Sports Radio 560 WQAM My Ami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers show a f***ing Neil called 567-0560 Cold Free for David Brower F***ing on pound 560 on your cell pole f***ing opinions of Neil his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley Reed Acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM The time range with some green p***ing The time range with some green p***ing The time range of blue p***ing It's brighter you first view What are we gonna do? I think we are all being screwed I think we're better We want to end this week We get our father's father There's no place for us now Even today, all of them are now too can listen But now you will find it We're back with a car off from your mind No, no fun to be Spent our body at PC No fun to be The car driving at PC There's nothing left For us to enjoy We'll be staying with children For our fellow fun to be And for our body at PC No, no fun to be The car driving at PC There was us to be seen They know what we should feel They try to dictate to us what is really young Young and old, these things to us I think we're gonna To be so good of us, help us But you know The STC's but you know Help us, we're here to learn The Neil Rogers can't do it All of my himself, let's all help him Don't put it up from the cell Let's be a secret No, that's how you feel And maybe we'll get inside of the room We'll be together No, no, no I'm speaking what are you doing We'll be like a secret What are you doing You are All of our leading to a flight It's actually my time Because of the STC You want to stand what we can You STC, you can watch Who you can understand Yeah You give it right You've found those records That's the DJ's play You are I can prove to you I'm just too strong The stand and fight over Truth and your honor You're so far so we can tell you The STC, what the end There's all the Neil Rogers And so far on your side We've got nothing to hide You're getting out You're getting out And maybe the empty world Stay out Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Oh, yeah He's easy And the fallen out Oh, he's easy And the evening now No one knows what we're trying to say We all have your STC to play STC, so we're very excited And the STC Get off all that STC You're not to live on life for me You're not to say No, not to leave You're not to leave You can look maybe the STC isn't for me No STC Can't afford At 5.60 WQAM So there's always some little cigarette and a wood pod There's always when you least expect it Middle of a real boring summer TDS and Pondris Now come in this morning And everybody is going EEEE Why are they going like that? Well because according to R&R Which is the daily digest of the radio industry A crapsheet that they put out every day That all radio stations get According to the R&R And again I say according to because nobody else Does anybody else know anything about it? No Greg, read no about it Our lawyers know about it RFCC attorney's know about it The FCC know about it No But our and our know about it somehow Maybe they got a psychic Maybe they're using showish bookriff and And surely Peters over there They have a psychic working for them And maybe this is coming down But not yet Anyway The second item this morning Right under CBS Invect in another medical site It says FCC slaps WQAMM We have 35,000 In-Decency fine Oh, how do you like that? Longest to those The commission said the new Rogers show Erad in decent material on several occasions Last May And excerpt from one show Imposed the song of the tune of the toys Our us I don't want to grow up Jingle With lyrics about Rolsex General manager Greg Reed Decline to comment His only comment was EEEE And the busy broadcasting sports station As 30 days to appeal So it's in- We don't know what we're supposed to appeal We don't know what song it actually was Because the only parody we have To the tune of that is that guns are us thing Which has nothing to do with the Rolsex It goes Like this I don't have the girl Time of guns They're off to it And there's nothing I'm seen about that Except for the fact that it's about People shooting people But we haven't been notified Our lawyers haven't been notified Greg Reed hasn't been notified And they talked to the FCC And Washington and they all said Well guess what EEEE No, either Yeah So it's like a mystery So there are too many different ways you can look at this And of course on the one hand you get a little bit better Because first of all this is the game that they do like to play I remember ten years ago I would even when we really did get Find and that was only ten thousand dollars So I think your right Inflation is really getting carried away with these people But they notify you And then you have a period of time to respond And then after they make an determination So one has to really wonder if this is a legitimate item you I'm talking about EEEE Or somebody is planted this crap With some unsuspecting guy over there at R&R Who may not have any idea what they're talking about Although you know I have to be on the guy side Even though I don't know his name or what it's all about Because generally speaking I've discovered here in this place Whatever's going on in the real world We've been really thinking about it like yesterday This is really we don't have to go back to ancient history As recently as yesterday Palm Beach Post reports jigsmick Donald hired by the Panthers Is the radio played by playing out tonight We only happened to be the radio station That's the we're the Panthers radio station The anchor of their network so to speak Did we know anything about that? No I see that one of the I think it was the Sun Sentinel has a thing And of course with no comment what's the word because they don't know who that is Today the day late in the dollar short So it's sure wouldn't be the first time that something like this is gone down And we know nothing about it In as far as in decent the jingles with lyrics about oral sex Have all it has in the whole country been here in about roll sex for like at least a year and a half down That's all we heard about Orals sex cigars and people's rectum and the stuff like that So it's still a major mystery to us All we can say here at WQ and see it would be nice if this is going to come down That they would tell you well, what is it that we played that was in decent or obscene or whatever That we're going to get fine for so we won't play it again Are they telling us? No no So the fever research continues to try to find out what the hell It's all about but Lisa's a little bit of excitement anyway And what's 35 grand you know to people like to be easily Tell me yeah, what's 35 grand of them But it's just a little bit a little bit Agitating to think that the award police are going to start up again and Greg makes a good point Which I wrote it down because it's the first one he's ever made since I've been here It made a good point this morning there are 8,000 pirate radio stations on the Erolachross America Auditing every word that's ever been invented some we've never heard before putting all kinds of crashing crap on the year As the FCC we need to know much about that every once in a while you'd be nardacle like we had happened here You know that was last year right that they cracked on our couple of the And then they go and they put it right back on the year and the FCC goes back and starts worrying about the word police You know did they say crap on the or teach or something like that? It's been a great read by the way beautiful picture. Do you see Greg's picture on the sports section and very jackass is comb that way? Did you see this? Oh man you will Fall on the floor and pee in your pants. In fact, you know something this picture is so good They might just show it the next Thursday night at 10 30 they might preempt Oh, they might preempt and just put Greg's picture on there people all across America be laughing or answer that it the Harold is famous for that Take in the worst possible picture and in his case, I'm sure they had a lot of choices But just taking the most grotesque picture of people and stuck in your post in the paper looks like a picture out of a carnival One of those amusement parks with a distorted mirrors, you know where your face is like shown from below Where if our all bloated and distorted and his hair is blowing in the breeze, of course the hair is kind of accurate He just doesn't know what to do with those six hairs on the time You know, first he tried that Luis Miguel that's bag look the Italian thing we over the top that didn't work out to good people were laughing at him So here they're like all whistling in the dark Any way we'll get into that got a whole bunch of stuff to do today And of course right now on CNN all involved But we've also seen the services Now it's not bad enough now we're remembering I mean, but this has gone on for a week now tonight We'll be one week since the plane went down and they're still going on they still can't stop They're just they're it's like a out of control freight train That's just racing downhill and nobody can come close to even thinking about how to stop it You know I'm beginning to wonder if they'll ever be able to stop it you think so I don't think so they can't stop this So immersed in this crap Oh and by the way was there anybody besides John John that died in the crash Oh, I don't think so these other two people you know for every word about the besets that they've had there have been 50 million words about the Kennedy I'm not saying that it's and of course it was two of them and one in hand, but it's still they can't hold a candle This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station And I'll talk for language lesson of the day repeat after me me for part no a star VB endocone essay prostituta which means my father no longer lives with that hooker Ostalam Bego So anyway 1015 when I was short and so we 1015 at 560 WQM and I didn't even realize it today is paining And bluff was just in here and I'll pay text everybody how do you like that course George being a hot shot He's already got his check his money in the bank five days ahead of time Of course, I could use that appearance money from 100 years ago You didn't get it yet? No, no, come on and you know what? Now it is 35,000 dollar fine from the FCC hanging over your head That may be better call at the guy in the Brinnmore New Jersey Up in a fili area there from those fili games the Marlon games because that guy hits 75 dollars may have to wait a long time now If indeed this turns out to be a true story and if indeed of course they have to cough up 35 grand of the FCC the word police I told you we live in a police they did not tell you that and we do Only now it's gotten to the point where we can't even find out it would be like being arrested like somebody grabs you off the street in a uniform and drags you away And you say okay, well, what am I being arrested for and it just sit there looking straight ahead, you know You did something wrong, but we're not gonna tell you just guess and if you get it right, maybe we'll tell you if you're right, and maybe not that's the way it operates Operates Operate to the gun toys are us. What are they talking about? What whoever so whoever put this in there obviously I mean that part of it is wrong to begin with so it raises all kinds of questions Send up all those little flags like they always say, little flags in here Take a caller to be for we get to very jackasses brilliant column here's a mobile and four-laterdale hello Neil yes sir quick dog story for you. I have a 75 pound hucky shepherd and a three-year-old son and the dog was in his bedroom And he did not want the dog to leave and as the dog was making its way out the door. He slammed it and my wife was in the room with him and looked and saw piece of tail sticking in the door She went over thinking you know to let the dog out the door what went She went over thinking to open the door to let the dog out open the door tail no dog Yeah, well as it turns out about an inch of the dog's tail is stuck in the door And we had to take it to the vet and have a little bit more taken off and now it's at the house with this long strip of tail At the end with no hair it looks like a piece of rope take the route. Not bad for that dog Yeah, my colleague is back, but when I mean I'll get upset about that, you know Last thing in closing, it's the packers fall at the point of the moth. Okay, well listen, whatever you say pal, I've had somebody's getting some tail in your house anyway Here's a candle hello I need you all you do this morning. Okay sir Sir, how do you feel about those crap that that piece on like one of those chronics to me is what you sound like Anyway, here's something from one of our listeners a fact this morning kind of amusing not great It says on their way to the justice of the piece to get married a couple had a fatal car accident A couple found themselves sitting outside heaven's gate waiting on Saint Peter doing intake While waiting they wanted to think could possibly get married in heaven Saint Peter finally showed up in the ass. Tim Saint Peter said, I don't know this is the first time anyone has asked let me go and find out any left The couple sat in the way that for an answer for a couple of months that began to wonder if they really should get married in heaven With the eternal aspect of the doll Well, what if it didn't work they wondered are we stuck together forever? Saint Peter returned after yet another month looking somewhat be dragdled. Yes, he informed the couple you can get married in heaven Great said the couple a lot of things don't work out could we also get a divorce in heaven? Saint Peter red face slammed his clipboard onto the ground. What's wrong asked to frighten couple come on Saint Peter shouted It took me three months to find a priest up here. Do you have any idea how long it's going to fit? Take me to find a lawyer All right, thank you Thomas who fact you'd at this morning not bad. I'm amazed he actually did find a priest up there. How do you like that only three months? So very jackass who definitely is going to rotten hell if there is one decision awaits read now. It's not so much for what he wrote this morning Because it's just an in his usual all of a sudden. Let's talk about somebody that definitely better not be doing those hurricane games Yeah, like him Decision awaits reading there's the worst picture of Greg reading here in the history of human race Greg is hiding under his desk right now I'm not sure if it's that potential SEC fine or the picture in a hero this morning It's caused Greg to be hiding under his desk like a little child with his stomach is mouth But anyway, it says WQAM General manager might hire a higher outsider for you and football play by play job We're all hoping he does by the way, and I told him that this morning I told him a few higher Joseph Aki I absolutely promise I will blow my brains out right here on the air like Howard Peel It says when WQAM General manager Greg read returns from vacation next week one of the most difficult decisions of his tenure weights Hey, the right to do is you're very, but he had to come back for a few and over yesterday he's here right now I know you're a little bit behind the times very, but you better get with it Does he risk angering the University of Miami and higher University of Massachusetts and outside Mark VanderMir When read is identified as the best broadcast room on the candidates for the hurricanes football play by play job Does he do that or has to bury our show hope so because this guy supposedly is very good Just like the guy from Indianapolis that we had the hockey take book which I heard who was also very good That should have been doing the Panthers games if was going to be guilty and that we heard that old bloody dirty jigs McDonald And by the way, I spoke to 6,000 people between two o'clock yesterday and his morning show And 6,000 people each and every one of them said the same thing about jigs McDonald They said he sucks He's boring. He's old. He's tired and what a disgrace that built hurry again stuck his nose there like I told you kids out there listening It's not who you know. It's who you don't say blow because then the FCC will get upset again You can't talk about oral sex because only only on CNN they could talk about oral sex and MSNBC and CNBC and the three major networks for 18 months They talked about oral sex and where did he stick it and what did he do with it and was this a garam voice was it dry was it a typical Or was it a Cuban or what kind was it was it in mental etc But if we even make reference to it, you see because eventually the word police are right at again Although nobody seems to really know what this is real is it make believe kind like this radio station is it a real or make believe is anybody Oh So anyway it goes on about does read make the politically correct move one that would appease you See there's thing with those blue noses those brown noses those butt likers in you of them those are the worst I mean those people over there That is one of the most elite bunch of nose suckers in the history of the human race Does he hire one that would appease you in officials W. Y. and these Dave Lamont I mean you know Dave like I said not a bad guy, but historical on those broadcast screaming Oh, I can break that Yeah, like that. I'm sorry Dave you're a good guy, but no no does he hire WFOR's Oh, God the fact Joe Joe cost Ella just said that he would commit suicide. We're going to have a mass suicide in here If they hired Joseph Gackie to do the UMM game That's right, then we've all George is also said he would do it Jim Jones eat your heart out. We're going to sit here and do better than cool aid. Okay faster and more panelists If they're in or WPLGs Frank for it. I mean, no even if he took that thing off and said which I guess he did You know what happened the thing that used to be on Frank for its forehead it's on and weekdays push now And you know why it won't slide off it air because then we take keeps putting all that stuff on his face And it kind of like sticks to it not assertly if he would stop doing that the thing might slide off It was on the way down from his forehead and it stuck there right next to we shanaz But at any rate there this goes on about and of course managed made an excellent point and man it was great yesterday Oh, right if you thought he was good yesterday, wait till two o'clock this afternoon He had a really I mean he always I love man to John here, but I mean he was really really broken yesterday Maybe that's because he was listening to 99 jam. He was jamming it. Huh? He was doing it, baby So he'll be on again today. Hank's on vacation Hank don't take these long vacations because every time we hear a man it's right people are saying boy, you know, he sounds pretty good So at any rate we will see what we'll see about that you will fan in this hole It says read rarely has had the final say it announced or higher than the past WQMs It announced this for the dolphins, Marlins and Panthers have traditionally and sadly been chosen I'm the one saying and sadly by the team that's why we wind up with jigs McDonald McDonald on the farm E-e-i-i is what they should have said to him UM's weekly radio show begins in mid August and the football team over the Zoggers point out against the Ohio State and his mad dog was saying yesterday It's already the 23rd of July, you know I realized Greg's a little slow to make these decisions but get that guy from Massachusetts in here And let's get him started and cut the crap and just say no to jurors the gag please And that wasn't very good was it jurors the gag he that was better Oh the prospect of him putting everybody into a coma I mean I would no personality guy with even if he says hello, it's so boring people start like swimming and falling on the ground And this guy's gonna do play by play. No, I don't think so I don't think so even though Barry says always van der mirse not hired Zoggers He might have the best chance to get the job, etc. So on his gut interest, but we need permission from WFOR And everybody in the building will come at Massachusetts if they hire him, which you left out of the article, Barry Here's coral geobals, hello Meal, yes sir, how you doing? Happy Friday to you sir Happy Friday to you, Lysman. I slept on green last night Yeah It was a dream That's my favorite show Yeah, great show I mean what about that party went into with all those red necks Yeah, that's scarier what that was lovely I mean those women look like I mean I don't know crack or something like that I don't think when he was riding with that cop and he was giving me a give the speeding to go out to that woman And then those are two young people who were kissing and they came out Yeah, I think we have an illegal sex act where you heard half sex, it was just great Yeah, Lysman, well I wanted to thank you for turning me on to that show And Ben Scholyn television sir, and I got to go see it If I have to choose between watching another 700 hours of the Kennedy post the death thing Here on all these networks are watching Tom Green, I'll stick with Tom, thank you There's four patterns, so huh? Yeah, I love it Yeah, I was a liar Well, if I went to a webpage, yeah, sure, I couldn't download your nails Sounds Yeah Actually, I was downloading them but then I would play them and nothing would come out Sorry I don't know, I don't know about that, so Well, I'll give you something to do all over a boring weekend, just keep dealing with it Well, come on, I'm not full of cash you nuts, so I gotta let you go Okay, see you Okay, so you got what I'm not full enough, is he gonna get a record for that Yeah, we'll have the nut police in here pretty soon By the way, speaking of something really disgusting Well, I'll tell you after the break The child Goldstein thing in Scroomano I'm responsible for this, although I shouldn't tell you that, but he mentioned it on the air I'm not a bad guy, you're disgusting, you're a pig Although it is in a very sick way, well, I don't know We'll have to pass it around the building and see if anybody finds it humorous Besides, he needs George, maybe Joe will take a look at it and see if he finds it Have you seen this yet? The Scroom magazine? Well, you'll have to come in and take a look at that Now there is a penis in there, so please just put your hands over one eye Anyway 26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQAM I said it was sick, didn't I? Okay He's laughing, he's laughing, he's laughing his ass off He's going All right It is very sick Well, hey, the Tom Green Show is very sick Al Goldstein is sick, I sure is Helen very sick He's crying You first In theaters now, from the director of the Spive Who shagged me and the director of Forest Gug, it's the spy that shagged Gugdanges my middle name, hello An emphores, forest gugd I think you'll shag it jealous, maybe you'll switch down your smashing My mom always said, life was lack of box to chocolate You never know what you're going to get Oh, come tramping me Yeah Till we shag now, or shall we shag later I'm not a smart man, but I know what love is Who behave? The spy that shagged Gugd If that is a woman, it does look like she was beaten with an ugly stick She'll know I shagged her I shagged her RUNBAY And that's all I have to say about that Oh yeah baby That's 32 to a 5.60 WPM We got married as you two, we got the Dottie B.06 We got the pre-gaming 60 to the brawlers in the Marlins tonight I should be a big crowd out there, hear that? You think so? No Anyway, maybe the audience can help us out with this Because we just took a poll and all three of us think it's fun Even though there's a foot in the abandoned juries thing That's bad I'm surprised you're laughing at a naked foot Nevertheless I'm paid 16 in the August second issue of Al Goldstein's screw magazine His disgusting pornographic and perverted magazine That's so many of us enjoy it tremendously Pay 16, here's a full page yet, I make believe that Oh, oh geez Just don't know me, but hey, you know what can I say? I have nothing to do with this, okay? He's the one that's a big Ben and Jerry's fish food fan I'm the one that turned him on to it, but nevertheless I'm going to describe this page to you And we'll find out if the audience is regrettitating If they find out that this is just a little bit too far You know what I'm saying? I mean mad magazine, a lot of times they had set tires Some people thought went a little bit too far, very tasteless, very irreverent Tom Green Show Like the thing with the cows, you know, with the, oh man, that other one Well here's one that says Ben and Jerry's proud to present it It's got a cover of a Ben and Jerry's ice cream container New Kennedy flavored fish food With a P.A. to course A delicious taste sensation brought to you direct from the shores of Martha's vineyard And at the bottom it says don't forget to try our classic Mary Jill Capectney flavored fish food Oh Now, maybe we're not doing too well so far, but when you look over to the right Here's the cover of Ben and Jerry's it says Vermont's finest with a P.A. Kennedy flavored extra chunky fish food and here's the container itself Open container and the ice cream is in it It looks like the real thing to me In fact, you know something I have to hand it to Al even as grotesque as this is It looks to me like somebody in his office Sacrifice the real container of Ben and Jerry's fish food Although I wouldn't be surprised after the, because this other stuff is superimposed over it So I wouldn't be surprised after they took the shoot the shot the after they shot it And then I would like to hear it and the fish food too And here's in the, I'm a little reluctant to describe this to you Okay, but here on top of the Ben and Jerry's on very top of the ice cream is Are the heads of Carolyn and JFK Junior? Here's a foot, there's a breast and they're right in the middle is a penis You call that a, you call that a penis? Yes By any definition that to me definitely looks like a penis I've seen one or two in my time that looks like one Circumstance of this Yeah, and this one is circumcised by the way for those who may have been curious So we'll find out from the audience that they're like, probably most of the audience is tuning out right now Saying this man associates with Al Goldstein He's disgusting, he's crudies of noxious, we've had it That's it, you've had his pissed off all week near Oh, and then J.P. just came in He's peeing in his pants he's laughing so hard at this thing Okay, so I'm sure that somebody out there will say it's crud in disgusting But so far we're batting a thousand four for four Not the women are the ones that would get better shape Because I find that most women for example I went to my new doctor yesterday Who seems like a pretty good guy I mean they gave me the royal treatment in there they're taking my pictures They're getting my autographs I'm not so sure if they did anything medical or not I don't remember If they're introduced to my doctor's wife And my doctor was in the car I guess yesterday or maybe the day before and turned it on for the first time I was my friend never heard the show And her comment was he's a little vulgar is he but when I'm there to my face he says, oh I like your show So you see it's the woman thing woman have to say they've been conditioned in America to being prudes So they have to say oh that disgusting even though in inside they're laughing their ass off Aren't they or maybe they're not maybe they're just so repressed and uptight that they can't they can't do it They can't allow themselves to see the humor and something sick and twisted and distorted That everybody that came in here and looked at the thing just peed in their pants all over the place He's still laughing Here's South Beach, hello I'll let's wait a while once I let's see if Josh thinks that it's also let's see his reaction he's looking at it See now he's trying to repress it, but he can't repress a smile go ahead sir You know you're doing this morning, okay sir Hey, I just want to tell you that I love your show and that you should forget well you have both in the art of life And what in the art of doing and just you do your thing and you keep on and making us laugh and seeing the truth right All right, and screw them all okay have a great day sir. Yeah, he's laughing out Clarence's laughing he could so we're batting five for five Not bad we're batting a thousand so far on Algo Stee page 16 in the August second issue with screw magazine 560 50560 pound five 60 on the eight down the immobile one line and by the way You know when they put the letters to the editor and on a topic that a lot of people are writing about which is very rare But generally most newspapers try to balance it out in other words if they get 10 letters and eight of them are on one side of the issue and two on the other They'll put maybe you if they put in proportion to whatever they're getting is what the way they try to do it Well, then the hero this morning there are one two three four five six seven letters to the editor About the Kennedy business about the death of Robert Kennedy John Kennedy Jr. Whatever's name is And they all basically are saying the same thing I've been screaming all week long So maybe I'm not out there on a limb all by myself Maybe most of the public does think that this is a grotesque overkill It's been to signifies which is garments that still going on right now the white garment the black garment the this garment I mean they just can't stop there out of their minds with this and The best of all the letters. This is really tragic from Roland Racco and Miami who says I don't be grudge the efforts taken to locate and retrieve the victims of the Kennedy tragedy, but I'm interested in The same efforts were not on to undertake and when my nephew died in the helicopter that he was piloting to pick up personnel from an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico He had just taken off from the oil rig when a prop flew off and he went into the Gulf the coast guards spent one day looking for survivors and then gave up My brother and law had a higher helicopter in search on his own for several days with fruitless This is not sour grapes and I do agree for the survivors of those who perished as we did for our nephew But it does pay to be politically prominent in our society no kidding Roland And we apologize for this bull crap government of ours, okay? But if you have a big name then they'll spend millions and millions of dollars they'll go to the ends of the world too Whatever they can But if you happen to be Joe Joe blow a lot there in the street they figure you're on your own okay? Nobody gives a crap This is the Neal Roger show This is your brain Any questions feeling sexy feeling Kinky feeling old been coming to Frederick's of Hollywood Florida retirement haven to the elderly so you wear a plastic hair bonnet when it's sunny out and a fur coat during the summer big deal That doesn't mean you can't dump some crotchless panties in a barb wire brought tonight Honey look at the rubber fenties you're doing some great in these You show grandma check out this jeet string and see through holders off combination What oh that is right here I can see myself really getting into that little number Catch you bring the husband bring your family bring your bed nurse and come into Frederick's of Hollywood Florida look for one of the retirement community near you 144.5.50 WCM here some bad news by the way California bishop resigned to meet a abuse charge. How do you like that? The Roman Catholic bishop of Santa Rosa California resigned after a priest sued him for alleged sexual assault Official announced yesterday. Bishop Patrick Zeman 58 submitted his resignation to Pope John Paul II who accepted it A lawyer for Zeman who led the 140,000 member diocese of Santa Rosa north of San Francisco said the lawsuit came only after the bishop refused to pay $8 million to keep the sex abuse charges quiet The Reverend George Salos suit Zeman last week in Sanoma County Superior Court alleging that Zeman demanded sex in this Change for keeping quiet about Salos admitted theft of $1,200 from means Saint Mary's church in U.K. They've no fact in the church. How do you like that? All he wanted was eight million bucks Could have called Michael he could have helped them out ridden them and check. 560.560 pound 560 on a mobile one line nobody offended see if we had any women in this building We could bring women in and do a test on that. We don't have any women in the building. Do we? Is there any female and we don't have some not? Yeah, bet you will. I'm not talking about for that. I'm talking a little take a look at it. Because I'm sure that they're oh my god, that's disgusting. That and they would just run down the hall screaming about what a bunch of perverts we are. Because they take everything seriously. You can't sat or write something sad, something tragic, but you know, once you're dead, I mean really what difference does it make? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. How are you doing there? Okay sure. I got to say you've got man. And who do you want to be? What is it? I want to be American. I want to be for who do you from Halea. Yeah. I'm going by the, any types of, okay like you said, 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Your people, this can't control themselves. You know, I think the FCC ought to find them. You know what I'm saying? Bring them down here and just at least slap a little bit on the buttocks. 567. Are we going to have another one those days today? Oh, not like yesterday. Please. Not that was just two pulling time. I know this managed was a smoking yesterday. And it's usually the other way around. For whatever reason as great as he is, Maddie's is always here on pumping those numbers and pumping those numbers. They were forming it them off. I think it was that 99 jam sting is what put them over the top. Okay, we finally have a female. Finally. I don't want to gross you out, but this is screw magazine. And please look at it with a sense of humor. Don't be offended before you even take a look at it. Okay, great. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. And I love it. That's that's great. Alright, got those two sweet. Alright, thank you. Let's hear it. Alright. Brown golf scene. There you go. You see we don't have all these prudes running around like you think we got some people. There were a little bit of a sense of humor. Oh, how the hell am I going to do this? Yeah. Oh, this board is such a piece of tear. I'll tell you to joke. It's a tinker toy. Thanks Greg. Yeah, maybe that's where they got to toys the Russ. Because that's where great bought all the equipment for the studio. It toys our Russ. Maybe that's where they got that. You got confused up there at the FCC. Because this, everything in here is like basically a tinker toy. And by the way, it's starting a little warm in here again. You know, is that? They will have to check that thing over there on the wall and crank it down. Just when the area had been working so fantastically well in here, they have to date was like a meat locker in here. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. You know, this Kennedy thing. This is not really the subject. I don't want to get on per se. But I was like, they need to get on a lovely electric. And that actors get. What is it? I think they need to get away with this Kennedy thing. Actually, there's a couple things I want to share real quick if I can't. But the Kennedy thing, I think they need just to get over it and stuff. Yeah, you said that four times already. And what was the other thing you wanted to share about? Oh, I was wondering, you know, when you guys paid the cards from the book, Book of Brian. Yeah. And I would really pay attention to it exactly. But, you know, like sometimes it's like like an arm. You know, like a bro or like a ride or something like that. Is that like bro exactly. Yeah. You guys do it like like, bro, bro, bro, bro. You guys do it for the moment or is it like already like. Now it's already tape. It's already logged in. It's all automated. Carrying. and in close and up first while love your show and all that and all that and all that there you go close and I can't control over it's a program dinner I have a little request I'm wondering if you could play something there's some if it'll help your condition I've been delighted to live what is it uh... was Steve Kane somebody's talking with Steve Kane on the it's kind of long talking with Steve Kane on the radio or you're a Steve Kane listener now i'm a nail listener for honestly because i don't think anybody on the edge of a hundred new Steve Kane was to be honest with yeah i'm a bit called a mr. ego or so there you go now you're starting to make a comeback that's right and uh... whatever happened to the pig reports that if they break into cahoones about the FCC made a stop doing those uh... of course i'll never write a pal and uh... and just tell me which your problem is okay it's the ten before ten before eleven to two and i'm talking just came in he's a contest number seven and he's been he just what is pantheist to go change is underwear looking at the school magazine page there the fish who that see it's too bad we don't have whammy distra 30 seconds okay in fact i might have put us over the top if we would have had this page i think that might have put that's all we have on that well we had a block out the penis in the nipple on the breast but of course it's in screw magazine so it's all in their graphic and of course it is really disgusting and it was he it's not me seriously just had a change is underwear again all of the house and for new supply to bed she and i was a little bit reluctant to even talk about it because all these all the american public are supposedly so up tight about this it's such a sensitive thing but here it is it's a week later it's not like he just died later we can't all be a psychotic is he crazy people on c.n. here we go to the place of my life what is wrong with you people anybody who believes that this is appropriate coverage that's still going on today is one week after the playing went down who believes that this is brought believe me you need to check into a mental institute to get yourself some help before it's too late what you're really saying is that my life your life anybody's life has got no meaning that my life's name is Kennedy or the media decided that you were somebody famous in glamorous therefore the whole world should be shedding tears and we should be having a collective nervous breakdown and being in our pants which we're only doing over the old thing and by the way thank you well because he wasn't going to put anything in there about the other kind of these and he'd remember he called here a couple days ago remember that i should do if you said i gave him the courage to put that thing in there in be as tasteless as he wants like Luther Campbell always said as tasteless as i want to be and we said all right oh see now that's pretty good timing by the way you notice how i always talk up those things we're good oh here's sand by the way now let's see if sand takes a look here's sand is contestant number eight sand is looking at the page paid sixteen in the the August 2nd screw magazine just look don't pop ski with a dope play with it just look at it just read it have somebody have somebody read it to you would be good yeah he's trying to control and he's got a smirk on it he's trying to control himself but he likes it he like it try to put on you know mr cool mr swab i know the important people i never told the rickie martin story by the way about the a plan to do a frank for Germany yeah this is verified by an employee of the airline i won't mention which airline at the rickie was flying to go to a frankfort some weeks ago sitting in first class of course with his boyfriend and on a plane with everybody else on air yes maybe nobody was paying attention and i really sure but it goes to show he's not all that up patent concern because they were changing kisses on a plane how do you like that little small it's a European thing you know maybe it's kissing on both cheeks maybe one of the guys had a snake bite yeah maybe he was trying to kiss it and they could go with you up and feel good and it's cheek too five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's tamarack hello morning you know yes sir well i have a lot of respect for your hockey now it's but this time i really have to disagree with you on the sticks of the cardinal now you're the first one we had we had six thousand calls yesterday and he all said he sucks he's all tired i'm going to tell you this i was a range of fans for 25 years back in New York and i've had big dishes this small dishes yeah watch hundreds of hot you probably didn't have no big in play shake dishes yeah just like you when i will tell you that you just play the island is i would turn off the range of telecast and put on the island telecast oh my god i thought that he was just an outstanding an answer and i you know no yes you have a story pay it to make this call come on you go tell us i'm just with zero but no i really think i disagree with that thinking really is outstanding and i think i'm standing i i don't i think he's one of the better ones i put them up there with america where things what i'm just i like generate up and buffalo you're putting him in the same category with rich genre putting jigsmick Donald the same category with with rich genre and mike language or boon oh my god oh i think he's better than mike language he's better than mike language oh oh oh oh oh i read him but i've been lying remember when the guy woke up with the horses hitting his bed in the godfather like that that's how i feel right now okay well i hope you enjoy and pal well i think the fans down here he's about a thousand percent better than what then christina i'll go along with that i don't want you won't get any argument on that they could have brought in a dead man then they would have been better than christina more i think the fans are going to enjoy okay give them a chance okay thanks pal okay okay there's a guy like six McDonald's here for jigs okay let's not make it into a racial thing though he likes the jigs five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty when he said he was better than mike language at that point i just started the mike stomach started making girdling sounds you know and rich genre if he would have said that he's been out this guy and he's from New York so he probably doesn't know joboom but if he would have said that rick that jigs McDonald's better than joboom at that point i might have gotten just a little bit violent i have horror violence but i might have had to make an assessment at that point you don't understand five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile online here another quiet day another quiet Friday to big city we're just waiting here it is an hour the show has gone by if we got any more information about that alleged fine from the FCC no does anybody in this organization the way thing about it no they come running in here to tell me about it no but that did bring my paycheck which is a lot more important you said here's your paycheck and by the way i took a peek at it it'll more than cover that fine thanks a lot stuff here's a mobile in high-alia hello hi my name is new yeah i do all right all right listen as that that's come back from you uh and since uh you told us that's not well he's probably busy playing with himself well he's got to turn up his loudest little girl he's probably looking at that now oh my god see how they just they just can't oh they just can't say it quite exactly right you don't understand it's just the way you got to say man it's the sofa king don't you understand not whatever you just said you got to put the ostentaux in the way you have to stand the way it's supposed to be the sofa queen the sofa king the sofa prince the sofa store man get with it okay you got it five six seven oh five sixty pound the AT&T wireless line is we try to whip him up into a frenzy so we've tried everything but we haven't had anybody to build a you didn't think that would nice going her out the top ring show in the green part of my favorite show in my show something about your spot yeah i say that i have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans i find there illogical and foolish emotions constant urgent unlike you with humans of all of them predicted by the motion it's locked fingers yes don't be afraid you're my hat all of you are beautiful don't be the full minute cream would you ever know what is your point this time alright yeah yeah yeah did you pick what at shooting deemed negative you don't really want to her thing yeah we're expecting you going wow having my What are you waiting for? If you refuse the intrusion captain. Oh! Hurry that hatchet. I'm appropriate for us in terms of captain. Oh! Oh! I feel so weak. I don't miss this over. So, I'm partying. Going out of the house. Oh! I'm not sure. I'm just going to be here in disgraceful. I'm a man who's an animal flesh and I've enjoyed it. I believe he was destroyed. It was painful. In more ways than one. I don't know why. I have not been infected. Thank you, Mr. Spock. From both of us. Level 3 at 5. We're getting about 50,000 calls already from people who want to know where they can buy a screw magazine. Do we know where they can buy a screw magazine? No! We got to find out some new stands where they carry a screw magazine. In fact, you're just putting it all through the aisle. It's probably on our way right now. You know, people that eat that much. They sleep till about one or two in the afternoon. Because they're metabolism's all screw. But we're going to try to find out where to help we can get a screw magazine. For I know that if you checked WWWW.screw magazine.com, Is it com or org? Well, whatever the hell it is, either one. That they've got a website, but whether it's on or not, we don't know. Is he there? Is he on there? Is this the fat one? Do you wish I lower the radio? Yeah, lower the radio. You're on a airfatch. Oh, back. Stop acting like some kind of amateur, will ya? You're the guy who encroach this. And then, oh, thank God. Finally, we get a little bit of credit on this show. Thank you so much. You're going to have to do it once it's done. That's right. You know, I was, you know, it's having, you know, like I've been a real victim of an implicit, I'm sorry, but you're not trying to know. You're so funny. Oh, I didn't do Diane when she died. I really didn't. Why not? Because I was sensitive. You're not thinking, listen to me. I want to, it's not too late because the timing would be good. Even though that was a year and whatever the hell was two years ago, you're still getting now. The timing is good because the media is going crazy. They're still hot in a way with this thing on there right now. I'm CNN with this, so the services, all the networks too. All the networks are covering it too. So now would be great for the day and I think in fact, you could put them side by side. You haven't had any section. Haven't had a, I'm having a JFK studio. Or would you would Marilyn Monroe? Yeah. Diane and anyone who cloaked lately, but then what thing is, is you, if you have a little bit of Montgomery in there, please, I like to, please, listen to me. You have been so crude. Yeah. Mean. Yeah. And that's so brilliant. And you were encouraging me. And I want to have dinner with George. Of course, he'd like to pick this with free. I mean, I get that special crystal, but he had to put it in a price. Yeah. What rib fat, he 94. I dream. But anyway, I was so excited. I don't think that's for you. But I just call my, my editor, I even did tell me, did a great job because, because a neoliberal effect. Yeah. And I am thrilled. Not only I'm laughing. Everybody in a building, male, female, infantile and juvenile, they're all laughing. They're all peeing in their pants. I think I helped you hit the jackpot in addition, which you do understand that if it wouldn't have been for me, you would have never known fish food from most of you public in the first place. All right. Yes. And that's why when I get to don't, and how, and then there's fish food three blocks away, I'm stoned, and I eat three pungent, and that's why I'm gaining pounds. Thank you, Neil. I have a bite, I did a check. But the way that you see the ceremony, we're going to have a draw for you, sweetheart. Oh, yeah. The issue you have is on sale Monday, and the dope book shop. Not to be commercial, but it's a visit to websites, and it's a group of on every day. So it's a group of bags.com. They get a group of everyday in my TV show, mid that will, where you know I sucked up to you. Even though I'm sucking up to Howard, I still said you're better. And you're sucking up to Conan O'Brien. So he's a big thing. I mean, how, at least Howard's got an audience. Okay, Conan O'Brien, what are you sucking up to him for? I don't have any audience. I want to have a baby. Yeah, get on the Tom Green Show. There's a guy with an audience that would buy your magazine. They're not even sort of, a baseball pin just to work the other people on your show. You're a shameless man. You're a bully. No, no, I'm a fool. If I was an idea man, how to slug. In fact, he's starting a new sex publication called Shameless and Desperate. I am desperate because it's a McJewboy. And by the way, Rose tells me that you masturbate seriously while you listen to the show every day. Is that true? Yes, well, it's a good one. And I look bad, look at the pictures of George. No, no, no, no. No, what do you sound, Tony? So when you were on the show, it's so exciting. Well, let's not be. If they go on a website, now is the whole magazine on there. Yes, Monday. Oh, I saw another, it's not on the website today. No, no, because you have been in a band's copy. If it's printed Thursday and it goes on till next Monday. So what? I don't book stores will help you. I'll be actual copy. And only adult book stores? Yeah, yeah, this is the one I've already. What if they want to order one? What do you do with your mail? Sure, sure. Okay, can I give them the address? Please. Okay, just I'll be in the obthusy. We're getting ready for Conan. How would it go? It's a group at the top. Yeah, I know. Oh, God. Oh, I know. Okay, okay. I'll go. Oh, you know. Yeah, we'll see 43 West 24 Street. And I'll further talk to 43 West 24 Street. New York City just right attention out those. Again, five bucks. What's up in the New York City? What does an Amazon have a zip code? It's one zero zero ten Neil and they should send me five hours. Cash, so I don't declare it. And I'll send them to copy. Give me cash, because I can go ahead and buy hot dogs. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Don't don't go. I'll just do this. You know, I owe it for track 43 West 24 Street. New York City. One zero zero ten. Ten. Ten five dollars. I'll send them to me. Yeah, I'll mail it out within 24 hours. I'll be in the open. Okay, I'll mail something. I'm going to lay down a challenge to you. Okay. I want you. You know who I want you to be honest? Forget about Howard and Conan O'Brien and Tom Green. I want you to be on with. Let me just do that. Larry King. I was little. Are we Saturday night? Yeah. You look a little bit. You look a bit fun and we put on fat. I went to my number to fry his eyes. Boated down six times in LA. I'm a fry. So we I went to a Milton for of 91st birthday. Yeah. I will. I'll let him out. He had a tonight. Larry King was with the host and Steve Allen is on piano. Yeah. So it's so. Oh, that's just the balance of the fan of yours. He's a piece of my hero. Now he wants to clean up everybody. So that you know, that you gotta go to work for the FCC. He's in the word police. It's very sad because he used the only guy who gave. He's letting him through the shot. Right. And I sure should see tonight that I know you hate my work. He's against I do. But I should just hand that he would. It was like a little bit of a fat publisher. As you know, Steve wouldn't put him in the chapter 11 because of a liar. A little ledger that is mafia. Info with. So, but the liar said that I see that the Steve Allen. Very generous. And we'll send poor people money. So I can register that I sucked up this week. Maybe you get a show on that. You know, you never know. Oh, I get it. First of all, I'm a friend of our lyric king being the host. I want to see you. We saw your way in and have him because you know, he has had Larry Flynn on the show. But no, you see, I blew my sob out of the water three years ago. I, I sued a liar. He came to the beef. And then it was a Sunday night. He had Elvis Presley. He's cousin. And they said they didn't have time to be at the comeback. So I took a liar. He came to the world claims with a $400 for my plane fare. I won $400 as on blacklisted. So also think it's why have I never been politically incorrect. Because Bill Mar is a low life as a baby. That's a bad show. You wouldn't want to be on a show. I can't even find a show. I go to the window. I go to the window. The openings. No, I, I never met a baby show. I didn't lie. And I'll trade those off for fish food, by the way. Oh, fish food is so good. Okay. You can easily slate this account. Great. I don't want to buy you. Okay. Go back to the K. I'm really distraught because these people want it now. They want to see it today. I don't want to lose something over the weekend. And I'm the one. And this is very sad. Here the guy in his old age in his van states. He's starting to limp out. He's starting to suck up the people. He doesn't even like any starting to to whistify a little bit. He didn't want to put this thing. And I'm the one I had to put him a convention to do this. And he didn't put the Diana thing in there. The Diana thing would have been a natural. Can you do it? You can conjure up all the things. Prince Charles would just the years sticking out with his head in there. I mean, just all the different things you can imagine. You know? But he'll work on it. But he got a tired old fat, you man. That's what we're doing on this show. 10 times to be sized me. 10 times to 11 is 560 WKOM. Hey, by the way, got a big editorial here from the Sun Sentinel today. It says the guys need warning labels. I do like that. I'll get it in a minute. Oh, yeah. The Sun Sentinel gambling is evil. Sagares are evil. Reading their newspapers has it. It's your health. You know something screw him. If he likes a good cigar go to Nick. I'll tell you to them. Okay. They'll sell you any kind of a great cigar. You like they got those Cuban. Fuller for those in men'sos and those brand new predominant reserves in predominant squared. Which we're to hell are they by the way? Do you put those away? I think I got for that. Went into a cold sweat because you know how Nicardly they are with a cigar's to us. Down at nigs. Oh, Nick. Huh? I think they're a little knickeredly with their There's cigars. Not like that other place used to be with They send boxes in boxes. I think what really happens is it probably the people I sent over here like penis and then an al guy do they still have them. It's Friday. You best. Crap it all records. It's proud to present the Elvis album. Everyone's been waiting for. It's Elvis in Seattle. And I owe my own news real and real. From the mouse and the guitar's. I'm getting hungry. I hear it. Give me a cheese for my hand. And see the coast guy let the was on him. I'm getting hungry. That's right. The king of rock and roll. It's playing the king's old. And you've got a front road ticket. A little terribly spoke. And in class today. Hell, this covers all the great Seattle bands. Girl Jam, sound garden and the one that started it all. They're gone now. Oh man. I'm a lot of. Mama's. Mama's. Mama's. Mama's. Oh, Elvis is very well. And rock and see. On. On. Crap it all records. And see. Man. We get you. There's some. As for. Man. The. Who. I'm. 15. At five. 60. Welcome. I'm. I'm. We're, Reno. We're. The songs are. We're coming to heaven. T hear me. The songL Captain Studio. Back at myspray. The Radio Star. Everything. Dr. Solid all the way this way and stuff it's like. It's like the social hurricane events. There's a massive amount ofradas. Alpha Army record at 17. the same kind of risks of disease and death as other forms of tobacco use. The facts run countered that the feelings of many cigars smokers that they're safe because they usually don't inhale and smoke less than cigarette users. The federal trade commission is proposing a sensible policy. It wants to require the three bloodly war that sederant soil goes on, and it also wants to prevent them from advertising on radio and television just like cigarettes. And like I said yesterday, I liked Winston tastes good, like a cigarette should. I like those ads for a marble and for whatever the hell I'll say, you stay on, chest to feel queens. And for a new port and salons and all those other foody cigarettes, what the hell was wrong with that? All these products that are legal that you can buy, if they're legal to be sold and the people are making them ought to be able to advertise. It's just a goody two shoes, hypocritical bunch of crap, and the people who are sitting there writing this crap are probably sitting there with a faggot hanging out of their mouth and maybe a cigarette too. Who the hell are you kidding? And then they got here. If you want a copy of the report on cigar smoking call 877, 3-8-2-43-57, or check out the FTC internet website, www.fascism.com. There's an discreet, same people that are always, you know, we're not reading the newspaper for a lecture. You know, I hate to break the news to you. We're not looking for a lecture. We're looking for information, news, amusement, sports, scores, whatever we're looking at it for. Not to be told how to live our lives in about how casino gambling is evil and cigars are evil and cigarette are evil. Those are evil too. Shall we outlaw that? Let's go back to pro-alvation again. And like I said yesterday, sugars kill a lot more people than cigars and cigarettes put together. Shall we outlaw that? Yeah. Everything's going to be illegal if we leave it up to the goody two shoes and our local newspapers here. What a bunch of assholes. I say let's have Al Ghoulstein put out a daily newspaper here and say goodbye to the heroine of Sun Sentinel. I say, for people with a sense of humor. Haven't had one person yet had the cones yet to go on. I'm sure they heard me describe this ad. This phony ad in screw magazine. Ben and Jerry's Kennedy flavored extra chunky fish food with Carolyn and JFK juniors heads on top of the fish food with body parts. Not one person is called if to say it's disgusting and tasteless. And the fact that you're talking about on here promoting it is even more disgusting and tasteless and we're revolting nausea. I don't hear that. I bet you my animal call and say that, but she's probably watching the services right there. It was definitely unfilvelance in the baby boom generation. Oh yeah, there we go again with a baby boom generation like I see what I've seen you. I know what it's all about. The media compartment lies is everybody. All these phony made cliches. You're a baby boomer. You're a generation, actually. You're an asshole. You're whatever. You know, bullcret. You're a human being. And the year that you were born doesn't determine your attitudes or behavior or whether you're a decent person or a scumbag. Okay. But the media will never believe that because you're a baby boomer. The only boomer I know used to play football. Here's a parade. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. You were right. There was a small boomer in that pharning concept. Yes sir. Really. I was calling because I watched some of that thing on the Kennedy's on a PBS and you had a number to get to tape. I didn't get to see it all. I'd love to get the number to get to the judge. I got a judge. That way 800 number. Okay. We'll dig it out for. I'll give it to you as soon as you're to get some of the put up. Okay. Also just in passing. I guess I'm one of the baby boomers as a refer to them. I remember Kennedy when he got. And whatever. But the idea was was that what has his son ever done? Nothing. Right. Thank you. I'm going to say. Okay. What's that number? I'll give this guy a chance to get a pickup of an instrument. 800. 1,800. 3,28. 7,271. 7,271. The American experience. The American experience. The Kennedy. 3,287,271. Is that correct? 1,800. Okay. So there you go sir. It's. And like I said, it was well done. I saw the second part. 2,292 hours on PBS. It's a four hour thing all together. Well done because it was objective. And it wasn't one of these. Gushy pieces where they romanticized and this whole can a lot of business. And all that's other bull crap. I mean, if these people were your hero, that's fine. I like JFK and RFK too. That was great. And Teddy. But their human beings. They're not royalty. They're stuff still stinks. And they're mortal human beings that do a lot of grotesque and unacceptable things. And think they can get away with anything. And also like we keep telling you, Royald is a British thing. And we always laugh at them for doing it. And we thought like, Warda, so we don't have to have that here. So we don't have to have a guy damn king ruling over us. But at the same time, people are like still, I just amazing to me. Every time I think okay, this is it. They threw the ashes out there with sea. They had five hours of that chipset in the out there yesterday. And I think to myself, this is got to the end. They can't possibly, they can't possibly find any reason. Any justification dragging us out anymore. And you know what? Surprise. Yeah, they got Karen Carpet around there. And I was saying, and we've only just begun. 560, 560, pon 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing? Okay, sir. God's Godfather, question. Yeah. Who won't worry first though? I wasn't aim for the guy that they defed squad in to testify. It gets Michael Florian and Godfather too. An execution here. The old man. Very good. That's natural. Yeah, Frankie, potentially right. Of doubt. Michael was in with that his brother. Yeah. It was between the brothers. Yeah, what was that all about? Well, they had the brother. In other words, they brought the brother in from the old country. And they had a hold of him. Obviously, the was the Frankie, and he'd been tangibly spilled the beans. The brother was going to speak with the fishes, you know? Yeah, I got you. I got you. So I stopped to do when you watched that movie. For both of them. Right. I didn't know no Godfather. I was in the olive oil business with his father. And who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? who? Who? who? who? Who? Andrew. Who? Andrew? You know, who could you say? Is not sounding out? who has a problem with children? but when is the old tradition being here? Actually not having good hands. Even that kind of thing is the old tradition being here. Weiuian is the old and famous for that kind as well. His daughter. realize there ain't nobody here. I mean, there was like wide open sailing. You could have your own lane. You could have your own part of the highway. Here's Boca, hello. Good week to have an election next year. The yes sir. Yeah, I'm Satar to people given Jeff Kay Junior, all this credit for that salute when he was a kid. It's so orchestrated. And what do you resist of make what? What was they significant to that? What's the big deal with that? I mean, if you would have done it spontaneously, would have made it more dramatic, I guess or more. But what was the great significant to that? I don't know. I mean, everybody was supposed to feel sorry for the kids. Well, let me ask you this question. Does anybody formulate an opinion about you based on something you did when you were three years old? I don't think so. Well, when you meet somebody, you ask them, well, let me ask you, is there anything you did when you were like three or four years old that would impress me so I can like, you know, pass judgment on what kind of a person you are? Exactly. I'm a face of it is, did he? I don't get to ask an I. Well, you could see what was coming from him. I mean, Jackie, she literally almost smack this face. Right. You pushed his hand down. You put it up and then it within about two seconds. He crawled his fingers up and pulled it away. He didn't know what he was doing. I don't know. I think we need to just give him a nickname, maybe crash, you think? Yeah, a crash Kennedy. Crash Kennedy's kind of has a ring to it. Don't say the boomer, pal is only one boomer. I would like to Amen. See you. Yeah, I'm just waiting here. And of course, the women out there, oh, that's disgusting. We wouldn't talk to him. But we feel that he's so disgusting and this respect full and these were wonderful people and they never stole a freight train. How do you know? I guarantee if it would have been booze on it, the old man would have stolen it. 560560 and probably Teddy would have drank it. You know what I'm saying? Not that I don't like him, but he's got a little bit of a problem there, which is why he's so red in the post. I don't want to start in about drunk and Irishman again. Okay, they get real uptight about that. It just goes with the territory. They can't help it. Like the people from Sicily, it's in their blood. They can't help that thing. They're nose keeps going off to the side. 560560, 560, 560 on the ADT and T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You're out. Oh, no. Oh, great. Thank you. Thanks for a, there's a rating on my. And thanks for listening to 560 WQA. Glad that yours doesn't see her. I'm pleased. Maybe they could send it over to us. Okay. We could examine it and find out whether his spectrum really stinks or not. Maybe he's related to the Kennedy's and the stuff doesn't stink. That could be. Listen to me, he's just stand by and steam for sofaking and it's Dan. Where everything is out to the high sofaking standards. The selection isn't just huge. It's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofaking surprises aren't just low. There's sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. When I get a strap is helpful, I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me. Get them know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. A staff that's sofaking turdies and prices that are sofaking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Thank you from satisfied customer, Frank and Stein. Sofaking good. You're getting Frankie sofaking good. Okay, it's all in a 31 at 567. What is it at 560? WDQM. I'm a little bit hyper now because they're getting the exciting news that somebody just called it on the website. What is it? The R&R website? The FCC website. Oh, the FCC's got a website. All right. Oh, right. I'm going to get a misinformation on the website, but they don't have any information with their attorneys there. Or are people just stupid? Is that it? So this incident is fine that we're supposedly getting a religious leave for something we played last May, not this past May, but May of 98. And the complaint wasn't filed in May. I'm here anywhere in South Florida. It was over there on a West Coast in Fort Myers. Oh, and it wasn't filed against WQM-560. It was filed against WQM-770. Which used to be WWCN. The Beasley station. The Beasley people are the ones who are going to have to deal with this. And we still don't know what the piece of the material was. How do you like that? I don't say. So we've obviously got some O-Jama pervacitor over there on a West Coast now who's got very serious problems in their life. Great. All we're starting to get a little slowly but surely. Leave it to watch that to pieces together because our management, they're all going around the... The lawyers, the FCC lawyers, the general manager, the program director, they're all going, okay. And by the way, who's this Jigsman Donald guy? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Mr. Rogers, how are you? Great. You know, one thing I haven't heard you talk about is that's some past business. You know, I'm law on a family call after he can not have seven meals a meal in the mill. He ran through and didn't pay the bill. I talked about a channel forward to the piece on a Gary Nelson went through the thing. And a third of the time that he went through, there didn't work. I'm sitting here, man, what I'm going to do? I'm going to take a picture right now. Check and send them to down the bill for it. You know, send them to check too. Okay. I will go there. Good luck, sir. Whatever you said. By the way, luck I said there's nobody in town. So next Thursday would be a great day to have an election, right? So we have like maybe about 100 people vote and 95 of them be from Dave County. Somebody's being paid off, no doubt to vote. Yes. If you do live in Dave County by the way, when you're registered voter and happened to be going to be here next Thursday, no, no, no, be a good idea to keep in mind. No, no, no, over and over again. Vote early. Often you're dead relative to vote two or three times just to make sure this will be on the same side, because you know, they'll be trying to rig it on the other side. 560, 50560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile info. Lauderdale. Hello. Me, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, two things. First off, I kind of feel a little far for that call or how happens like jigsman Donald. I mean, let me tell you, I grew up in New York and I was a Ranger fan. And I would much rather listen to JD and Sam Rose and any day over. Yeah, Sam, we're already JD never let's him speak, but Sam is good. They're pretty good. I mean, I don't know why he should off the Rangers announced their solicum to take that. Well, maybe he may be like that beard. Maybe he had a thing for me. Maybe he's got a jigsman Donald blow up. I'm, you know, something you don't want to hockey fan. I am. I have never spoken to anybody who thought jigsman Donald was good ever. He's a very nice guy. I mean, I've talked to people in the normal. I know him a little bit. He's a great guy, but he's just boring. Exactly. I think you know what he's never done radio. Now, you know, as well as I do that doing hockey on a radio requires a greatly more description than doing television. He's never done radio before. I have a lot of friends who are big honor fans and they couldn't stay in the book in New York. Yeah. Now we have to get them down here and Florida as a guy, boy. You know, can't escape them, but secondly, hey, you know, if my plane would have went down out there, you know, who'd be out there searching for me? Probably my parents might grow up in a robot. Right. And you know, really missing sick is, you know, I turn to the news for a few minutes last night. And of course, the social and this garbage on there. And I got sick of my stomach when I saw all these people waiting outside of the apartment. I might have been too nice to go. And they're crying and he meant so much to us. They didn't even know that they're not based on what? I know, they didn't know this man. They never made it. Man, it's had a great point yesterday. He was saying in Florida where people are generally so unfriendly. Most people don't even know their neighbor's names. You know, next door or two doors down, show even speak to them. And if here's somebody who's a total stranger, you're fine. And they're crying and they're emotional and they're hysterical and they're slumping up their New York with flowers to the house. I'm sorry. I just don't get it. I don't get either. I mean, I don't know if they have a big void in their life. If they don't have anything going on. There are no lives and their lives are totally based on synthetic symbolism. You can't live your life based on symbols. They have to live in a real world. Exactly. I mean, it was a sad situation. And it's a terrible thing to happen. But you know what? You move on a life. And you know, another thing is I don't have to be people. Maybe they haven't experienced any type of death or, you know, their friends are family dying. You know, sure they have. It's weird. It's kind of like, really related real quick to, I mean, I've had some tragedy in my life. I'm 30, but my girlfriend, she's in her 20s and her grandma was 94. And she tells me, well, my grandma is a dad. I don't know what I'm going to do. I said, listen, she lived a full life. You got to be kidding me. You're going to harp on it and let it, you know. And sit there. You're going to be sad for a little while, but then you move on. Right. I think a lot of people can't really see. I have a motto that life is for the living. If you're still alive, you go on and you live your life. You can't cycle. I mean, I'm not sure you can mourn for loved ones. And so on, but there has to be a limited amount of time. And then you have to go on and live. I don't know what you're going to live your life in just sitting there feeling sorry for your song. I mean, it's come on. It's a joke. It's such a joke. And the media doing this whole thing. It just, I guess they feed on these people. Okay. Don't say feed on these people. That's a bad choice of words. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. I'm starting to think about the fish food thing again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. So maybe the reason that they can't find this thing is because the FCC find if there really is one is against W, W, C, N, and not against W, Q, A, M. Since I'm sure that the FCC doesn't consider it, even though they call it Q, A, M, 7, 70. But that's not what the FCC considers it. We've got any verification on it. Are we still walking around going like, like that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Of course, that would teach those easily to think or to just throw this thing on the arrow over there and four mires with all of those repressive right wingers over there. That would teach them a lesson or two. And I think even pay us for putting this material on the arrow over there and four mires. But nevertheless, in fact, I don't see any calls coming in from four mires. Now defending the kind of behavior of some of your cohorts over there. Some of your uptight goodies, shoes, shoes, shoes, uh, pretty assholes, which of course we went off the ear for a while there because they had to put some religious fanatic on there. Who couldn't pay for a show anymore. And then all of a sudden, by poppin' it a man, we had to go back on it and four mires. Here's Kiva's game. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Wouldn't they say that a lot of gas money and a lot of time and energy, if they just left them in the water, were they crashed? Yeah. Didn't they throw their ashes back in the water? That's right. I mean, what's going to happen when Amy Carter dies? Are we going to have to go to this again? No. Nobody cares about her. What do you mean? He's very out of me too, by the way. Wouldn't you think that one of the major channels, you know, non-cable channels would have the guts to have the insinuity to do something different? No. You got a great card about the media. It's a lady saying something about the media. The media is sick. And it's not bad, man. Yeah. And that's Tammy's favorite, otherwise, not any lady. Well, if even she knows it, then everybody should know it. Have a great day, Kyle. Bye. Yeah. That's why I'm stuck with MTV in much music, man. Over and over and over again. Because on your know, I didn't do. I was going to find. I was going to do a pool and find out which, see if you're a Tom Green fan from back in the days when he was on comedy network. You know, I guess they wanted to be pretty good with, you know, both sounds or whatever. But they've shortened it down on MTV. They've cleaned it up. It's a lot more crisp and clear but nevertheless, I thought the open was much better before in comedy. Yeah. That's the time for me. First I take the lock screen or something. I think it's my show. It's my show. It's my show. Being just opening over cracks me up. I don't know about you if you watch the Tom Green show. But just the opening cracks me up. And you older when I wish they would bring it back. It was longer. It was better. Yeah. It's sick. And it's out bad. I'm not sure if the sun's ever said nothing about me or me. Boom. There we go. Hey y'all, my name is France. You Jean Thomas. Friends of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's not some people's out there to think. Just I'd smoke a little marijuana when I was in college. And it wasn't ever been to Pinchoy. Yeah, maybe. Sing out of St. John and Nora, maybe y'all. If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court, yeah, I got it, much. That dude is quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I've been talking. And I don't get to the east. And I don't get to the west. And I don't get why not look up Santerneo cano's dress. Oh, I've been talking. That's so very one. There's a some Sentinel says the gardening label is going to say nothing about weed. So I guess that's okay. Yeah, five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, on the AT&T wireless lines. We keep plotting along here desperately trying to squeeze a little bit energy. A little bit of something out of this little tragic town. We're working on it. We got six hundred open lines now. Let's see if we can't let it couple up. You think so any chance? No. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, the Kennedy's a moving on. They wasted no time in the clean eight in the body. Yeah. You know, but these people, you know, I guess these are the same type of people that would follow Jim Jones And to the right. That's right. Most of them are saying it's pretty hot out here that they can we have some coolies. But to be a Christian evangelist, I mean, the Irish church yesterday. I bet they have played with full. Yeah. I mean, big time money. Oh, yeah. This is good business man. They had a thousand that was an overflow crowd. They were spilling out on the streets. They had our gardeners sing and spill the wine. And today, too, they got flars on the corner. They said five blocks away selling flowers by the church. This is an act of mass insanity. What's going on today? I mean, I don't care what anybody tries to tell me to try to rationalize it. This is an act of mass lunacy. I've been called by my family a man. They said, you have no compassion. This is what I've been told this week. Me. I should go. I'm not a nut. Compassion for a watch for somebody that we didn't even know who didn't affect our lives in virtually anyway. That's what I said. He was a public figure. You know, in the sense he was famous because you're the famous family. Yeah. I said, but other than that, yeah, I feel sorry that young man died, but other than that. What's the, what's the big, Timis? No, let's go to the beach and smile. Don't write. There he go. And the second one says it's okay, by the way. Thank you. Okay. Where did it? You know what I'm saying? Your mom. cigars are bad. Sugar rats are bad, but the wicked weed that's okay because you use those if used in my wrappers. And if you're listening to the wrappers like Madness was yesterday, then you're going to be. All right. Five, six, seven, old. WDQAM. Yeah, Margie. Okay, hold on. Let's go to Margie. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, since when there's a pilot who dies and kills other people, not get on top. She's for drugs. And they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, They, they, they, they, but Kennedy's don't do stuff like that. So that's what happens. Yeah, they happen. Yeah, AKA, chapter quitting. How are you Joe doing, by the way, yeah? Exactly. Exactly. All right. Neil, and I'd also by the way, how's Marilyn doing? Yeah. Let's, let's see. Let's, let's dig up that candle. Okay. So, let's be. Have a great day. How's poor Marilyn Monroe doing anybody? No. Five, six, seven, old five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Goes to show you the passage of time. You know, you're not going to have a lot of time or eyes everything and make it so much more romantic and so much more wonderful and glamorous and, uh, they, I've gotten this for you. It wasn't. It was a time, a period of time and young people were optimistic when there was some hope when we had a lot of idealism. And that's all gone 31 years ago. And if this kid was such a symbol of it to so many millions of people and, well, what have they been doing? If they read a book? No. I mean, if they, uh, they have any idea what's going on? No. No. No more. Here's Naples, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Happy Friday. And back to you, sir. What happened 31 years ago? Bobby Kennedy got assassinated June 6, 1968. Okay, because you mentioned, you know, oh, by the way, I, um, seven, I don't know what the, you know, this suit is about, but I, well, like today I'm listening to you on seven, seven because it's cloudy, but, you know, usually on five, sixty. You think you get Christian bashers. Um, before you, these two guys do a Howard wannabesha. Uh-huh. And I mean, they're really gross. Really? They go. And then, um, five o'clock into Hank or Manichu, who's ever there, comes this, um, kind of like sports guy who's just like, kind of, he pushes the envelope to and he thinks it's, I mean, so many, these Christian ladies just go berserk. So I, I don't know what the suit is, but they do a lot of provocative stuff. And for these, you know, everyone here migrated from the Midwest. Yeah. So I mean, like, they're just like so much of the two shoes. Yeah. A religious, but back to this Robert Kennedy thing, you know, like you saw the documentary, and all, okay, you know, all I want to say, what, okay, I kind of like Jack a little, and I had a lot, I like Ted a lot. Yeah. What did you like about Robert? What did I like about him? Yes. Was the fact that he came from, who was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. And he was on the car. He's the kid. Right. That's right. But he went away from that. He went after the mob. He went after Jimmy Hoffa. He did a complete turnaround. He actually started to get some real serious values. He started to empathize with the, with minorities and with the poor when Martin Luther King got killed. For the next couple of months that he was alive when he was running for president, the primaries. He was like the one last great, the hope for all of these people. I mean, you know, he really did a tremendous evolutionary turnaround from where he started from where the, from where the old man was to where he wound up. I have to agree with that. But the old nepotism kind of fit in there. I mean, I mean, only the Kennedy's would have had an initiative that in that piece of the night. Only the Kennedy family would have had the hoods, but for JFK, the name his brother was attorney general. Nobody else would have had the balls to do that. Well, not to mention, what about the piece that was a great piece. What about the fact that Joe, you know, well, I mean, once you start mentioning Joe, you talk about Joe McCarthy and Henry Cobb, Kevin Lodge, who was running against Junior, who's running against Kennedy for the Senate. Right. Joe McCarthy would back go to, you know, go to bed with him and Kennedy just like very slimly, you know, one that election. Right. But I guess I told you to speak. Well, we don't know that could have been a fixed election too. I mean, we're fine. We were on there. More than six elections in this country that you shake your thing at. But the point is, we got the same thing happening now with this bush factor. Yeah. It's all, you know, like name recognition and the family and all right. That's right. You know, most people in this country don't have any idea what George W. Bush stands for on any of the issues. And you know, every time they take a poll, oh, yeah, he's great. We're all for a bush. You know, America loves bush. Well, the fascinating thing about his father with which very few people know. Is that he was the president of Planned Parenthood and taxes. He was like, number one baby killer, you know, like, if anybody researched this in six months before, you know, he accepted the nomination. He went pro-choice because he wanted to be vice. The only reason Reagan picked him as vice president. He said, hey, listen, man, you got to go pro-life. I mean, if that's not the most unshoist, most hypocritical things. So, and everybody thinks that George W now, it's just such a, it's pathetic. It's pathetic. And, and, and what about Joe and this anti-Semitism? I mean, you're a guy who, okay, he had money. He got into Harvard. Oh, why are we rehashing all of this? I mean, everybody knows that by now. It's been on 50 million times in the last week. He was a virulent anti-Semitism. I never met a nut not that he didn't like. And don't confuse these two. Let's flash in these pictures on there of the whole Kennedy clan, with the old man in the middle and everything. And everybody's not, oh, oh, you know, I don't ask me, man. I can't explain it to you. Don't confuse the public with the facts. You'll feel a lot better. I, well, I bet I'll, I'll, I'll let him. And give our regards to the beesleaks, by the way. I'll the bee-slee racists. Yeah. There you go. Have a great day. The beesleaks. Watch, you'll be something. I mean, it's noon. It's just a few minutes before noon. And here we are. Well, in the day, we still have, and we found anything out yet about this. That's an R and R. I also didn't business those what it's really all about. But for some reason, our people are still walking around here and George is handing the program director stuff that he's getting on the phone. Ehh! Yeah. So they're getting it from us. We're having to do the Charlotte Holmes legwork on us to try to find out what it's all about. But it sure is how wouldn't surprise me if that's the truth. A bunch of crackers over there and four mires, a bunch of those good, two shoes religious basings, we've got nothing better to do. The Hocker-Chinaquad FCC because they're offended by this show and look to stir up a bunch of crap and you know something? Hey, these are the ones that stuck it on over there. So where it goes? Just like when we were on here in Tampa for those two awful years and had to put up with that in the end of the mentality over there. Oh, God. See, I hate to break the news to you whether it's the Cox people or the measly people. This isn't a West Coast Florida show. You know what I'm saying? This isn't really what it's all about. Probably have some people who's not a 770 over there who like to show and mainly we put it on over there because when Dick Burton comes on vacation, then he can hear a little clearer than here in 560. Either way, if he heard from Dick, no. How did it a long time? We sure missed Dick. Here's Weston. Hello. Weston. Yes, I know. Yes, sir. I like to praise you because you hit everything on me. I don't call in that much. I'm listening to you more than I call in. Yes, sir. You hit the nail on the head about the Kennedy thing and about the thing about sugar. I'm a sugar smart guy. I don't smoke that much, but what you said is one of the things correct because it's just like a newspaper, it's their information not to brainwash us or not to do what you said. Right. And you, it's just everything that gives us the news. Just give us some information. Give us the ball scores. Tell us if anybody important died this week. If we got any wars going on, and other than that, let us make our own decisions. Exactly. Okay. I'll see you at the public. Okay. I like one of for me. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T while this line is 1154 to I am and by the way, kiss you missed it. George magazine was really his way of trying to make politics relevant. Oh. Oh, I'm telling you. I can't. I think 30 more seconds of it. I'm going to crumble. I'm going to lose it. I just can't handle any more, but I can't stand it. In fact, I'm taking my remote now. I'm not looking at the screen. I'm going to let's see. 355 is CNBC. At least I can see what the star. I got a point at the star. Oh, yeah. I saw it again. On a market, down again, 39 points. And then as the X down 2 and a half that's duty first thing. 331, that's MTV. How's that doing? 339, the much music got some videos going. 339 got some videos actually going. Oh, what's that news show they're going to have nakedness or what they call it? Yeah, I told them to do that. What's that? That's up with that. And there must be listening to me at MTV. I said if they show a bunch of naked teenagers on there naked young people, they have 90 shares and they're starting to do that. That's what people want to see. I don't want to see. What is this garbage that you get me in there? Now, the top 10 countdown here on VH1 where they play some marginal. Again, this we got crap. Okay. At least that's an improvement over having CNN on there and having to see all that stuff. Oh, I mean, how many times can they do it? They must think there's a lot of crazy people out there. Yeah. I think there's a lot of a breakdown assholes out there that just can't get enough of this stuff. You, you want to thought that something so guy didn't important happened in the last few days here, like like the world was coming to an end. You would have thought that we were already head over heels into. Why? Okay, or something. I want to talk about something great. Ben and Jerry's fish food. Now, I'm not talking about the one algal stein he eats a lot of it. In fact, the algal stein may be the number two Ben and Jerry's fan in the world after me. I'm the one that turned him on to it. I'm not going to talk about this tasteless ad because they certainly wanted distance themselves from that by a long shot. But nevertheless, if you haven't had fish food, man is it great. Oh, God. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I hear the things you're talking about. You're right away. If it is fake, you're wrong. If it's over us, back to the other side. If it's the week, it's the day. And you're hiding inside the world, I'm sorry for not being taught to this, but for you, I'm sorry for not being taught to this. Hey, Mickey, tell me why you're still in circumcisey winking. And we need to pretend to be with us, and when you dream, there's gentle provision, to tell the nothing, that may be out of the blood of the world that wears your eyes. For the pure force of an enemy, you like the sky, and your special sky, you like the sky, and I know who you're running for now. You're not going to be in the world, and you're not going to be in the world. You're not going to be in the world. You're not going to be in the world. Follow two at five, sixty, WCWM happy Friday, baby. I'm having a good time. I'm having a good time. Here I'm saying, just like magic said, I'm having a good time. That's just you for the candle, the show, remember? The magic show? He was having a good time. He only probably everybody else was having a real bad time. And thanks, everybody else was also having a good time, because they turned to show off. Oh boy, we're not in mourning over here. I hate defend makes us bad people too bad. Okay. If anybody's offended by the fact that I have no sympathy in my heart today whatsoever for any of this crap, that's it. My first reaction was, she isn't that bad. I bet they're all dead. And then that's a shame. And now what? Now what? What else is it? How come there can't be more millions of us who say, it's a tragedy. It was an accident, you know, something it means nothing to us. It means nothing, not a little, but nothing zero. I'm being as honest as I possibly can. It means nothing to me. There are wonderful people who die every day. There are young people. There are children who get murdered by their parents, who get murdered by stray bullets. And nobody makes the kind of, they miss their entire lives, are stolen from them. And nobody anywhere in the media or any place else, makes the big, timid's about it like it's going on right now. Because if you have a lot of money and you have a famous name, right away everybody in the world is supposed to get down on the ground and have a nervous breakdown and weep until they can't weep anymore. Why did I weep? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. And you, yeah, you're right. Okay. Neil, I just want to say no to Alex Keneflas. I mean, it's good. And I just want to say your number one, Neil Geos. I got the couple of the year though. Yes. Alex Keneflas in Ricky Martin. Oh yeah. In fact, that's who Ricky made me kiss him on a plane now that you mentioned it. Yeah, that'll be a little bit great when the White House, huh? Okay. Thanks, pal. Thank you. Yeah, it's a matter of fact, I think that if we can get Alex to be in it to be Vice President with Mr. Boor, or Goor, that would be fantastic. Then we could put a tax on every highway on like the street and we could have victim on the street where you live. It's going to be a tax on every inch of roadway all over the country. Put up toll boots on the corner so you can't get out of your house. You're crazy, man, Alex. That's all I can tell you. And if you think the public is going to vote for this thing next Thursday, I think I hope I pray you got a real bad surprise coming. And by the way, don't get sucked in. It wouldn't shock me at all. If in the next six days between now and next Thursday, all kinds of horrible things happen on the roadways here. We have tie ups at the toll boots. And we have, you know, enormous frustration is being planned. For you right now because they're definitely the first wave of it. And you notice after a couple of days of the people paying the 50 cents instead of 25, you notice how life seems to be going right on now. Except for the fact that those roads, the tolls are down 20 percent because people said screw you, we don't want to pay 50 cents. We'll find alternative ways to get to where we're going. So they're actually going to wind up losing money in the long run. Because this guy's up plus. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I never really called him before. Yes, it's, well, yes or what, once is enough. Once the king always took king. 560, 5060, pound five 60, on the mobile one line. Here's North Miami, hello. Yeah, I don't have. Okay, sir. What the hell was John John doing up in the plane when he knows nothing about he is. And he's controlled in here. Oh, yes. What is it? So what the hell he was doing up in the plane when he was. He was talking about the mission. You know, he was never caught up already before. But no, no, no, no. 560, 5060, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. You know, I tried to tell that guy when he called the first time, which is, I think this is his third time now. I mean, he's probably a real good guy that when we just head on there. That he's just, his voice is just a little bit too. And you know what I'm saying? Good guy, but yeah, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just listen is what I'm trying to say. Please keep listening to 560 WQM or 770 WQM over there on the West Coast where the rumors, they just got fine 35 grand by the FCC. That's the rumor, okay? And here it's seven minutes after 12. Have we heard any more about this? No. For anybody in this corporation? No. No. And Greg still run enough and down the hall going. Eeeeh. Like that. I mean, one thing, that ought to be our motto, okay? WQM were the last to know. It doesn't know whatever it is, fill in the blank, were the last to know. Oh, Jason McDonald's, the name is an answer for the Panthers, where'd you read that? Palm Beach Post. Oh, I guess I better call somebody and find out. I mean, and I'm not making that up either. Those are the exact words. I better call somebody and find out. Nobody's telling us any of this stuff. Just unbelievable, you know? What an embarrassment. Right. And he's on vacation and even he knows it. 560, 1050, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on a mobile one line. We got about 2, 300 open lines here between now and 2. Jim Adogman, the, yeah. As Sue, who's right hot, he's smoking, he's dangerous. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I have a bikini situation. Let me tell you the only, I don't throw a party because you're the two-pilestie. But if it was only him, I would throw a party. And let me tell you why. Yes. His grandfather was used to runally clearly. Right. He's the brawler of his grandfather used to bring heroin to this country. And that's the latest in the elaborative congress. Yeah. The father is a murderer because he was the one who started being a non-warren. He don't have the goals to send to win that award. He used to send few soldiers at the time to get killed. They don't buy off a bikini, what's the trader? Then top of that he's seen on his wife when Jacking on ass is. He's seen our daughter, who marries him more role. And one guy in the picture is that. And when he got tired of modeling more role, he gave it to his brother. Right. He's brother. They might be the past of maroon. I mean, they're not nice families like to share his brother. You said he's been nothing wrong in the neighborhood. I never said his brother did nothing wrong. Wow. You obviously have a great love for the community. What? I admired him for a lot of things that he did. And we're not going to change my mind. My hysterical professional Bay of Cube, Bay of Cube and the pigs. Whatever the hell it is. Oh, there's Greg Reed. Greg's not an announcement, by the way. About that thing. Eeeeh. Thank you. Well, actually, he's not really concerned about the fine. All he's concerned about is that picture and very Jack has his colonist morning. In fact, not only did we sue Waffen, we're still in Barry Jack and in the hero for putting that picture in there this morning. As they continue trying to make us look as bad as they possibly can. It wasn't bad enough. They put that other article on a front page of the newspaper about a station at 1900 on the dial and nobody can pick up. At least one thing about that station, they'll never get fined by the FCC because nobody can hear it. Oh. So what was it was on a west coast that we find out for sure is that the story or not, or we still don't know. We start. Hey, look at this. You see, I think I'm joking. He just went, yeah. They can't get on the site. We had a listener call in who read to us the information from the FCC website. But we here at WQAM, the B's Lee Reed broadcast people. We can't get on the website. And you want to know why? Probably because we didn't pay our net to go out. When do you think we could trade it out with mind-spring for example? So we could hop on there right away, which happens to be the next spot by the way. What a segue man. You still haven't lost it. You don't say. Thank you. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. No more will he rise. Yes. No more doctor. On the end of the prize. Smalls. Won't you anymore. No. But God he would. Go first for sure. We love both. We were so the accultry dot. All right. We love both. They can't take it like they did. Five. The boys gone underground. We're no man has gone before. And phones. We're going on this trip. Especially when. He said, scavenged him. Get phones. We're going to miss you. Oh. 15 to 5. There's a guy that's admired by millions. Volums he dies. Make a big timmish about him. No. They have days and days to cover John TV. No. Why is that? 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. Different. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 7. 9. 6. 5. 7. 6. 6. 7. 5. 6. we got a call last night at the house right around the entire time from some some guy from the mining opera association something saying please vote on the time you know you do understand that's illegal that's your Richard Friedman who's one of the only decent people in the county with a brain he's he's soon everybody in sight and writing them threatening letters because that's illegal the money operand all these other the space-ranted planet term this they they operate on public funds the right not for profit organization it's against the law for them to for the list of solicit votes on a part of the issue like this they can't do it against the law it just it hurts me so much you know so many businesses are gonna lose money to brod or to cattle dogs at the internet right that's right and a person in business in date county who votes yes on this thing is like try to commit suicide it just hurts me but anyway anyway your frequency is deviating and you're splattering okay and god bless you now go to the product all of it okay don't be talking about the john john that way you're splattering that's bad five six seven five sixty pont five you know this I'm really shocked course all those people turn me off anyway this week they're pissed off at me all those great limousine liberals you know hey too bad you know you got to get a life sooner later that the limousine liberals that's absolutely correct the one I want a lot of rights for all these people that want them in their neighborhood but they want to make sure that they get equal rights where we go and here's a yeah they have to write to live anywhere they're much as not in your neighborhood I understand here's poppin oh hello yes sir will you go to the racetrack in poppin oh yes do you go up 95 no okay there is something there is something that I saw the other day that I'm ready get your pupa ready when you go up north by the yeah when I think that I get a step ahead of you tonight oh you're gonna have you're gonna hit that two or three more times when I get done telling you about the size yeah okay when you go in north on 95 you get off Atlantic Boulevard you'll see a building on the west side of 95 of the bus over gold yeah set across the top for over a year and a half jet bush for governor so the other day I'm gonna go from Atlantic Boulevard south down 95 towards Fort Waterdale yeah I get on I see they're taking the letters down I said oh thank God for that guess what it says now George W Bush for president and it still isn't enough wow I enjoy if you are going up 95 or anybody going up 95 when you're going towards Atlantic Boulevard we're gonna just look close your eyes for a few seconds yeah it's so freaking sad it's ridiculous oh my god and um right I I it's it's a this brings that but would say the portrait never stopped you're right you know all right have a good weekend I see you see in the real world get some good looking people by the way in a real world in the road kill and stop at this crap because we're all watching MTV now we want an escape what am I watching by the way my I'm much music these things are as expensive leaner you can I do you like that there's something there for everybody right Nick and what's his brother's name Jeff Nick and Jeff and then of course there's the well it's really the same one and the whole of those huge longest watermelon's what I don't say that don't say teach on here because they'll get all upset on a west coast again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty seriously Greg is so upset about that picture in the Harold this morning that he's just walking around a hallway just going nuts oh wait till he finds out oh I better not say it on the air wait till the Harold people find out that the water nuts he's got an old picture of Greg picking his nose and I'm sure for the right price I mean you know they're pretty tight but for the right price anybody will do anything if she would release that to the Harold they could put that on the front page or maybe they could put it next to the race results WQAM General Manager pixel winner you know I can just see that coming soon anything to make everybody look like bows those but of course one good thing where he's got his going form is when you look at his ugly pushing there with his hair flying and the wind you look just above it and there's that putt face berry jackass oh god looking like a chip mug in heat like he's got a mouthful of elephant dropping wow what a jackass in my life I can't imagine anybody walking up to me out of the blue and introducing them so then saying you know a lot of what you say about me on the radio is true yeah that's exactly what he said and I handed him my copy of the Toronto Sunwich I had finished with I was at the airport that day and I said here if you ever read this paper before now I said here reading where I find out what a real newspaper is all about very and you kind of waddle off looking at it like what's this oh here's Miami hello yes sir did you uh get a chance to see the metal in burial here is that I know where what was that on I didn't see it I looked at uh kind of clock ABC oh ABC I thought it was A&E I looked at A&E and they had some other crap on it it's like 20 20 but it's vanished it's every week they have show I got you it was very good dammit and they they pretty much feel that they they have the the guy they think that killed them but not he's not in jail for killing them he's in jail for something else but they the only thing is they haven't found the bodies incredible but uh and the other thing is they're not seeing a rule out the barrel well the other thing is there's money missing over a million dollars they put in a new thing New Zealand the bank account and then there was other money that they came in and who put it in New Zealand bank account according to this report the Murray's put money into a new thing the Zealand bank account and we're planning to leave the country yeah according to this report uh and then what happened was they got there's a month after they left there's a month where they believe they were with this guy and they came to feel that they weren't there you know under the rest they were there with the guy and then after a month later then then they feel that's what they they got murdered maybe that's where they'll find all the money under her dress if he looked and have a great day fine I think the good news I mean she was certainly big enough she was a monster in the anti-religion business so anyway I got the thing from our friend Eric uh come on Eric all of that that's back so she was so slow it says the only information available is the following on the FCC business WQAMAN Naval's Florida see not to be confused with us here in the Miami issue notice of a parent a parent liability for for for for two or thirty five thousand dollars for broadcasting allegedly in decent material during broadcast of the new arrived your show on May 20 at 21st 22nd 25th and 26th nineteen ninety eight between teniam and two p.m. action by the commission by letter ericity called the FCC and they said the full document is available yet because it has been indexed yet wouldn't you think that our attorneys might begin some information from them instead of being on a website and being all over the rest of the world this is unbelievable and being in our in our so that's uh that so the uh the web MCC website is jammed right now which is great which means everybody in america's on air look at the sea what what did he say we still don't know and we still don't know what that was yeah maybe it was for saying that oh don't say it more than once five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one i'm not really given to be the reason to do over there in a west coast you know give a little something occupied their time don't you just do that here's a lady mobile in a pepper pine cello hi mael yes man i have a few things to discuss with you today do you have the time yes i do oh good right so all i want to honor to say how much i enjoy George when you're away so they need you off the air just put George right in there because i really do enjoy it yeah let me stare another thing i heard you yesterday talking about North Carolina and how nice the people are and you know they are very nice to you as long as you're out of your car let me tell you if you have to learn a tag on your car they heat you like poison right well kind of layman for that no i guess i can't you know could want to use to drive and through the mountains and stuff but i thought we were going along at a pretty good clip and we were getting lift off and i should not don't don't misunderstand many many many years ago i drove two north Carolina i never stopped there i went to a very fast robby Sweden i'm not the one making the case for it i was just quoting somebody else is talking about that because i would that would be one of the last places that i would ever go with being north Carolina or south Carolina well it's an it's a nice place the western smoking out in areas lot of fun nice place to see but you would want to linger too long exactly right also after a lot of resisting and um and procrastinating i finally started the act in fire right why is it that you did you stay on it or that you don't stay on it for like a long time because it's very boring i mean i don't want to you know pee on your parade but it's very monotonous and also as far as snacking or like you know satisfying your appetite in between meals there are so few choices i mean how much beef jerky can you eat and how many uh there's just not very much there you know it just gets monotonous well i can go up a bit huh i can eat a lot of beef jerky okay yeah no but seriously they have these noodles it's like a dandwich bars and oh and play your tummy reading the actions advantage bars hey they're better than pork rinders no they're not i've smelled some dog i'm so fucking dropping that was better than that well i don't think it's too bad but don't burst my bubble because i'm trying to think that it's like a little bit of things are delicious man they'll just keep you going for days and i'll lose all the weight and i'll stay on the diet forever right yes you will it's not a diet yet it's a way of life okay which might be which might be new doctor by the way doesn't like it and i really don't care whether you like it or not because i'm still gonna do it because if that's because it brings my cholesterol my triglycerides weigh down and my blood sugar as well which he doesn't seem to understand well i speak to him again i'm gonna have to explain that to him but then why are there so many doctors and health professionals against this diet well but it's changing most of the new diets are very much like a high protein and low carb or no carb well if you read the book it makes a lot of sense and that's fine finally change my mind i'm gonna give it a shot good luck sweetheart bye bye but star is the foringist person that you ever view wing and pick and then is more no once for more economy why doesn't i Sometimes the fate you've expressed in his healing life If you stuck with him then one hour seems like life The story is the boringest sentence that you've ever used The story is the boringest sentence goes for a tip or two Only once more wouldn't end him for nothing But he'll come to life, inspiration guys would like to go in The story is the boringest sentence that you've ever used The best part about this is it's for real, it's the beast Hey listen at morning sure the same effect on most of us Prop 33 at 5.60 WQAM so Eric from our website up there in Orlando from MealRogiz.com is not the Eric that's I'm sure that is Who's I wonderful human being thank God for him we wouldn't have any idea what's going on in the world He says it's that West Coast station over there the beasley people They're the ones put all a crap on here last not this past May but may of 98 During the show in fact you know something maybe wasn't even something that we played Maybe with something they got to be in there because we have no idea what to talk about Exactly what they're talking about not that you come right down with Wouldn't surprise me we got there a bunch of perverts over there Here's a mobile in Miami hello Yes sir Couple things can't find that the can type been in Jerry's ice cream I hear you have a guy today. I can't find any place can't find Ben in Jerry's ice cream No, no, no, the can't find I haven't ever had that yet. No I haven't even I haven't even heard that but looking for yeah, well the people that see that's the idea I think they make up some of the names to just to keep you in there looking and look and then when you can't find He's all okay. I have two three points of fish food and the triple caramel chunk and just to tie me over I tried something new and you can save your money. It's called coconut cream pies forget it. Yeah, I've had that when it first came out Not one of my favorites. It's on what a comment comment you made the other day and that is on the rewarding of mediocrity Yes, I am so sick of seeing these bumpers figures with all these my kids and honorals student all the crap It's the worst when I saw was everyone's the winner of this elementary school. That's part of the problem Not everybody can be a winner. There's winners and there's not everybody can be a genius I'm telling you take a look at our management Kids are going up there. What's the matter? I can't be loser. I've got a bumper sticker. It says I'm old What he said was it's Ging pond or something like that That's what he said. I got a little carried away, but he's right. You're absolutely right here But don't say it again because the FCC the word place to get really upset about that. Especially if they hear about it or on the west coast See the confusion here is that they're using which I don't understand how that works But they're using their call letters over and Naples which used to be WWCN and they could just drop that and just say 770 all sports radio but instead they're saying WQAM 770 over there. They've been saying that for quite a while now And quite frankly we aren't that crazy about being an even though it's also owned by the same company We don't want to be associated quite that closely with anything going on in four miles. Don't take it personally over there But we really don't want to be associated quite that closely with anything that's going on over there on the west coast You know what I'm talking about? I think you do you know what I'm saying? Oh yeah him too 560 5050 pound 560 animal will one line all do we miss those two years in Tampa and WSUN? No, we miss them like a broken leg. No, oh man Wow The guy from Lutz and then there was the chronic the died there was a rose and what was the other guys name? We have a that thing in here. Oh from your portrait real bill. Oh boy. What do you remember? You got wow Of course I've played Bill and Rose that would be bad right now. That's supposed to say rose anybody even else wife because it's Rose Kennedy anybody You give a first name because there's so many in the family anyway like William Kennedy Smith. He's there right now He's the new Kennedy poster. He's out there pulling the public as many as he can get away with that's a word black said What's that under it's got to be in here somewhere Bill and Rose why we still I could find that Bill from Newport Richie I'll find it you mark my words. What will come across it? Here's my email. Yes sir. I was an Arnold rest Saturday's paper. I believe we were Saturday or Sunday Listening to ten top contributors to the kind of campaign for the polls. Yeah, no talk and the top two beyond my belief Was F. I you and Miami Day Community tower. You both contributing a hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Based on what purpose for the campaign for the advertising. I understand why it's me. I don't know what would it would have to school But always raising tuition there always poor Mori. Yeah, I'm off given a hundred fifty thousand dollars each for a bullet campaign Yeah, I don't know I think somebody should stick to knows in that woman. I think so it was a very small little rectangle That they would have most of the companies where you know law firms or contractors or people look to make a buck under the day. Okay, thanks for the warning man Okay, yeah, I'll tell you what good weather. I'll look at the list of you farting here pretty girl saying don't ever do it. I do like that Bill from Newport Richie rest in peace Well, you think we got chronic so over here, which we have a few but boy. They're whole thing over there was based on Christ, which is why WSU went is not playing Ukrainian melodies or something They've gone through more format changes on that thing. There were some al casting the sports station They were playing the music of your life if you're older than a hundred. I mean, god willing those what they're doing now Oh, you know what they are doing now because somebody fascinating about this they are a simultaneous team station Yeah, there's some the station over there. It's got like part local and part CNN and their final casting the TV station 24 hours a day on what used to be WSU went over there in Tampa Wow So it does make any difference whether it's the Cox people or the measly read people. It's still all same much a crack That's what happens when you know the FCC there's so worried as somebody say gonna say crap on here, but at the meantime They're turning it into a monopoly roulette for people like Paxon and queer channel and all these other great robbers who couldn't give a crap less about the public 21 before one at five sixty w two and by the way before you do the spot how is it like I said the Greg how is it if it was a year ago may And they've made this determination now. How is it that there haven't been letters back and forth between a commission and the measly station over there because that's the way it works. They notify you and then you have a chance to respond and they investigate etc. And so on and they're over there. I'm like that. Maybe they don't open their mail over there. Oh, that's right. It might be a bill. Excellent point Oh, and you think you think we're joking about that, don't you talk to our good friend Harry or whatever his name is up there in a Belmont, New Jersey. You want a great cigar just say to the a sonson. Let's our new model. Okay, just say to the Harold, just say to the sonson. The cigars need warning labels. You know something you know a cigars are not something that is smoke 50 of every day. It's a nice treat once in a while. You know what over do it. No problem. And of course we don't inhale. If likely you will. And now a public service announced the representative of the IACC the International Association of Coal and Cowboys. We add the citizens across America to donate whatever you can to start an alternative club to the boy scout. America. But pirates of the Caribbean will give young men an opportunity to experience the fun and camaraderie of exciting outdoor activities such as sailing, camping and my favorite. We need to get them a chance. Give what you can. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay, here's Jeff Cohen from Pizza Lough at our lunch today. Now let's see Jeff's reaction to this tasteless and from our gold statements from magazine to the. Okay. I don't think he understands it yet. What does that mean? Oh, he said it was in port taste. This is the world's biggest pervert that we ever met in our lives and he said it's in port taste. We believe him. No. Stephanie doesn't know that yet. Okay. Once in a while you're not cooperating. Okay. See puts on a good edits in very port taste. Why are you in mourning because you're missing part of the pregame sure right now on CNN and all the other network affiliates. They're in a pregame. And I hear they're going to bring in some very important dead people do the narration of the actual ceremony. I mean, I hate to break the news to you, but these people are ready to ashes are already floating in the Atlantic out there, but they'll let him that confuse anybody. I'm sorry. Five six seven you're such an asshole. Five six seven. Oh, five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and store it. Hello. Yes, sir. What's happening? I don't know. You know, personal thing, but what's your relationship with the child and King pizza and garden state and all that here? What do you mean what are my relationship with the sexual thing that I've been here ever more times? What's the big deal with that? Well, I hear you speak of it off from that area. I haven't been there any of you as well. I would never go back. I mean what's the point? I was there a couple of times was all right. I know that but I was wondering if you had that word right. What? I was just wondering if you have a word there if you lived there. No, I did not. I've just, you know, when you go on vacation in Philadelphia, cherry hells are a good place to stay. It's pretty deep to death by now. Right now, yeah. Played out. They had all the shfarts as moving. Okay. Well, let's have a great day, sir. Oh, God. Must be my pizza loft allergy. I haven't even started eating yet. I haven't put anything in my, I think was my allergy his reaction that thing. He's the first person that hasn't peed in his pants when he saw that screw magazine thing. And that's because he's not worried about that. He's too off-site about Stephanie and how can he's not getting all he wants with his raven and saffotite. 560, 560, pound 560, unimobile one line. Here's Weston. Hello. Yes, sir. Your station was fine 35,000 dollars or something. What is it? Your station was fine. Oh, not our station. The station over in Naples. Our sister station. I thought for sure was that sofa king thing. No, that is so funny. But, um, I'm CNN and all these days. Oh, this is where stuff we played last year may have 98. Oh, I feel on what it is. Did they ever find you for bit to dollar? They pre-approved or something. 10 years since we've been fine for anything. So I was watching all these stations. Incredible. Who was this guy that died? I mean, like, if he was kind of an ugly or guy in his name with Steve Kennedy or something, you didn't see any of this. Incredible. I mean, and I have all these old-age reporters are trying to act real somber and all these stuff. Trying to say the right thing. And, uh, they're happening. You know, the right thing to say at this point would be good. By and have a great day. And now let's get out of some important news and move on with our lives. They have any right thing to say. They're enjoying every minute. Okay. That's just a great day. Okay. Two calls left at a board. She grew a rollin' along here pretty good today, but I have a feeling we've hit a trick wall. Well, that's because it's getting really close to an appriegain show now. So all these people have turned us off. And that's not because it's July. And everybody's out of town. I thought that's what it was. The reason it's been kind of a bumpy week is because they're all busy watching this crap. That's the embarrassing part. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Maybe if we were just pot it up, you know, maybe that would bring the audience back. Take a pull on that if we could just pot up CNN. About Emcy. We didn't as Bernie said at the moment ago, we haven't seen Caroline's sanity Shlossberg's Her identity sister come out. It may well be that she left the side entrance. Well, let's go to the side entrance and see, okay. Let's rush right over there. Let's get to many can and go to the side entrance and get a peek and see if she's on her bicycle again today or what's going on with Caroline. Airbnb, little hair, Airbnb, no, Airbnb, cranny anything that says Kennedy on it. Okay, just unbelievable. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Mobile in Kendall. Yes sir. I got a little some. I can really hear it sounds like you're in a prone position on a four pass. Yeah, but not too good. Okay, what if the penguin and John of Kennedy Jr. Have them coming. Okay, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in four miles. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, so I'm coming through the Miami area and I listen to you putting a sound over there in four miles. Not going on. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, we don't appreciate that stuff over there. You know, we're appreciate it. No, I mean, you know, the bees all live over there. Miami was such a wonderful place. I got a news for you. We wouldn't let the bees leave in over here. That's the reason they're over there. We wouldn't let those people in here. Okay, you know, they didn't like all you butts that were over there. Yeah, they moved over to four miles. That's why you're listening to the show in four miles number one. And number two, that's why they put us on the ear because they don't like all those butts stabbers. Hey, he doesn't have any toys over there. He's only got two programs on the AMBODY. Yeah, well, come to get a real radio station. Okay, pal. Why don't you fight a real life? Okay, we have one call up in a board and then it's audio for the week five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Jeff Cohen is in here making as much noise as he possibly can. Rattling us stuff around. I won't say you're doing it. Here's a mobile in the bokeh. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Hey, what do you think of Jack Rams? Yeah, as a commentator for Miami Heat. I'll care about the Miami Heat. Jack Ramsy. I couldn't care about Joe Ramsey. I couldn't care about it. Call one of the sports nerd shows. Okay, call up the mad dog this afternoon. And probably hang up on you too. That was the last call we had was about freaking Jack Ramsy. When are you sports nerds going to get a life? There's something important going on a world right now. The set of cream and family is planning a separate service. See, there you go. Five, six, seven, five, six. I get the feeling. I mean, I got an hour and eight minutes to go here, but I get the feeling that I'm kind of like losing control of having any kind of a show here today. I could be wrong. It's seen this started about and what did you just throw out? Do you just throw out that magazine? Where is it? Oh, this man. This man is out of control. Stephanie, you better start cooperating with Jeff Cohen pretty soon. Okay, he is out of control. Need some serious action. Very, very soon. Here's Daniel. Hello. No. Yes. Okay. Okay. Here's a mobile and old color red, Jello. How's abortion clinic? You right when we scrape? Okay. Here's Cooper City. Hello. How are you? I'm getting irritated. Here's what I'm dying. No other standards. We're only getting irritated because I'm just a sideline here for the moment. I have to agree with you on this whole situation, especially with the amount of money that the government spent. It wasn't a slab in the face, then they go very mad. Why don't they just like, you know, throw two flowers out there and just say, you know, that's why only just go on with our lives. They realize it's a difficult concept for most people to grasp and the media can't grasp at all because they don't want to because they're going to squeeze their exploits for every time they can get why can't we go on with life. Are there any other news coverage? Anything else happening anywhere? No. No. No. It's not at all. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. No earthquakes. There. Nothing else going on. Nobody's dying. Nobody's also getting shot. There were no crimes being committed. There are no injustices, Congress isn't dealing with any important issues. Forget about it. This is the only thing that's going on in the world. Whatever somebody dies. They said the astronauts up there this morning. Nobody gives a crap about that. Okay. They'll probably have five seconds up into the flight. They start getting nervous. That's not important news. And you know, as most of the time, I have a shuttle launch that goes on all day long. We started to replay. They got about four seconds of that. Now we've got to go back to the pre-futurals show. Don't you remember the days where you have the shuttle countdown? Right. I mean, you know, we don't have enough seconds for maybe only a three second countdown. So we got used to televised the landings and when it was taken off, who was on it. How many kids they have? People die in a board every day. I mean, it's said the way they died. But this guy, he took the risk. You know, I, it's just like, if I had no way, if I just got my pilot license and I'm just going wild trips and I don't know what I'm doing. Why don't you just wait for the way to clear up? It's not the point. It's laying, but hey, the blame is where it is. And whether they were away to where, but it's over now. And then he's going to have to go to a week ago tonight. And I'm from New York, but how could all these people in New York go by our strangers house just leave stuff? You know, I'm sure it's going to be a decent share. So right away, here's Ted Kennedy's on there again. And his hair is still white. So have a great weekend. So there's the bulletin for you. Teddy's hair is still white. 567560, POM560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Here's the mobile and four waterdale. Hello. Hey, I just can't tell you to leave the Kennedy family taking a beating over this. Not that I'm not tired. Not tired of hearing it. But I'm just tired of hearing how Jack and Joe Gettin. How unethical they were to get in Jack elected and what the family to me felt like a horrible family. So it made us sound. Well, what do you mean you're tired of hearing in other words, you're too much of an emotional cripple to deal with the truth? Is that what you're saying, sir? I just said the enough of it or I'm not probably. Who cares? What do you mean who cares? I mean if we're going to make this big of a to do about the fact that this guy died because he was famous because he was a Kennedy isn't it fair to put it in its proper perspective. Or we want to wash all of that away. I would agree with you that who cares about all of this anymore. Let's get out of life. It's tough to happen 40 and 50 years ago. But they're just up there digging up when the Kennedy's it's not it's not good. If everything sounds negative. Well, what are they digging up in other words? You only want to hear the good stuff is that it's sir? You only want to you want to somebody to play a straight of various for you and hearts and flowers and strings. You don't want to hear that the old man was made all his money and boot lugging it. It was a Nazi sympathizer. You don't want to hear that? I'm glad it's coming out. That's what I'm saying. If it's over hand come out. Anybody there right a book which obviously you haven't sir. Anybody with a brain whoever went a book for Christ's sake knows all about this. But of course the American public don't know nothing about American history. All they know is where to find Elvis in Greece and by the way he's still alive and brought in the food that they instead of Jeff Cohen. That's what the American public knows about is nonsense. Norris Christ foolishness crap. They specialize in it. In fact, their universities all over this country they're going to have encroaches. I specialize in bull crap all in one. That's right. That's going to be my major is bull crap. Professional nonsense. Meaningless garbage. Maybe if you ever read a book sir you'd have already known this a long time ago and it wouldn't come to some great the shot to you that your emotions can't handle it. On the one hand he's tired of it's unfair but it's good that it's coming out. Just give it a rest. Okay. Like we are give it a right. President Clinton Chelsea Clinton. Oh. I'm exhausted. I'm ready to pass out and I have a watch like three minutes of it and I'm ready to just fall on the floor and expire from it. It just warn me out. Oh boy. It's the one to two hours. Yes, I'm about to get to the old who floated in two towns and when I read a hero that just can't go the town. Then told the drink goes with the way that I'll try to get to. He held me and me how to change his name and get to the amitandorra and the amitandorra. He next my tongue. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Oh. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Wait. Also. Okay. Oh. Commentative. Did I experience my friends doing borlington? This is my dreamt. After, actually, I've had a really good day thinking for you. After X crush recipe cause. Why have you back me? I don't remember exactly what happened I... like my ass, I'm my clients to ask for the anti-etten.... That request This request isenaedmiyor It makes me harder that  **** one of the one of the five sixty w two two and a half out of one of the why you so go for the penny sales tax here's the answer here's a fact we just received attention money did county f i u employees we need your support in the July 29 election says a yes but will bring ninety million dollars in scholarship funding by you over the next twenty years providing opportunities for thousands of the money did students to attend our proud institution the revenue generated by the additional penny sales tax fees up hundreds of millions of dollars currently your mark for transportation needs the free to funds will provide two thousand scholarships annually a thousand from a money did county high school graduates a thousand from a money did community college graduates transferring their for you and if they have orders of the penny for transportation money did can't go get billions of dollars from Washington to a medical system sound just like twenty years ago done it let's uh... imposed more tax on ourselves so we can get those millions of dollars from Washington for another boom dog or let nobody's been a rise there you go sure work like a term first time didn't yet five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's a mobile in the naples hello you show body your role you listen i don't know who that money can't over here defending the beacuse but he wasn't one of us i can tell you that much yeah that's it then five six no doubt a listen i want to have a solution to the whole expense thing with jfk all the major news of silly it's picked up the bill because obviously without jfk junior this week they would have a broadcast that air for the last seven days evidently so i mean you know i think these guys should pick up the tab because people to the charge and a rabbit over time for this uh... a little i'm not busy not to look family rest in peace and with the rest of this left okay see you're blessed you can't hear me okay share how to reference of the business five six and bobby mature to write it five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's a mobile in parrine hello mobile in p-rine going once well we got a lot of these dead had man lot of these bozos out there twelve minutes and two seconds in parrine and he's gone here's my me beach hello okay sir the millions of more dollars to miss you the mismanaged and bezel and deal from us you know that that's he i would still like to ask how many people are writing the existing metro rail which the harrow that all the other publications have already told us that the billion dollar boondoggle and nobody uses and uh... the honest and it would be almost nobody well sure so well right it you two have the other night the guards have murdered outside the station ready to stop on that thing i'm afraid to get on it right and not to mention it doesn't go right you know what to go down town sir they want everybody going downtown like to one hero plaza that's what they want to go yeah that's been a bit of a great new arena that over January two is like four blocks away from the other one that the guy called me a couple days go and try to tell me that all the four blocks makes a big difference right they will uh... forget if you've already talked about this today but did you catch the a has said it you selling drugs on my me beach no you didn't hear about that no they busted us on the city to do is a traditional dress on the sea on my me beach old jews selling ecstasy right great probably hiding it under their citizens i think that's where they were okay thanks to the girl to try to hear a doos that is on okay there you go orthodox you selling ecstasy boy how much i can get a wholesale five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in south Miami hello yes sir i don't have a little confused uh... what do you can use about are you angry at the media i think you had anybody sure no but let me if you when you say you know the candidates and so for the i understand there has been a lot of coverage but are you angry at the media are you are you are it sounds like almost personally anger john a can a junior didn't do anything it's no i'm not on the dead so he has no control over it's the media that's sick and he's all bad at the sir uh... you know it just sound i'm i'm in polarity confused over the other you're selling why you totally confused i think i made this clear as i possibly can when you speak it sounds like you have an anger toward any junior when it should be directed toward the media yeah okay i think you said that four times okay i'm only angry toward you because you keep repeating yourself and i always loved those people to tell me what i should say and how i should say that's my favorite the shoud mysters five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in okahamka hello only florida could have a place called okahamka yes sir you know the uh... this country same people who take their kids and come to cover wagon and there along the way he died off from the he's in the in the top right and another the emotional about a guy that never met right never did a damn thing right perfect our life i just makes me wonder if all these people will love john Kennedy junior so much how come is magazine was losing all that money and had a circulation of four hundred thousand which four national magazine is an embarrassment oh you have a magazine i never would you know that's the whole thing well actually requires reading that's the good and the back of my mind i just can't help like that guy to call before it's also good things things are coming out now i guess i mean what kind of a vacuum i mean did these people really think we said a funny pages oh no no well my mom my mom is on social security so is my dad and they know every celebrity who they're married to and i'll pay the truth i'd better know mouse towards anybody but what if celebrity dies just think about it there's room at the top okay the more dead celebrities the better because the celebrities are essentially worthless anyway okay thank you okay he was going along so well until he got under a christmila hit christmila to you schoo magazine we're batten like almost a thousand except for jep calling put on a phony ad for a phony ad speaking of phony ad let's tell you about the pizza law but what a segue jep calling was just here we're eating this stuff right now how do you like that nothing like doing a commercial while you eating the food from the joint hey jep calling was his joints believe me when i tell you in fact i think he's over to check one out right now right there you best dude the story on the shhh in the world on the pat did throw on some boxer shorts let's cruise on bark and road with some faves excellent one and and on the jet had you what you are into the last night we're gonna press these and do the watching it's a countdown no way bill just wait dead excellent the rich the powerful they like to swim naked well you're gonna be smith and then you're gonna be in the lunches excellent adventure hard to the next to the axiom come and soon with you you for the next for axiom thank you Paul that's back in the days when he was doing funny stuff one fourteen at five sixty wqm five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's my me hello you got me I got you know in the mail I just got my thing from FDS that's the special transportation service of the county printed on their official documentation and it says you're in part approval of the one cent sales tax by the voters on July 29 and all this they're gonna save me fifty cents of trip but they don't mention how much it's going to cost me in sales tax you have a red the latest bullet and they just put out today they said if you are in the yes on the penny sales tax it'll bring up jfk jr back to life well I think the channel seven is open that that's ridiculous here on paying first of all for this information to be set to me in second year i'm going to vote no no no no but they don't go into the economics of the thing they just say hey it's great you know this is enough to make it throw up no no no one little thing the I miss her on this letter it says please remember that you can continue to use metro bus metro rail and metro mover free of charge simply by showing your card you know that's a thing I didn't know until I applied for this thing which I've just recently needed but my god the seniors or the cripple people are getting a hover break to start with and now they're sending out this propaganda I can't believe it no just say no I will okay I have a time spent with yeah okay five six seven oh five sixty upon five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's lost Angela silo yes sir it's christian Los Angeles this is new on broadcast dot car all right and I'm from south Florida so it's always nice to wake up in the morning when I get up here and listen to you guys for a few hours but I just checking my trade manual stay in the radio business and I see that's slap the thirty five thousand dollar fund which going on I didn't get slap with anything see as you know they don't slap individuals this lap companies with it and it's not that the information are in our is wrong by the way it's the station over in the four miles oh it is it's our sister station it was for stuff on the show but they've decided to carry it and put it on there's just slap it on the air all our stuff over there because they're too cheap to build a real radio station and so I have it only they got some board again on your on provocative tour that's been bugging the FCC so there you go well this isn't really christian's built can I so yeah well what does that mean I don't know anyway I wanted a car why am I supposed to know what that means I don't know I don't know I wanted a car because we do love your cruise line though you cruise line yeah okay Chris bill whatever your name is this week oh man woo so you see if not as bad here as we thought it was folks there's an asshole at Los Angeles too that's here as somebody thinks he's really clever it's another computer nerd five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and the best part of the whole deal is this is stuff that was aired on this show a year ago may that they carried over there in the nation's may 20th and 20 for whatever those days were and we still don't know what pieces they were which we could still be playing I mean don't bother telling us and I'll say it again there's no way that there could not have been communication between the FCC and the be the station over there in the nation's between whenever they decided they got to complain because as soon as they get to complain they're supposed to notify you in addition to which they have to tell you where the complaint came from who it was they get something we don't have that they have to tell you where the police are going to be and we could check to hear from now until the end of time what what we okay or maybe not as the case may be or maybe the dog did it maybe Bruce B. Lee did it and then again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty line five six seven oh five sixty see that stuff always gets on here doesn't always really is well worth you all the thanks for the compliment you're not my type five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's the lady and what does that say a lady Holly wouldn't mind me that's interesting hello are you a Hollywood in mind me yes ma'am speak to me hi how are you okay I'm sorry I don't even get the listen to you often so today I had a day off and this is really the first chance I got first time collar great I'm going to find you student and the heard you talking about that penny sales tax and you know I understand what you're saying about the whole transportation thing and how it would probably be pointless because they did this year ago and it was basically an effort blown away was a billion dollars flush down the toilet that is absolutely correct that's really but you know what it's good you know I really aren't getting funded by especially for the schools and F.I.e. you themselves they're we don't get a lot of funding from a lot of places and then they'll we get money thrown at a but especially for scholarships and stuff I mean you got to get what we have to get and if it's that if it's going to come from that tonight I think it might be a year. We need the money though. No well that's I mean a lot of people are much I know but the school itself I mean it's only we're going to put our schools and once we've better the education is a city becomes better and it's it's all around that. Yeah it goes in circles and like the community will not become better because they give out more scholarships that if I you were my me did or whatever but it's not true. I don't think that I do that the idea that the public has to keep paying more and more tax and that'll drive people out of date county and do business actually improving their all that I don't know I mean what you don't care about billia fighting me. And you know that I have the power to build the perfect number of cities about to have a regular company billia, you know 32 can Nepal and you have that there's just open that is three and too much to raise their tax to all. Because that non- Madam even got the pay was released, it's mentioned a rubber fine transaction. Woah that comes. I held a lot more and I'm going to get this money in a lot of other ways. I know that FIU has a lot less money than a lot of the other four to schools, even though I would maybe because of our location, I don't know. But I know that we don't have that much money of plus for 25 years old, a lot of these other schools are a lot older, EOS, FSU, that you know they're older schools. So we don't have a lot of money to begin with, and our students are students who come to Miami Dates and so on, but I think we need more internal scholarships. I may be of some of my real school, maybe that might change something. You know what? And that's exactly how I feel now. And it kind of pisses me off that tips for Miami Dates and BCC and all these places are just coming into FIU like it's nothing. Yeah. And I was pretty easy to get those wind surfing and basket weaving certificates for Miami Dates, not too done. And BCC specializes in that. You know, as a student who's coming from, I mean, I went to FIU for, you know, I didn't, I decided to talk to anybody at any schools away just for reasons, just because there's a lot of hot guys up there, sweetheart. That's what I'm talking about. But I wasn't going to follow the action. I'm actually, I mean, a media is all here. And I'm a broadcaster and I was a major. There's no, I thought you're wrong sweetheart. I hate to produce it. There is no media here. The media is not existing here. What passes for media here is a joke. But if I have a choice between Florida schools, I went to U.S. And I thought that I just, I mean, I can't stand it there. No, no, that's where it's at. They got the good drugs up there. They got the hot guys. They got the lesbians. Whatever you're looking for, they got them up there. I'm going to have to miss that on that one. So I have, I have my share. And I got the leader of Steve Spurier up there too, man. He's a hell of a doing media. Well, listen, good luck, just sweetheart. Thanks a lot, yeah. Just say, no. OK. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'll tell you one thing. Chris likes to Pete's a lot. Make no mistake about that. He's in here for seconds and turrets and VR gas. That was much as you like, because we like to share. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. It's probably what you say. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, since. It's not a what Joe Costello said you said. Which I don't believe it for a minute. He's just a hard-ass little digger. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. I just recently got into the cigar smoking. Great. I went to Cayman Island, so I was able to get some Cubans. The cigar said is OK. And I bought a humidore. I have a question. When the temperature is too high, you put more water in it or less water. You're asking me, there's no directions on your humidore. Wow. No. Well, what did you do? Steelard was like a bootleg thing. Actually it was a dense sail, so I got a good price on it. 777. 70, 70, 70, 70% humidity. 70, 70, 70. 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70. 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70. 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70. See, I don't use a humidore because I don't have enough cigars to put in there to stock on. I mean, I get so few our suppliers of cigars are so knickeredly with the supply that I smoke them as fast as I get them. I don't smoke at many anymore, but nevertheless. Yeah. I got some prohibits. I got some month of crystals. Yeah. Well, I do do a lot better with nicks because you have to pay all that money for them, and they're just as good if not better. OK, great. I appreciate that. OK, found thanks. And what is it that cigar? Dave always says long asses something like that. I spoke this. Yeah, smoke this. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the eve. What's cigar Dave going to do if they pass that thing? If they have to see I'm kind of getting ambivalent about that now. Because I would hate to see cigar Dave have to go out of business. And I've only cigar sure he's because all of his sponsors are cigars sponsors. And they couldn't advertise them radio anymore. He'd be out of business. Oh, that's the example of what's guy. Because I talked to a lot of people about him and everybody including the folks down in Nicks are saying, well, you're thinking that cigar Dave, they all said the same thing. He's an asshole. Here's a mobile in Tampa. Hey, Niel. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing good. Good deal. I haven't talked in a while. I'm a listener from Tampa. Yes. And down in Miami. And I'm listening to you on another website, BigPro.com. Uh-huh. And we're all in the news. We just had a toll free number. If this wasn't such a cheap ass place. Well, if we had a toll free number, we'd be calling from all over the world on that damn thing. I agree. I met you up in Tampa when you were out there with last turn all those guys. Uh-huh. That's him. Oh, yeah. You're still a saying though, you're still great. Yeah. I do the, uh, I do the Andrew Dice Clavitts on the last of the show. Yeah. I call over a couple of times and did some for you. Oh, oh. Oh. The only thing that goes that new is it. Oh. Okay, pal. I know. Give Bob a big kiss for us. Thanks. On the lip. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. What about that Ricky Martin Kisson is boy for an on a plane on the way over there to do a Germany on that big 747, huh? What about that? Disgraceful. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Uh, talking about the Metro failure you've been talking about. I got a letter in the mail the other day saying they want to put this new part of it from Kendall, you know, west on Kendall Drive in the median in the middle. I'm not the part of it. Yeah. I'll be real nice when I walk out of my house to see that, you know, three people riding on Metro rail and our tax dollars going out. I remember those old days at the old Miami arena where we had to go for the hockey games all the time. You'd sit there and you'd see that. Meads of Metro rail trains come in back and forth and back and empty and one or two people sitting on them. I've been that way for years ever since they built that thing. And it's the biggest waste of money that people starving you that's that poor girl. Well, if I you need the money and they spend a billion dollars for a train that nobody rides another one. Do some more. Do you think you think it's kind of the people vote no for you think they're not smart to me? I think it's going to get defeated so badly that they're not going to know what's. What hit him is what I think. And one more thing, how much money was just on worth? Do you understand, though, you know, you get to the financial and we don't want to talk about those things. I mean, he's got to have been worth at least a hundred million dollars. I have no idea. Yeah, nobody ever says that. I don't know because then you turn into what's all the families money and then of course it takes away all the fun. Have a great day sir. They're into the in the middle of the pregame show right now. So they should be getting pretty warm with that ceremony going on five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line will it ever end. That's the question. Yeah. In acquiring minds one and all will this JFK junior insanity this madness will immediately ever stop. Yeah. Come to like inclusion. Oh, will we ever get closure. Oh, oh, close this. I want to while I like the time being shown. It puts the large and the basket. My aim is my aim is. My aim is. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. He is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Hi, kids. Y'all like that little stink is that fun little sound that comes right at you stink. Wanted to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which by the way I'm gonna fart on it doctor. Dre has you old man. You passed him. No, what was that last? Can you look well? It's age 12 it seems like a always male I thought ripping gasses and doing was pretty swell I got this off when I just my teeth off and thought it so hard My lunch goes backwards like Chris crossed and every God I'm like oh dinner man Smell this honey I don't give a cond  that's the world My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim eyeliner my aim is my aim is my aim is I aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aimisode is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is what aim is far over climbing is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim is Migs aim is my aim is my aim Imagine.. for AF 4k 3t47 by the way speaking of Overwalls and him is to go ahead Regional Rockersill by the way to get some dumplings against the sport who is desperate for somebody to talk to, maybe you want to talk to him, he's in date county 305 303 35368. 3 835368, maybe Colin the keeping busy, okay? Because he's obviously in desperate needs of some companionship. What's he called? 6,422 times so far today? Yes. 305 303 5368. We want to talk to him? No. 560 505 60, pound 560 on the AT&T world of slime, we got the mad dog. Yeah. And it's for hacking in a day to a clock who is sizzling, he's on fire, he's rolling at baby, and maybe smoking at 2. Donnie be with the pregame of the pre-pregame, and then we got the actual pregame at 630. Milwaukee at the Amarlum 705 tonight. Oh, interest. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Oh, sorry, I heard a piece. I got a few things to say, Neil, first of all, you got like about two years ago, went to Italy in a studio, you see, at that place is like, I didn't even know how to describe it. It was like the best of everything in Italy, especially Roman medicine stuff like that. Right. Last night on the Tom Green Show, did you see the Hicks and Tennessee? Yeah. When they hang out, it's called Harboos. And I don't know if you realize that, but Oprah has a company called Harboos. And Spel's Airport. Harboos. It was Harboos. I thought it was Harboos. Each Air Force company is Harboos, which is Oprah's Airport. Right. And that place was called Harboos. Yeah. And they were all, what you're Red Nix? Yeah. Anyways, with these stadiums, I don't think public money should keep on subsizing those things. And I think that everything you see is the best stuff. Yeah, but we're talking about 165-foot yacht John Henry. I mean, a poor guy like that, we ought to help him out, don't you think? They just don't take that. No. Exactly. Anyways, Greg Reed, Samma Mama, I Hank, Elie Boe, Baltimore. OK. 5605, 60, Pomp 560 on the AT&T, well, somebody said, was he didn't like that picture Greg in the paper this morning? Let's do a mobile and Naples, hello. New York. Yes, sir. New York. I was fired report on the 770 FTC situation. Yes. While back, when you guys were on, you guys over here were not on delay. So every corner, wait a minute. It's a George. George, listen to this. Go ahead. When you guys, when the colors would call, the delay was not working. So everything that was said, like, you know, flock, yeah, you don't have to wait to work, Jim. Well, all of that was coming through without a poem. So number, we heard about that. Yeah, we did. Now I talked about it on the year. They had no delay and they still were putting the talk to one year and of course over here, we're bleeding it didn't get on the year. But over there, every word that was ever invented got on the year. How do you like that? Yep. Yes, sir. And leave it to our audience staff to figure these things out. For us, you're seeing a reason that you guys got to figure it out is we have no communication with four Myers. The bees lies have never had any discussion, even able with Greg. They just opened the pot. They put it on the year because they own this company. And so there's no discussion of coordinating with show with them over there or what to do. You know, or when they had the delay problem, they could have put something else on a year. But they have their coolest. They just opened a pot and things they got already on station. You got it. I know what you like. That's what you people are. Bees lies here. I'm not sure it's locked myses. It'd be nice, bees. Bees, if you come up with a damn toll free number. Oh, yeah, hold your bread. And now they're going to say, well, we're going to have to pay the $35,000. OK, I don't know what you just said. But OK, thank you. Here you go. One of our listeners getting a little bit emotional at the end. But he's absolutely correct. They were running the show with no delay there for quite some time over on a West Coast. And you report you, show, show. OK? What you show, you show, read. For Harvard at Bullcraft Coast. So this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Now it's starting to make a little bit more sense because this thing is R and R by the way. They had, it goes to show you. It gives somebody a little bit of information, like whoever this bogus reporter was for radio and records. Put this thing in the first of all, it wasn't QAM in Miami. It was QAM in April, which is really WCN 770. And secondly, Greg Reed declined to comment, because Greg Reed has got nothing to do with that radio station. And thirdly, it had nothing to do with this thing with lyrics about oral sex because there wasn't no such bit to the tune of I don't want to grow up. But they're sure it's held. We're a lot of words getting on here over there that had no business because on a kind of because they were putting on a talk show with no delay. And I'm not sure. I mean, they might not be it, but I have my doubts. I have a strong feeling that it's probably what it's all about. You go to hell and you die. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is a guy that you may find at the sea shore where we ain't necessarily coming all by the time they range. We're too much into the village people. And yes, that can be a number check. That's where come tell a phone line that's good. That can be construction workers. Yes. I'd like to make one third line. I know. I can't find no sense. A third is a guy that would have on a date with me. He can spend the wonderful night with the transvestite. And the transvestite means I can't find no sense. A third is a guy that would have on a date with me. I can spend the wonderful night with the transvestite. And the transvestite is probably what it is. I'm 60 W to Q a m. What? What? What? Why you're looking at me like that? I wasn't looking at you until you started doing something. Ha ha ha ha. Oh man. What I look up panic. I thought maybe pizza loft was working its way back through you again. Wow. Junior over here. He just had a little pizza loft experience and I was just saying, wow, I got to think it's just a coincidence. No, we all of a sudden all got a nature is calling. Well, that's that butter sauce. Yeah, that must be it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. New gut. Yes, sir. I just wanted to let you know that according to the talking heads on MSNBC, yes. John John was worth 50 million bucks after his mom died. I couldn't care less. I know me either. Evidently, he is mom did some interesting legal reign wings with the O'Nath's family to term a $20 million inheritance. Oh, and by the way, remember the woman that called me a couple of days ago said, oh, yeah, he did everything with his own money? I'll I consider that is. Yeah. Yeah, all right. With his own $50 million. Thanks for the good news. Oh, and by the way, we said, John Gibson, I said that. Oh, I got to go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'll take you one thing. If you watch that MSNBC long enough, it'll make a sh**k. That's right. Worst in pizza lock. Here's a mobile in the Gables, hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. I was reading a book called Peters Cautations. I did the wartime, and I found a quote that I think you'd like. It says, theology is an effort to explain the unknowable in terms of not worth knowing. It is not only opposed to the scientific spirit, it is opposed to every other form of rational thinking. But another little part to it says, a philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there. I see a lot of you in the man who framed it. Right. Exactly. Neo and closing, as you can see. What is it? That's the candidate. That's the candidate. Thank you. He said, after the candidate is what he said. I'll pass. They got enough action going on. How's William Kennedy Smith doing, by the way, he's getting plenty of these days? Oh, good. Thank God, he didn't rate plenty, but that's all I can say. That would have been real bad if it would turn out that he'd have really done it. We all believe that he had. We believe he was innocent only. No. Five six, come on, we got what? Fourteen minutes to kill here. We got 400 open lines. Five six, seven, oh five, sixty. Pound five, sixty. On the AT&T, where I was lying here on the gym medits for Hank Goldberg, warm off show. Here's David, hello. Hey, Neo, how are we doing today? Okay, sir. Terrific. Anyway, I learned what we'd let you know. I'm a former Miami native. I was born down there. What do you mean a former? I mean, I'm a Miami native. That's what I was born in Northern California. That's what I'm a former American Indian, Neo. Anyway, can I listen to this, the main reason why I'm afraid to go work down there. Can I listen? Yes. I thought that wasn't Saint Peter's verb, and I'll listen. Oh, it's their penis. Near Pingo, yes. Yeah. You know, I just, I think the only thing I could tell on this, I said, if he wants to, if he ever wants to have my business down in Miami, he's going to have to put an end to this penny tax nonsense. Uh-huh. No, the voters are going to do that next Thursday. Forget about him going to have to do it. He's already in bed with those people behind the voters are going to have to just say, no, next Thursday. And that's why I'm expecting that the voters do. OK. They know to hire tax. Early in often, sir. No. No. Thank you. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Here's Miami. Hello. Take fuel, Niall, how you doing today? OK, sir. Right. Now, I just wanted to reiterate anybody who votes for tax votes just for a tax is a fool. And my question is, if supposedly it stopped all the stealing in the port, all the stealing that was going on, where we should have tons of money to do anything we want. Yeah. As the stealing stops, there should be no reason to raise taxes. Uh-huh. Just use the money that we're getting and use it for whatever we need it. Yeah. And that is also. OK, go. Yes. Love you, show. Thank you so much. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, wireless line. How are we going to get through to all these people that are watching that the masquerade going on today? That nonsense, that foolishness, that imbed that insanity. Is that things still going on by the way? Let's take a few. I can't handle it myself. Well, let's take a peek. Oh, they got a commercial on. All right. That was something this is the rarest of times when they actually put a commercial on these network stations or these new stations. We're all going, oh, yeah. We're not watching it, but we're at least we can see that it's not the other stuff. Anything but that. Anything, please. I'm begging you. Here's more Lauderdale. Hello. I'm a Bob Lasseter fan and a Jerry Witchner man. Yeah. And my voice is boring. Yeah. Yeah. Mr. and Mr. Knight in classics. Yeah, I know. Are you going to do any personal appearance? No, you're a future. Now, George is doing all the personal appearances now. I'm yesterday's the news. George is getting all the, because George works real cheap. Because number one, I have a gift for you. My late father was a pharmacist. Yeah. Bob, it's awesome. Good job. Great. But he has, he made use to make certain things that I think you'll like for your house. I want to give it to you. OK. And number two, I also have to tell you a story about a doctor. I can't mention his name. That when I see you, I got a story that will blow your broth off of his daughter. Doctor, that's near and dear to your heart. You won't believe it. But I can't really. I can't mention over to phone. Can't you tell George off the year? No, I'm afraid you'll mention it on your... No, I promise you, I will not mention it on the year. My head, George knows. If I promise you, I will let. I'm not sure you can't do that to me. I do my main material that I'll tell George. OK. Because I've been waiting a long time to give this dedication to your dear friend, Jeff Rimmer, who I've mentioned is a bit of a never-eroy and a gibber. But you didn't know that he went out to Rick and we've sealed. Now they do the seventh inning, take me out to the ballgame. Yeah. And he did all addition, he dedicated to you. And it went like this and I'll tell George this story. They stuck. Yeah. But the dedication went, take me out, Neil, it's Rimmer. Take me out for a stake. It don't mean spoilers. Buy me some cocktails and others, Max. I don't care if I reciprocate that for it's nor... Snorrs for your homeboy. Oh, I have her picked up a check in my life. For it's one, two. Countless meals I've sponge. Thanks, Neil. Oh, little bye. I'll tell George this. OK, hold on. OK, he's on eight. Make sure you get that information and make sure we don't refuse it on the ear. Two great songs from our buddy there. Hey, stop. Come on, Nau, Rimmer. You got a nice free meal last night and sort of nice. Thanks to our friends that we were with Chris by the way. We love them. We love them a lot this week. 5-6-7-0-5-1. We love them a lot better when the food is free. That's right. That's the way it goes. 5-6-7-0-5-60, count 5-60 on the AT&T Wireless Line.