WQAM by Ami Fort Lutterdale presents the Neal Rogers Show They're talking to Neal, called 567-0560 toll-free, predated braharin, or pound-56 the按ure cell ball. The opinions of Neal his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group. Now, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA... Let me tell you how Neal Rogers is in the ears-out. Oi! Yeah! Two-spinking trade-off with a picture of my pen and a birdie. All I'm trying on the third day of holly-dog. My parents gave her me. So, Neal Rogers starts to think and trade-off with a picture of my pen and a picture. Oh, why? Why do you look at it? What's the real thing on the head? That's your face. Oi! On the fourth day of holly-dog. Let's go. Let's go. My parents gave me... Wow, she's kosher, can't he? She's got these shirts. They're a big and drail. Think of the braille phone. No. Shaking it. Braille braille braille. I made it out of clay and when I wanted to watch it, I felt a thing away. No, but that knife. Bite me. On the fifth day of holly-dog. My parents gave that name. Or wanted a good, strong dream. Oh, it's a Jimmy's got one. Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. Oh. And not what's a catchy... Not what he's sure. Not what he's afraid of. Or a picture of my pen and a burry knee. Oh, man. Oi! And the sixth day of holly-dog. My parents made me sing. In my well-earned wish. Oh, no. I've been strong every year. In front of my pen and a burry knee. Oi, babe. On the seventh day of holly-dog. Not bad. My parents made me sing. Doesn't treat me like a... Oh, it's... In my well-earned wish. I want a picture of the truth. I want a picture of the truth. I want a picture of the truth. Good for the truth. Oi, this is a cut. On the eighth day of holly-dog. My parents gave to me. Nothing that I wanted. It's gonna be easy, latches. Yeah, I won't be rich. Where is my truth? Shut up! He's kosher candy. Three-cheers. I'm gonna thank you, Jato. And I'll pick your eyes. I said it and hurt me. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. Holy! Atle 4-5-6-B-W-W-M-Tem-R-O-Sundown. It's Chanukah, baby. Let's hear it. She won't think about the Jews. We know how to let it down. How to draw it out. Yeah, we got all these long holidays. Like, pace on, feco Passover. Goes on for days and days and days. And then you got your Russia shirt and you're on kipper. We said it's like a whole week to carry on and make a big stimulus and blow your chauffeur. And now, of course, we got Chanukah coming on for a day's deadline like to go in with like Christmas. It's one day. Right? Easter Sunday. You got your ass Wednesday, but then there's Easter Sunday. That's basically it. The only thing that go ahead and do it that they drag out is length. Which I still don't know what that is. How long does that go on? 40 days? Oh, no. You don't know. You don't know. You don't know. You don't know. Mr. Expert on religion. It starts on Wednesday. And you can't have a week. You don't know how long length goes on. Yeah. That's one of our first orders of business. We're going to find out about Chanukah and line nine. And they know how long length goes on. Hello, WQA and religion line. Oh, I was a Georgetown in the day. I want to get your facts number. I want to fact you. Well, I think you'll be the facts number. Unless you want to get it from George. Sure. I can get some you. I got this article that I thought might interest you. You said about length. No. It's about a. Is there about a little similar to religious holidays? It's about what? It's about how abortion is lower the crime rate. Great. Excellent. I think you would like it. Is it abortion lowering the crime rate in certain nothing might already groups? No. It basically does. Because I think that might work too. But anyway, I'll give you the facts number. Okay. 305. 65. Okay. O.1. 9. 9. 8. I don't want to go too fast. I don't want to go too fast. Okay. Okay. I'll let you read it. Pretty extreme. Pretty strange. Excellent. Okay. The more extreme the more we like it. Okay. Thanks a lot. I may go. There we go. Right off the bat. We got a good guy in there. Oh, right. We want to find out what this Hanukkah business is all about. That's number one. And number two. I want to find out why you people continue doing these things. It just tears my kiski's out. Okay. What is the point? I'm going to go to show him. We got to pay our dues and we got to go eat a bunch of potatoes. Which I do like, but they're luck is by the way. The only thing important about being Jewish of course is a culinary Judaism. That's my former religion. Dietary Judaism. Potatoes, the filth of fish, which I do like. You have to wash off that crap by the way that gel for all you glam out there. If somebody's going to give you a jargher of filth of fish, don't eat that mung on it at gel. That's like a preservative. That's like to keep it from sticking to gel. Stick in and join out or something. You wash it off and then you just, oh, that gives filth of fish is great. White fish. High a pike. Huh? White fish? A Mr. White fish and a pike. But I have no idea what else you're supposed to eat in Hanukkah. People come up to me. This is amazing to me. Estonishing. Knowing what a hard bitten atheist, what a professional atheist I am. Not one of those people like George who's saying, I don't know. Look, I'm not looking for no answers. Okay. I'm looking for something, but it's not answers. And lately, finding it. But anyway, I'm going to sit until I can back here. They come up to me and I'll say, what are you doing for Hanukkah? And I'll say, the same thing I'm doing for circus, the same thing I did for tissue books, the same thing I did for young kipper for Russia, Shana for a long, volomer, whatever that one is. Nothing. Nothing. I'm living my life. In fact, I'm going to go see for a, you are Russia for, whatever this one is, Hanukkah this year, I'm going to go see the back feed voice on the night. Yeah. Well, I'm a big Jewish kiss. And if they looked any better, I would just, well, speaking of that by the way, in Rikai, Iglesias, declared his innocence to TV guide. That's right, Hanukkah, and Rikai says he's got a lot of want to be number one fans now because he says, this is amazing. Who are rising sun and people in Espanol, 1998, sexiest man alive, is he really a virgin? That's what he says. He says he's really, and of course he says, no, of course not. That's my pickup line. I think girls find it sweet. That's how I picked up girls and college in a worked a lot. Who will, in Rikai says, Iglesias, who released his English debut last week has been the world's biggest latin artist of the past four years with 14 million albums sold. And he still needs a pickup line. Question mark it says in Newswick Magazine. Now, what are you trying to say? Why are you letting nothing? Yes, you are. Is everybody who's like a popular Hispanic singer? Like all my deco names. That was what you trying to say. Oh, they are. I know that Mark Anthony makes me sick. He couldn't sing his word of a paper sack if he put an oozy up his ass. He might enjoy it. Want to think about Mark Anthony? He can't sing for shit. Right. That's right. Let's hear it again. He can't sing for shit. I love it. I just go and tweet hard to hear what that was. Who was that? Do you remember? Some color. She was talking about it. She was talking about it in Rikai. Shame on you. It's weird heart. Pick it on my good post personal body in Rikai. I'll always knew single bus suck, but nevertheless. I'm out of ten to ten and five sixty wqs. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of wqa mb3 acquisition court. Just tell me what your problem is. I trust the fee. There's a land. A land with one sitting there's a hot stuff in life. Come back, come back to it place where customers go to the store. Come back in the store. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. So pay the black jacket! In Jesus' Yachar! Yes, in my Royal S.M.I.M.I.M.I.M.I.M.I.M. One of the most beautiful days on the planet. I'm Lionel Vetch of its circle, Royal S.M.Truckers. I'm gonna stop. Let's get it. Let's get to it. So it's a beat, too. I bet, when you say, that's the street? Oh, make it, call, H.A.S. And bring your country. We give you a beat, Sam. And a little way to beat. And a little way to beat. No matter where you're away, bring that to the right. The fourth of July. 1014 at 5.50 in a QA. And so what's in the Yachar? Maybe let's find out in about land and all these other ridiculous holidays. And let's find out why otherwise intelligent people continue participating in all these ridiculous rituals. Because that's what they are. What are you doing for a hight of a nail? I don't know. What are you doing for a length? What are you doing for Easter Sunday? You're gonna roll some eggs on along. Is that what it is? Uh-huh. Yeah. Gonna go play a little hide and seek. Here's a mobile in High Aliah. Hello. Hey, Neo. How are you? Pretty good, sir. Yes. The length is the celebration of the 40 days that Jesus Christ went into the desert fasting and without changing his underwear. Oh, wow. See, I was right about the 40 days. I even more about length and little Catholic Georgian area. Wow. I'm surprised at George because every time he's on, I mean, you're on vacation. He knows everything about religion. So I was surprised. Yeah. Second thing. What the hell would happen on the island? Yeah. He don't want nothing about it. He just loves a lot of obscure facts. I think he just writes them all down before it comes in the desert. Yeah. What's going on in Seattle? What's going on? Yeah. Probably I got a couple of years ago. I got a couple of years ago. I got a couple of years ago. I got a couple of years ago. That's right. At least they're having a good time with a game. We're just acting barbaric and lifting up Goddam magazine and newspaper things and smashing them through windows of departments doors because you don't like this crazy people. Crazy people. These right wingers, left wingers, or just like they're all wingers. Mostly left wingers, most of like a 300s. Well, how come nobody's talking about it? I think it's pretty disturbing. Well, what are we going to do about it? Well, it took the president coming into town to have them crack down on them. That's the American fucking way. That's right. Okay. You have a good day back to you. I was watching Baba yesterday. I don't maybe people are going to like me saying this, but I'll say it anyway. And I was thinking to myself, this man has done a great job. He has. He's done a great job. The economy is spectacular. Violent crime is down. It's still in the race. But I mean, he didn't invent that. It's way down. And you know, life is a little hell of a lot better than it was 1992. Or whenever it had to take over a January, 1993, things are going great. So he screwed around. He got some blow jobs, big, stick and deal. You know, typical of the right wing. That's the way they always try to embarrass people. Oh, let's, let's get him out of their pants down. Wow. How exciting that is. He's done a hell of a job. I would say in my lifetime, he's been the best president my lifetime. Huh? By the way, I'm not saying that there was a lot to choose from. You know, we had I like, I like, I like. Who is a moron? We had Truman, who give him a hell of a hairy, who is, yeah, just people like him because he was Cool, you know, he was kind of like the just event to her of his time. Nixon, Dick, zero four. Zero four's most famous line was. He said just before an after putting the gum in his mouth. Bush. See now Ronnie who had Alzheimer's 20 years before he got in the White House. But he forgets. What are we yet? Much a loser. Jimmy Carter. Oh, when they talked about what? What, what? Intelligent man, a brilliant man? Jimmy Carter. I all, I all, I all, I think that all, we all, all, all, all, all, all. I hit those hot, all, all, all, all, all. Luki. He had a, a, a quargle. speaks for the quangle. I don't like they do an entry. I would all respect anybody who might be listening in Georgia, Atlanta being the exception of course because you have a lot of very light complexion parts in Atlanta. See like in in city this is true in cities in America where black people are treated a little bit better like the end down here in South Florida where they treated like crap but in cities where they treat a little bit better and for some reason they're complexions a little bit lighter because there's more ingredient going on I guess for a while but you can it's considered to be like a more sophisticated thing you know I'm saying like Julian Bond there it goes it's barely even black he's kind of like the Bryant Gumble of politics you know barely even black so it's like a whole different ambiance but the right majority is like strictly white trash as in the Carter family there's Billy Tate Billy's been dead for how many years scored scored scored 0p in the streets and Miss Lollian was her 85 chance he's been dead for many years he still wrote test I bet you she'd all look any worse now than when she was alive Miss Lollian and little any of course who was like the first truck with it now we got Rosalind I mean not Rosalind we got what's her name I can't even think of what her name is Bubba's daughter or I could have said here go to a clock I wouldn't remember that Chelsea I know where Chelsea is because I lived in Boston how's the Kingston trio doing by the way see them lately no Chelsea who's of course looks like Hillary used to when she was younger with the bad frizzy here is not said and by the way by the way guess who is the fitting image of Hillary never the movie the hand that rocks the cradle on on what her name is the actress that played back at the morning never seen the two of them together oh same person am I right and especially in that movie yeah if you aged aged the back right same person exactly the spinning image which hopefully Hillary's got a little bit better disposition huh yeah can't stand that bitch she makes me I'm so sick and tear that whole deal okay we're investigating Hanukkah today we're also going to investigate this whole smoking business because I'm really sick and tear there's even a big an ex-smoker's misery here in a son sent all the life feels sorry for this person oh no I do not but the good news is high court lyric of FDA claims it's almost impossible it looks like the Supreme Court is gonna say very loudly no no to the FDA as far as regulating cigarettes and nicotine all that other stuff no way she's doing one of the most vigorous or arguments at the court in months the justice is suggested by the questions that they were almost certain to invalidate the FDA's watershed effort to regulate the nicotine tobacco as a drug in other words no way Jose do you know when they started putting the a skull and cross bones or the essence of it I mean at warning message on cigarette you know what you're wondering no 1965 34 years ago 34 years ago and we have people now right where I didn't know where yeah right you didn't know it says on there on the package which now cost 50 bucks a pack by the way and I was says it's gonna kill you if you smoke these goddamn things baggots kills what it says on there baggots kill because they're trying to get even and we got all these whining god damn simpleing assholes and of course this goes at hand in with the lawyers now because everybody wants to sue everybody in this country suing people suing the tobacco company suing this one suing that one because they're stupid and like I said I've said it many times it would be like my suing the sugar companies because I'm dying I got diabetes and I have I'm fat and probably all kinds of other growth testing because their product is very evil and bad and what was the word that they use about being a herders this guy that's suing also this mma mma deal who's got the tubanistemic yeah yes the eat to tubanistemic because he has the suffocates is like all blocked up so there's no taste everything eat is delicious but no taste so the jury that's listening to his arguments now says last July the same jury ruled that smoking causes cancer that cigarettes are defective and dangerous product and that the manufacturer is used to set the market to sell them there are defective and dangerous product is sugar defective and dangerous product a less direct defective and yeah what about that stuff that they're advertising on the morning show that gives you loose oozy uncontrollable stool dangerous product set a cow or whatever is that it about cat scene makes a cranky dangerous product horrible product how about riddle and dangerous drug yeah got your kids bouncing off the walls like a bunch of lunatics because of all that sugar that they're reading and so they're force feeding riddle which makes them totally psychotic here's Hollywood hello yes sir good close buddy dip the third yeah uh just want to see if you see on the news last night or american airlines is back a thousand when you grew in the flying public by doing what they cut the size of the carry ons in half good where they got to make good I'm all for that sure on the third year only on last four hundred doing it I hope you all the airlines do it cut the goddamn carry on down tip the turrets and cut the carry on no seriously you don't want to be sitting on a plane with these assholes that are bringing their whole life possessions on a plane right away for the weekend somewhere these idiots but I a little bit of american allies me you got to look maybe like a more room for the cocaine in the anger next the idea now you can catch a nice I just thought I just said check what you see if you say nice for the good news pal alright i'm going to go in the american airlines does something good we got to have room for the hand grenades and all the goddamn other weapon we inherit when in there if you have all your overhead luggage filled up you idiots man who just don't know how to travel just don't get it you haven't got a freaking clue how come I can go into your or put you a do five times a year take one carry on bag that fits perfectly in any overhead and that's it I put after about four days like in a midway point of my vacation I put that call in the morning they come and pick up your laundry it's back the same night and I got enough stuff to last the rest of the week how's that? clean underwear after the third or fourth day of course clean underwear how many pair do you need if you're going away for nine days you take four and a half pair yeah four and a half pair and you wash your wants see if you turned them inside out you wouldn't you but what you're forgetting is that you're we're in one to begin with so you really got five pair look at this response we're getting about a Hanukkah are you Jews in hiding again is that it's got dammit I want to find out what kind of a stupid holiday this one is starting to burn out what it's all about and what you're supposed to be doing besides lighting the menorah with those stupid candles and giving a different gift every day see the Jews know about retail christmas one day okay fixed and can deal but with Hanukkah every single day you're supposed to theoretically give another gift on this idiotic holiday and it is it is really embarrassing I'm humiliated and embarrassed for my fellow Jews that we have so many of these ridiculous cockamy holidays well we have to wait to make a car hang out of our Jewish identity okay fine just talk with heavy accent okay just go oh a lie and that'll that's all you need to do here's four lot of day hello good morning Neil yes consistent with your theme of holding on to covenants and things of this nature tonight she'll with J. Lennon had Dr. Laura slushinger I think her first time a parent on and on about the covenant and how all these people who have sex and things before their married their marriages never last which was untrue and J pointed out to her that the bible belt of all places leads to country and divorces which really stunned her but Hanukkah was with her try to uh state that pre-marital sex and having sex before your married have dissimilar meetings you know she is a nut that's a fucking bitch you but boiling down to where this goes with the holding this this comfort zone which is where she's at he probably doesn't know half the things that she's referring to in her biblical babble like most Jews of course a greater percentage of the this country's atheist are made up of the Jewish community fortunately perhaps based on the rejection or whatnot but a lot of them still want to hold ground to this old world stuff and I have some friends who are psychologists and they call it a pocket of retardation or they could normally rationalize the real estate their stocks they can master law and any other fear yeah when it comes to this they turn the brain off and this stuff has the parallel logic to the tombferry but they are afraid to decipher it because this will break their comfort zone this is really good isn't that tragic let it go let it go cut the cord thanks Neo for your time thank you well yes he first they cut the foreskin which is bad i'm sorry to agree with your john that overwhelmingly cut the foreskin which is evil and grotesque barbaric but cutting the cord can they do that oh can't do it here's the best news of all by the way thank you whoever facts this to me it says today males of all persuadent celebrating all over the world you want to know why today December 2nd is somebody's 18th birthday who do you think it is? Britney Spears turns 18 today see if she's legal how do you like that does it really make a difference no but she's legal anyway probably a dyke sorry it's always the way it is you know just a first rate they held I watch 27 after 10 at 5 60 WK getting a tremendous response on his Hanukkah business oh not no they never do they're all busy well they're busy uh patchking around i'll make it a potato lock is and it get ready to go to show tomorrow and then i want to you know talk about this stuff air their dirty linen public qa m drops the green flag with motor sports Saturday Saturday morning to fix with chocastelo right here on sports radio 5 60 qa m I didn't want to tell us that all of the American dollars on the water company we are 22 there you go man I'm all the things everyone loves Christmas Carol but until now no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holidays this time of year you know I'm still now introducing Hanukkah Carol's on TV Hanukkah and it's always like this my space is saying something new oh he's the one who's been here and now it's been your love of two kind of Carol's on TV things like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season on the day may of Hanukkah my mom okay okay hey I'm chocolate with a seven slabs of concrete but take a lot of fun if you're tired of the old producer so the holidays here's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know you're bad about it and gentlemen say oh you know how we make you pay me pay me pay me Hanukkah it's coming to town Hanukkah Carol's on TV it's the holiday collection you just can't if that's over 33 at 5 60 WCM are we getting a response to this or what oh that's a little bit like one call on the board isn't that pathetic I asked a very simple question what will you say 98 percent of our audiences do you wish 110 percent not one Jew out there can even tell us what Hanukkah's all about here's a holiday that goes on for eight days with minorities with candles with eight million gifts with all kinds of who knows what it is I don't know what it's all about we got one person out there willing to take two minutes of their time to explain to all the Graham and need to refresh my memory see I tell you right now I feel as do wishes anybody and I haven't been in a show in years I have no desire I have had your markazon but that was only for that stupid when we show and look what that did and the more about yama yama yama yama yama Hanukkah I'm not you about lent exactly you know more about yama hazin you bought lent anybody want to lend your jama ha here's a fact from Susanne who says in response to Hanukkah tomorrow I'm that you wish you a nice Jewish girl cause once and will have a nice Hanukkah well back to you Susanne have a great Hanukkah whatever it is but again nobody wants to tell us what it is this is pathetic I do already a show here every day I come on I ask a very simple question I'll give an example of what I'm talking about you know my good friend Sean one of our groupie listeners probably home right now for the holidays by the way from Northwestern Britain kid great guy but brought up in this I mean really fanatical I don't hate to say fanatical but a very heavy duty Jewish background they go to Habat House you know I'm saying oh exactly and I forget the when I saw Sean over the summer and he tells me he went to when he was in Chicago with school he went to school on Shibu with Saitaka was one of those minor holiday both nights Friday and Saturday went to Shibu I said why he said oh it was a had a good time I enjoyed it he enjoyed it for for why and this is somebody who's a brilliant young man I'll see he was brought up in this environment it has been his father with Dr. Ernst the Dennis the great guy brilliant guy but what is that why what are you doing there what are you doing there with a biny on your head and they uh what is that all about I was forced to do those things the first moment I had the opportunity to get away from that I said oh I give me out of this crap I was forced to go I was slept this year all anybody out there gonna be slept this year all during his holidays now of course you are your family they're gonna schleppy against your better judgment I mean if your life is that back you is especially when you're young that you don't have something better more enjoyable more productive to be doing than sloughing the shoul and putting crap on your head and tosses on your shoulders and pay us a niss and that my god so Neil did you go to show why you would answer them oh yeah yeah I was praying all the time I was on my knees a lot kind of like Ricky Martin by the way his excuses not only was he a member of Manudo it was also an altar boy oh he had no fighting chance you don't say here's a mobile in pop and oh hello hi how are you doing okay sir listen I don't have some for you on on it but then runs from Ashwin State to Easter Sunday anyway now that you touched on the subject of that nicotine and everything why aren't these all the alcohol companies being sued for liver damage and hospital bills right why didn't just the all these tobacco companies that's right I heard somebody talking about water patent this morning how about Mickey Mano who died from a bad liver because of all that boozey drank they destroyed his liver I mean do they have more money than needs tobacco companies or what's going on there I don't know what it is I have no idea of course you got to understand that maybe there's more people in Congress who smoke then who booze it up and smoke could be yeah I like the Kennedy I don't think Teddy smokes but he's your Lexus booze okay Neil thanks a lot and don't forget town god bless the Irish how to do it back to because without the Irish you know wouldn't be fat it wouldn't be a fashionable to be drunk without the Irish that's right that's what Teddy says yeah it's okay but I mean smoking I we're also today like to find out if there are people out there who are smokers I'm talking about cigarettes cigarettes who don't want to quit see the the stereotype that they like to paint is that everybody just like a fat pig I'm sure that there's something you fat folks out there who don't care who don't want to lose weight and while it's not healthy but nevertheless that's that's your option we don't have any laws making it against a lot of walk around being fat because it's the American effem way that's why this is the fatest country in the world if we did that we'd have all of us most of us would be in prison right now fat prison which is a good way to lose weight by the way because I understand the cuisine is not always the best but I'm sure that we got people out there who are smokers who are getting really tired of being made to feel like scumbags because they smoke and being prohibited and be who to have no desire to quit smoking they're not doing the correct they're not doing the packed and they don't want to quit they're willing to take the risk they know the risks they know that maybe they're going to have something a big gigantic to tumour growing in your throat on their lung on their tongue and their mouth in a rasophagus where would it let's go to be they don't care I think that in a matter of fact I think that when you buy a pack of cigarettes they ought to have like a thing every time you buy a pack you ought to have to sign like signing a petition you sign a release form saying that I'm buying this knowing ahead of time that it's a effective product that's going to possibly cause cancer that's got addictive nicotine in it but I will not sue anybody because I'm doing it my own free will yeah they should have to sign it every time they buy a pack for 80 bucks or whatever it is today maybe some companies start doing it offer discounts here's Helen Dale hello hello yes sir Monica just told me to enjoy your honeycomb why what is it Monica manica manica cool okay okay okay go blow the show for pal get out here okay you silly you'll fart you will fossil another old year from Helen Dale get out of here already it's you oh god it's you you specifically in your pizonsati rosindric you're the ones that are turned this town of an outdoor funeral parlor pal where's the living and breathing people come on let's go here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven suck me along the other town line god dammit hey after date by the way the trends are coming in a two thirty the latest arbitrage in the monthly which is going to be August September October so tomorrow morning we'll have that and then of course we'll see the real evidence of how the whole audience is vanished they must have even on something is obvious is this even as something is dramatic and traumatic is this to say mold story get on your hands in knees and beg I said maybe maybe we'll talk to you but I doubt it you AC is kind of a bitch thank you my sweet Jewish lady and cocktail hoist who by the way why you're at it miserable old bitch whoever you are I'm just a general it's you probably married to that guy in hell and they were just heard from that crusty old Monica sucker I got news for a pal Monica wouldn't touch you with the other you wouldn't touch your back home with the Bubba's hands how do you like that this guy's probably got more tojane and and between his big toe and his uh the one whatever the one is next to it seriously can you imagine oh he's probably got he's got spillage he's got spillover from the bag twenty before yeah that's that funny smell when you drive through hell and they'll keep those windows uh seal her medically okay oh god either Josh Friedman zero those bags just fill it over again or both of course when you have those staples you know there's a lot of leakage here's a gaggy socks okay there we go hey y'all my name is Grant Eugene Thomas friends of bitches nominee for the Supreme Court and you know there's not some people's I did it thanks just I won't be a little marijuana when I say cottage and it wasn't it but it's an enjoy yeah maybe you guys that you're an ormobile if they don't think I'm fit to be under Supreme Court yeah I got a bunch that dude is quick and get out of here I want to hit y'all straight when I stop reviewing the law I don't just review the law hell y'all I'll be Tokyo and I don't get to the east I don't get to the weather and I don't get why not look up standard they'll kind of as fast oh I'll be Tokyo that's go bad one y'all 1045 at five sixty w w I am so David who just called a lot of go facemouth peace which is very interesting by the way the aborted crime wave and it's uh it's a hypothesis it's a study where they are the conclusion is that because of the fact that the abortion was legalized in 1973 row for every way as the result it says the first had a children born after 1973 turned to 18 1992 and because most crimes are committed by young adult males between the ages of 18 and 24 the absence of millions of unwanted children led to fewer crimes being done by that age group and total researchers say the advent of legal abortion maybe responsible for up to 50% of the drop in a crime rate because it points out that while the New York City crime rate is dropped dramatically because of all the things that they done with the police etc and so on that even in cities like Los Angeles which have been followed suit the crime rate is dropped at the same amount how do you like that so when and out the uh abort amount is that unusual hunt that unwanted children are most likely to become criminals put that in your pipe and smoke it okay are you right wing assholes are you idiots you morons are you fetus lovers here's Fort Lauderdale hello ideal yes sir yes I wanted to talk to you about Santa and uh it really uh what is it kind of concerned out of the minor holiday festival of the blight of lights all where you just you don't even need you how do you supposed to go to school on Santa cut just stay all the lights and this and the songs and uh and uh little dread old rattle y'all have been a dread old rattle rattle I'll come I'm just okay yeah yeah yeah yeah and uh but recently the past I don't know 20 years or so as a uh because the go I ever going nuts with cry with Christmas and the uh lights on a uh uh uh chronicle bush that's right that's what we had a chronicle bush to make up for the Christmas three that's right that's what we see how it's gonna be because uh it's Christmas for Jews that's what Patrick Ewing says monkey seem monkey do and uh and uh I personally think it's disgusting but you know what the hell over em or I'm not saying disgusting but it's a perfluous what's the point it's good for business that's good economy it's good for business because you got to walk there by a whole lot of gifts which is fine I guess because I'm all for a good economy but nevertheless it's uh ridiculous it's a tremendous energy and time what's the point it's just to keep the kids happy because the Jewish kids see all their goisha friends going through the putting the lights up on the house and all that and uh he's up in the zoo for that monkey see monkey do pretty soon the Jews are gonna be willing to exon a face off this way or a possible there you go now you're talking have a great day pal happy I'm not a genuka here's a thing but you're playing I think I've been on this flight but even the uh male flight of headlets were stored this has been on those flights five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty you see I know that a lot of people in the audience people listen every day and they get a kick out of the show they listen for whatever reason but there's a part of their mind where they're saying oh you know Neil must really feel a little bit left out because he's always like on the outside looking in well first of all there are occasions when the just as George with those swing clubs sometimes being on the outside looking in ain't so bad number one and number two I'm happy to be on the outside looking I'm proud I'm pleased this punches Hubert Horatio Humpery would say I'm being on the outside looking and what it comes to all of these things they'll pin in the shot I don't want to be part of the mainstream with this direct okay I just find it the bizarre that I'd like the guy said before like otherwise intelligent people it's kind of like they have a brain fart you know yeah there's just a little part of their brain that they can't clear up there and so as we result oh everybody else does it so we'll do it along going for a pace off stator to uh to and say he's why well I don't know we just do it to go to choose to get drunk have a little Morgan David little manager of it and all of the books maybe even a little grandma boom what's wrong with that she was you wish wasn't she pad boom 5605050 5050 religion in the more for him he gave it a fresh shot and now he had a turn into a punk rocker now pad boom well he sure did used to look good I'll tell you that well you know it's those Glenn as real clean cut Glenn tab hunter here's Evan Ture Hello hey how you doing pretty good hey you finally tell what you found yourself out that's saying for years is that Clinton is the greatest present we've ever had I didn't say ever had but in my lifetime oh well he is in my lifetime so that's right and in that oh that's a zero forward yeah no what uh in the face of everything he's been through to look at what he's accomplished in fact here or forty you know they said he couldn't walk into gum at the same time president Clinton can make world uh uh hinging decisions and get a blow job at the same time I do like that that's right we're working yes what hey uh new one last thing I've already got to you but the front call back that as well right back that answer yeah I just think you got you there sorry I'm sorry to have it to all right please okay thanks okay and happy Hanukkah you too okay happy Hanukkah who are all brothers and sisters out there and sister soldier happy to know could argue as far as he's out there and they like to do holidays they look back at Toda they don't like Chinese restaurants too much but they love the delis you only Chinese they like it's like the animal coast where they can go get those chicken dishes and the watermelon mmm they do like to be like a net five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and you'll notice the only people who call me because you're all a bunch of pussies are the ones who agree with me that it's a wasted time and that it's a silly and it's a monkey see monkey that they're owning one to call me pussies pussy pussy pussy pussy oh coming on the elevator last night at Pompito Park after a rather mediocre evening is usual and what are the guys on them of other sishaini are they how you doing you know it's right or near receiving guy middle age it says I called you they said they kept me on hold for 24 minutes I said oh well was it worthy said you hung up on me this was the guy that called yesterday and a good guy who's a good guy but he called yesterday I wanted to talk about that Cuban kid and I said no no we're drowning in a sea of all this uh Cuban is in my call about a manby I don't want to hear about it I want to discuss it I'm through with that again on the outside looking in and I'm proud I'm pleased nice going Neil thank you nice going it for once you're putting your foot down and say I don't want to hear about that crap anymore this town is suffered an alcoholic garbage and by the way how about those three kids that got shot in the Hollywood have you noticed the suspect here now from that picture on a front of the paper it's in both papers today I'm really not I mean I don't want to jump to conclusions but the guy's name is Nanunano okay oh Steven Nano Nano yeah his name is Steven Nano Nano 21 he needs a suspect and look at now look at the picture it doesn't well yeah when I jumping in it's he like middle eastern is he like slightly dark on the east what does he keep going south west he's from the southwest maybe like New Mexico he looks like one of them here's a mobile in my Miami hello hey doing I wanted to give you some history of history on Hanukkah all right now we're talking here's the guy that knows his crap it's called a festival of rights that's to do with when the Romans took over the June so Sam Romans man there everywhere you know and after the June and Maccabee came back and resulted against the the Romans they went back to this first temple which was destroyed and it found only enough olive oil for one day of lighting of the eternal light and what that was life without olive oil especially in Rome exactly and it was only um they could it was eight days so they can get the next shipment of olive oil in number when Hanukkah was out there meeting with the uh the phony assassin priest and his mule sounding son there oh the oliva that was oil oh I like you like walla could he act or what oh we I'm sorry go ahead I died right well and then the whole idea is it's the miracle of the lights where the one day worth the volatile lasted for eight days until they could get more I do like that and if you walk into a shoe even though I've ever even on my favorite trap to re-eas in Rome one thing olive oil will never live stay days for you exactly but uh if you walk into a shoe you'll see above the uh above the arc you'll see like a little light on top of it that's the light day signify and every shoe you'll see that is called the eternal light yeah yeah yeah okay I don't know I am the smoker doesn't want to quit excellent you cover all the bases nice going pal uh we'll send you a current a camel have a great day okay new poor lights there you're I used to smoke new ports when I was in college used to just tear my throat up like crazy three packs a day I think I want to start smoking again just a piss off my mother five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t wireless lunch and she can start leaving me more articles you know she loves doing that about cigars and about this and about everything I do is wrong but nice job on at the house while I was gone my nice job got tiny up to about twenty five pounds course he's always pushed away ten she likes to overdo just a little bit he's looking good here's a mobile in Orlando hello hey how you doing okay sir hey we need some more radio like here's down here I got a question I don't really like to line all over the world is what we need sir that's what we need hey uh I got a question you can run by some of your Republican friends and I don't have any Republican friends sir I'm gonna have any Republican friends I don't know what you're talking about some of the colors okay yeah a abortion becomes illegal in its states right what's the sentence gonna be if a girl from Florida goes to Georgia where it may be legal and we can we can have a different year send that they have a plan pattern and the abortion clinic off of your head yeah and we can have to go to the airport now on international flights and ask uh do you have your luggage with you the whole time and if you're whites with you are you pregnant that's right that's right that this letter of novian wrong similar questions nobody sings in the asking uh guys in the media on it is only you go to have to who have their nose and every woman's feet and every woman's uh uterus that's right you got that well I don't want to know what the sentence is gonna be you know we got to have a woman who choose good luck and have a happy honeca even if you don't celebrate it marry Christmas too by the way there's the Christ child there's the virgin marry over there she's making another one of those 13 of pieces let's see it's the second only 11 days till arroz alo pez has a virgin marry of course this is a special one because it's right in your Christmas day I wouldn't be surprised if the virgin marry pops another a punches another one out you know why don't you know she's like a turtle she probably in any olden now then she was when she gave birth to the uh to Jesus to yushka huh how about a twin brother son good well a little bit better of a dresser we can only hope although sandals man people are talking all over really bad well you mean up to Jewish counter that we got from your accountant friend yeah but I think it was the one series in my cities right now on your kids out there don't pop your zittas i think that was wrong you get bad scars man alkidia the Jews never want to get through home it's i think it was the of the series the a series how about the uh Jordanians i'm a serious that what the tent Kennedy says he thought it was the uh serious i'm just in coherent with this stuff man i'm just so so tired i mean i maybe one day i'll wake up at all these bubble micees will go away you think that's gonna have no no and we can just get on with the important things in life you know like getting laid stuff like that things that are worthwhile because he knows fun stuff three minutes before 11 at five sixty wqm special Christmas message from mr. jack club come on thank you jack what's that Hannibal again it's 11 at one at five sixty wqm yeah we got to do something about this Jeff the florist okay masquerading number one is a Jew which of course he is not with the name like that that's you know as gracious rogers and the number two caprecio okay repeat after me caprecio rister Dante not rasterante okay i mean i'm sure this is a wonderful place and maybe somebody else in some free food and then somebody will come on here that can pronounce the name of the restaurant right caprecio rasterante if you look up done goi in dictionary there'll be two pictures on the one side on the left there'll be there'll be a large head Joe Rose and on the right there'll be Jeff the florist some goi and in the middle we'll be rick Riley i mean let's get serious caprecio rasterante oh my god so what do you say with the Greeks and the uh the uh uh Syrians five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight to see all you people out there you're going to go in hawka china tomorrow now you're going to go to shoul and you're going to be dovinning one by the way oh my god are we got another hawky game in the middle of hawk on or sound the first full day of hawk on serity night oh my goodness why are they keep doing that are they anti uh anti entelsin is that what their problem is over there they keep every time we have another Jewish holiday this gives another home hawky game we air we go days and days and days no home games then as soon as it becomes jump keeper hey here's a panther game as soon as it becomes the first full day of hawk genuka hey and of course it's not one of those like solemn holidays even i know that so don't use that as an excuse the fact that we're playing a crappy team like the Washington crappell that's a good excuse not to go but please come anyway please did Jacob call by the way to sit and I see it on that serity night did not how about in my land come on Jacob I won't tell five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Miami hello hello yes sir yeah i was just meant to want to make a comment on the uh the abortion thing earlier you mentioned yes sir are you a smoker by the way do you smoke cigarettes no i don't oh damn i don't mean to sound like a right winner yes i don't want to sound like a right winner but i think maybe a better solution and as true as that data might be about the statistics of crime going down with the abortion being in effect i think maybe a better solution instead of like killing the babies might be just to learn to love them instead of oh yeah the learn to love them that's a good general and it's ever dawn on you though to the people of first of all they're beating them up to beat the crap out because they don't want them in the first place yeah exactly and they become abused children and of course we know about abuse people are to ones that abuse other people and kill people new stuff like that true true that's what i'm saying that why would you love a child that you didn't want in the first place well that's what i'm saying is that you got to teach the people that love the children and how do you do that how do you teach people to love somebody how do you do that well she would bring back Johnlin and uh getting together with the local owner again and i don't think that he can run around singing give peace a chant you know a lot of songs and what you do it you learn the theory the theory is great pal but you got to come into the real world well unfortunately that's that's what's wrong with it with the world right now that is not living uh the reality of the real world that is the real world learning to love people is the real world this however is real what's that i said have a great holiday five six seven oh five sixy see all you guys do a series real right by their circuit and panic you okay i wasn't talking to you talk i just said is real five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrl's line yeah we don't want to hear all that jout talk okay Rogers we don't want to hear that jout talk oh there you go there some jout talk i don't get it i doesn't make you feel better to go there is that what it's all about does it make you feel like you're a part of like the elx or the colonis or the rotary or the umasonic lodge god forbid oh and by the way was at the night's a Columbus this book that i'm reading hitlers pope i think was the night's a Columbus is not a good cat luck organization yes but also uh never met a nazi did in like back in those days yeah so many cat luck organizations including the pope of course mr. plosom so pious better new r and of course the excuse says wow this is a good way to keep on the communists we got to find some uh is that we like so that why not the facet Mussolini Hitler never met a facet didn't like here's four miles hello yeah neo one of the lets know i'm a way to block some of the city to punch my brains out i've been there twice with my third trip and i love it really yeah hey everybody tells me it's pretty good of course i won't go there because they don't let Jews in beluxi well you know over here in four miles the big deals the county fair and rodeo and of course you don't have any Jews in four miles so you guys i'll go you're saying no there's nothing you know like watching a redneck and tight pants grab a bull by the horse uh huh you know so that's our big thing for entertainment over here so any peak you've crossed the street and have a bit of you probably come over here to highly of during uh new now or any day the week and watch the cock bites and get more entertainment that you got nine of my week it just gets a really old over here to stop traffic and you know okay something okay i mean any week over about fifty thousand over the weekend how do you like that any kind of excitement i mean we really have my nineties over here so boy damn it's pathetic yeah we're like the fire hydrant of the united states exactly everybody stops just to you know p on it well bring my dogs by this weekend they're like the peel-off they do yeah well have a great time you know what you need to be the drop for casinos you don't have a drop for that like a little you know the bell is going off and whistle something like that oh yeah we we got to said have a great day what I do okay take a bite check it back and out here we need a drop in for casinos we need a drop for a nine thanks oh where's you talking about five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line the out of time I where we just had that great call from the guy to it's going to be lucky this is a big-time for miles eight seven seven suck nil s u k any i l but that's a good way to do it isn't it just to him you spell it right out when it does spell it out because some of the people out there they're a little bit like frido you're not that too smart that's too smart they're a little kind of like dumb you ever noticed listening to some of these calls have some of them are just like a little a little bit dumb here's a lady mobile in Miami hello yes man I well I figured you always say you don't get an app called and you know get very many from women so I figured I break your trend well good for you you're our first woman color of the days we are oh my god and all right I'm Hanatha kind of is a holiday against a simulation it's was the happiness not the romance uh the a Syrian Greek who wanted very much like it is today everybody to be alike and have no differences and they came in and they decorated the temple oh I was right when they came back and cleaned it up the word Hanatha just means the rededications they cleaned it up and they rededicated you could go to a panther game you could enjoy you could do the show white some candles and this is giving is a bunch of garb eyes now let me ask you how many petite alakas do I have to because they're not out on the atkins died it's all carb a hydrated turns right to sugar but I do love in fact if corkeys were still open or not find me beach I'd probably take off in about 20 minutes and go there right now they're being open broward now isn't there a corkeys up in somewhere around there I think so I'm not really sure where I think I think there's somewhere there's a corkeys that still has those green and they did alakas I'm on that kid so I'm having fun that's right yeah you can't have the jelly bill and I see it there I mean the well it's not like it's not even a religious thing is there it's not even a ritual just became a habit in Israel they eat that's the life of that bad word they eat jelly donuts that the eat jelly donuts yeah if the idea is something cooked in oil so you know you're an atkins go have a little piece of meal okay sounds good maybe it sounds good yeah as far as the loving the children instead of the anti abortion thing I have adopted daughter I am thrilled that I have her she's 30 years old most of the children of her genre this is before there was massive drugs have class parents who was of money with learning disabilities emotional problems and other things she was worth I have to tell you when I look around at a lot of them they really hide the parents a lot of problems and I don't think it's anyone's business which you do with your body exactly you know tell these right wingers to get lost please to find a life okay have a happy genica and tag is that and they eat too many jelly donuts make me because they like to suck the jelly out of the donut maybe that's what it's all about what made me like to stuff yeah they like to suck the jelly out of the donut and stuff over the Reese's peanut buttercoat. 9 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM. millions have converted for fun and profit now you too can turn your pagan ways around at old strikes will convert any goi for just 99.95 that's right listen to one of our successful graduates. I can I shall learn Malakheh I shall learn at old strikes will convert anyone into a Jew Malakheh I'm what the left my wallet at home. In the last year Tranglated means Sturdis did you make sure to give me a kosher meal Lek Mahala Samala Who translated yes rabbis a check is in the mail Yes, you too can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at old strikes Act now and get a free yardside candle for just $10 or old strikes will convert any goi for just 99.95 or more if we can Laugh him how the hell must the three backwards for Christ day come 14 at 560 don't do it for Christ eggs do it for Yeshua A Florida woman given away by her hairstyle was sentenced by a Jamaican judge to 12 months in prison for smuggling cocaine in her Hair a newspaper reported on Tuesday sure one to brown Pleaded guilty charges of possession and dealing in the early 2.2 pounds of cocaine The court was told that brown accused police that aroused police suspicion before she boarded an air Jamaica flight to Orlando never remember 14 because she had unusually high here And she didn't look like Carmen Miranda a search revealed the package of cocaine wrapped in a stocking Stuffed in her hair at the time brown told polis She had put the package there as a treatment for her hair her lawyer Earl Wright pleaded with magistrate Joyce Better to find brown saying his client was the mother to free or to whatever his client was the mother of two young children in face of your economic difficulties There we go again a good case for abortion sports sterilization Your honor she died in any way try to deceive this court someone tricked her right said she can't say that mr Right to judge said the police took it from off her head 12 months Yeah, I'm months in jail for sure. Wanda And as if that is exciting enough from the fact machine here come 885 pages of good stuff about chanuka Hanako, which means dedication also is referred to as the festival of lights is a Jewish fest end by the way. This is under minor holidays Including poram how do you like that? According to these vases here these he then poram is only a minor holiday at the farm They just don't get the good homeintosh and I guess they must get those little stale or rotten ones those hockey pucks They realized how major a holiday poram is if they had the good stuff Those good stuff soft ones we get from the what's in it at bakery pastry lane is that it? Which I think they shine this this last year Anyway, the festival of lights is Jewish festival beginning on the Hebrew date of the 25th of kiss lab and the in last for eight days through the second up to vet This year that corresponds to December 4th of December 11th, Hodeka commemorates the victory of the macabees led by Judah over the Hellenistic Syrians and a revolt took place around 165 BC The Jews used BC E before the commoner and CE the commoner instead of BC and AD because they don't believe in your ski The victory in itself has considered a miracle but Jewish legend gives an additional explanation for the Hodeka rituals explained below Once the temple mountain Jerusalem had been reclaimed the temple had to be rededicated the coin Religion only one jar of Sacramento olive oil was found enough for one day Racklessly it doesn't say olive oil Racklessly the oil probably was like a canola The oil miraculously burned for eight days the eight days of Hanukkah how do you like that? Oh the most important Hanukkah ritual is the candle lighting of course and you have to stand over there and Daven over the candles like my bubble used to do as per the Friday nights on Chavez is standing with your hand He not but eat but a little bit about I but I thought or no, yeah, yeah, and you drew a lot And that cast the magic stone you drew a lot because you're hungry for those potato Aquies and maybe for those jelly donuts each night one more candle is added the middle candle called the Shamash Is used to light each of the other candles in its lit every night? I never heard that before Shamash did you ever hear that the middle finger was called Therefore on the first night of Chinooka two candles are lit the Shamash and the candle for the first night and on the last night There are nine candles lit It is traditionally eat foods fried in oil. Oh my god You're wearing Hanukkah some of these of course are potato locus which I would make an exception there like those great little potato locus from corkies and Sufganyote Which is jelly donuts. What is that like poskodnyox you've got you know that must be the same thing And it goes down about the drails and about the letters none Yiml hey pay Ness go to high out whatever at all all that. I don't know what that means that's the letters on the sides of the your drail Dreadily you just wore dry drive drive from the German dragin Means to turn the game is played by literally turning spinning the drail top and waiting to see which letter will show face up when the Dreadal stops spinning the falls or is it just gonna be a dollar sign? Card playing on Hanukkah. That's right the tradition to begin in the Middle Ages among older yashiva students Those old how about house uh Escapeies At Hanukkah time a respite from the study was permitted in students expressed that you were the holiday by involving themselves in open game of chance Tradition of playing cards continues until this day cheese delicacies also On Hanukkah when you drink it up at that good holiday wine. You also cut the cheese And what could be better than Hanukkah a good holiday goose it says never pass up a good goose In early centuries was common practice to use the fat of followers of per holiday delicacies because goose is so fatty A bird it became traditional to serve goose on Hanukkah and to render its fat Some of which was set aside for use on the Passover On the Passover that's like an April. Let's see this in January for a more jacke Okay, like a little bit gaming between like uh Jesus god So there you go we're getting a great education here in spite of the audience which is uh, they're all out there going to show That's right they're busy shopping till they drop for gift in and all what it's all about Potato lotks and donuts it says are two of the favorite Hanukkah foods among the world But in Israel donuts are equally as popular as pancakes with a two-edin common again is oil both being deep fried and very very bad for you Our symbolic of the cursive the crews of oil which miraculously burn for eight days and it's got even a little recipe here for potato Aquis I do like those can't have them, but I sure do like those Those great little especially like a little nice nice and crisp running outside like almost burnt not burnt but almost burnt Here's a mobile in four miles hello Hi, how are you pretty good sir? I talked to a couple times in the past never mentioned this to you in our previous conversations I'm a rabbi over here all the I have a little Hanukkah kid that everything you just read was wonderful and and pretty accurate But I have something I think there's a show in there's a show in four miles There's a lottery form and we have a conservative show. Yeah, no worth a box though Well, there's aabad house, but there's no there's the only real orthodox people here are the Actualabad rabbi understand the getkies. Yeah, yeah, here's the story I love that is one of my favorite words in the world getkies. But anyway, I'm sorry. That's okay We have two sources for the history of Hanukkah. Yes, one is the book of macabees And that was written pretty close to the time that the events took place The second source is the tomid which is it leaped 600 600 50 years later The book of macabees doesn't say a word about boy or burning for eight days. It's only about the military victory The palm wood almost ignores the military victory and only talks about this oil Burning for eight days What happened in between the palm wood or I should say in between the book of macabees in the tomid was That the macabees themselves that has money and dynasty that defeated the Syrian Greeks He came pretty how anized themselves and so when the book of macabees is written These guys are heroes by the time the palm it comes along There no longer in favor there. Oh, they decayed corrupted themselves The tomid ignores them and this legend of the oil is created In the cover story The reason for Hanukkah being eight days long is because they modeled it after the holiday of circus and the eighth day of Sokis release collection you need of serrd but I like circus much better than Hanukkah's is a much yeah That they modeled it after that and the oil comes up 650 years later as a legend to a legend of Oh, man the military victory of The macabees. Yeah, oh, I do like the way I like the sound of that though the macabees. It just just I'm always like that Yeah Another bubble my sea. Okay. Thank you so much my friend Thank you and have a great amount of whatever it's gonna be It's gonna be as easy a carica baby. Okay, and if he's in a pace off to it's never too early to start You have a key type good spot in the Exactly, don't pass up. I'll tell you what pass up over goo is yes a little chip About the lackus leave it to a Jew for a little tip yes sir. It's your mother and man shower cream Not so bad. Oh, I agree. I though I love that. Okay. Thanks a lot. I'm going right now. Thanks. That was so nice I guess we're going for a potato lock is right now smothered slathered in sour cream They got a stuff before you know who did corkies tomorrow maybe you think for a tenuka Tomorrow corkies doesn't know what yet, but they're bringing us some whole bunch of those great little potato pancakes Slathered with real good sour cream that has no carbohydrates in it by the way even though the potato pancakes do and we don't care because we're not doing the Atkins on a Jewish holidays How can you do the Atkins of beaten jelly donuts anyway? So I mean, you know your damn if you do and then the few with how about we You I'll tell you what we'll have potato pancakes and crispy cream or maybe the don't condone us people tomorrow being Friday I don't know what the first team did to piss them off, but they don't show up anymore The first team pissed them off. They must have it probably found out that Jeff the force they really Jewish. I mean they love us after the after they heard the Jeff the force say that Cup coppricio rest around the oh My god, I mean, I know that defluorist is a total sellout, but that's to me. He's just so Unconcutable so goyish Capricio rest around day Make you long for the days when many martes used to do more spots Don't do it Not on not era of Hanukkah don't do it five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the 18 t on let's hear from some Jews around the world today who smokes cigarettes Hey, I wonder if you can smoke cigarettes on Hanukkah how about chocolate cigarettes what holiday they now that's true as a kid I can remember We used to have chocolate cigarettes and they were they associated with one of the holidays that I remember which one maybe was pays off But you would definitely eat chocolate cigarettes 877 785 6345 is our worldwide line 877 suck kneel S. UK any I. Oh, please Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Oh I'm a boy Neil, but I would like to say that I am also a smoker that doesn't intend to quit anytime soon good for you I'm on your side. I don't smoke no cigarettes, but I'm gonna tell you right now I'm getting sick and tired I was a militant anti smokers and a phony baloney government that just subsidizes the back of growers and then tries to punish and sue everybody I'm getting real sick and tired of them They like the tax money, but they don't you know what I will however that goes. Yeah, no, no, the thing it's really despicable is The anti the smokers is is though is pretty bad, but the worst thing is is if you've been smoking for 50 years And then you decide all of a sudden you want to sue okay like you're not responsible for your right activity Okay, I mean, but there's nothing wrong with it You enjoy a cigar. I enjoy a cigarette and that's it. What's wrong with a good bag of every now and that's right I'm smoking on it and a cigarette too right all right, and also I don't forget to love those children Neil. Oh god, you know what I get to say about that. Listen to this Neil. It's better no life than a miserable horrible abused life Okay, there you go. Okay, Neil God bless you sir. Thanks. I'll pray for apple my hands together for you right now 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 877 suck Neil on the worldwide line 1127 by the way. You got Kate Smith on VH1 there. She looks really big fat and robust and look what happened to her cheat That happened because she was smoking. Oh, no, it happened because she fat and had a stroke I believe and then turned into a little little puddle in the middle of a wheelchair Here's Kate. Bye. Goodbye. We'll are one more time. Come on. She couldn't look any worse now than she did that last time they wheeled her out there on TV Oh, that was just grow test. Here's what used to be Kate Smith everybody to wave goodbye one last time She weighs about four pounds I'm hyper-finally I Have like the guy in the guy your golden prison on other people's radians That's what you do is continue Why some both parents the R.P. I thought this country was free as far as what anybody else like to do I like to know it will actually not aware of the cancer and hard attack to the mean time I'm a selfie as I can get But she can't do all her getting me pissed and I'd like her strangle the son of a bitch that tells me not to smoke pot cigarette Slow smoke smoke that's a direct Slow smoke I don't care if I smoke pot help again. I don't give a crap what you say I'll get the hell out of my way Oh Now you can't smoke it most restaurants for serringers or even bars. It's the most spacious the gen. I've seen Not only any judgment fast on me by some take the money as I just because I'm smoking it at cigarette Oh I'm gonna have a little fun. Okay, door hands out of my lungs The one two streams of those two teams about how dangerous cigarette containers smoking the Gee, I guess it's okay for them If you want any more S I smoke a lot fat lefty bed light over you can just buy ass cigarette Smoke smoke that cigarette Okay, we heard from a one person who they was a smoker and doesn't want to quit and it's a contair to be Pralbe in the button. He's the only one I guess because all of us have been brainwashed in the you know You're filthy and evil and your hands are like all this colored and your teeth are like this colored and smell really bad And etc. Which is a good point, but nevertheless We know hold it against you in fact I'd rather be around somebody that the smokes than somebody who's fat and disgusting and oozing all over like Josh Friedman and smells real bad But anyway Here's the fact speaking of that it says the high knee a lot was listening to your show a few days ago And you were talking is if all black people are criminals and lived in the worst neighborhood I don't know where you get your ideas from my made decent black to make any woman all wait a minute Got a lot more on time Well seriously, they're a black a decent black to make in woman Isn't that an oxy moron? You mean an impurious obnoxious the condescending piece of crack is that what you really mean? Oh, thank you who lives in one of the best neighborhood which is Jack Wright election plantation Which is 99.9% white see there's always one cigarette a wood pile. I told you She says you fat bald head baster not bald headed you fat bald head baster. What she says? I didn't say that what is it say you say that all black people are criminals Well, they were I didn't say that I just said most Let's say all those wrong with you bitch or she's been making. I'm sorry speak for itself. It was any in priest caught with the 11 kilos of cocaine hidden beneath his cassock told police he was trafficking the drugs to save a struggling daycare setting And say a powerful Brazil Yeah, police got father George Saliba trying to board a flight from C.O. Paulo to honest it In what the priest said was this fifth international drug run Drums for Christ baby. We're gonna stay in the boys in the hood So leave a city to live repay 30 grand money to they said went to church sponsored children's daycare center and Say, O. Paulo's poor urban neighborhood. I'll for a goose a fraguesia Fraguesia did oh, do oh yeah That's the last part of the award. It's Who's where I had Hensia as thought was said? Brazil while not a major producing nation of drugs is sometimes used as a waste station by smugglers trying to get drugs to rich markets In a federal probe under way here along list and promond officials were implicated last week in drug trafficking Including a well on university professor and a former president of a local soccer team. Oh, right if you don't like your soccer There you go, and if you do like her poker 1135 at 5.50 WC human file sound a little bit in coheritics because I've had like a 16 packages of pork wines with that delicious And this is from Margaret friend Alan over there at Delight's Walden farms calorie free blue cheese dip The pork wines have zero Carbs none and the blue cheese dip has Zero carbs you can just sit there and shovel this down your throat and it tied jewelry till on standard on his time And I'm sure that mommy will have some great potato lockies won't you? No, no, she knows I can't eat that Although I will be very upset and disappointed if she doesn't 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line our tool free number for the rest of the universe 877 785 Neil 785 63 45 Here's coral springs hello Coral springs He's gone here's a homestead hello Good morning sir, how are you okay? Still morning? Couple things you tell my corkeys We used to drive from South Miami to corkeys North Miami Beach just to eat the potato pancakes of course absolutely that was a hat of sauce They had they had apple sauce and and sour cream and all that what you wanted was the the bill pickles and the Little pancakes with the sour cream absolutely all you want the rest was window dress yeah exactly But so we go up there several years ago I don't remember what was in places gone and a couple years back I've been neighbors and I'd be exactly I found in the frozen food section of my my local Publics Corkeys Potato You have enough the same There are no it's some company out of Chicago bought the trademark and they are crap right I mean they are crap golden makes a good frozen one But not like corkeys oh no hell no there's nothing like corkeys okay second thing I'm a smokeer who doesn't choose to quit and I find it offensive at the way people treat you In public you you can be stand like some kind of a leper now That would be like an active yeah You stand you stand and and the and the outside the mall or whatever and you pull a cigarette at your pocket Everybody looks at you like you know your your poison Only in America by the way sir only here. This is the only country in the world where the public has been conditioned to treat you smoking Baxter like a bunch of criminals because they're one else in the world folks cigarette that's right you got a Europe or each if you're one of them Amsterdam they were all smoking something either You know you know I'm saying something well that's that's and right and by the way they roll their own over there I'm not talking just about we but I'm talking about cigarettes You're some of them you know they buy the pack but it's a lot cheaper and most of the people over there roll their own cigarette The same in the middle east Same in the middle east there you go okay the reason I call this FDA crap is going on this this I just found out about this like yesterday I don't know what when this crap started trying to control Nicotine they haven't got a Chinaman sense the article today the good news for is the Supreme Court says no right get serious Well I'm surprised that you missed a really Sailing at point in this whole damn thing yeah Whatever you want to call this Devicle going on with the FDA if they want to control something control pot And you exit yeah, let me tell us cigarettes I'm on very taxing the crap that I'm cigarette now they're not gonna do it. It's America man Maybe another 15 maybe another hundred years, but I mean that's but that's a realistic Go yeah Controlling cigarettes is an unrealistic goal. I mean the politicians and they're how these people and in control of our lives Are doing absolutely nothing worth what I can't see the media their co-conspirators and they work with the federal government the brainwashed The public about the evils of the wicked weed the evils of smoking cigarettes et cetera and so on for some reason They don't talk too much about the evils of sugar and the evil so yeah, all right, you're right, you know you're absolutely correct Sir and on that note I will go light up and have a great holiday There you go. He's gonna light one up right now He's gonna apologize how do you like that? He's gonna start popping on a faggot right now 560 I think America's general version of the fact you're talking that's part of the problem 5675 We got 400 open lines for you here by the way We're having a real intellectual discussion about Hanukkah and about Christmas and about smoking and about all of these things And about abortion and about how come there's not so much crime anymore? There used to be since we have abortions and we don't have somebody unwanted kill kids killing people et cetera 15 million things out there on a plane including those great little potato luck is this is five 60 All right, this one goes out to Jeffrey Dama. Sorry you couldn't be here very proud of you Yes, not roasting on an open fire Now I'm nibbling on his nose My anticipation makes me start to fire now his liver part is on my toast Everybody knows is pinky and his little toast Hard to find when eating like So take flesh and to find in a bowl We'll be part of my snack tonight Some people say that I am sick Because I've eaten human eyeballs on a stick and That one sitting I am gonna try to down a torso So I'll lay I'm the five and so I'm taking out my power source To dice some heads for humans to It works the ocean in the basket, but there's one thing I know I'll never make reservation Oh Give it up a gaze on sacrifice It's $1.45 and five 60 WCM I was just held in George one night at about two thirty in the morning I come in and Amsterdam in my hotel room. I turn on TV and flipping the channels and there is like the last 25 minutes or so of the hitcher My whole time favorite movies with the speaking of finger foods with rucker how are and see Thomas howl make it And they're just at the point of the scene where we talked about on FX what's that FX where they They clipped out that scene there where he spits and worked your hours face and of course They're just at that point and they bring Tom howl and there and he looks at him and he grabs his hand because And the way he put his hand between his two hands by the way was also a little bit suggestive and Tom howl spits in his face and of course Did they believe it out? No, or is not? And because I haven't seen the original one and so long the unbliped out one and then you see what your howl Taking his hand is a drag Tom howl. Oh, and that was a bad idea. Let's get him out of here And he like is rubbing the spittle against the round is chin you know like with a big smile on his face I mean if there isn't something pseudo psycho sexual about all of that then my name ain't Whatever I made up you know what I'm saying that's right Very interesting movie 567560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line 877 on a tool free line 877 785 6345 Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello What a phone up You can give to it Yeah, okay 567560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line like I just said here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello Hello Two in a row two in a row how do you like this? Yeah, are you there? I'm here I haven't been here 20 seconds ago if you had your radio turned down Well, we're not perfect, you know, I know we're just trying to drive the car and talk on the telephone same time I know and for most of you not probably not a good idea, but anyway Well, good morning Happy Khanica well, I'm so happy the Irish people are getting along today We're gonna be able to Have no more wars of low each other up in peace right exactly, huh, right? Like the Middle East piece of core we've got our 85th one just in the last 10 years. It's great It's wonderful. He said it's a great day for the Irish that that's what the George Mitchell said He said it's a great day for the Irish and now Goldstein said I hate the Irish, so there you go Yeah, but I'll go see these the least of this he's got all the beautiful women right that's what he says Okay, well the reason I was calling was just a second morning and also that every time when you leave town and you put George on the Yeah, run the show It's it's over life is over life is over. I got those for sure if that's the case How come George had any five-mentioned calls here last week and even my close friend any mosque all up here? I'm money it said oh, you know what George was on the phone to bring it off the hook and everybody was all whipped up into a frenzy and they're all calling and buck up on my other This and that how come that's the case when I come back I sit here for the fourth day and a row today Big and cleaning for somebody to talk to why is that because we're glad to have you back Oh, you're glad to have me back so I can sit here and suffer and nobody'll talk to me Thank you, so you make I hell of a lot of sense as in I hate the Irish right God Yeah, it was all over George. It was all over It's all over and those tapes were so great that I and asking all week if anybody heard the tape on Thanksgiving Day and the Friday that followed last There's the in Friday. I finally got two people to call it couldn't tell me what I was talking about though Last year's in Friday on those old boring messed up tapes Everybody's got a story. Everybody's got another story But for me. I'm used to it. It's 23 years of the same old tired crap nobody's got anything to say and especially the masses out there A bunch of pussy's because they don't have the guts to call up and disagree or say something that might be a little bit contrary Mary We got 50 open lines right now. Can't look at it. We've got a few calls on there But we could be doing a hell of a lot better. I'll tell you that we can have 600 calls on there right now And I feel a lot better about it not that I necessarily want to talk to one of them, but it's you know it's like a I don't know you know what I'm talking about don't you know Here's Miami. Hello Yes, it's my brain's rising cell phone Yes Corchese potato pancakes We don't know who bought that company but the enemy hot dogs body. I do like the enemy hot dogs by the way Yeah, and the the ingredients are we knees Yeah, they are and the ingredients on the pancakes are exactly the same as when courtes made them Are you talking about the frozen ones? Yeah No, it's not the same It is that you had a you know the way that is frozen is never the same as the original Well courtes use to freeze them to yeah But they actually improved on a now their OU kosher and it's uh I think the better Okay, yeah, no, we don't want froze. We want the real thing brought in here tomorrow We want to see if we still have the touch you know what I'm saying He uses them from the enemy people I don't kind of care where he gets him. I want them to slip us in some most stuff tomorrow All right, I'll get them off. Okay, thanks and we want some kishki too by the way There's nothing that will Hanukkah. I don't think but nevertheless. Oh, yeah I wish that Philadelphia we're still open on Alt and Road on the Beachboard. That was that was as good as it gets The Philadelphia. I want to say a day what that what's the place down the street the market The I'm not kosher market. It's not kosher, but the uh not a story now no the big market down the street from the Violet Deli on Alt and Road the uh the epicure Spots are mine about 800 different times over the years. I'm sure they must still be open See nothing is the same anymore on the beach, you know Like the old famous boy there was the best restaurant that ever existed in this town I think a lot of people choose this person but also some glam would agree with me That was one of the very best restaurants that ever opened its doors in this town with the famous restaurant I'll watch the navinum And then we started having changing neighborhoods again, you know and instead of the kishki and the mottables We started with a pae and rice and that's direct, you know George is people Started moving in and as soon as George is people moving did you as they go oh Anyone like crazy to bokeh You weren't so racist Oh, were the ones in her racist Oh, mother and guess what were the race we wound up in bokeh with what you got We're good you got a little havana You know what else you got you got Pembroke Pines Pembroke lakes the centuries young and you know what you can have it Even you moved out of there And George moved out of Pembroke lakes all the humans were moving in to crowded Here's Hollywood hello Hey, what's up, Neo? How are you doing sir? Hey, the best thing seem more pale every day for corkeys was Then that company up to Wisconsin because Let me tell you some it's a lot easier to work with the tadas where it's a climate that's frozen and down here in 90 degree weather You know where the potato gets a lot of movement of course, you know who's famous for potatoes don't just sure Oh the Irish I hate the Irish But yeah, you'll send you some of them. He's a good guy Mr. Bailey. He is a good guy. Yeah, but I want to build pale. He was a good guy too I want to tell you about this why is this politician down here Miami Joe Joe Kahn will you know the Cuban woman that that's a that's a representative for the house the inner Indiana gross latent in the Rosanna Dana this lady. I'm so sick of this lady. I've been living out here 15 years and all the lady tried to do it It's hot Yeah, that's exactly right. Yeah, trying to bust up relationships with with Cuba Those people need to let the embargo You know, so Cuba people can have a home people over there so they can fix their houses All right, and and so get the goddamn casinos back to everything man I mean this is the only glitch in the whole thing I had not only that but I guarantee there's plenty of her one out of two over there We got to get the flights back every day from American Airlines so we can get some good drugs over there too That's right. We need another you know another way to get it in here And if we can get those hand grenades over there on the American Airlines flights them and be over there That bearded bastard make everybody happy what about those cigars man? We can't even get those cigars out here We got to go through Canada some more country. Oh, we got to go to next right there's no souvenirs in Miami Beach Made in Cuba brought in through Canada. Yeah, and we have an embargo with Cuba. So we're losing a battle man I'll tell you one thing you can buy those Cuban cigars in Amsterdam You can yes, you can You can buy a motor guy's foot, but all the good smokes. Yeah, I'm trucked out And back to you very ex-mus Yeah, the poor guy in there left out you know Christmas kind of a sad little holiday now compared to Hanukkah's big time eight days Big time Dread old rattle rattle No So sad so so silly it's so silly and of course the go and then sister silly with the kids with the Easter eggs on you know on the lawn Otherwise do like the chocolate Easter bunnies Huh Easter candy good Especially not the hollow bunnies is solid one. Oh, yeah solid hollow hollow war like awful because it'll eat real thin Chinticep point chimsy Now we had about two puns of chocolate on a plane coming back from Amsterdam for about those cream filled eggs. Hmm I love cream filled Speaking of our friends at our former friends at Dunkin donuts they could bring in jelly donuts tomorrow for Ahanaka and they don't have to talk to the morning guys. They can just shine those guys Oh, what's wrong with that See let's see if the duck and donuts guys have got any balls. Okay. They can bring in breakfast tomorrow morning We're gonna jelly donuts for Hanukkah and then we can have corkies bring in the potato pancakes slathered with sour cream And then wind up with a tremendous Indigestion all weekend long just before the back feed boys concerts Sunday at the macarena and the a panther game wins Saturday night by the way to Jacob calling yet. Oh, I want to go to the game with me Pretty sad commentary that I got that one empty seat because John refuses to go to that game on Saturday night He just said he read it. He said he'd rather play in traffic than go see the panther or a capital game I can't play me beyond his cookie 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 877 775 Whatever that is kneel 785 63 45 4 minutes till noon we got Hanukkah over get two we got the herkun hotline at 6 from the hex center from the Ben hex center And 811 we got the stevers in the jaguars and boys anybody doubt the outcome in that game This is 5 60 UAL vivo Sony sports showdown Are you up to the challenge? No Saturday morning today only on sports radio 5 60 Q a Minus Minus Minus Minus Minus Minus Minus Hi kids y'all like good little fingers I put little sound that comes right out you think Want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid to write little songs about Google My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which by school. I'm going to fart on Conducted gray ass you old man you passed good Hey, I'm not what I was Ain't you look well say age 12 and seem like I always smell like Thought ripping gases and just was pretty swell I got pissed off when I took my jeans off and fun and so hard into my under way backwards like Chris Krark And every night I'm like oh dinner that then fun of my ass passes a fat day two You fat smell this honey My I just see to what I mean kick out back in junior high said the problem was some problem My ass and die I shot him in the face with my baby the worst happened later when I covered his desk with use toilet paper Walking the strip club my chances will feel the most about tennis took a dozen a tip With over to a dad to head a fuck in her gosh She lifted a leg up and I do she was a father United night and I'm not by with lie to I just Now I'm out I'm out. I'm all kids For what to be a famous rapper They've affected about three guns. They don't the crap You know you would dirt when the women first leave you try to hold it back I was careful But I had to go go drop the kids off and move my aint it my aint it my aint it My aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it I'm going to be a Five fifty w two way I'm walking to our big noon to one hour List of double talk with Tuesday by the way from the lights away spoke is pretty damn good to you know I'm just in here eating the whole thing right out of the yeah almost no carbs For a little no sugar. It's got aspirin and it which by the way Let me say it again the RC die call it would be Splendid in it is splendid This The epic it used to the taste it doesn't taste the same as saccharino raspiratema for the first 20 or 30 oh two liter containers Seriously, epic it used to the taste. I'm just swishing that stuff that Hmm, this is good This is delicious Well, sure hope I have room for lunch today at Maz What and then of course for the potato monkeys we're gonna have tomorrow and the jelly donuts and I see the jelly donuts I can't I will I will well 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the 18 T wireless line the out of town line not too good today Had a couple of days this week when it was like yesterday I do believe was pretty good. We had calls from my here and from there and over young but not today not too much activity They're all about their buying their Hanukkah candles Didn't their Hanukkah guilt ready whatever the hell I did 87 775 53 45 See Hanukkah guilt I guess is for people not creative enough to buy different gift every day so they probably put a you know two cents plain and envelope Shall we worry about people like you've money for gifts like George's birthday is this coming Monday And last couple years I have how many years in our own our last two years and George's birthday give much check As my way of rewarding him for the great work they does and being underpaid and appreciated to hear especially But I mean giving money for Somebody's birthday or for holiday is so crass and I'm sure that he probably would turn it down, but nevertheless His steric laughter well, you know, I guess he's got away another few months since for his bonus until that quiet period gets over with and they you know There was no like cash. Yeah, I don't need that check a nice fruit basket. It'll do okay See, you know just ahead at halfway made out to right up to the dollar amount 567 0560 rhymes with chicksy come on let's get with it here today We're solving the problem of why you're going to show why you're going to church do I don't know about that. I guess they go to mass on the Christmas isn't that like a big church going time Christmas Eve Or is that just a time of your way to put all that crap under the under the Christmas tree it depends on the culture What do you mean by that the a big celebrate Oh, it's been a concert by the way forget about that. I'm gonna talk about that It's boring spraised thinking of that so I go to the doctor yesterday doctor dick Which I'm sorry for calling doctor Paul a co-factor Bob but I thought his name was Robert Robert Richard nice Jewish name when David They're all the same with Evans as me, but his name happens to be Richard so from now on we'll call him Dr. Dick and My good friend Gary who I think really no look Gary is well I think I do know what he is but I mean, I don't know what his is he really like a doctor Oh, he's like Igor he's like a mad assistant So he draws my blood and he's not that I've been a dude as usual yet to routine and You can see you know not a bad job no pain in my right arm there He found a nice vein and a drain-hiple bruised like the drain-divaine and as I'm getting all done already to go So in walks this guy, you know nice to look in human guy who's the head of the lab Who came into personally apologize for the fact they screwed up my homo System test for my time and this guy's got a whole kit under his arm. It's all a cheese and I like a couple minutes too late Because I got this whole big battery of test that we do it's like a $700 deal And they test the I mean every kind like all the cells in your body How much vitamins of every vitamin in between is in there and it's a very comprehensive run down So you'll notice I also have a Mark a very tiny mark on my look at a good job He did on that one huh just like a little prick on my left arm So I've got a zinion dollars worth of test there and by the way how much did I pay yesterday? I'll show you you see when I screwed up the first time and it's they were good. They were very nice about it So if you get screwed over the best of the best philosophy is bitchy butter, but I really especially helps if you have a radio show Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello Oh, no, yes, sir. I think what I wish you happy holidays and back to you sir. Thank you Why but back to it It's good to hear you again the last time I spoke to you was several weeks ago on the guy that referred to you Are my any politics is a banana republic yeah, I've been in California since that I'm just getting back now All I wanted to do all I really wanted to ask you what's new in Miami because you only knew that we get out there in California Well Miami was that story about Miami Beach restaurant age Japanese and the search rush the black couple High Tony yeah, they thought like no, no, there's no couple we just won guy Okay, well they thought that story yourself there and the other and the other Sprout chewing anti-smokers in California feel that the air state's government is so I don't know there's so nice this time of your holidays using the gyms So let's spend the rules for this little kid that was on the raft that they rescued how I don't stay But the funny we don't we're not discussing that sir not on the show We don't discuss anything ever you do with Cuba on a show. I was put it this way this is the anti-cubus show We just don't discuss it. We don't we're hoping that if we close our eyes and debate the moon that two will just go away And all the people who are obsessed with that wreck Well, this is my father's me about the whole situation. Are you not talking about you're not talking about that? Are you sure? Because I just thought you're saying we're not talking I was trying to call just to talk to you about that Yeah, we're not talking about that I know that's not what I'm pissed off about what are you pissed off I'm driving in From out of state and all I wanted to do was call in because I didn't have you Okay, well you keep saying that and obviously I'm not too happy that you did Here's I almost forgot about this George is big prime co-operns this Saturday his birthday party and is the big Apprentice at 1996 North Federal Highway between Oakland and commercial is that correct on the east side and wherever that is for a lot of now Noon to two this Saturday go buy and see George they'll have all kinds of giveaways for you Also you can buy the best in the LCDs and cassettes for center one and also the key chains What I do my key chain every time I stick one of these in my pocket Somebody your grabs it. Yeah, it's hard to keep a hold of these and by the way Could we have like a couple who doesn't more you think maybe the nephew has got a stagio in there They were supposed to be getting some work today. Yeah, I would hope you are that that's another thing this year with a center one thing Air be a little like the first CD that I said I'm so glad that I just thought I said it's up that day It's specs at the saw grass mall at first appearance. I said hey how about go over there and grab me one of the CD so I can listen to it See how they sound And I took at home and I put it in the pop that in the player and I went oh, hey because if I wouldn't have done at that day We'd have had a nightmare that nobody would have ever recovered from It's right So don't forget to go see George this Saturday noon two with the prime code Since 1996 North federal highway and tell them how much you like to show about my vacation and how I should get a lot more vacations Because you like to show so much that sounds real good to me Even unpaid vacation sounds real good. Yeah I don't know if they do that here. I know what I OD we used to have an option of taking like an extra couple of weeks here if we didn't want you know I never did that But wouldn't that be interesting? It took a couple of extra weeks and just didn't get paid for it They probably go for that in the big way here. How long as we get the spots on? What Nothing I think it's go for that. I think 15 or 16 weeks vacation is enough 9 minutes past noon at 5.60 WQA I just built infrared The other cup is a 2 a m dot com for all the latest dolphins information in your pants So we'd break 9.00 blank beat the broadcast report radio 560 WQA B that getter me Yeah, I think it were We're so close in so many areas and And I think I've Improved a lot. I'm keeping building on it and it's just a matter of Cutting down the errors but that I can't On the west side of the river a dead team that's going down Then in the middle lands will the best games lands. I just draw a side-dave it brown When I dated Here from the Can't keep the ball off the floor Oh And if they get off the path you can bet your half that the other teams gonna score Go these bad I dated brown For this a set you for each touchdown It's not the oven had in the wrong And what's in a stylus song Now if you go down to the swamp lands and you think you smell it all You're not being supposed and that is how the decomposing boat is dead brown We devolve if they've married the renaissance by All the shots are all for boat his hands We might have basaloo She'd do the nasty air pollution down in the middle lands Cause they bad They bad brown It's gross fall in the session for each touchdown ride It's not the other than having the run And we're saying a stylus song Cause they bad bad They bad brown If they get involved they'd be the Mona Lisa Fant They should chop off all his nails And give the ball back to all business 15th Oh my god, I see This is unbelievable I'm acceptable because now I've got to go to mommy's for lunch today She's gonna be psychotic I already had enough of that Diad double chocolate killer low carb cake And I had the 16,000 Barbecue pork rinds And the half a gallon of that blue cheese no carb dressing So you don't have to have any of these I mean that was quick service Quarkies that just sends over thank you Quarkies we love you Wouldn't surprise me if they're bunch of people What I'm gonna do is I'll take some of them to mommy's How's that? I won't need them now. I'll take them over there. I'm bringing potato lock is my We'll just put a couple on a plate and you're that apple sauce that I see and sour cream and sour cream all right All right, all right Boy girl sports fans We got potato lock is with apple sauce and sour cream all right now we're talking We don't mucky around an issue baby And you people talking about frozen only go in me frozen Let me take a look at that Wow a whole big platter of potato lock is no less enough for the Jewish army Oh man And they're cooked just the way I like them just a little yeah crispy not burned but like a stage beneath before being brilliant Talk about just a little over cooked just perfect Just one will do right now just for now to time me over to none. I'll just one don't be a goddamn potato pushy're okay You know what they say about potato pushy's I hate the Irish WQA I'm lunchtime Hello, hello, yes, sir Meal yes What's up man? Hold on WQA I'm that life That's nothing. You're speaking Hey, how you doing buddy pretty good where you're coming from? Maple oh Naples now we're talking All right, what do you think what do you think a large and leave in the radio? Who? Here are here Mark Larson's leaving the radio the end of the air who's that? You know Mark Larson up in Tampa never heard of him you never heard of him no He does before Bob's who? Not interested to just like I told the guy yesterday. Yeah, we don't care don't you understand Good boring okay, we don't care about Bob Larson about Mark Larson Mark in the dark Don't Larson okay, we don't care God some of you people on a west coast It must rub off that's like the chicken and the egg question of the day With those people so boring before they got there or did it rub off or maybe that's why the area so boring over there in the west coast because the wrong people live there just like here God that's all they want to talk about is the people that are land though They call all we do know on real radio. Oh, we got there. Yeah, and then what's his name Jim Phillips up there and we got Mark Larson I never heard of Mark Larson I have no idea who that is Yeah, and by the way these are some of the best guy to have potato pancakes ever invented each of your hearts out all you old Jews out there Man You're kishkiz out because we're sitting here eating the great potato pancakes. You don't have to be a Jewish to enjoy corpions potato Lockers, I'll tell you that right now. I'll do it helps Here's Hi Ali. Hello And back to you stand first the expensive Ross one said you don't have to be Jewish to enjoy the leavey. Yes, sir. I'm sorry I complain to I'm doing I'm doing and you happy holidays to you buddy I just want to say what's that last you what's the name of that comprehensive blood test that you're going to forgive you that to give you all the details regarding your blood Did all that stuff the you're all the name of the procedure? No, okay, cuz I won't ask my doctor about it Secondly how 700 bucks Well, it's be covered if you got medical insurance. Oh, that's right. I forgot about that which I don't have but in this case it was free What's the only reason I said oh, yeah? Here's the other arm Yeah, I'd like to ask my doctor about it because I'd like to get what just you know to keep tabs on my blood I think it'd be real interesting yeah, because he's the whole breakdown of all the vitamins and all the nutrients and everything That's in your blood. That's great Secondly, uh, I would George wants to become a real serious AM talk show host or whatever the case I mean you should change the last name nothing to Rodriguez nobody's gonna listen to guy and George Rodriguez On AM you change it in this town. He's already got a 90 share Yeah, but he said but he's catering more towards English speaking people out at the Spanish speaking And your Rogers or George Rod maybe better George Rod I certainly know a lot of George Just George about Jeff George. I'm on. Okay, okay But anyway, I always wanted to tell you that my mom-in-law Yeah, right I just want to tell you mama mama mama Is right your how are said mama la finger Mama la Jorge, but anyway I'm getting over to the topic The good worker how are said mama la finger By the way, what was his name and the movie he had a name his name is John In the in the and the a hit your because that's the what's your name and and the sweet Thomas also his name is John I just don't know. Oh, I forget Can't remember his name is a great movie that HBO movie by the way from Mendus movie. Oh, that HBO movie right I just wanted to the comment because I use the marijuana from plant to drive oh no From plant to drive. I'm not me But my mom was sitting my hotel room and I'm sitting with a bunch of Ben and Jerry's cartons and That's how they read her. I don't understand why you go there feeling the drugs What does that mean? You always talk about everybody always is getting high over there and I have a good idea I never said everybody is getting high the people of want to get high they get high not everybody's getting high Everybody over there is doing what they want to do and then you have all this you make it in the blacks The ones who control the drug Feeling and just say that I said that out in the streets the illegal drug peddling that goes on There's not that many of them, but there are a few here and a few there in there running away and they stand in the middle of the streets Cochop crap you know in a solicitor you for the biological drugs No, they're not Jamaicans. They're from like the Dutch and Tilles Huh, they are they're from the Netherlands and Tilles they're from the Caribbean if you ever see any white people in the Caribbean? No, no, wow Yeah, okay, we're never heard of a white drug dealer Really, that's not not there's maybe an argument But I just I use my order from time to time, but I don't believe that it should be legalized why not? Well because that industry which it is and the drug industry is really usually intertwined with people that also be a heroin and cocaine Whenever whatever the marijuana dealer is a cocaine dealer or yeah, right like when you walk into cafes and Amsterdam They're selling a cocaine heroin Not Here and here But that's the whole point if you decriminalize marijuana it takes that element out of it It also takes the crap out of whatever you're buying on a street so people aren't getting buying a pig in a poke But just because I smoke where one of those I mean that it's okay for the heroin or cocaine Which are highly addictive drugs That's a bloody assuggesting heroin and cocaine are not illegal in the Netherlands and nobody with a brain is suggesting that they should be legal a year Okay, I got and have a great day. Oh my god He must be related to the guy that called that was doing the double-talk before Remember the guy that called that one day said neo, what do you consider a good call the last two was not it? I can't tell you what I what is it but the last two definitely that was not it Papa papa papa papa papa papa papa Too much weed on your kids right there little weed not too bad the too much way to be just like this last guy talking crap Papa papa 567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line still waiting for a great call on the out of town line from somebody who doesn't want to talk about boring radio stations. Okay? Oh, man. I'm telling you that was close to this state. I Really pity you I sent my my deepest condolences To those of you good people who are forced to live over on that coast. I mean what you got we got our problems here believe you me But what you got over there you talk about desperate you talk about getting a search party to find people with IQ larger than they're a finger 877 785 6345 that's our out of town line number toll free for the whole USA allegedly I'll have people vaccinated you say this still can't get through from various places and I believe that I believe that then and I believe it now here's my me be chill. I Know are you doing okay solve for my me be yes all in the bill of Delhi was the best wasn't that great But you know what I never heard you talk the epic yours still there epicure, but they sold it down a new family California company is taking it over Oh How come you never mentioned when you talk about state you number Christine leaves sure Oh, they had the best stick ever had it was good very good How about this price how 15 last was over price. I was very good say I'll pick you back just a little How far for the home restaurant don't pull me out for technique about how never put your half of the one The whole Hollywood oh that was great. That was sensational逃 the home right that was fantastic How do I write about the famous You're right wasn't the famous the best that was it my friend. Oh, I was a pit of pancake great delicious It eats you also okay as deeper would say delicious. Also ever haven't rate their circus That was strong. I think he just went over the edge. Oh doll on the beach well he just looked out the window saw those humans Oh that was delicious. Yeah, that was like like I said default would say delicious. You're such a great Deco get out of the house once in a while where you I'm not just talking about when you're wife kitchen I mean just like in general good out of the house beside the track Here's Evan's here. Hello Evan's here What a talk about abortion I'm a foot on her about abortion abortion. Yes, sir. Yeah, you're a friend Yeah, I'm a foreigner or you're from from Finland. Oh from Finland. All right. I've been in Helsinki Yeah, the very civilized city. I like it very much. It sure is anyway You're lying in my country I've been bus to an abortion Those often has gets an abortion that are a few Morans in my country too who think is murder so all year after watching you know not to get an abortion Right, but not to decide to force they believe or not their people Over here it is I see these people you know the Christian coalition right to life first Don't believe it. We're religious not religious not religious not religious not yet that's right Which in Scandinavia of course you don't have too many Unfortunately and in Netherlands we don't let any of them in So any of them across the Germany let them be over them what are your own civil ways and that I've seen that You know doctors getting killed abortion and place getting born I've seen once of demonstration of right to life first and over an abortion clinic right I will message for them Good. I look at their woman. They were ugly and in fact They have no worry about getting abortion because I don't think any been on right mind would impregnate Exactly this TV one that our rate shows but the way out that I doubt that and they they got near the smell We promised that like yeah and they're not breathing Hospens around them and what man has to do with an abortion When a man gets pregnant he can open his mind. What a way shut up I stop how so I stop in seeing how sneaky yeah, I'll still lift whatever that means in touch Yeah, isn't everybody an Amsterdam on drug or no our day all alone out of their mind? Oh You I'm telling you you provofeal people and never get more than 10 blocks from home and what do you're hanging out in sure? Okay, it's a good safe place for you They got their goddamn sitters rat to tight. It's 12 27 at five 60 WC away After hockey dolphin splitball Marlin's baseball and now the Miami hurricane's two sports radio 560 QAM Holy Macaron. This is still ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf You're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Rock and roll his stories digging in the childhood home of Jim Morrison recently uncovered tapes of a legendary singer No one knew existed and now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas Santa's on the roof I heard the reindeer who's He's coming down the flu he's got something for you Santa's on the roof here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melon Cali sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history. Yeah, the chestnut's grossed All the families We're in my way It's the lizard kin at his most best a Jim Morrison Christmas first take Oh A Jim Morrison Christmas It's the CD the proves that you'll type season is still alive even if he isn't 1232 at five 60 WKM here's one of the great facts is in history it says a brief explanation while getting t-shirts Keychanges said or to retail outlets is a problem question mark Okay, and what's the answer Robert You hear that a brief explanation while getting t-shirts keychanges said or to retail outlets is a problem question mark And we're waiting for the brief explanation which is When you can give it to us 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line 877 suck knee or less UK any I'll have a disgusting on the out of town line I didn't choose that thing right away. That was my idea. That was some disgusting pervert. I think our program director In one of his wild fantasies Here's a dear field. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Welcome size Toronto jubwe calling. Okay. I Want to ask you a dish question. I have a big dish and I've had a few years and by the way I can't have the most of the panther James on it anymore correct What channel is now a completely compressed it's almost molded right? Which is noise the hell out of me and now I might have to move and then I have to give up my big dish But I can't what I really enjoy this sir. I hate to break the news because I've had a big dish for 12 years and I love it But it's a dinosaur. I know but I yeah, I get the tronor James and great fun CDC Every Saturday night and and you'll also get that on a small dish. Oh, you will. Yes You can get the chart you can get the CDC on the small dish now absolutely That's all everything. Can I air call the cable company a douchebag? Yes, sir. Yes metro media you I hope you eat Every unwanted fluid and the duty of the I at Torah and die you corrupt some big company you Okay, see you around a Hostel Canadian there a little upset with this cable company. Oh, why we like him all that much better Oh, he's the Canadian and circumcised that would say that the Canadians pretty much like the American not quite as high percentage But very high percentage of Canadians circumcised for my personal research 56567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line still waiting on line nine boy I'm bitterly disappointed that thought that was gonna change the whole on beyond to the show didn't I believe that? No, but it sounds good At least I got it out of these cheap bastards anyway. It's up to the audience to use it. We got it. But you wait using it All over the state of Florida all over the US of a 877 7856345 Here's a call on the alley. Hello Yes, sir. I'm out of town visitor from my new jersey. Oh from Jersey. I'm so sorry. I'm visiting in plantation now My name is Manning needle and Manning needle many needle. We're headed out to San Del Island where we've been coming for many years now. We listened to you when we're down here a couple years ago. I heard you play a record. I think it was the farting pole the farting post Yeah, but like that you still have that around we only play highlights Highlight yeah, yeah, I hear a highlight That's a highlight. Well, I mean we only play that on holidays when we Don't have a lot of commercials because it's too long it takes about 25 minutes to play. Oh, yes, it's great So maybe like on Christmas Eve or one of those days when we have a very light commercial load if that ever happens on a station We'll stick it in there for you how long you gonna be here? We'll be here only for about 10 days like I said maybe in these next a few days Oh, that sounds great. Thanks a lot. Okay, have a great time. Thank you, but okay Here's a guy from Jersey he can relate to that so that smell is probably from like Newark Oh boy anybody ever been to Newark Yeah, oh, wow Woo you tell that Josh Freeman just landed 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T is that line nine working or what huh I'll look at it's working to me. We've had some calls under their name. It's like it's working But we just can't must throw up anything on that thing. I bet you're all the people are listening like in Kalamazoo and Marshall Michigan Rocks just in New York in fact dick fine bird who's a new GM up there or whatever is title is it pop at O park had a little chat with dick last night Dick fine bird that is at pop at O park And comes to find out he's from Rochester. How do you like that went to Monroe high And we were talking about Don and bombs and I also was trying to think of the place where they had the garbage plate and the great way of Nick Tajos That's our pull question today by the way, which has the better white hops in Rochester Don and Bob's or Nick Tajos And the word is that Don from the original of Don and Bob's has opened up his place called original Dons Or they brought back the original great Don and Bob's that the new guy had pretty much ruined down the toilet. You know the new guy that brought out the You know Maybe we'll get a call from Rochester before the day is on how do you like that? Would that be exciting? I mean, you know There's something about Rochester all us Rochesterians. We kind of stick together from Brighton and around the Coit and Fairport and Greece Here's a call from NASA on Olin. Yeah, hello Hello, New York. Yes, they're speaking one and I've been trying to get you for full love. You got the good stuff over there for us, Mom Oh, we got the good stuff The great stuff one thing I will tell you about our on here. We have a large cable company man Yeah last night. I don't know if you watch it. They have a whole station It's just Catholic they had on the poker user reading off this little script And you see that some are telling what it could speak or if it's going like Yeah And you really could understand it right I don't like him. I think God near God I think it's this man Yeah, he was shy. Let's not let me with like he's going to do the thing and think I'm like Exactly Yes, sir You got it man. I think I can I call someone to do spiked go ahead on your case. I'll make an exception after this great call. Yes, sir All right, and I'll fight by down. I don't know. It's coming in NASA You do spiked you fight my All right, there he goes. See now an answer to God. I said what makes a good call. That's a good call Oh, I take it back. That was a great call. All right. Nice gun. Let me go. Come on Great imitation of the pulp. There was a bad Oh, you That was good. What do you expect from an old guy with a bini on an address and a while lovely white rest though Lovely flowing gown. I like this thinness bookitlers pulp. You know Look at the lovely gown that the pious has gone in that beautiful is flowing and blowing robs There are a couple of cost to comment about the cardinal spellmen in there too You know the one that used to alter boys in New York 21 before one at five sixty wq a m yeah, they used to bring him in the arrear Of the rectumary they used to have a special of the limo would bring up and bring him in the rear Q a m drops the green flag with muttersport Saturday Saturday morning That's a special right here on sports radio five sixty two ways Could can't keep a pecker in his hand Roy Deen all the bothers Disgusting What's up there after tonight? Walk back to night. Walk away from night. Nothing's so pale, fine. Fuck. It's real. You'll be the big job, thank you guys. I've had your hand and bruised as your mother the way you left. All right. You're right. You get my bone cold all in strong. You carry my hand to hold you in so fairly this well. You found it, you lie. You just beat my son. You're going to be the big job. You go ahead and do it. You've got to take me. Bro, 255. 50 WKM are topic today. Jews who have Christmas trees to pacify their little pain in the ass kids. 505. 505. 60 on the AT&T line. Still waiting on that line. Nine. Boy, this is a real punch in my post. Man, I thought we'd be getting calls from echoing your last skin from Honolulu. And from Fredonia, New York and the Pew and Skectity. Squat. That's what we got, man. The big fat squat. That's your internet for you. Okay. All these people, the budget and by the way, don't forget new roggies.com. You can order the best of stuff and the key chains off of there. Robert by the way, corrects his facts and says, please explain while getting t-shirts. Key chains, it's centered retail outlets is a problem. Thanks for the correction. Okay. Can we explain it? No. No. Well, they, first of all, you don't want the t-shirts. They suck. And other two, the key chains, which you should have, the answer is they were afraid that if they put them out that they get stolen. Instead of like somebody explain to them, how about having them behind the counter? And like having one like chain down at the counter. So people can walk up to it and feel it and touch it. And the key chain too. And, you know, once they see it in squeeze it and dittle with it in the key chain, they'll want to buy one of course. Percent or one. But don't ask me because the amount of effort and energy being put by other people. She being put by others into this thing this year is so minimal at its rather appalling it best. But I'm doing the best we can. In the specs has done a great job for us. They're doing the best they can. They got great displays of our our CDs and concents right out in front of each of their 17 stores including over their four mires. And it Palm Beach,brewerton, date. And, we're doing the best we can, Robert. I'm sorry, that we couldn't do a lot better job this year. But if we had a little cooperation, a little bit of assistance. But we don't. And it's gotta be pressingly, we don't have a little asks systems. Here's a call online nine, hello. Hi, yes man. Why not right where are you? I'm in Sedona, Arizona. Oh my god Right, I'm trying to mute my computer here hang on. Okay, and you did that nice going Hi, so what's going on over there? It's sunny. Yeah, it's chilly a lot of old old Dolphin sand I changed into CEO. What was up with the dolphins and How you reacted to what damn arena's last performance frankly? Oh, I don't I don't pay the attention That crap. I don't I'm being more when did I ever? Well before I left there pre-hurt can you do? Oh, yeah, that's who I used to be, but it's gotten so boring, you know? In addition to which this town is so fickle and all Danny boys got to do is play one or two bad games. They want to lynch him and they hate him and all the calls on the sports shows It's a same old crap. Oh, yeah, well, he's finished. We need to get him out of there now and you know Damon here. It is the the savior now these people are ungrateful bastards. Okay That's deserve Danny boy He is not treating him well or is it just my I'm well some of the media people and mostly the ethical fans here What have you done for us lately, you know? You know, well, they don't understand that he had that little car wreck, you know Oh, the coffee still ain't a little coffee spill. He's got a skull there. It was coffee. He had a scalded penis And if you notice he had a very difficult time and had last game the Dallas game He was like a little off balance and of course anybody out there that had a scalded penis. They'd understand that But I think it's all he'll look for this week Well, I hope because Jimmy said that he kissed it made it feel all better Oh, well, it should be okay now you're sure Jimmy was either Jimmy or Joe Rose a mess your rich Well have a great day and we're gonna be hard take care Right here. We'll take care of you have a happy bye bye. So don't have Arizona baby All right Now we're talking you have any idea how uplifting that is I don't even know where Sedona is and I want to ask her because I don't want to support the ambiance of the call But it's just such a tremendous feeling knowing that you're communicating with somebody outside this state Oh, God, I get a quiver in my rectum is thinking about it and she was so nice to top it all off And she also wasn't a hateful and sour in nasty like he's so called sports fans that we have here in an underlying the so called part 567.0560 pound 560 on a 18 T wireless line Here's a call in Boka hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. I have something a question about that topic You're talking about Christmas in Hanukkah. Yes, sir All right, it's a little bit of topic, but I'm going there in the same way I'm going to send him all the days with my fiance and but she's Jewish and I'm not and oh Are you circumcised? Yeah, oh thank God for that and for most Jewish women are not ready for the sight of that force Again, I mean oh And while the plumb is her family they say they like me, but they're not responding to me. Be so not Jewish But they like you know a lot tough crap So and I want the chukkiller family to choke on their creploch. That's what to tell them They're family's threatening not to talk to anymore if she married me and so what do you care? I'm worried about her does she care? Not really so I so tell them cock's a ho you know something I said this a couple of weeks ago I want to make a very good point you okay? You can pick your friends you can't pick your relatives. It's only an accident and all that baloney about bloodesticker than water That's the falsest thing that's ever been uttered by a human being okay? The fact is that if your relatives suck Way of goodbye, okay, who needs him? Yeah, and I told her you if I had to out convert, you know, no, don't do it. Don't sell out, man Yeah, just you're gonna you wouldn't do it for her you do it for the relatives, right? Yeah, so they wouldn't get so they wouldn't give her a hard time. Way of goodbye Just tell them all audio. So we're gonna go have a great life and believe me You'll both be a lot happier without them trust me. Yeah, I'll fuse. I mean I was telling you know well a cam I'm happy you know my father's Jewish My father's Jewish my mother's Catholic and so you're Jewish from the waist down and that they say that doesn't matter Does there you go? See your parents? They're more like real human beings. Yeah, and her parents ain't those a matter of views Effective my mom is Catholic. That just gives it up on me really. Yeah And so and they said that you know that they would talk to her or anything that so you know And I just want to make it easier and first I want to know what I can do to him I would I would rip them as is the right off their doorframe and just the way goodbye On the way down the road good luck pal. All right. Thanks. I'll do it all right. Okay, all right He's not gonna do it pussy he's a good guy, but he's a little bit you know Let me say it again. Okay, this business about relatives you got good relatives. It's a matter of luck Okay, you didn't get to choose what family you were born into Nobody gets to pick and choose their relatives. You whatever they are they are and believe you me Oh, can I tell you stories could I tell your stories? Oh, woo me. I could tell your stories But I gotta go to mommy's for lunch. So it's probably out of good day to do it But I could tell you stories about relatives. I wouldn't spit on the best part of them. Okay Here's a call from Milwaukee. Hello Neil Yes, sir. That's all good. Hey, I just want to tell you something I don't miss off Florida and the least bit other than listening to you. There you go and now that now I've got us on the internet life is complete my life is complete. You open up the water tap up there Beer floating right up. That's the way to do it. Oh my god. You go of cheese beer and sausage for lunch right now I want your own freeway and spigot. I love it But the packer fans that's the only problem now they're out of control. Yeah, but hey can you do me a favor I know I think spoiled rotten is the world with them. Okay, they've spoiled for too many good years Now they have to suffer and it's a beautiful thing to watch them suffer. Well you fudge back in go ahead Can you do me a favor anything you want? You play the Neil got some can do you are the man have a great day pal. I love you Neil happy your circus Hey By the way, you know that cake you were talking about that makes you I think you're right. Oh Man, that's probably not that it's just the volume of food. I've been well, what is that? Why did I have all this food here this morning? It showed up. Yeah, because Peter Leonard's a piece of crap I love my friends at Delight's. They got really good stuff a Peter Leonard comes in and starts for speeding Cheesecakes and Pork grind and man the day that I got to go to my mug is for lunch too And I'm gonna tell you there's no way I'm making it until two o'clock. There is absolutely no chance What I got a really good idea what I'm gonna do, but he wanted here You'll go I think what I'll do is I'm gonna play the I'll do the spot Then I'll play that And we'll do the rest of the spots out of that you follow him saying sure and then we'll come back Why could just fire it off after the break Simmon time Yeah We don't understand it's not time for the break. Oh, oh, oh, you need to go now. I don't need to go now But I choose to go Okay, now like you said do you know what I mean now? Well, go back to the end Before you talk about it the more I need to go now the more I think about it the more I squirm here in the cheer And I don't like this. I do not like this There's only about the third time this has happened to the bed on this station I don't like having to go any vacuate in the middle of a program at least you can pull it off Yeah, so to speak All I got a great spot to do by the way right now anyway Oh, I do because it's all about lunch everything there's food everything that's going on here It is food food food and why not it's Hanukkah. It's coming up on Christmas It's food time a teen time baby and we're gonna hell with that needle gods on there. It is Hey, what do you guys you understand what I'm doing? I'm playing the song and then you do whatever it has like I'll be busy do I? Oh, oh What power then I'll present it man? I'm a powerful god damn man in the world. Yes What power then I'll present it man? I'm a powerful god damn man in the world Wow Just that taste this smell 36% of newborn boys in this country are sick of size the procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia I have no prep here I Will last day tonight blockbuster any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior Yeah, oh I know that the floor you're not working your father is too There Is great radio I am that him or it don't you have a longer cord than a piece of crap look at this What up I'll play so far eight fuck I freaking know how you really does I want to be left the freak alone I Just they're That power then I'll present it man. I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world No, why should you hit it when I can do this is five six feet It's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon No You You You You You One or three five six to double kill is a little bit concerned because I had a spectacular very enjoyable Ball movement they're doing that brief Exodus from the studio. I say access and I got a little bit concerned though At the conclusion of all those events it was very quick and very panelists and very antiseptic When I began to smell this horrendous odor and then I opened the door to give the part there I washed my hands this time very very carefully open the door and I discovered that the aroma was a Josh Friedman in the hallway So I'm not nearly as there I thought that it could have been me. Oh my god. Did I just die and I don't know it Here's Miami. Hello Hey Mr. Neil yes, sir, speaking. Hey, this is Billy. How you doing Billy? I'm not bad look. I'm gonna have a Georgia about two months I've seen Billy Carter. Is that I thought you died? Oh no no no no I'm keeping outside anymore Billy come on Oh, I can't wait to pull it away anyways. I'm down here. Do you have construction? Yes, sir And I got a question about where enjoyed you from Billy? I'd like it. Oh, I'd land. Oh, okay Well, that's a little city. I thought maybe like a entry. Oh, no no no no my family tree had branches out Wait, you're from the branches like the kid that was playing the banjo and then deliver it's right There you go. Uh-huh. I got a question though by the way. I'm out of the sky Or just with one eye, but anyway, you man. I don't man. I got a question. I don't man Billy. Oh No, no, no. Well, yeah, you are man. Oh I don't know you all kind of all right. I'm question about that swingers club. Yes, sir Do you have to go with a woman or can you go by yourself? What did what's he answered? You're I'm sure you can go by yourself. Saturday night is couples and I just ordered females only the rest of the time It's uh anybody want for go. Yeah call up for you. I'll tell you all right. Yeah, because I I just been lonely And you know I miss my ghost back home. Uh-huh. All right, yes, I'm fine. Okay. I see a Billy. I rise. What do you see? Missed his goat 56705 and that's what he said. He said it'll get you going. I miss my goat But he's from Georgia so would you expect he's from the other side of the bank of the cool who will boss you river 5670560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless blind George is gonna be doing a show on swingers again tomorrow By the way Disney. No, oh Here's North Miami. Hello. I thought I was gonna be here tomorrow North Miami. Hello. Pretty good. I waited a long time to answer your question 36 minutes and 43 seconds this chronic weighted Red girl Howard. No, I call about one to more no come on well times he had no one to one Okay, okay, I told you as much of that and that's about a month Okay, no you're not who I was thinking I was thinking maybe you are but anyway. No, you're okay John writer was his name John writer John writer why the why the ER All right, D. G. Or John. Writer was father-in-riter from covenant house who just died that the child molester Right because he was hitch and rides with everybody so he was right with people say call themselves John writer John writer right that was doing you made a very good And you know I'm not gay, but see Thomas how look pretty good in that movie. Yes, he did But if you see him lately. Oh God he lives in Toronto now. I have seen him. I found one of the kid down the CBC one of the shows Carable got all you know all the shmuts on the family. That's what happens. You know like That's the way God is you look real good for about five minutes and you start getting old and I'm being dying your self start dying Oh, don't say that Hanukkah yes everybody they'd never really gave you the exact answers to why it happened. Yeah, it was a matter of fact That one scene in the movie where he's in the yeah reason the Trucks eat Thomas all there at the very end You know after what the how was busy a breakin out of the thing and shooting train everybody Yeah, he looks astonishingly good. But anyway. I'm sorry. I'm not dressing now. But I'll put it over Hanukkah everybody gave you almost the answer the answer was the Greek leader that was ruling polystyrene at the time He put a statue of himself inside the temple as a statue of Zeus with his facial features on it And that's what pissed him out could be all and That is actually the macabees never stole a freight train, but they got the Zeus in the caboose Well, they get it so they that's why Hanukkah happened they defiled it to he defiled the temple by putting it I thought was Alexander the Great was the one that was responsible for the beginning of the origins of all of this yeah It was yeah Now one thing you know what he was The date dates out to Greek he was a not a coin but any celebrate Christmas Jesus birth on December 20 Said yes, which we don't know when he was born probably in the spring of the fall But actually Hanukkah first we don't we don't even know that he existed, but anyway Okay, the take this for fact That the first Hanukkah it happened on December 26 That's actual date oh Yeah That's yeah if you look it up in history it was December the 20th it we know that there was a religious event on December 20th And that was Hanukkah All right just like the last supper was a Passover Seder. How do you like that? It's interesting is that interesting how these Jews and Christian all this crap all kind of like mingles it together Yeah, I don't know why they call it the last supper. It's the last Seder. Okay. Great show Neil and what do watch out for the wine? All you want the heart it's trade. Okay, see what's the month back? I hear it's trade. It's not managed. It's mock not Morgan David wouldn't have been some of those they drank ground my boon at the last supper Wow, what if George Jefferson was there? How she doing by the way? Helm and Sherman what's the name Sherman? Helmsway? How she be doing well? He's got more problems. You know bankruptcy in then of course they outed him and Which came first five six seven oh five sixty five pound and then of course a her day and bronchitis. He's feeling kind of wezig nine minutes past one is five sixty W two O a m What that's a great show out of care what Tom jickus is what's wrong with time jick anyway? Why is he such a hard ass? You know I like Tom but he's such a little hard ass Always rip in the Jefferson's about y'all know what such a stereo tennis doesn't owe each other. It was a great show That might have been the best show that was ever on TV the Jefferson certainly top ten top ten material Right after green acres how young is too young Shoes Shoes We meet Bill Fasc Yeah Martin six feet Went from pesky to run Shoes love BillGrady He's gonna win the rated People love him cause he isn't out of the door Did I mention that he isn't out of the door He played for the name He doesn't borrow stick Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out of the door Not out of the door Not out of the door Yeah, he's not out of the door Oh, I say at one time, oh We love Bill A lot Mostly cause he's not boring out of the door Oh, God, we're thinking about it He's still alive by the way he's in the Pittsburgh Anyway, rumor is that if Bill Bradley gets elected, we'll be able to say the word tits on the air for the first time Which I'm pretty excited about, we're looking forward to that It's 150 to 550 to QAM Now what is that saying? Just sounds it out of happiness Simmer, here's a call from Sweden, hello How are you sir? Great, I think I got Arizona and I have Milwaukee beat by just a little bit On December, Shem That's right, that's the way we would say it in America, Timmy Shem Sweden Exactly, you're not in a radical depressed like they are in Stockholm, are you? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'm excited to say social like those Swedes Exactly, they are about to worry about this place, is it your Stockholm or Malmore or one of those places? Yeah, it's near Malmore, it's a very, very, very southeast of Sweden Two hours away from Malmore You're close to Copenhagen Yeah, exactly, we actually fly into Copenhagen and we take the ferry over to Malmore We don't, we lot of ferries in Copenhagen is what I see You can say that again, I'm absolutely, I wanted to say to you happy Chanukam And thank you, back to you I think it was a start tomorrow Okay, okay, I'm, I'm, I'm this side of the world, not too many of us, you're over here So, you know, you don't know exactly, we're seeing Sweden, the Swedes are not too far to the Jews for some strange reason I'm not, I'm like the Dutch who are very far to the Jews and everybody else But the Sweden, first one thing don't take it personal because as you know, the Swedes don't like anybody including themselves That's absolutely right, absolutely I'm not in a radical, Stockholm, I'm sure you've been in Stockholm right? Yeah, yeah, I have beautiful city, it's breathtakingly beautiful I have very unbelievably expensive number one and number two, the people are as cold as the weather You're right about the cold as the weather, but it's, and you're right about the, I'm right now Are you going to fall for getting a quite a bit of pro and over here Yeah, yeah, for every dollar we get like eight and a half pro and over there That's good, yeah, we've got the exchange rate of the great reason Because there is not a lot of you because it doesn't have the hot guys because my wife is Swedish, her family is friends with Peter Forzberg family Really? Yeah, and you're not the NHL player as you do The evening we're having dinner with Peter Forzberg family, Peter won't be there We're having a good time, exactly, he's a little busy right now He's busy eating potato locus for Hanukkah in Dendoria Exactly, exactly, exactly And one last question for you sir Your CD is now out over in America Where can I get someone to buy it for me and send it? What are you telling it, aspects? All the specs, stories? Perfect, perfect, I have to get that over here I have everyone that's in my wife's family, we'll all listen to you on the internet Next one, which is the best thing ever, so I have all of these weeds over here, into new Rogers over there I have to absolutely say we love you over here Tell them to, and tell Dr. Bell, but I don't speak those sweety shit That's his approach, okay Hey, Bell understand it, Bell understand it Over here, the only language is the language of love, I think There you go, all you see over here, I'm loving suicide and neurosis Exactly, exactly A lot of the weeds in Stockholm, I just stand still from the roses to the liver Well listen to me, you go have a great time and a happy holiday Meal, same piece, they're happy new year And take care of yourself, you too, bye bye There you go, call from Luxembourg to Sweden, someplace in Sweden, near Malmau, that's a lot easier Yes, Sweden is a beautiful country, Stockholm is a beautiful city, do you want to go there? No, you don't want to go there I mean, if you have a lot of money, you'll all get a lot of time There are many, many other places I would recommend, much more enthusiastic, before Stockholm Stockholm is nice, it's beautiful, it is breathtaking, like most of the European cities We're trying to think of it, you're a well, Milan is not beautiful It's interesting and it's certainly a place that I would go for a couple of days And we just did go last summer again, Milano, you can go see the Duomo, you go eat some great Italian food Even the northern Italian food, once you get used to the differences, it's good just a way from that risotto And don't go into those restaurant days Seriously, this is defo, we got to have a deep programming for him It must be the stress of that marriage or the gambling or the boozing or doing 15 jobs to make a limit The stress is getting to him, if defo is mother is listening, sweetheart, don't take it personally But your son is crumbling under the pressure He keeps saying over and over in that spot, one of the great restaurants I'm just sitting here, Steven Jocostello, who's a real good Italian boy, not even just a Guito He came in here with like spitting blood all over the guy at the place And to 15 people to just wash it off because he's so ticked off about this beefo guy And his gracious spots, one thing about the spots on this station man And as much as we love Tommy, I don't want to start, he's Tommy's great He's one of my favorite people in the building, but those spots Tommy, I'm sorry Here's a mobile and Seattle, hello Hey Neil, yes sir, I feel like Larry King now only less hunchback I know, you're getting calls from all over the world So we didn't see you at all, what will we be next? I don't know, maybe she or Cuse Hey, I just wanted to let you know about the reality of what was going on up here Yes sir, are they killing each other in the street still or what? Well, I'll tell you, if compared to, if the Seattle So, only remember this way, if what went on yesterday and the day before When on down a day, county in Miami, there would be more bloodshed and head rolling From the police Then, then ever imaginable I need to bring back old digdali as what they need from Chicago Our nickname, Arro Maybe Ken Jenny, maybe we could ship him out of here and get him up there to flex his muscle Or maybe roll martiners to go out there and beat up a few punks of little guys in the street You know, the thing is that actually I only take sure of the short guys You know, one of the surprising aspects of what I saw in the news was that they only focused on like a group of that Maybe 10 people that were being destructive Because that news, you know, meanwhile thousands of people that were totally peacefully marching They got very little attention You know, and it just really burnt, it irritates me I thought, bobbas comments were pretty good though yesterday He said the people that are protesting peacefully They welcomed them and they appreciate their points of view And at the assholes out there, he said you were bunch of assholes, what he said Yeah, they were quite a few assholes They weren't even from here, they were from California and you know, from other places That's the thing Probably some of those historical tree, a hugger, some California Oh, the granola was falling out of the pocket I thought I saw something you will give in his family there I did have to, I had your diet by the way How's my diet? What diet? More like you're doing like a low car I was on the weekends this morning from 7 o'clock when I got out of bed till about 930 What happened? And then I came in here and found a lot of food laying around Well, actually I was on it till about noon, then the potato pancakes came in Have you read this crispy Eminem? Crispy Eminem? Yeah, the Eminem's with crispy inside? Not good, I don't like him Yeah, not at all I was up in a van King size Snickers on the way home every day Oh, no, that's bad It tied me over till I get to the flamingo gas station The mobile station there, it's flamingo at 595 And I stop in there for a Ben and Jerry's fish food stick, a fish stick No smarty, huh? No more smarty, no I OD done smarty, so I'm allergic to him, I can't stand him Hey, you know one of the greatest stories that I've ever heard you tell was the time that you had to go to the bathroom Yeah, you were stuck in your car and you caught the bridge Second day, no, I mean, no, it was Santa, Oakland and San Francisco, right? And then when I realized you try to get into your house, the screen door was broken or something And you wanted to have it a little accident out on the patio or something That was a different story, another one you're talking about the original one was on the way to San Francisco at the airport One morning I went into a denies, it was about five o'clock in the morning was pitch dark thank God And I was like, when I got out of my car, I saw the denies, but my mind was playing tricks you know how that is Yeah, how the car and each step I took it was like scored scored scored scored scored I was goofed up, I must have thought I was a member of the neo Nazi party because I was goofed up in a denies And you're doing a quick, a great app, a quick step and left a very interesting pair of underwear under the back of the toilet in the denies Oh, fuck yeah, I threw I am I actually had a little emergency You know it seems to close you get to the toilet, the work you have to go right Because your mind is playing tricks on your mind is saying let it lose I pooped my pan exactly What is the deal with right before you like take your pants off with me if I have a little loose loose in the goof What is the thing going on? What happened is right before it tore my pants down Yeah, all over my underwear, I've got underwear all over the city Well, that's good, let's give the homeless people some directions and some of those people up there in Seattle Give directions where to find them You know, let's just probably get to meet my last call for a while, I really really enjoy listening to you and they have no idea what a pleasure It is that they have you on the radio and have fortunate they are there I'm going to agree with you more have a great time pal You too happy holidays happy to nuka Okay, but I really have to kind of to okay, okay There you go good Jewish boy in Seattle Oh, I did Hanika now you're talking you can tell the Jews from the goi and the goi and say Hanika did you say Hanika there you go Got to spit all over the microphone That's it just like the Germans do I'll do labor This train is now at the home of the German police. I'm sorry 567560 you will enjoy the trip or else how about a shower Where were we going? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yeah, sir This is a wild radio fan on the wild radio and turnpike and I know that you just like them But it's like it's a fastest pig in a useless fastest seen alfca What anyway, I got let me just go home. I agree with most of the other things But one thing just let you know I'm not a 50 year old white guy. It made a lot of money in the 80s I'm pretty young. I just read this stuff about him But what if you make a lot of money the 80s either so we have that you kind of okay I mean I'm doing pretty good Anyway, um, if you think she does deserve credit for I mean he served two terms in California two terms of the president Yeah, you stood up to these terrorist and these dictators in this country. You've got to be Eastern Europe Yeah, and even with Alzheimer's if you were the president right now, China wouldn't be walking all over us Yeah, I'm just wondering what do I think about it? Yeah, I think about it. When I think about it, I just deposited about 35 minutes ago in the Amagic Room Have a great day, sir. Don't be press me. I haven't such a good day. I'm in such a good mood I got all these potato locus to take the mommy's for lunch I don't want to hear about some scene out all the right way. Not see bastard The face man Even his family knows that he was seen all 20 years before he was in the White House And of course speaking of his family. How's that ballet dancer doing boy? Oh, Ron Jr In fact, it's kind of sad now because you know when you're when you have the Alzheimer's when you're the twilight of your life like he is Ken loose compact Ron says Ron Jr says that when he walks in the house the old man says That's the funny tune. 26 after one is five 60 I'm here to hold you Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is rainbow point five Oh, you John Rambault still alive. I want to make movies for his side My life and going great plan to Hollywood's goke I thought you really like I had a stroke First blood came in 82 That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew Rambo 2 was an 85 late Rambo 3 was an 88 Two is a woman And two is like a I did not make this movie with my son If you ever say Jews in Rocky five and daylight The tunnel movie A little bit of cash is what I mean I got a little from the pilot I got a number of movies Or Broadway show like Jonathan I get nobody ever fuck up And we're still doing it. I guess I understand My whole life is about to cave in all I got left this channel of life in Let me get jealous I need to make web of foreign Five Check it out. So call me up I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip Delight comedy Action adventure and drama The deal I think I will not do it sex with a llama So give me a break for goodness sake I used to get up for now. I can't get on Ricky Lake Right now I got a one man selling pork empty Basically on the bottom point chips The older the cash is what I mean I got to get a loan from the pilot queen I got to have a loan that will be Or Broadway show like better he I get nobody ever fuck up like that It was stupid. So I understand My whole life is about to cave in all I got left this channel of life Let's fly lady I need to make demo for I'm so happy Sounds like to have for good lawsuit to me 1.32 or 5 I mean what kind of crap is that? Ellis can't you do better than that? No, all he was demanding and he was a prick And he was nasty to what we're going to sue his ass Now, okay That's got to be one of the dumbest things That's even better than the TV intoxication How's Ronnie Samore doing by the way? 560560 don't forget to go see George this Saturday noon to two at the What is that? The prime coast door I knew it all along 1996 door federal highway between Oakland and commercial in Fort Latterton I'd rather go because it's not right Let's say it's okay Let me write that on here. Now that we're finding out a little bit of information on this Sunrise Oakland And to let some best of meal I'll see these in cassette and of course a whole bunch of these are key chains too He's really great Key chains 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Kendall hello Hello Yes sir, are you doing pretty good? I've got a couple three questions We're big and sweet and I'll tell you then Listen what's the e-ribber's mean? What is one? E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's I haven't got any of the arrows E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's Only glimpse c.e. E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's E-ribber's including nine months. How can Mary have gotten away with 17 days? Because according to this calendar, I'm looking at it as a macular conception this summer eight. Yeah. And the kid was born on December 25th. Twenty-third, I think. Well, that's strictly for, you know, probably. It's even worse than all these women have got to do. And this is in a macular conception. She wasn't just a ordinary bitch out there, you know, doing this. This was God's work. He had the mess around. But these women have got the sufferers. You know, we've got a 17 day. That's right. And now she's got a sufferer being baked in the oven on those tautinas pizzas all over the world, 80 million times a day. To make up for it. God bless you, sir. I'll pray for it. Okay, we've got a couple of open lines on the board. A little bit concerned here. Am I concerned? No. But it sounds good to get that tone in your voice. You know, like, uh, we got a hate goldberg coming up at two over concerned about that. No. You know, he'll be here. Henry Goldberg in the studio. We got her a cool hotline from the hex set or six to play tonight. How about those? Hurray cool. And then we got a really another terrible match. I thought he's NFL games. Oh, God. Pittsburgh Steelers who lose to every girls team they were play against one of the, uh, pretty decent teams and league one of the better teams in a very mediocre league, the Jacksonville Jaguars, a total of 11 o'clock tonight. Ed Capwell, I'll look your wounds while your gamblers after the game. Did they cover, didn't they cover, etc. And so on. You know how that goes. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Pretty good. Anybody touched on this the news that McDonald's was buying or? Austin chicken. Yeah. No, nobody mentioned that. No. And then there's two concepts in McDonald's. A pizza concept and a Mexican concept. Right. That's going to be pretty interesting to go right after Pepsi and Taco Bell and Pizza Hut at night. Right. I've had you one thing. If you went to Europe and you saw how many McDonald's there. I mean, there's all there. Also, you know, Kentucky fried and burgering. But McDonald's out numbers them like 10 to 1. Every street corner, there's another McDonald's. I mean, some of that getting the dish. I mean, I'm not going to say I'm in knowledge. I'm I'm one of these victims of the cable companies. Right. Is it really worth looking into my basic bill now? About 40 dollars. Oh, you kidding me? Absolutely. If I had kids, though, I would have to get a multiple set for two different rooms. If I have a master and like a family room. Yeah, you're kidding. But I noticed that they have brands more than some of the other stores. There's there's there's a special deals on second receivers. That's what you have to have is that you don't. You only have to have one dish. But you have to split off to a second receiver. But they're having special deals on that now. And you can do that for almost nothing. Right. Cause I'm tired of like three Spanish, three home shopping. And you won't have to see any of those ever again. And when you see the difference in the picture quality, you'll wonder why you've been wasting your money on cable or believe me. Trust me. Let's go out if there's a severe rainstorm or anything. I mean, just maybe for a few seconds here and there. I mean, it's got to be like the end of the world, you know, you're loop. But you never have a situation like with your cable, where it goes up for hours at a time, you know, you have nothing but snow that'll never happen. Thank you. Okay, please do it. I beg everybody out there. I'm nothing to gain. I have no vested interest. I got no stock in it. I got nothing like I should. But do yourself a big favor. Went into out, say goodbye to your cable company and go get you a small dish. Here's a call from Denver. Hello. Hey, New York, how's it going? Pretty good, sir. Aaron's talking about the NFL earlier. I'm talking about that games. I got to know, I thought the New York fans were very bad. But the color a lot of Denver Bronco fans are the worst in the world. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm on Buffalo's bad. The chips are bad. But the Bronco people suck out here. Yeah. And the thing up in Washington, Oregon, wherever it is, Seattle, it's all put to hippies. Everyone's in the ears. The same way. Like, it's people who want to be 90s hippies. They're living in the 30 years past to try to be a Latter Day hippies. I was watching the New York News in this kid's like 19. They were talking about, oh, I'm a new man. I'm like, I got a new man. You're a phone. You're walking around from nowhere. You have no job. You're a phone. You're exactly. Very good. Good recovery. That was very good. Anyway, you're a lovely little kid. You're a young man in that. And this little little Miami. And I would talk to you later. Okay, God bless you, sir. All right. And we'll pray for you after what you just said. He said he's a fog. Remember the fogs? What's up? There you go. Who's a lot? By the fogs? What are our favorite songs? There you go. Line X to the place. The fog is a fog. The fog is a fog. The fog is a fog. Like I said, we might. We got a lot of spots here. We don't have time for too much for volatility here. And once we get one of those condensing things, we talked about yesterday. What did they call it? Cashpots. What's we get the cashpots here if we get a report that? And we can condense down the program content. We'll be running about 52 minutes of spots an hour. You won't even notice the difference. Wake up. What's the first piece? Joe, no. Get the parts. And see go see. No. We've been running since six. Only on sports video, 560. Q8. We're not talking about women. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, come on over. Honey, now. Come and take our drive to my big house in traffic. Wow, we can both get Jews tonight. A little Panama. The watch is on business. She's up for a week. I'm like a kid in the candy store. It's time to cheat. I have threats. Oh, hot dog. So there in pizza. You remember, little Billy, you're leaning to our pizza. It's gonna be a while down. Not behind me in New York. Because to me, darling, she's like a sport. I'm just like, god, so good. Someone over honey. Now go on my chocolate. I'm a little bit of Monica in my life. A little bit of Monica. Without my wife. Now live a bit of Monica. What I see. But she's got a way. I feel a little bit of Monica. What I need. A little bit of Monica. That's more way. A little bit of Monica. A little bit of Monica. Here I am. A little bit of you. I'm a happy man. 144.560. Welcome to the show. I'm boss of Western New 99. I've been here both parts for my last year. And looking for these songs, which was the ones I just played. Rambo 4.5 and this one. And are they on an older CD? No, if you answer. No, wherever Jamie and oh, no. You want to, maybe the other side. Yeah, I'll sit at the side. Maybe they'll send you two bucks. I always have the entrance to it anyway. There you go. You still take the money across. 5.670560. Maybe they'll send you a birthday present on or him. I would double that off. And of course you'll have to send him a cassette in the hundred bucks. 5.670560. Pound 5.660 on the AT&T line. Our world famous line. We've had calls from Sweden. Yeah. And a coral spring. Oh, so more could you want. 877-785-6345. Of course you know about coral springs. It's out of this world, baby. It's especially the gangs. They're out of this world. Here's a call in Kendall. Hello. Meel. Yes. Yes. Yes. I guess we'll. Okay. So again, for the guy that asked about, what do I consider a good call? 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See if you're going to, if you're going to prompt us to do stuff that we already have here. That sounds much better like in the studio like on our very high price equipment here. It probably sounds better like. Yes. Yes. Yes. Then you plan it on your little cassette record, sitting under the turret. Here's coral springs, hello. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening to you sir. Yes. Well, we have another murder in coral springs. Oh, man. A man came home and had a fight with his girlfriend. And so he couldn't get those girlfriends. He shot his girlfriend. He got a what? Shot his girlfriend's daughter and killed her. Or is it nice? Yeah. We're at a nice neighborhood over a body of Atlantic University. That's the American fucking way. Yeah. The slaughterhouse continues. You know, there's no such thing as a bad neighborhood. In fact, any bad neighborhood is one where everybody's got a gun. That's one way. Where in America? Here's one license plate. We'll never see it. Choose life license plate with a picture of a hand gun in a circle with a slash. Right. Exactly. Yeah. That would be the nice license plate for Jeff to get into the production. Hold your breath. I want to think Neil, if you remember, I called you about seven or eight weeks ago and told you that the. Saddle ideal was a done deal. Yeah. And so you were first, your station was first and your program was first to report it. And all I can say is now that we have the local stations on our satellite will be able to get stories of local murders even. Faster. Even we'll be able to see the the blood and guts in the bodies much more clearer than ever before. The water continues. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Much more clearly. I say much more clearer. Oh my god. Am I a literate of what? Wow. Who cares? Who cares if I may literate of what? Just keep, uh, dishing out the money. Thank you. No. And now how come the fax machine is beeping better? It's got plenty of paper. It must need to be sort of eat. It must need ink. Oh, damn it. What we can wait. I can add. It doesn't. It doesn't beep as frantically when it's out of ink. When it's out of paper, it's just hyperventilates. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. I've started doing it. It's a normal room. Like I said, it's starting to get pretty goddamn annoying. Maybe it's lucky to find some ink for our fax machine, huh? In between is other very important duties, whatever they might be. Oh, here she is. Happy to Chanuka. Uh, happy. How are you? At the farm. Oh, why are you saying, poor women and circus? You talk a little bit. It's all the same. It's all the same. In fact, wouldn't what would you rather have? Would you rather have potato lockers and jelly don't? Or, homintoshan. Why not all of you above? Well. Huh? Homintoshan are always good, even at this time of year, they would go over really big with me. Well, I try not to eat a cake. Yeah, don't eat no jelly don't. Please. And it's jelly donuts, God. That's very terrible. Oh, awful. But how about potato lockers? Well, I bought some in the frozen food. I don't know a big jaw of apple sauce. Hmm. So I got some right now. Corquise sent me a big container or a sour cream or a huge container of apple sauce. And about 600 of those little potato pancakes that corkies his famous for. And I'm taking them over to mommy's house right now. Wow. How do you like that? I bet you'll go nuts once you see these. All she got to do is heat them up in the toaster oven. And they'll be great. Uh-huh. Right. So did you have a nice, uh-huh. Oh, the best, the great time, yes. Yeah. Well, I didn't have such a nice time Thanksgiving. Why not? I had turkey and all the stuff. Yeah. Well, do you see that upset me? Oh, I see. Especially if I'm having my lunch. So I'm not going to keep you. I just wanted to wish you. Well, what happened? What was wrong? I'm Thanksgiving. I don't understand. What was the problem? Well, nobody came. And I watched the parade in New York. Oh, I was told the car. Yeah. And my one nephew was supposed to call me to wish me a happy holiday. And he didn't even bother. And he forgot. Yeah, I cut him off. I cut him out of here. We'll write now. Yeah. Leave it to me instead. And the... All 10 bucks. So I got over it. You don't get over it. Life goes on. You don't know how to tell it. Life is for the living for us. So I hope you and your mother have a delicious time eating all the goodies. See you mother also. Right. Exactly. Yeah. And have a very happy and healthy. Thank you very much. Take care of yourself. Bye-bye. I do like that. It's a little bit depressing. Happy prom. She sounds like she's over it. Some nephew, however, grand son, whatever it was. We're going to track him down. Okay. Make sure that this Thanksgiving was, you know, when he won't forget for a long time. We're going to call Luca Brotsy right after the show. 10 before 2 at 5. 60 WQM. What's been not too bad of a Thursday. We got those trends coming out in 2. 30 which means tomorrow morning. We can kill a lot of good time with those ratings with the numbers for whatever those three months are going to be. August September October. I have a feeling that for this station. We're going to be precipitously bad. But I know it never can be too sure. Especially for that morning show. I have a feeling boy at that morning show. I'm going to try to be stream myself. But that show rose. He's starting to really turn out to be the backstabbing tour that we always knew that he was. That we always feared that he was. A lot of backstabbers in that morning crowd. We got one good friend on there. Good buddy Tommy. Anybody else? No. I mean, 12. Think of a minute. No. Come on. Anybody else in that morning show the low. We can bond with. No. Okay. Just trying to give you a moment or two to think about it. 151 at 560 WQ. If you blow too much in your interval. Captain's U-Log. So they 12 25. So it's a blessing for Christmas. And on the other glass. The crew will feel the nerve. Spirit's on the ground. Sandwich in. What should I get? Spockers. Questionless. I can't find the arm of big enough for this. I'm out of my boat. Get a hold of yourself. There's a shop for a boat and catalog in my cabin. Stop. I was in that garage and got me. I need more time. Captain. Not to mention. So, well, set your faces on. Trent. I have to. Yes, Mr. Spock. Here's your time. I hope in the nerve, Tom. Yes, God. Good to check out. With your nose, so bright. Walk you down my chest, light. You skip the door. Where the earth? Get me a moment of grace. I identify yourself. I can go and move the spirit of the Star Trek future. I am free at the bringing tidings of great joy. And another movie spirit. Out in the space. Take a minute. Start it. Spock. Spock. Captain's law. Supplemental. And the bald spirit cry as he seems out for this trick. You're all making a min. Why stop this star Trek 6. After you all the glory. 156 and 560 WDP. I was just thinking you know if the shroud of terrain is authentic. That Jesus was a hell of a snappy dressing. You know what? He was lovely. Here's a tempered pine, so. Round on the wrong line. Mobile in book. Like I said, hello. You're a great show. Uh-huh. You're a good show. Here's a tempered pine, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I did a jewelry boy calling up to explain to you the concept of the maculical assumption. Oh yeah. It has nothing to do with the birth of Jesus. Yes. It has to do with the fact that the Catholic doctor is that Naryk was to the seed without original sin. Uh-huh. So those people who think about 99% of the population that it has to do with Jesus's birth and the fact that he was a virgin, but has nothing to do with it. But it also has something that matter what it has to do with it still a ridiculous furry tail. Oh, of course. In addition to which the macular conception is not an original with the Catholic Church or with Christianity, it could there were there were exillions of immaculate births throughout all of the other ridiculous religions. We remember the cheating on the macular birth. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Well let me say it again sir. Have a great holiday. Have a happy as he's in base off. Here's more waterdale. Hello. No, is the man. What's up, Neil? How are you doing, sir? Hey, I'm going to call you a balo for now, all right? You're going to want a balo. Do you know what that is? No, I don't know what that is. Is a big time. Big time. Big time? Yeah. You ain't going to put me on, Naryk. No, I'll tell you what. Don't put me on. Tell them to kiss the back that ass off. Back that ass off, kid. I knew the man, all right. All right. Now you'll be talking. All right. Happy to meet you, Nucobabies. All right, you know. And don't eat too many potato locus. And don't eat too many grids, because you give them something that rhymes with grids, man. And it's in, you know it. Time for one last call, which is good, because that's all we got. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing today? OK, sir. Great show, man. Great show today. Not too bad today. Pretty good. It's been a long time. I thought you were going to call. I wasn't going to call, but it's more and more as you tell us how in competent these people are at your station. Yes, they are. No, it's true. I mean, you have a sponsored macroeerie grill. And they've been mentioning the two locations in Miami. They're one in Pembroke, Pines, and one in Miami on Kindle Drive, and 120th verse 3. That's about 100%.