Here's Miami, hello. I knew. Yes sir. Yes. Do you see the hypocrisy with this L. Dukey guy? I mean the state department's making a big deal about O.O. Well, he's important because he can play bass. Exactly because he's a goddamn bass bar player and they put it on the news here and Tony segredo's hyper ventilator. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, exactly. And let me ask you one thing, okay. He came here with his wife and they left their two daughters behind. Yeah, what is that? What is that all about? Yeah. You know, you have courses. We're celebrating this because the guy is a pitcher and he brought his wife her but they left their two little girls back there to be repressed at our press and maybe thrown in the slamer or the pay for their parents attitude. It's all ambition and I think they made this Leaveron Hernandez guy head of the parade down here in downtown on the news. You should have been head of the parade. This guy hasn't done anything for Miami. All he loves is money when he says he loves Miami. You know, he picks the couple of games, couple of games but he picks the couple of games and you would have thought that this guy was the second and the third comment. Go on. Right, no, I'm sick of it. God. And another thing, I'm an anthropologist and an F.I.U. Yeah. I have converted. I'm no longer a cat. I'm joining. I've been listening to you, man, and you're right, man. It's a bunch of crap, man. It's all about money. Exactly. It's all about Prasace died in the archbishop of Miami, does his funeral. Mike can also die in the archbishop of does his funeral. My mother and I died at 41 of cancer this past September and what? I got some crazy evangelical Catholic doing her funeral. There you go. Yeah, it's totally a joke and it's just a way to control people. That's right. And another thing, this city is one of the most boring cities. I agree with you. Hey, man. And then, sure you are the most intelligent person I've spoken to today before I look at the mirror shaving this morning. Okay, thanks, man. Congratulations. Thank you. There's a guy that got himself a life and said, you know, my parents brainwashed me because they were brainwashed before me and it was they couldn't help themselves because they were told this is the way you raise kids by brainwashed them the way you were brainwashed and not letting them use their their gift, their brain. Their brain, the gray matter, let's them think, does this make any sense? Does Hogwarts, this crap, this cucko, this nonsense, this bill booty. Oh, the war is as this in the book says that in a meantime it's all about your garbage. The Lord, people are stubborn that that's all over the world in the meantime instead of feeding those people, we got a bunch of people praying for them. Doesn't seem to be working too good because he's busy worrying about the odd the football games because they're all sitting there in their athletes, breakfast and they're praying in the Lord, you know, yeah, and the good God will help us win and in the, oh God, I can't stand those guys. I can't stand those guys. These jokes all all God in the Lord and giving the ability to help them win the game above the bar and then of course he helped these guys, he helped the back door boys get their hit on the charts. He helped those people get those seven kids. Right, but not before they took fertility drugs. Right. Well, he works in the serious ways. It just doesn't happen. Oh, they didn't like this. Huh? They took fertility drugs and then prayed and then they got to said, right, how do you know in that order? Okay, here's a celebrity collar. Yeah, how are you Neil? Oh my God, is this why I think it is? Are you serious? Yeah, I know. How many of you are you? What's going on? We're doing it on Q&A. What are you doing with the sports thing, huh? No, I'm not doing a sports thing. You're doing a sports thing. You're doing a sports thing. You're doing a sports thing. You're doing a sports thing. I just found out Doug and Cling had fired, so yeah. What do I know? It's a 10-horten not feeling too good here. Yeah, so the other day I was sitting on the toilet and I realized it was December 30th. I knew it was your first day on the air and I tried calling. Yeah. And it was busy. Couldn't get it wrong. You should see today. We were doing good till about 20 minutes ago and now it's kind of sitting out. This town is, you know, they laughed about two and a half days and then they peed around. Then the excitement was. That's right. How old are you? Big suck off, go the other night. The suck off, Dr. Laura wanted. Alright, that's just what I predicted. I predicted Dr. Laura who's not on I&Z, which is to be IOD. I'd be like that. And she and her rabbi called her syndicator, which is premier. And I'm all from premier radio network the next day asking me what I was trying to do and all of this and then I had to deal with the general manager of KFI and the syndicator and Dr. Laura's rabbi. You're trouble making bastard. Tell me why, O.D. Oh, I hate that station. Yeah. So why are you doing great? We're doing okay. And I hear you married somebody different from who you left your with. I married a Spanish woman instead of a black one. Well, I'll you're moving up a little bit. Yeah, I checked up a notch. What was she Mexican? Chicago? Something like that. Great picture, yeah. Makes you get in German. Oh, that's a good combination. We've had to this check. Yeah, I haven't had time. George just said, spit crop bitch. I didn't say that. And I hear she's got a show on KFI. She does, as a weekend show. Oh, my god. What an insistuous relationship. Yeah, I don't know what to, I would be. You'll never guess it was in here, the other day in our first day along with everybody else in the world who we would let in. Bob and Cheryl were here. I heard, yeah, I heard that you you welcomed them with open arms. You were happy to see them. Yeah, hey, listen, if you live in through or you could be after the packs of experience, after they be easily read experience, which you just started, but the last seven months I could write a book about. I don't want to see these. These would be people are a little bit tight, but it took like two, what was easy to the head, the force them to build a studio is that they promised seven months ago. So it's already bad, Chuck. It's great. Yeah, it's great. After getting out of packs and avoiding queer channel, it can't be out now. We heard about the stupid talk network, have you? No, I haven't. IOD is all news now and they move the talk, such as it is to INV and the stupid talk network is Steve Kain in the morning. Dr. Laura from 10 to noon, Larnas Limbaugh, noon to three, poor Rick and Suds from three to seven. And then they got all the misfits left over, Grego and Lego, my whatever it is from seven to midnight. And of course, since all their stations, they got about 20 different stations in a 10 mile radius. And they all have real bad signals, especially at night. So what they do is they come out and promote well, if you're with it, if you're north of Helen, they'll be spoiled of art and east of 441, but west of US one, you can go south 30 now. If you're north of federal highway, it's unbelievable. You have never in your wildest dreams. So they got to bless them. God bless them. Steve Widenett worked on. Yeah. I reckon such a relief and go to Atlanta or something. That's what I heard anyway. Rumors, huh? If they're smart. They'll get out of that abortion. So I was smart to leave? Yes. Just in the nicotine. And my brother lives out there. He sent me that great clip in the LA Times. It's a great piece on you. Your brother? Luzed LA. You got a brother? Yeah. How did you? Is that a miracle of modern science? What did you find this out? About a week ago. Really? And he's nine years old right this fall out. Yeah. Well, the LA Times piece, because the LA Times wants to be the New York Times. They can't just say that maybe the show's funny. They have to write about what a hoax it is. How the FCC is maybe looking into it. It was a great piece though. Uh, from the front, huh? Yeah, okay. From a kind of sending you out for it like then. I guess they miscoded me. I mentioned you in a multiple mispelled my name. Yeah, well, I mentioned you in a much more positive way. Well, I don't know what that was. All they were was the arages of the Fag. Is it asshole? Yeah. Right. And asshole. So what's wrong with that? Both true. You could fag it an asshole. Yeah. LA Times. So you're just kicking some serious ass. Well, we were at an, I was in Vegas in November. First we can November and get in the Renekar on the airport. Seven o'clock at night or whatever eight o'clock at night. Turn on KFI and you're booming in Vegas. You were doing that Bob Buss Wayne golfer of routine. Oh, yeah. That was a big hit here too. Yeah. Hey, listen, milk it while you can, baby. Well, it's great here from your Hank is pouting on the list on the desk. They're ready to do a show. Gotta get going. Okay, man. Congratulations, deals. Could be your back. And the reason I didn't come hang up on him. I got to talk to him. Okay. Hang on. Don't don't hang up. We thought it didn't come to your wedding. As I can't afford the gift. Yeah. And up. Probably something other. Well, clap like that because we send you a gift. We send you a invitation this last ever here for anybody about anything. Yeah. So thanks for that. But I hope you enjoyed it, Lily. Hahaha. Hang on, Phil. Okay. Hang in there. Best of luck, Phil. Henry. An amazing human being. Hang up on him. Oh, hang up on him. So call back. He's still there. What are his sterical spick? And what is that stuff that I'm hearing in the back? Do you hear that? Or is that the TV set? Or is that he's said? Oh, he's even turned up dividing to make sure I don't waste any time talking about. I'll Jeff Cohen of Pizza Lock. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. I'll sit down for him. It's a vain. I remember the one. Yeah, well, we don't want to get carried away. He only hit one big night. Look at that. What do you mean great picture? You're just setting it up. I don't see any picture yet. I see Sherry Lewis kill that bitch with those stupid puppets. You're going to have to get a better picture in here than that. Oh, look at that. There's that hanging judge. There's Judge duty. Can't it smash macho? Judge cock, whatever his name is, or Judge duty. You're the made at cock into a mirror now. You know what I'm saying? I mean, in the way of judge. The mirror's a judge. Well, whether he's the mirror, Judge, we know he's a fang. One or the other. But what is that all about? But Judge duty, she's the one that takes no crap. She's everybody's favorite hanging judge. She's almost as popular as that bitch, Dr. Laura, which speaking of Dr. Laura after Still Henry called in here on the Friday on the air. I spoke to him off the air for several minutes. You don't want to know. You don't want to know. She'll keep telling you what a crap business this is, which it is. They are screwing with this poor guy out there in LA. I don't want to get him in trouble or anything. But man, oh man, they're giving him crap. Yeah, he had to talk to Dr. Laura's rabbi. And a pot, this is not stick. This is for real. And a apologize because he took his his pull his suck off on the air. What does the rabbi? Huh? What was the rabbi going to do to him if he didn't apologize? If he didn't apologize? Or maybe he can yell. He'll yell. He was going to make him sacrifice his bald spot or something. But so we had a collar rabbi or was supposed to collar rabbi and a apologize for a rip and Dr. Laura and ass on the air, which he deserves. And by the way, you can catch right now in 1940 on the stupid network if you wanted to. Dr. Laura, oh thank you. Dr. Laura still has got us a big way of spasco against the Gregory Zass in there. No portion of his broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM, beefy reads acquisition court. Among folks in his greatest names, our Peter Paul and Harry. But before Mary, there was talk and now, case metal records has discovered the lawsuits of Peter Paul and Martin. Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world. But my hat, if someone had ever actually hurt Peter Paul and Martin. And you're feeling free to go to the library. And if you've gone in a sense, you're probably free. Peter Paul and Martin, every song strikes a court. Every song forms the heart and every song contains the words, jaw and ira. John's actually very pretty and believes are so sweet. If you've lost as much as me, you've been taught in the library. Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Martin. He says, I'll go up and smoke. You know, my topic today is, are we ever going to teach black people to speak English? I was going home from here on Friday and you know, the turnpike is the best way by the way, George. I don't know which way you go home. You don't take any line. Oh, but anyway, instead of going back by PP Park, which I don't like that whole, because it reminds me of my accident, it brings back bad memories. I just come in that way in the morning. But going home, if you just go 441 to county line road to the turnpike, right by the track, isn't there an exit there also? Getting off to the stadium? Yeah, but I don't want to get off to the stadium. If you're part of the expression. But anyway, that's the best way. So anyway, I go through there. I put my 50 cents in there, you think. And there's a couple of dark, complicated young guys who are standing there, obviously, work for the state for the turnpike to throw away whatever they do. At least I think they do where they stole those raincoats. But anyway, they're standing there and, you know, I'm rolling down my window to put the 50 cents to coins in the vet box. And I can hear their conversation and it's a, we're going to do that. And I thought, huh, what am I going to make it? No, we're not, we're not, we're not making it. Was it Jamaica? No, we know that these were not Jamaican. Oh, they were American. Dark, complicated people. These were not Haitian, dark, complex American. These were American, very dark, complexed people who know speaking English. So everybody's always at the risk of sounding like I want to appreciate the specs. Everybody's always screaming about the old Julios, the don't speak it in English. I got news for at least the young Julios speaking English English in my second place. Except for Anna Osquiek who still hasn't learned after 30 years. But I mean, this is not a joke. This is not a joke. And my question today is, how is it? This is a bonnick thing. I mean, we made a good joke out of that. We had fun with that because it's laughable, at best, and pathetic and worst. They used to call it in Florida when I first came here a hundred years ago. They called it social promotion. And I said, what's that? And they said, oh, it's because we got some people who just can learn anything. So instead of having to be 30 years old and still be in third grade, we keep moving along because then they keep up with their peers. And of course, supposedly they got rid of that. Well, guess what? There ain't no way. There do not be no way that that be gone. Because there are people who cannot. I'm not talking about things like let me ask you a question, which of course we all know is grammatically incorrect and very embarrassing. And even some of the Julios know are started. I called my doc. Yes. Yes. He gives me a frown. Mr. Uptight spick. Some of the Reekens are now talking like, well, some of the other darks. But like this thing. By the way, speaking of dark complexion, how about that? It'll do okay. It'll do speck. Now his agents got them over there. And the Bahamas waiting for a better deal. He's to have lots of slavery. Waiting for a better deal. And of course comes to find out that these other five people that he's trying to get visas for and master cards. What? Is it not the other? Oh, wow. Yeah. That's the whole integration system now. Okay. All you poor Haitian bastards and everybody else that's been waiting on. And the people like from the various countries in Europe who've been waiting online for like the last 75 years to get a green card in a visa. And maybe we might be nice and left to let you in. But if you can heed the ball, baby, if you can throw it, if you can sling it, if you can hit it, I almost peed my pants when I heard that. One of the other guys is an outfielder. So from now on, when we get, you know, these little Rickety boats with the Haitians that come up on shore. The first question is going to be when they come up on shore when they get them, the Coast Guard. Anybody here, a picture hit. They're not going to say anybody here, a picture catch because that of course would be a different story. Let's do a lady in Pembroke pine. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I'm on my way back to school, but before I went, I just wanted to call and clear something up. I, there's something I don't understand. And what is that? Unfortunately, I've had to listen to you for a few days. And I don't get what people keep kissing your butt. Well, wait, wait, wait, wait. Do you mean you've had to listen to me for a few days? Well, because my brother wanted to take the first show of you. So like, I wanted to, I had to like, change the tape to make sure it didn't run out. So I had to listen a little bit. Yeah, what about the other days? Well, I'm in the, I don't, I don't have the, you know, I'm not in control of the radio, but everyone calls and kisses your butt. Oh, you've been gone. My life's been a mess. I don't understand what I've been doing. But all you do is complain. People need to get a life. Yeah. I don't understand. What's the, what's the fascination with you? I don't know, but you, you must be fascinated enough to call the show. I just had to have a family in your life. Yeah, maybe you have a, a reason for why everyone still withdrawals with you. Maybe they like to. The people complain. Yeah. Maybe they like to have a family. Maybe they like to hear somebody tell it like you do is like, like, like, like, would you like life's to be sugar coated? Is that all? No, but I certainly don't want to hear about hemorrhals on the air. I don't, don't, don't tune it in. Very simple. You don't have to call me and tell me you don't want to hear. I just, you're a hankin'. I have opinions. What is it? I don't have opinions. It's not a question of having an opinion to question what you want me to talk about. I'm not going to talk about stuff that's of interest to you. What is it? How do you know what it is? It's just in the hemorrhals deeply. Okay? This audience is big on hemorrhals. Unfortunately, I understand that this is that fact. Have you ever had hemorrhals? No. They don't have to help you know about it. Get out of here. You crazy bitch. What the hell does she know? She is a walking hemorrhals. That's fucking bitch. Exactly. She's bitching about the fact that, you know, I'm talking about hemorrhals. You haven't some time honey. You have hemorrhals when you can't even put your ass on the seat. All of a sudden that feeling comes in your stomach when your nature is calling. And you dread. You're dread making that move toward the pot because you know the pain and Spain is mainly in your reign as God. Have you bought it? I'm asked, don't I? Yeah. No. They're not bad. They're not that bad. They just are persistent. And I think when Greg Reed moves to Arizona or somewhere, I think they might just have a tendency to go away. I love colors like you. Sweetheart, if I could get 10 people like you every day, we have a 95-year. But I, and you notice it always starts out the same. She's been forced to listen for several days and even though she's not taping for her brother today, she's listening again today so she can tell you chapter and verse everything I'm talking about that displays her ugly ass so much that she felt compelled to call in and she can't understand why anybody would listen to this show. That's fucking bitch. Exactly. Get a life sweetheart. She's talking about nobody else has got a life, but she's being coerced. She's being held at gunpoint and forced to listen to this show. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Can't believe you ragged on handsome. Good harmony. Good harmony band. They suck. I do a harmony band. Give me a break. Those kids are like, they're like from outer space. Hey, they got their hidden notarynges there. They're getting all the notes in. I think, uh, I said great. That a fall. You know, I like their version of the, uh, I start spangled banner at the, uh, Yeah. The violin game. When they were boot off in boot off the field. It inspired us to victory. No, it's a matter of fact they boot before the song, but after the song, they got an applause. Yeah. Yeah. They boot them because they're, I know. Hanson blows. You're wishing they blew you me. No, I do not. Hey, no. I think that things are up your alley. Oh, okay. Okay. Put a file. See, then I say that like, with two words in the call. I can smell them. Grow a man into a bunch of little kids that look like little girls. Five, six. Put the crap. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Yeah. I'll listen to your past couple of shows that you did. And, uh, you know, perception of black and it's not that you're very focused. You know, because if you look at white and the population, wet Virginia, their language is just added to the other, uh, race of people. Yeah. It depends on your educational background. That's why that's what I just got to your scene a little while ago. And I was talking about that. Your educational background. But let me ask you something. How come the people, the, the white people in South Florida who go to the same schools that the black people go to? How come they speak English most of them? They may not be rocket scientists. But I'll come to speak proper English and an awful lot of the black people keep moving to head. One grade to another and then another and they can't speak English. What do they mean? They can't even tell you that they're a black that attend the same school. They speak English just as well. They're white. They attend the same school. It's a big point. You know, if you can't say certain rates of people speaking English and working in other ways. Sure, I can because it's true. But through a denial, sir, you're in denial. You have the fast proven. If you can't even find a good answer right here on the statute, they brought them from the game. It's not as much as the statute right in front of me. You're a city you are happily talking. I'm talking intercity youth. I'm talking about right up here on the turn by yesterday. I'm going to Friday, going home and I'm going to hear this all the time. I hear this from adult women. I hear it from teenage black kids. I hear them speaking crap. Cocka that is not that is not the English language. People shouldn't be allowed to graduate from one class to another until they can speak properly. Let me say this. Nice circle. Wouldn't you agree that unless you speak English properly, you're not going to go anywhere? I agree with you. Let me say this. My circle of black friends. We speak properly. Well, thank God for you, sir. I'm going to don't stereotype. What do you mean by that? Don't stereotype. I didn't mean you didn't judge the interjector and make a point of saying that there are about 20 people like people who speak English properly. You used to speak pointed out sticks and blacks. Maybe what about the apolymata of his adjunct. What about the apolymata of his adjunct? I don't live in the Appalachians. Okay, I don't care about Appalachian whites. They're a white people. They're a white people. They're a white people. They can speak English either. They're talking white trash now. They're a white person. Okay, we categorize everyone. Don't specifically point out blacks and sticks. Well, they're a million-during bonds speak perfectly English. Okay, well, I'm just saying you're pretty- And if Julian Bond can speak perfectly English, why can't all young black people speak stuff? Because not all white people speak perfectly. Well, forget about white people. But not a perfect society. Not everyone can be able to say that. Not everyone can be able to say that. Why not? Why not? Why not? No society. Well, let's get with it. Let's get with it. I say, let's begin with it. Yeah, let's get all the white children in the black children and then spend it turn together. And not all the white children. Forget about those speaks. They're worried about Cuba. Forget about that. Other than that, I think you sure are okay. Okay, thanks a lot. He thinks it's okay. Hi, this is Jocelyn Elders and I'm Mad. Mad at those right wing sons of bitches that force Bill Clinton to find me. Just hold her there. Hell, they think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers. Maybe if Jesse Holmes had busted a chip or a new gang rich had butt of the call to Little Moore, it wouldn't be so uptight. So I'm going to dog never hurt anybody. And if people did a little more of it, we might save some lives. Hell, if Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey, he'd even be in less hot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like See Dick Run. When you see Dick Run, get to the doctor because you picked up a bank case of crowds crickets. Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a balloon ride and parking their yacht in Hair Harbor. Now, we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the python, walk the door, wax the carrot or tickle the taco. We don't all be better off. That's all I have to say. Now I'm going on now. I see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toast and hail oyster and both the brille. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. No. I can't talk to you. It's okay. You're that kind of just caught talking about different lengths, lengths, and so black people, whatever. Yeah. Have you ever watched Jerry for your late at night? Jerry Springer? Yeah. And what if I did I would never admit it? Jerry Wanger? Have you ever heard of it? For people with an inverted penis? Anyway, have you ever heard of this? To me, they're like so trash. Why don't we get on here? Of course, if they didn't have those people on the phone, they won't have. Hello, shows it'd be off the ear if we did that trailer park trash. Okay. And a lot of illiterate, a black people. Okay. Well, they have a lot of illiterate white component that works out and talk like they're so down to earth as it is to store a brother. Yeah. Okay. What's the point? The point is. Yes. Many more ignorant white people that cannot talk good English or proper English and black. Yeah. Trust me. Well, there's always Chris Darden. I don't give a shit. Anyway, that's going to be a bad thing. That kind of a... Couldn't you have in the fixed case, but he's pretty articulate. I don't give a shit. I don't really don't care about him. I really don't. What Johnny Cochrane? Cochrane? Yeah. Some just Cochrane. Some just bro. Just to me. Listen to me, Joe. Okay. You know, you see in-term accelerating. You're right. This is going to go up. You want to get some more beer boys out there and tell people where you are. That caught that because the money sweetheart. This caught you. The money. They're not into that. No. They're bothered. They may have it, but they don't want to get into it. Yeah. For real. I mean, some friends are speaking of you the other day. Yeah. How I thought you would come back. I was surprised to discover that even listening to you. Yeah. Another closet listener, huh? Probably a dike. I don't know about that. Yeah. See, I wouldn't surprise me. I don't know about her personal little life about a dike or whatever. I thought it was the same Katherine's and by his bill, those. Listen, sweetie. You have a great day and I'll see you on the Jerry Springer show. This is Sports Radio 560 QAL. Oh, man. Yesterday we had a very brief conversation and unfortunately, should have gone on hell of a lot longer because I brought up the topic of a literate black people and why it's part of the whole conspiracy of keeping blacks down in American society, which it is. And of course, many blacks become very upset about that. There was one very articulate black collar who called it and said that we were generalizing, which we were not. And we got sidetracked on the whole thing. But I was thinking about it after the show and that is there. And forget about the Appalachians. I don't want to hear about all these other places. This guy was bringing into conversation. But like, wait, here in this town. If you want to talk about ethnic minorities, Cuban kids. I'm talking about Cubans who were born in this country. They go to the same school. They take English and the other courses and they speak basically perfectly English. Then they have a little spying with shinere, but they speak English perfectly. Fluently. And they don't say let me ask you a question. Black kids born in this country. That not kids that were brought over in crates hundreds of years ago. Black kids born in this country go to the same school. And many of them. Are we generalizing? Many of them. Most of them speak. I don't know about the blackies. A lot of too many. I think it depends on the neighborhood. I'm the hood. Yo yo yo yo. Be generalizing now. Mama. And I think you're wrong. I think that if you get around a bunch of young black guys, for example, most of them will talk blackies, which is not English. And if you speak blackies, I mean, it's a free country. You're entitled to do that, but you ain't going to be going nowhere. Unless, of course, you're one of those one in 10 billion people. Like in, you know, 7 feet tall and tie backs of ball. Something like that. Or unless, of course, you have a visa from the Clinton administration to come over here. That thing, the yel duke thing is the most unacceptable disgrace that I've seen in a long, long time. And now all of a sudden, it's interesting the way the TV news people who are a couple of days ago. All this is the greatest thing we ever saw. And yel duke, we've got to get another picture. And hey, maybe the marlins won't be so bad after all about papa. This is a disgrace. First of all, his common law wife, his girlfriend, who may refer to his common law wife. They're not even married. They've got the two kids back there and two, but they're not being married. Maybe that explains why the two of them are back there. Maybe that's part of the reason. And the eight people who came up on shore into Bahamas from Cuba, they were ready to turn them around and send them back to the port. They're like they do all the so-called illegal aliens. But guess what? Then they find out the last minute that one of them is a real hot shot picture. Who happens to be leave on our end is his brother. It'll duke, he'll dupe back. Now all of a sudden the story changes. Then he can form to them that one of the other five guys in the, of the five that they want to get visas for. And master cards. This guy's an outfielder who can really hit that ball. So now the US consulate gets involved in their intervening and oh yes, we're going to do this. And we're going to do that and we're going to give you visas. And he's going to steal over there in the Bahamas as long as he wants. Of course he said it's not the money. And his answer that he hasn't said a dime to leave on hasn't said him a dime to his family or him already. But he also had much contact. So the whole thing really stinks and wreaks. But nobody seems to care about that because it's just like the thing with this clown. But Lawrence Phillips on the dolphins. Love it. It's just anything about that either because as long as you may be able to win us again. We don't care how much of a criminal you are. We don't care if you came in illegally. We don't care about nothing. This what really bugs me about a lot of these so-called sports fans is they don't, that there is no screw. What's so ever forget about it. And these people are more important than anybody else. And of course the other six people or five people are ever going to want to go and back to human being persecuted over there. And maybe sitting in jails and cast rose jails for years and years. Nobody gives a flying crap about them because they can't throw a goddamn ball. Well, that'll teach him. Maybe we've had a learn to play little ball. They might have a hell of a Chinaman's chance or Cubans' chance or something like that. Now those Haitians instead of so-and-up the baseballs that they start learning to hit and pitch him. Then we might let a few more of them in here. No matter how dark I'm plugged to they might be. Anybody can so a baseball that hit in the McCachium. That's a little bit tougher. Let's try my name spring. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, you can be so wrong with the question of leave on her hand. Does it go directly against what you stand for? The fact is, you know, that money will make everything go. First of all, I wasn't talking about leave on her hand as we're talking about his brother. It'll do okay. Yeah, right. I'll do okay. Right. I'm sorry. I made a mistake with the name. First mistake. No, I apologize. But the thing is, is that you're the first one that says, you know, where's the money? What, you know, what's the real reason behind it? I'm the fact, wait a minute, what do you mean I'm the first one that says, where is the money? No, no. I've been screaming for years about overpaid jobs, a literate assholes at the public admired jobs entertainers, celebrities all this. So here I'll worship of more runs. I've been saying that for years, please don't try to, you know, tell me what my agenda is because you don't know what you're talking about. All right. Now what I say. Well, don't you think that everybody deserves to make as much as they can? What does that have to do with any legal alien? Well, there are two laws. There are two laws. There's one law that can pitch in the play out field. And when one for people who don't have any athletic talent, all he has to do, only has to do basically yes. Yes, I think that that's what we're doing. And so, I'm wrong. You can don't that. I don't think that's right. I don't think that there's other for Schlepper who are on that boat, who are going to be deported back to Cuba and wind up being thrown in jail. You think that's okay because this asshole is a picture with his wife and his two little kids that he left back in Cuba with his common law wife. You think that's something we should admire and then you should go out and test the Fred and the market and see how many millions of dollars we had a pamphlet because you can throw a baseball because if you believe that sir, you got a mental problem. No, no. What do you believe? You said that I was wrong. What do I believe? Well, I believe it's morally wrong. But the fact is that the laws are set up in a way in which the guy who can pitch the guy who could who could run. Sir, they can pay. And have a nothing to do with the law. The law doesn't say anywhere that we make exceptions. I mean, can you imagine the Congress passing a law that says, well, this is our immigration policy. All you will legally and so don't come in properly. We're going to send you back. But if you can pitch a baseball or throw a football, then we'll let you come in. That's not what the law is. There is a law that was a matter of time. You're telling Congress saying what? That you'll do okay. I could come in. The law said was any foreigner that's willing to invest a million dollars in the United States. Automatically gets a visa and that is a law passed by Congress by four years. And they'll do okay is putting a million bucks on. Oh, he has to do it's fine. The contract and he's got to put a supermarket down anywhere in town for million dollars. And he he fulfill the requirement of the law. Put a supermarket to whatever any kind of business. He only has to invest a million dollars. He doesn't have a million dollars. He doesn't have a million cents. He doesn't have a pop of piss. And what do you talk about? He can have a contract sign. Come on. He could. He doesn't. And the fact is that when he washed up on the behanyan shores with those other seven people, he was just another illegal alien in the eyes of our laws. Okay, sir, and you're trying to rationalize it. And now you're going, here's the money. And he's going to be a picture. You don't want to puk. Okay, get out of here. Get out of here. You make me sick people like you. Ascels like you. Yeah, show me the money. Yeah, I'm making more money here than I wasn't the other drug. But you know something? I'm not making all that much more. Maybe down the road if I survive here the last fourth and fifth year of this deal. Maybe I will. I'm not. It's just unconscionable to me that because somebody is a jock. It's just like I was listening to some of the clips that were planned on the morning show this morning at the end. There's some of the basketball players. Yeah, he gets in my head. He gets in my head. And you know, and you're glamour. That's why I bring up this topic of illiteracy, man. It makes me sick to my stomach. I cannot admire people. I don't care how good of an athlete they are. I can't admire people who are a bunch of illiterate scumbags. Okay. I don't admire those people. Makes me sick to my stomach. They want to puke. Oh, do you do she? I'm shoot that ball. Yeah. Big steak and deal. God. Makes me just want to vomit. The the values they attitude. I mean, you talk about more. That that's America for you, man. I've been telling you that for years. The premium is on stupidity. Arnold Schwarzenegger. Uh, sliced along. The bummer they are. The more fans they got here. She don't. It's not showing me the money. It's showing me the stupidity. You know, once upon a time, I mean, can you imagine if Woodrow Wilson were running for president now. This guy's alive now. And he runs for president the next election. You think Woodrow Wilson have a chance of getting elected just like Adelaide Stevenson at a great chance. Because the guy with, I mean, this was the early age of television. And we had a warrior who were coming out for get about intellectuals. Forget about people with a brain. There's no premium on smarts in this country. The venues are all screwed up, baby. They're all screwed up. Just like this crap that's going to go on. I was sunny, bono because he was a marginal. I mean, mediocre entertainer and a very, very, how the this guy only got into politics because he was an energy. Because he was an entertainer, which of course is very big in California, George Murphy, Ronald Reagan, Sonny Bono, it never ends out there. There's a high school dropout. There you go. So like I said, all your kids out there drop out of high school right now. Forget about being literate and articulate drop out of high school right now. And you can get killed in the skiing accident too. All right. Even the Jews are skiing, not close to show your man. The guy I'm a lead you down to garden path every time. And it's the same thing. Is that pedal fart on the kid? Where did he him? Okay. I'm not going to talk to that old fart. I'm going to grab on the air. Go take one pack. Get out there. Go back to Rochester. Go back to a rendez-coort. You idiot. God. You want to know why we cut him off? And how come they treat him like crap on you? Well, maybe if you listen to that conversation of your assurant, your potty mouth. You disgusting filthy mouth old fag. Get out of here. Like that. You can hear me. I want it to be for me. I'm dead. Can't hear it. I like it. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. Hey. Great. You saw the hype that they played. They needed a leave on mother to get a special visa. Come to the country, a special protection. Super in. Yeah. Right. She must have brought back some information just when they showed a do-shade face on TV. You know, what you can do if you just get over there on a boat. Yeah, right. There was a girl. I don't know if you checked it out for like three years. She was real sick. She's from Cuba. But her father was over there. She had kidney failure for three years. They were trying to get her father over to do it. Right. The kidney. Three years. She had to lose her eyesight. But for the for the Hernandez and L. Bayes ball. And the fact that there is anybody who can don't this thing. Oh, yeah. This is great. And the Netherlands can sign them up. These people seriously. They're taking up. They're taking up space on the face of this planet. They should be sent. Put in a rocket ship and set off to your rain. I hear you. All right. Now have a great day. Yeah. I mean, you talk about a mentality. And I know I've been screaming about it for. And I'm not going to stop because nobody else talks about this. It's unacceptable, man. It's unfreeking acceptable. I don't give a crap if he throws the ball 120 goddamn miles an hour. Okay. Now if he can play hockey, that's another story. Then we'll sign them up. And the problem is those spiks. They don't have no hockey players. That's the problem. We all these in the Haitians. No Haitian hockey players. Thank God. Okay. Totally. We got no dark even that sport already. Don't start. You know, it's the only thing we have left. It's the only thing we've got left is hockey. Even sports illustrated here several weeks ago. They had a front page story. It's not ever happened to the white athlete, which I was kind of shocked. That sports illustrated. A kind of smoothie publication like that would have the looks for and the balls to come up with. And it's true. I mean, basketball is strictly a black man sport. They're like a few token whites left in there. Because there aren't too many white guys who are 7 feet tall in the first place. Football, baseball, see that Jackie Robinson. They let a couple guys in there. I mean, you never stole a freight train. Then all of a sudden you got Larry Dolby. And then it's like, where they all come from. So hockey. And then of course there was always golf. There was golf, which to me is as boring. I mean, I can't begin to tell you if you admit to watching golf on television. You should also be put on the same rocket. You would people think that L.D. should be here pitching a baseball. But golf was a white man sport. They had one or two along the way to make it look good. Then this tiger Woods comes in. I am so sick and tired of hearing about tiger Woods. Is he a tie? Is he black? Is he this? Does he tie one on? Is he a faggot? What is this story? I don't know. But at least leave us our hockey. We got that Greer kid on Edmonton. We got Grant Fewer. We got famous Amos there on the caps on the bro ones. We got like, maybe a half a dozen. That's plenty. That's a nice token isn't there. And then we got that Donald Brashier who's nothing but a goon over there in Vancouver. That's plenty. That's enough for right now. And then of course we keep in this guy calling up calm Brian Murray. All we're going to bring Kevin. We expect we don't need any black gold tenders. I put you ready. Leave these guys alone. Okay. Nice white sport. What's wrong with that? Can't there be a white sport? How about tennis? Since our therage crowed. I'm here. Are there any black tennis players of note that we are in your big tennis fan? Oh, yeah. Here's something. There's definitely a more fag tennis player than there are blacks. Unless Martinez are retiring again. Do you have a let me say somethin first? Let me say somethin. Here's South Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Pointed as this. I wanted to say something about when I think I do something about this guy that's right out there without a sense whether it's insurance. On those old racks, you know, what maybe $200, you know. I mean, it would take a chunk of the chip in a uniform I would have bad. And if he didn't get him. I saw one of the other. It was a chip with a uniform. It was a matter of fact right on the corner up here. I mean, you know, and the point that I want to go closer to that, the cops are not exempted. There was one this morning that got hit that I liked there as you would say going on a quarter, something. Yeah. For a guy's in a car and I'm taking the coffee and people say, why did they run away? I mean, they didn't have a dime for a certain insurance. Yeah. And I got hit water pal. We can't get our act together or Florida. Yeah. It must have been for everybody to tell everybody it's safe and it's wonderful here. We're too busy worrying about things like that. Yeah. If the cops are going to build a new stadium for the win high Zenga. If they want to do something about their colleague or any more of their colleagues are getting her or people out there that could take maybe half an hour or the blow was a spent of the coffee shop hitman and the waitress is in. Well, they're in the practice spot this course and everything's stopping. Well, I'm sure it's just thought about it. I'm traffic enforcement in this state is a joke anyway. You know, this we're talking about this a couple of days ago that people now make left turns on green arrows and then the light changes to red and four five six more cars go. This is an oath that in South Florida, just started last year or two and it's getting worse and worse. I have never in my life seen a cop pull somebody over because they ran a red light at a left turn. I've never ever seen it happen. And you see all these people making these a cop is never around when people are doing all these irrational things. We got no real inspection system in this state. We got 85 year old people getting six year renewal licenses in the mail. People that can't see people that can't hear people that can't walk. People that are like mentally in law, all that. Getting licenses in the mail renewal for six years or 90 years old. And in the meantime, they're sitting on high-edist road up there by me under the tree with their radar guns out. Just like they were on honey hill road this morning. I'm coming to work and they're sitting there with their radar guns right under the abutmenter by the stadium. We're under the bridge. They're more concerned about sitting there with a radar gun all day. They don't put that on the road. That's not the individual a porker out there though. So that's that's the mentality of law enforcement in this state. That's the powers that be is writing business. What gets me that this guy said don't have any insurance. They have those old, dilapidated old heek. They are the ones that were still found. You know, not for big we should have a real inspection system in the state of Florida Palace. A little engine being it. So if you got bald tires and no breaks, what power to you welcome to Florida? I was writing south from my name in lakes and it was that road was rainy. It was wet and there was this guy. If there was a I mean he was still getting it's wrong thing. But this guy, if there was a fly between my bumper and his, it would have got squashed. And he was at the hunk in the horn and you know, blow and the women the lights and I went up to 60 miles. And I said let me get this guy out of my toe. But he got up on it. So very careful. I just moved up to the right and the guy right by me and he punched it. And they was doing like like, like, you know, a middle finger and all that stuff. Nice. They've got a come out of the chair. This is the land of hospitality. Have a great day. Good luck here. Oh, kind of. I mean, that's that's one thing that is never going to change. It's getting worse and worse because it's a real Yahoo mentality law enforcement down here. And traffic enforcement, you can't complain about it because there isn't any. It's a joke. You get to a corner, the light, the green arrow comes on and a couple of cars go and then it turns yellow and a couple of more cars go. And now it's turned red. Now you're ready to come the other way because your light is great. Well, wrong wrong because guess what? Here comes another one. Make a return. Here's another one behind that asshole. Make another turn. Here's at least three four five. I have counted six people because well, you know, some of these lights are pretty long. 80% of all accidents happen at intersections. And I'm going to, I'm going to tell you another one. And they just changed the light by the way, it knob hill and sunrise up in plantation by me. And at first, I thought it was a little bit inconvenient because there's more of a lag between the green lights depending on whether you're going north or south. It's a blessing because I'm going to tell you, if you want to get killed, if you definitely have a feeling of suicide in your bone. All you have to do is just go to the corner of hiatus that I say knob hill, hiatus and sunrise and sit there at that light up until they changed it. And then when the light turns green, just go ahead, forget it because the traffic on sunrise is going 80 miles an hour. And they run that light like four seconds after it turns red. I've driven all over this country. I have never ever seen what passes is driving the goes on down here any place else. Remember I got nailed that time by the station guy running a red light over on one of the tenters. I haven't ever done whatever that was by the old IOD. And today I'm good thing I had a fast Corvette because I wouldn't be sitting here today. I'll tell you that because I saw him out of the corner of my eye and I floored it and all he'd do was catch the real tail ass end of that car. And this guy just zoom. I'm talking about seconds after his light had turned red. In a pickup truck. Let's optional now. Big enough to kill you very easily. Thank you. You don't have to stop. It's just a suggestion. Yeah. And yeah, exactly. If the light turns red, if you feel like it, you might want to stop. If you're in a big hurry, give it a shot. Just go ahead. That's the new traffic deal I've floored. Because see me or I like to be too picky. We don't want to be one of those fascist states. Here's a mobile and perine. Hello. Mobile and perine. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm calling from the hood, man. All right. I'm calling your your your your mama. I'm calling from the phone. I just fell from this crack. I had a problem with what you said earlier. Yeah. You know you were talking about the man who said us black and the hood talk. Yeah, but you don't be sound like you do it too good though. You sound like I'll speak in English. I thought I can speak in English. Yeah. I'm actually a question though, Neil. Or you did say Axel. That's good. Can you. Or there are more crackle faggots in black faggots. Oh yeah. Yeah, that's true. I mean, for what you have a problem. And there's far more spikfaggots. And there are both of the above put together. Hey, let me let me hear. What's that thing you play about this big or something? You play on over the air. This thing about dick. Yeah. Why do you have an obsession with dick? No, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I do like man. He's talking about cowboy decks. Oh cowboy deck. Cowboy deck. Okay. Thank you so much. And have a great day, pal. There's a guy a young dark and plucked man who's got an obsession with cowboy Dick. Hey, what's he eating? Cowboy deck. Hey, hey, hey, hey. The cruise. There's nothing like a little cowboy deck. I screwed. I'm not something. I'm got a craving. Yeah, well, I have some cowboy deck. Oh, the cowgirls loved my cowboy deck. Oh, nice. I should know. Because I'm cowboy deck. I like my cowboy deck with some nets. No problem, partner. Introducing cowboy deck. With not so big, you can hardly wrap your lips around. My onions love cowboy deck. I'm still here, posse. With my cowboy deck. Oh cowboy deck. Yeah, try it. How is it? I can't talk. My mouth is full of cowboy deck. I'm smiling. She's smiling. I feel that your mouth with my cowboy deck. I help you. Your throat's freezer. Once you had your first cowboy deck, you won't ever go back. Would you feel with cowboy deck, your screen? Hey, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. There you go, paddy. You asked for it and you've begun this. Here's Pompito Beach, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. I was wondering what you think about that bitch, Kathy Lee. Came up with that statement the other day about defending about that Kennedy kid. Yeah, I was saying about the 14 year old that you were. Well, you're expecting from one slot to another. What is your really wasn't 16? How many 14? You have 16? Yes. Consenage and, uh, uh, give me a few. She was 14. Maybe now she's 16. Yeah, it's two years later. Now she's 16. Yeah, then they were a first. About five years, she'll be 21. How do you like that? Then they were a first. That damn Kennedy family is the camel. You got them. You know, it's looking to my family with my wife. And I said, I don't have a rate. I don't. I was guy. Maybe he ought to go out and get one. Exactly. It sounds to me like you could use one pal. Hi. Okay. Welcome back. This is Kathy Lee Gisper here in the radio answering your questions. Did nothing you and your marital problem? Let's go to the phones. Hi, Kathy. I have a question about my heart. Your husband is a piece of shit. A piece of shit that's cheating bastard. Okay. Next call. Hi, Kathy. Hi. Yeah. I wanted to ask you about what you said about Bill Confield. Okay. Is that piece of shit? My child. Woo, woo. Watch out, the large. Is that piece of shit? Okay. One more phone caller before we take a break here. Hello. This is Kathy Lee. Hi. Yeah. Kathy. I'm calling about the earlier call. When you call, the guy's mailman of peace. Are you married? Oh, well. Yes. Are you? Or a piece of shit? Hey. Is that shit? You're sitting bastard. Okay. Now we take a break for our sponsors and narrow up things. That's shit. Why won't the machine start? It's a date that's shit. No. No. Stop. You just knocked this off the ear. You're moving. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can't see the things you've done. Tell me, and bring me to the city of Georgia. Tell me, and bring me to the city of Georgia. He wants to see your boy, Knaz, much much older. Right? You know, and making you wouldn't try to pull the gun. Can't do you, and everything, and he wants to see you. Tell me, and bring me to Georgia. Yeah, you're kind of a guy. You call me, I do a guy. You're kind of a dream. You brought you in and in and in and in and out. Tell me, is that you're trying to get me to the house. And we, he's this big epic gaming in the house. He wants you to understand me, and he wants me to run day to day to day. You're the one who's trying to get me in and in and in and in and in. Tell me, and bring me to Georgia. You're the lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. How are you? I'm doing great. Well, I just wanted to tell you that I started listening to you like today's ago. Here in my job. Great. And that I think that you're right. I really like you, man. You know, I like how you are. You straight out. Well, I'm not so straight, but I am out. Okay. Yeah. I heard that. I heard that, but that's okay. Right. You're so lovely. That's right. All right, man. What do you think of Enrique Iglesias? You're a bit. You can't think for shit. I think back when I said before about the best call of the year so far. Nice call and sweetheart. That was the best. Evidently a big Enrique fan. That was that. It's nasty. I think George put her up to that. I think you were responsible. Anybody that messes with Enrique Iglesias, definitely my bad name is Matt Clark. I don't want to hear this piece of crap. Oh. Oh. Call call. Who's hard to hear? Who's hard to hear? Who's the other one? Who's the other one? Come and ask me. This is a rip-off. This is a rip-off. How did you get this? That was a... No, I'm sorry. That was a... No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Two black. There's the best second in the day because I'm crying. I'm crying. Oh. Okay. Here's a four-laterdale call. Hello. Yes? What's going on? How you doing, sir? All right. I started listening to you when you first came on QAM. And you were still there a week later? Yeah. It was like last week. So I heard your name on the countdown that they were having the daily countdown. You had to go. Right. I said a little lesson to you. You never really introduced yourself. You know, I kind of like... I'm starting to pick things like... You might be gay. Yeah. Right. You're right. Thank you, sir. Right. My family was... Right. What? You really tell us that you... You placed somewhere else before you came here. Or how it all started. I didn't know that it was... It was a beginning. Is it? I said, have a great day, pal. Okay. Okay. We don't have time for me to tell the whole of story. But at least he's enjoying the show. He's a little depressed about it, obviously. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Are you doing your... You're great. No, I just wanted to say, you know, Bixie Craft started listening to you show because you come on after the first team. And just before he comes on. Right? You know, you sell a lot of things that are like kind of a counter for us. You also, you know, when I'm listening, I like to call them. You know, a challenge from the thing that you say just to make sure they don't go on to challenge. Right. In the process of listening to them, I'm still wondering and waiting. Like, when you actually kind of bring something to the table. Interviews. We don't do interviews. You're almost never have guests. This is my show. What do you mean bring something at the table? What I bring to the table is the new Roger show. We have people, if you laugh a little bit of provocation. Well, I mean, why do I want to be the same as everybody else's damn show? Why would I want to do that? Well, actually, you can come from a different perspective. You wouldn't have to say how to sports guests. But, you know, here's another, if you're a new listener, right? And already this is the fifth or sixth day of my initiation. And here's another guy that's programming the show for me. Yeah, I'm not programming the show. Of course you are. I don't want, what guest will you like me to have on? I used to have guest on. I used to do topics for years in this town. And was number one in doing that. And you know, something that was as boring as smelling paint. It was worse than that. Well, I'm not boring as eating vanilla ice cream. I'm not going to have a national. Who would you like to hear? I'm not going to have a national event. I'm going to have a national event. Well, I'm not going to have a national event. Because in this town, if you think there's interesting people in the view of this town, give me 100 names immediately. Come on, let's hear. You got sure, you got her. This is not a sports show. You got way high, is it? Ah. This is not a sports show. I'm not going to get on. Where you high things, eh? Where you not, where you not. Where you not. Way high thing. I have a little come on the show. What you never know. And I wouldn't have it on the show. I'm not going to come on here and lick his butt. Why don't you get one or two litre of you to get it. Hold those already to ready your stations right in there. And find out why that's that, that he brought you over to the station in the first place. You wouldn't want to hear him. Well, you can never get him. You could never get him. You could never get him to show up anyway. Or you may have what you called him right now. He never return to call. Well, no, no, no. The one call that they're going to see. Let me ask you something. Yes. Has the guy that owns this station or is the manager does he have a show? No. Okay. Does she all have a radio show? She doesn't have a show. She needs to have a radio show. No, no. No, no. But does he have a radio show? Okay. Does Wayne Heizinger have a radio show? No, why don't you go out and they're taning. They're boring. They're boring people. I'm not saying they have to be on the show every day. They've never got to be on the show. You could take listen. If you want to make some serious money, you can take it to the bank right now. Those people that you just mentioned will never ever be on the show. Let me just say to the column that they call before any of this kind of, I don't know. And so I'm here or something. But he brought up a good point. I have been listening to you. You never really made it clear to your audience in terms of what your format was. Well, of course, if you listen to the show, you find out it's just a free wheeling. We just do it. It's what it is. It's not a format. Okay. I will be wondering if you call is it with definitely keep you keeping on my toes. Excellent. Excellent. I don't like ass kisses. I like people like you that want to keep me on my toenails. I want to appreciate it. Okay. Thank you. All right. We do. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. This is not. This is not. They want to say good. I can't. You know, if you're a Joe, a Lenny, and you know, a good boy, if he is he is that one, that is not in Hebey. He studies big jobs, or does it give you the standing voice? That's right. That's right. A man lead man is a good model and that means being a posible man. But I don't like any of his kids on the board, but I also want you to everything we said. You do? Yes. No, but it doesn't bother me. It's a big bitch. Yeah. Exactly. One more time. So you're up there today and you're really missing being down here here in the show, right? Yeah, but I know something you miss him. Good Hemorrhage talk today too, by the way. Hemorrhage and foot fetishes. You missed all the good stuff. So isn't there anything nice we could talk about? No. No, we're talking. We're not talking about no hockey. Okay. We're talking about really mind-lead stuff like Hemorrhage. You're being oozing Hemorrhage. It's a check-in to the board. I don't think so. And how about you? I could take a check-in to the bank. I do every couple of weeks. A big one. Well, where's mine? Yeah, I don't know where yours is. In fact, I would look deep inside your echo. You might find it. Oh, geez. Have an nice life sweetheart. Okay. Thanks for calling. Bye. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Just like I said, just like this asshole will call him in and go about how to wisely you can take a big check in the boring yourself, which he should live so long. And then the guy that called earlier on the morning show about, you know, what else can he listen to between 10 and 2? And then heard that Colvin, she was down here a few days ago, complaining in belly. I could have got a lot of gross and hemorrhage and so on. They can't turn it off for a lover money. And I know that. I know that. So if you think that you're fooling me, I've been doing this too long. You can't con a con artist. And if it makes you feel better that you protest like, oh, this is garbage. And you would listen to it. How could you be calling me if you weren't listening to it? Why would anybody, I've asked this many, many times I'll act it one more time. Why would anybody in the right mind? Anybody with even the most mind-nude semblance of a life? Call any radio show and express their dislike for it instead of just reaching over and selecting any of the other 6 million choices that they might have or going and playing my junk or playing with themselves or doing whatever they wanted to do. I mean, we're talking about people with very, very, very serious life deficiencies. People who are light challenged. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Welcome back to the air. Thank you, sir. I agree that clear-challenge communications puts back in the shame. Yeah. Now, could you please clear that phone call from Bill Henry your head last year? About one. About him being in Los Angeles. Oh, yeah. Okay. It's coming right up. You know, six years ago, George, we had a really great call from Moji Puppek. Can we get that on right away? Okay. Palisers hanging there. Sure. I think that's what I'm talking about. Oh, the women's bill Henry, man. Do we miss him? We had a thing going on that station. All we needed was a real morning show. I'm sorry, Rick. I mean, I'm sorry, sir. All we needed was a dynamic. If we had Bob and Tom in the morning on a can you imagine George, listen to me for one second, it would be a first. If we were to had Bob and Tom in the morning who are now becoming syndicated and still in the afternoon, could you imagine we would have had double digit cheers, even a fat boy would have been able to sell Los shows. But thank God we got to sell the apartment here. Well, you were right about them. We were right about these guys. You know, you meet them in the beginning before I started here. They all seem very nice and like very pleasant people and very friendly and very happy to have me here. And now we've only been here a week and I'm realizing that this is like, makes everything in the past paler to win significance. I mean, clueless and chulus. They haven't got any concept of what copy is about of what any of it is about much less selling any spot. You wouldn't want to bite us spots. We did an item think so. Have an eye say though. Oh my God. They're going to take us back in those days of yesterday when you know when QAM had those point two's. I mean, we might have big numbers, but we would be selling it like those days. The Neil Roger show sports radio. I'm 60. You a ham. You can have full celebration and they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk over here, the Chuffer and the Fee. There's only 1,000 apples in an apple from the made. The precise good people there's the apple from the rage. We've got to add some freedom. That's all fun. That's all for Jesus. We add some food. We add some apples for Justin. Apple, grind. Apple, apple, apple, apple. I'll grind. But the thing is, we don't need to do it. We don't need to do it. We've got apples making money. We're making all the rules. Making all our jobs. We have to do that. We've got to do it. Apple is not the one or. Apple is the guy. We can just add the things that help one it. And we have so many to apply. We've got to do that. We've got to do that. We've got to do that. And we've got to do that. We've got to do it. You want to tell me, I really made the trade. My head was not black, my mind just another asshole on the race. I'm just a person to do it. Just a person to do it. You're the one to do it. You're the one to do it. You're the one to do it. I told him to give the order. And I told him to go. I told him to get elected. Because I told him to go. I want to hurt his face. I told him to never die. And his name is me. I told him to go. I told him to go. I told him to never die. And so should I never die. I told him to never die. I told him to never die. Just a person to do it. I told him to go. I should have done much of this morning. That would have been good. Why have a few beefs today, baby? We don't want to get started on a negative note. Oh, man. Just in the last 24 hours. I got enough beefs to fill up a goddamn encyclopedia. By the way, Erica, you're another one of my beefs. The last color on the worst day in this morning with her beef. Be in me, which is fine. I mean, if you don't like the show, I mean, you got a lot of company. There's plenty of people don't like it. Can't handle it. Emotional cripples. But guess what's we, heart? This isn't the sports show. It never was. And it's never going to be. And I told you that the very first self same day. And guess what? It's also not a sports station anymore. They haven't figured that out yet. And some of the promos and whatever, but it's not a sports. They're all sports. It's mostly sports as in 20 out of 24 hours, which is five, six, which is a hell of a lot. 80 over 80 percent. What is that? 83 percent something like that? Who knows? And more than enough. Trust me when I tell you more than enough. Believe me when I, especially in this market, much more than enough. So Erica, I hate to break the news to you sweet art, but before you start squeezing your colastomy bag too tight, don't get all bent out of shape because I didn't come here like on a wing and a prayer begging on my knees for a job. They heard me to come here and do the Neo Roder show. Absolutely not a sports show because sports, I know this may come as a real shock to you sweet heart. But it only appeals like on a steady diet of it to a very narrow number of people out there to a narrow segment, especially in this town, which is basically as far as sport and most of the things concerned for running phones, Erica, but have a nice life sweetheart. But at any rate, you know, see, I did hear early in the end of the year. In fact, we were still in here. I was in this room and heard another one of the emotional cripples. You know, for all these macho, including the women out there, these dikes who are big in the sports, all these macho people that would allegedly are listening to the station. We got more emotional cripples. It's terrifying to me. First it's the language. Oh, it's so cold. And you're so disgusting. Oh, yeah, they're offended. They can't turn it off and they're still listening right now. They're not going to be a damn one of them, but they're offended. That's number one. And number two, this emotional cripple that calls yesterday, and managed was going on about he's been out of town and who's Neil Ben Ripen and what has he been saying? And the guy calls it, well, you know, he references Diana. I thought this guy was going to break into tears. And managed have all I can easily understand that, especially with the, you know, the selling tickets to go see her grave site and stuff. And the guy said, yeah, but she did a lot for the poor. I mean, doesn't, I know you don't want to think about this folks. It is a downer. Really early in the morning. We try to have a few laughs here, but I do try to force some people to take a look at reality. Did not for too long because it's an ugly thing. And then just let's go back and have a few, or yeah, but it doesn't. But I mean, doesn't it terrify you that there are so many people with that same idiotic mentality? She did a lot for the poor mother Teresa for whom I had no love to say the very best, but nevertheless, that wrinkled up old prune bitch, never the less mother Teresa, allegedly devoted her entire adult life into helping the poor, the downtrodden, the needy, the desperate, the disease, the what and mother Teresa died the same weekend as Diana, a couple of days later as a matter of fact. All wrinkled up in the shrivel up about 3 feet tall over there in India with all the slippers, the slippers and the lepers. And how much time did she get? Are they paying to go see mother Teresa's grave if she's got one if they didn't just burn the thing and put it in the throw it in the sea somewhere? Nobody gave a fine crap about mother Teresa. Because she was a wrinkled up old bag who wasn't full amriser. Huh? She wasn't a snappy dresser. And guess what? She wasn't being followed by the paparazzi. Either she wasn't, you never saw mother Teresa on a front of the tabloids. The inquire and the globe, the tatler and the star never had no big inside scoop on mother Teresa. There were no naked pictures of mother Teresa on a yacht somewhere, sailing with some big Greek or Arab maggot as in the case of a restottle on asses, or this dooby dooby, whatever his name was, I mean, get serious already. Maybe they were doing a few dooby dooby's on the yacht. Maybe that was the problem or not enough. Is the case maybe? Although he was in a much more exotic things that Arab bastard. But at any rate, I mean, is it difficult for you to understand that Diana, Princess of nothing, was basically nothing and all of these wonderful charitable things that she did. Were scheduled for her. Do you think that Diana really had a great social conscience about landbinds? Do you think that she was really very concerned about all the innocent kids and people who are going to get killed by landbinds? Because the world is a slaughterhouse? She auctioned off her dresses. Right. She's just like that spick over their adoption and it's a sell them off all the furniture from that houseboat. Well, he's talking about them. How do you know that? You're right. You're right. Of course he is. So what's wrong with that? It's America's free enterprise. It's just like you'll do shit. By the way, great column. And I never read the hero, but it happened to be sitting outside. I came in here really this morning. Carl Heisen for whom I have the lowest regard, by the way, so overrated with all of his alligator stories. But has a great column about the immigration priorities are worked. And right next to it was a big thing. Red carpet for Duke, Duche, a sore point. So they're finally starting to get the message that this whole thing. And it ties in with what I said about this this this ideorization of mediocre and even people who aren't even mediocre. People who are less than mediocre. Who would you do to learn for the poor? Okay. So does that mean that they had it? I can understand the British and have no problem at all understanding that they've always been very silly people. And they continue to be the silliest people who are desperately locked into this archaic monarchy crap. They can't escape from it. They're in a trap. No matter how much they would like to escape from it. So she at least represented them and almost human part of that monarchy. She was almost somebody they could like, oh, here's a real person. But for the rest of the world, including this idiot that called Mad Dog yesterday, to get all all his issues with it so much for the poor and he's rip it. I wasn't rip it around rip it in the people that are getting all been out of shape like he was. So gives a flying crap about Diana. Even Robert Duval and network wasn't in such a big hurry to talk to your customers. I'll get back to you, Diana. He wasn't in no big hurry to talk to that bitch. When are you people going to get with it? Oh, Bruce, we're going to be a sports show. Can we hear a little more about you? You come. Yeah, I got some sports stuff to talk about. It's called the big choke. I'm going to be a little bit stronger than the boy over here. Keep your screen. I know. Yes sir. I was cooking my breakfast. Hey, I'm looking for a seat. Hey, you know, this princess Diana thing? Yeah. You know, people are so simple. They can't even have a job. What did she supposed to do? Why she never stole a freight train. I bet you she had somebody do this for the morning. I mean, I mean, I mean, she did. You're looking at her. She just did something believable. And Mother Teresa, you look at, you look at all the stuff she's done through a whole life. Well, supposedly, but I mean, I just used that as an example because she Croaked the same weekend and, you know, they give her 20 seconds. Every couple of hours just as lip service. Because nobody cared about that. This business. Oh, well, she did all these good things. There are many thousands, maybe millions of people around the world who do far better things than Diana ever dreamed of doing. And nobody ever hears of them. No matter how and when they die, they die. There won't be any parades. There won't be any gigantic ceremony. There won't be anything on CNN or MSNBC or CNBC or any other guy at the place of the BBC because it's a pile of horsecraft. And for the American public or anybody else outside of England to get all wrapped up and head and get all weepie and emotional, there must be something raw. There is not must be. There is something desperately wrong with the public. I mean, talk about having too much idle time on your hands. Well, you said it better than I could. Have a great day. I agree. How is it possible for there to be so many stupid people in this world? We got with the first piece. Your role in the chapter part is the go-seek. We see more in the six. Only on sports radio 560 QAM. This is the new Roger show. This is your buddy. Any questions? Here's no western. Hello? Hello, no? Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm great. Those gypsies and Italy. They're the same ones that come over here and steal our wallets in the mall? No. They're different gypsies. But they look, I don't know. Same family. They're all related. Oh, they are. Yeah, I had one of them try to rent my house once. He pulled up in a Mercedes. He was real smooth walking away. 12 people in the car. He was just buying all my appliances. I got a little nervous. Yeah. Did you see the guy who shot that guy in the parking lot? But did the gyro shot that guy in the parking lot? The security guard. He shot that guy over a parking space. Oh, that happens year all the time. That's not a crazy guy. Yeah. Well, you know, on the news, they were talking to all the people in that shopping center and they all say how this guy was a time bomb. How he was a load. This was going to happen. That's right. They're happy. He's gone. The next day in the Harold, they were talking about this guy. He got the most Christmas gifts. He was loved. There were two different stories with this same thing. Right. Well, it's just like this el Duche story in the same with in the same newspapers where we got all these glowing stories about how wonderful this is and this liberation of this wonderful guy who's been screwed over there because his brother implicated him in this thing about the fleeing the country and yada yada yada yada and got kicked off on national team. And that was going to come here and drink, live the American dream and make all this fun. And then the same paper if you turn later on, you'll read the real story about how what a rip off it is and about how all these other people, Carl Huyeson's got a story in a column today and toward the end he talks about a woman in Cuba that he had met and she's a doctor and she specialized in caring for children and the elderly and she was given by the Cuban government, a salary equivalent of about $5 a month. $5 a month and he makes the point that she under no circumstances, whatever be allowed to be come into this country, never be granted the visa and if she had been one of those eight people who washed up into Bahamas, they would send her ass back there and she might have gone to cash through jail. So these people, it's this idol, it's so frustrating to me because most of these jocks are morn, they're scumbags, they're crap, they're garbage, they're garbage, yeah white feeders and drug addicts and garbage and yet there's these people with this jock mentality, like Tyson and like Michael Irvin and all these other, it makes no difference what they do, the jock mentality people, they still admire them and they subsidize them and a paid to support them, there's something wrong here man, something very, very wrong. In fact, they left one guy behind there that I found the news and he was given to pick an English, he should get in. There you go. Can I call my wife a douchebag? Well, I'm telling you, you're a home and garden network well than douchebag. And I'm almost douchebag, okay, have a great day, pal, I'll be better at you. I'll be a bit air, let's go to a keywester. Oh, yes, Neil. Yes, I'm one of your biggest fans, but why aren't you ripping the assholes on your station? I'm a Phil Henry was much too kind to the ex-jox and Jim Mandage has lost his sense of humor. Jim Mandage is great. Jim Mandage is gone, okay. No, no, he was. No, he was. He's far Jim Mandage is great. Yeah, but he he lost his sense of humor and he's become a surly serbian ethnic cleanser. I think that you should rip all these guys. So you're another one that's going to call it telling me what I should be saying is that it? No, no, but that's what you're doing now. You should rip Manage and you should rip on. I'm going to tell you my opinion is I think Manage is great. You'll find out for yourself. Okay. I'll find what on? What you'll find out that Jim Mandage is lost his sense of humor. Okay, you've become a hurship. You've turned. You've turned. You've turned. That's man. You've turned. You've turned. You've got to ask it out. How do you see in I will. Part I took it. I don't know what a ton of these old guys. They all got hearing aids. Get out of here already. Well, yeah. Man, oh man, go back to New York. I'm telling you that the worst drags they keep giving them a miracle. You know, Julianne. Got nothing to do with Julianne. They got all the drags out in New York and they send them here. That's why the city's a lot better shape now than it used to be. They got all the swill out of there and they sent it down here like this guy. Go back to the Bronx. Okay. Maybe Mickey Mandel will come back from the dead and hit a home run over your head. Get out of here, pal. Get lost. Maybe Lou Garig will come back for one more big one for one more consecutive game. For one more being the luckiest man under the earth. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You. Yes, sir. Thanks for telling the truth about sunny bono. I've been sick to death. All this adulation. He's the first class jerk. His own ex-wife here. Right. Hate him so much. He won't even mention his name. Right. I mean, you know, somebody dies. It's always unfortunate. And especially if it's a celebrity of any kind. I mean, a little more attention. But to carry on and you'll realize this guy like this guy was, oh, he was such a great member of Congress. And he was such a great human being. And of course, such a great pioneer in television and the great singer. This guy was mediocre at best. Well, we ran from there, Palm Springs. He's the one that led the way on cleaning up the spring break stuff. The copy didn't for Lauderdale after him. Right. You know, there were one people out of there. Right. There was one great scene I watched on TV in Southern California where they were actually loading women who were wearing phones because he told the cops to arrest any women in farms out on Palm Canyon, drive in Palm Springs during spring break. Yeah, eight of them were in the crowd. They were loading him into petty wagons. And of course, the guys who already outnumbered the spring break, hard years who already outnumbered the women 3 to 1. They were angry because more of their women were getting taken away and they're going to have to end up getting drugged and doing it with their buddies that night. Yeah. But there's actual police barricades along there. There's a riot situation just about to happen. And funny shows up like Marshall Billion. And he's most knows with this angry guy across the police line right on life TV. And he says, we don't want your kind around here. Don't you get the message and the guy responds, I own this damn hotel and it's your cops who are causing the trouble. Beautiful. And I mean, this is just a picture of the angry, snarling, right wing, Republican crap. Well, I think it's just that he wound up with a bull-back daughter, aren't you? Yeah, you know, she's a really good spokesperson. She is the front person now for the media group that counters stereotypes in the media and he comes out and makes days. There's to be the rear person to not see the front person right. Well, what's so ironic about that is happening? She was that little girl that grew up on TV in front of all of us. That's right. And I mean, now she is a spokesperson just bringing home the fact that eight people are America's sons and daughters. And while in crazy touch, she'll host two. There you go. All right. Have a great day, Frank. Thanks, love that. Yeah, there's a lot of us bags out there. No, not Troy, Eggman. Oh, no, not Steve Young. That's funny. So we've done it. You have aroo disease? I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. Well, like I said, at least you got the Kennedy's out of our hair against God. Almighty, that probably nobody else watches MSNBC. So whenever I bring that up in John Gibson and all those, but John Gibson at least is okay. They got some other people on that network where are so marginal that they're embarrassing at best and they do these real, real, soft, morick interviews. But it's the Kennedy's in John Bene. And the Kennedy's similar, and maybe build somebody for the well, that's over now. that's over now. And just they just take things in a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, even the hammer never hammered him so much. God are they bad. I noticed the incredible response on that Diana business. There is no response, which means that either everybody agrees with what I said. And you know that 99% of the people are listening right now, and everybody else beside got wrapped up in that thing and was just the tears were flowing. And they really believe that this was one of the major events of our time, which it was not. But there is anybody out there who's got the co-homes to want to discuss it, debate it, disagree because it's much easier to call up mad dog mad. It's a, well it was picking up poor Diana and she helped the poor. Yeah. Okay. Here is a pop-in-o. Hello. It came off by time. Yes sir. I'm welcome you back to the reason I was calling. I'll talk with you about Diana. I thought that she was deserving of everything, the funeral all that type of stuff. I can understand your point of view. But at the same time she was deserving of it based on what? I think the British people were a lot of people around will felt sorry for her that they thought that she was a, it was a fairytale marriage. Is everybody thought it was going to be? And then it just wound up that the British high-larky there, decided to freeze her out. She didn't sit in and Charles sheeding on herself like that. People felt sorry for. And as she was so young, and she was going to change the British monarchy and things like that. And you know, anytime somebody on 37, how are you going to change the British monarchy? She was no longer even a part of the, they stripped her of her royal height. She wasn't a part of the royal family anymore. How was she going to change the monarchy? Wow. She was in the 80s and early 90s. Well, she was so married. They were still together. They thought the deal was hoped that they were going to bring the British monarchy to the modern era. I mean, I'm 37, my so people. But the point I'm trying to make you is the British monarchy is such an inequitism that it's embarrassing. And like I said before, the British I can understand and wailing and carrying on, getting all bent out of shape. Because there are a bunch of very silly people anyway who have no concept of what the real world is all about until Germany starts dropping bombs and then they come running for us to bail them out. But other than that, why would the rest of the world care? She was not an important person outside of England. Oh, yeah, I was a great, great person. Mr. Majaki Kennedy died who was the wife of a president, okay, who was married to a rich or oil maggot, okay, oh, NASA's. Did was there any kind of, I mean, was on the news for like 30 seconds, did anybody shed any tears that anybody carry on today? My good man, I'm saying she deserved it. But the point is she was American. Okay, but she was part of American history. Nobody carried on when she croaked. Okay, but let me point this out about Jackie on NASA's. Now this is, I was way too young to remember this, but we she went to France. If I'm not mistaken from what I've seen of the biography shows on Amy or whatever, she went to France in 1962, whatever with the president, the French just fell in love with it. Yes, I know how much you love the French. But the thing was that she was a very charming woman. She was an elegant looking girl and people were taken by that. And that's what happened with Diane. But that's my point. So she just got through Diane and she was not that old. I mean, she wasn't that old bag. She got a cancer or whatever was Jackie Kennedy. There was no anything here. And I'm going to tell you, you aren't old enough. But when when president Kennedy died, when he was assassinated, the ceremony and the things that took place in this country pailed into insignificant. It wasn't even close to what went on with this Diana business. And it's still going on with selling these dolls and pictures and selling tickets to see her where she's buried. I mean, this is this is mass madness. This is how her deal would say. This is insanity. And the only reason that people got caught up with it is because the media, the media was there to spin it convinced them that this is a major event all over the world. Right, we get away from it. When I you mentioned how it would be, what did Howard Bill have? He had a fourth television network. 1962, 1963, when Kennedy died, there were three major American networks. There was no global communications or whatever. Diana, I mean, she traveled to a whole world. And it just, that's how communications is. It's a big difference between 97 and 63. I realize that I mean, I'm not taking her side. I'm not taking your side. But, you know, the thing is that it's the way the world is nowadays. Well, maybe we really believe what you just said. But let me tell you that when when Li Harvi Oswal was shot and killed by Jack Ruby, I saw it live on a Sunday on NBC television. So if you think that the cameras were all there and that the three major networks weren't there, forget about the rest of the world in this country, they all had the technical ability to be there and carry on about it as much as they wanted to. But it was nothing like this. And I'm going to tell you one of the reasons why, because back in the 60s, this whole celebrity business was nowhere like it is today. We didn't have inside edition. We didn't have the all these tabloid newspapers. We had nothing that compares to this obsession, the sickness in the world today. And especially in this country with these celebrities and with athletes, it is a madness. Right. Well, the thing was in the 60s, when the Beatles came about there was the first international celebrities, whether it was athletics or entertainment or whatever, they were the first international celebrities and that opened the door. You absolutely right. And you were talking about an MSMB people. But the Beatles were popular with a bunch of screaming little teenage girls. The Beatles weren't, how about my John Leonard got killed, okay? That, to me, John Leonard was at a finding moment in my generation. All right. But when he got shot and killed in New York, did they carry on for weeks, and did we have a big state funeral in the day? I don't think so. No, but then again Diana. Even when Frick and Elvis croaked on the toilet, okay? Even though we got all those silly women still running at a Graceland, even when the King croaked, there wasn't that Simis going on like this. But then again, Leonard was not in any way shaped before him, part of government. Not that Diana was, but she was recognized as the princess. I'm not trying to tell you anything. Had nothing to do with government ahead to do with his celebrity stand. I know, he's the only thing ahead to do with. You're right about that. In court, with that you should croaked tomorrow, which might not be a bad idea. If she croaked tomorrow, I can assure you that there will be no outpouring of emotion carrying on in Britain or elsewhere, and she was the leader of government. Right. I understand that. And in closing. Yes, sir. It's just a sounds me that MSNBC, which is not, I watch it maybe for the big show half an hour. How they can put I'm a sign in the morning absolutely astounds. I think watching a dead man try to continue doing his career. You think by now he would have made enough money. He would go off in the, you know, another heart transplant or something and live the rest of his life. But this guy, it's very sad to me because I was a huge MSNBC and he was a very funny guy. Right. Up until he took his absence in the 70s. He came back and he went downhill from there. I remember what the nine was in the early 70s. But NBC itself, I mean, you see it. They have date line NBC on every night. And then they have an MSNBC time to get in the rear one day. Oh, and they got basically they got three. They've got some other spin offs to but they got CNBC. They got MSNBC in the regular MSBC. So they got all this time. They called the AC. They called the AC. Oh, they have that too. Yeah. Because they have their impact. We got maybe my GE stock will go up. Oh, God. And that's all they do. It's like, what we do about John B. They ran. What could we do about O.J. Over and over and over and over and over and over and over. All right. Thank you. Yeah. MSNBC could be very enjoyable and could be really great. But it's not. Now, nobody is gone. And share lives on. But he's kept going back to all the time. For you, I'm shaking to that suicide. I guess I'm so controlled. Match my head. You cracked your head. What open's now your day? Sounds like it's gone. And share lives on. A tree got in your way and smash your brain. So I like this gate. It was too big way to die. Now, somebody's gone. Share lives on. Now, somebody's gone. Yeah, share lives on.