So what'd be more important for worker homework? 4 3 0 5 6 VW 2 AM my amy for Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil Call 5 6 7 0 5 6 V told free for David Broward or pound 5 6 beyond your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest-polar's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM The views we read acquisition or the views we've read test proof. Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5 6 V 2 AM Filming Cole. Oh, yeah, it's a bit of a big thing. Because you know, it's a bit of a three-month fold. You know, it's an annoying thing. It was a really high-gonna food that I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You know. I don't know. You know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't. I don't know. So that's our poll question today. What's more important? The homework or food work? So what are we going to do about this murdering son of a bitch. That's our real question, huh? What are we going to do? We've got OJ disease and it just won't go away. Every time you think you even breathe and mentioned his name for the last possible time. There he is just sticking his pussy in your face again. Over and over and over again. I'm sure that some of you have seen on Channel 7 news 648 times since last night. The OJ tapes the latest the saga and the song going debacle and of course here in a heraldest morning. See being in Broward County. I thought maybe the hero was a kind of a little slack here. Because here's the story right there on the front page. OJ calls 911 about his new girlfriend. Police find no sound and trouble. It's on the front page of the front section and inside where it's continued on page 9 a. They've cropped a picture in black and white of course. So there's a piggo Guerrero and OJ and his new girlfriend. It's Christie Prodie. White. And they're the three of them. And of course you don't see what's his name on the road or the dearly departed Sam on left. You see him. But in the dead County section not only now that got at least they didn't put it on the front page of the front section. But on the front page of section B as in bastard. As in bitch. As in bull crap. On a front page of section B metro Miami the dead County section. Here's exactly the same story that appears on the front page of the front section. Broward word for word. But with a big headline splashed across the top of it. OJ has new girlfriend trouble and they're in full color. In full color for the first time. There's the famous picture. There's the evidence. Happy group only last month. OJ Simpson 52 and girlfriend Christie Prodie 26 seem to enjoy a night out of the Aster on South Beach with San Duquet far left. Pedro Guerrero and Roy Foster far right. Full color as the embarrassment here never ever ends. It's like one of those things where you like. It's like a bolder rolling down a mountain. It's like a snowball. That starts at the top of a guy named Avalanche and just keeps rolling down hella getting bigger and bigger and bigger until it's just a nightmare. The whole guy Dan Moore was going to collapse from the weight of it. And that's how this thing is here. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah. Yeah. If you just stop talking about it. Yeah right. Oh that's right. I forgot Todd Drec is probably saying I'm talking about this because I got nothing else to talk about. Like I knew while I'm sitting there innocently watching that slug fast last night between Boston and Cleveland watching the ballgate. Like I had a pre-medition that they'd have an OJ story on channel 7 and not only would it be on it. Well they had the guy damn 911 tape on their plane of their every five minutes. But I also knew that the pictures would be in the newspaper. They included a wonderful color again from the Aster. Even the meeting had a looys in the Bronx and Godfather won. Pills and win significance. Even Michael Crolley only would agree with that. Pills and win significance compared with this dinner at the Aster. And this picture going along with it. And by the way, this is now worldwide. Fox News had this on about the QAM embarrassment. Howard was talking about it yesterday morning. It was on the New York Post gossip thing that they pulled out of the Sun Sentinel gossip thing from Josie Lambe. So all over the world, WQAM is a shamed and embarrassed and humiliated and rightfully so of course we finally got our AC working which by the way speaking of AC not that AC speaking of our air conditioning. It went out Sunday night at six o'clock. Did anybody hear bother doing anything about that in the interim? No. I'm sorry. No. Thank you. So that at least until when I left here to I have what time did they finally get the you get on here yesterday or what? What time did they finally get the AC 50 yesterday? Well, I don't know. Oh, there you go. So God only knows but they weren't any big hurry to take care of it because I might have caused them some money. And our office phones here by the way, the internal phones that we can speak to the outside. Well, they don't work again today. So Georgia can't get his voice mail. And so we're having to make calls out on a bat line to try to find out about our center one stuff which all of course ties in. Dollars OJP thing. I mean, don't we have another other troubles down here at his town? Oh, I have another other problems with that. I mean, why couldn't you have picked a view Iowa? Why couldn't you have picked a Syracuse to New York? Why couldn't you have picked up Solanti Michigan? There's so many other places this man could have picked. And he picks us to invest with his rotting, festering crap with his lies with his bull crap with his cocaine with his murdering ways with his sickness with his OJ disease. And of course we already had it. We are in this building was already infected. You know what I mean? Roll. I think you do. Yeah. And others already infected with OJ disease. But now the entire community is infected with it. My favorite line in a story by the way I find very revealing. Well, I'll just read the first two paragraphs for anybody who may have missed it all or really doubt that any. I just can't imagine anybody could have missed it today. A breathless OJ Simpson called Mimey Dates 911 Hotline Sunday evening for help saying former, former Los Angeles Dodgers star Pedro Guerrero had taken Simpsons 26 year old drill for in Christy Prote long in a two-day drug binge. Simpsons 52 called Police from Prote's Townhouse in West Kendall around 16th PM while the couple was arguing. Sound familiar? Ah. 911 calls while the couple was arguing. Ah. How do you like that? What's your old saying? You can take the violence out of the boy or how's that go? You can take the boy out of Brentwood, but you can't take the Emeritus ways out of that old adage go. Something like that. Just have the strange feeling that we're going to see it's going to be like deja vu all over again. I could be wrong and for her sake I hope so, but it's just something that really smells wrong. I think the whole thing's got a bad nose problem to it. If you catch my drift. What a picture here. Full color. We ought to save this for our crap books. You know what? Sand duke that we're still suffering fall out. We're trying desperately to put the pieces of our set of one campaign back together again. I've got some bad news about pizza off by the way that we're going to have to postpone. Thanks so much for your great assistance on that sand. But of course you were too busy putting together that great golf tournament. Making all those arrangements to bring this murder we're in here and causes all of this international disgrace and embarrassment. Thank you so much. For what we hope will be your parting shot. And Pedro Guerrero, who just a couple of days after this picture appeared for the first time in a year, just a couple of days later got arrested in that drag bug, a drag bust. And in the meantime, what's going on here? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, time Greg still trying to find out what work can find a silly putty to fill out hole in his head. Nine minutes after ten at five, 60 WQAM, your OJ station bed. Right? Where you're? OJ sickness station for the 90s. It's the only station in America that's got official OJ disease. Anybody else inclined to have it, but we had it long before this latest crap started. We got it. We're not to a problem, but we got it. Do you call me? I'd be right for this. I'd be right for this. And even that sound this late because I have my nose inside OJ's ass. Correct. What do you do? I'm going to get that microphone down a little bit more than I should. You got to be it. OJ disease on the record though the chronic job method. He's eating so much he'd be better in two words as rap people. If the call fees are young, these are your folks that need how I played a girlfriend. I'm an enduroble. They need to both do the down and benefit with spones, young. That my close and person in the face will change. It's so much that it could be more well-being than OJ. I don't know what you're supposed to do. You'll be taking it me. Don't take it. Get out of the way. We're going to put party. Don't work that your head. I kind of know. I've never told you that OJ disease could influence in that decision. 1015 at 560 WQM your OJ sick station for the 90s. Simpson 52 called police from Prode East Town House in West Kendall around 1615 PM while the couple was arguing. It says on the 911 tape the former prophet Paul Star said they dispute the game when he learned about the drug use and try to intervene. Said Simpson we have a problem here. I'm trying to get a girl to go to rehab for doing drugs for two days with Pedro Guerrero who just got arrested for cocaine and I'm trying to get it to leave the house for rehab. Of course, isn't this the guy that took her to dinner with the assures that didn't that picture with Pedro Guerrero? I'm just okay. Guerrero was charged with cocaine conspiracy Miami federal court October 1. During an enforcement administration agent picked him up at his derail home on 103rd court and accused him of bringing to put up the money for a nephew to buy 15 kilos of coke. He posted $100,000 bail bond pending trial. No one returned to call the Guerrero's home on the night. The 911 dispatcher after anyone was in need of immediate help. Simpson said no, it was transferred to the non emergency line. As the tape continues to run he is heard to say to someone apparently, I want you to call a police. He remains on hold for several seconds when the new dispatcher reaches him he says, well, she's left and I don't know what to do about it. I'm frustrated. Pedro Guerrero just got arrested for having 15 kilos of cocaine and this girl spent the last two days doing drugs with him. Me and a friend just came over and said, you are going to rehab. She got mad. She's loaded out of her mind in an or Mustang driving around town somewhere Simpson went on. She needs to be stopped. He then tells the dispatcher, okay, thank you. I got to go and see if I can find her. And maybe you'll find a cold smurder at the same time. You know, just by coincidence, he ain't gonna have a much luck on a golf course finding him. After Simpson hung up, two hammocks district patrol officers went to protest townhouse in the crossing area. They found only Simpson there. For the police report, he listed as address the same as Protees. According to the reports Simpson said he told Protee who was going to take her to the hospital for treatment, she responded that she would call the police if he didn't leave. The officer's finding no sign of her crime gave Simpson a domestic violence information brochure and left. How do you like that, huh? They gave him a domestic violence information brochure and they left. And a set of hints in my plan. He probably already had one of those pamphlets. One day, two get that was in California. This is different. Monday, two detectives from the Miami-Dade Police domestic crimes bureau went back to Protees home about 10-50 in the morning, said detective one Delkestio a spokesman, after several minutes she answered the door. She explained that she was fine, and that there was no problem made domestic nature delkestio said she showed those signs of injury or impairment. Protees, white Mustang convertible of California tags, was still parked in a reserved spot in the afternoon, but no one answered her door. Her phone had apparently been taken off the hook. Neighbors said Protee had moved from California a little more than a month ago. She led his by herself said a neighborhood declined to give his name. She's a very nice woman. She looks like Nicole. In 1995, Simpson was acquitted an a criminal trial for the murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ron Goldman. He was later found liable for their death in a civil trial. He said he's looking to move from California to South Florida. Oh, and his been seen here often recently, how son of in Coco Plum and partying in Miami Beach, sometimes with Protee and Guerrero. He'll Roger Scott. In an interview with WN, now here comes the best part. After all of this stuff which is on tape, which they're playing the tape over and over again, okay? It's like Nixon with the tape. You can't change the tape and there's no gap on this one. In an interview with WSDN channel 7 Monday afternoon, Simpson said, there was a disturbance that I thought they should know about. It had nothing to do with me, nothing to do with my girlfriend. He added with a laugh. So don't go there. End of story. How do you like that? Can somebody explain that to me? Don't you find a little bit of a contradiction there? His girlfriend just did two days in drugs with Pedro Guerrero, who just got arrested for doing 50 for a son of 15 kilos of coke. And he's trying to get it going to drug rehab, and she's refusing it. And somebody's got to get a hold of this bitch. I mean, it's a nice girl. And then the next day it's like, oh, it had nothing to do with me or her. It was like some somebody else. The dog done it. The dog was doing coke. The dog had a bad nose problem. So don't even go there. Heavy, heavy, heavy, duty. Where does that ever stop? I don't think it does. I don't think it does. And there's that picture. I'm looking at this on the front of the Metro Miami section and you've got to come to the aid counting by the Miami, I hear all the bade, oh, it's worth it. Drive just over the county line and get to date virgin. Because there it is in full color and all of it's splendor at the aster. The most infamous picture and of course the obvious question is which one is the biggest do Spagging at picture. There's Sam, Pete, look at where all the alleged coke dealer. The murderer in the middle. There's Christine, the alleged whatever she is. And there's what's his name on the right. You don't even know all about him. 560, 505, 60, pound, 50 on the AT&T, wireless line. Maybe somebody in this audience is a lot smarter than I am, as they can explain to the script. You let's nip this in the butt. Okay, before we have another OJ problem. Let's nip it in the butt right now. I'm explained to me the apparent discrepancy in the first part of his 911 call to the police and then his comments to channel 7 news about well it wasn't about me and it wasn't about her and don't even go there etc. and so on. And I never stole a freight rent and certainly didn't kill nobody and wouldn't wear those OJ issues. Wasn't an amazing that they phoned it up. Was it 785 different pictures? I must have taken a lot of air brushing to phoning up that many pictures and that many up periodicals and magazines and newspapers and all over the goddamn world with him for those OJs Bruno Molli shoes on and by the way he said don't call me Molli. 560, 505, 60, pound, 5060 on the AT&T line. Here's Liberty City. Hello. Morning, guys. Yes sir. I got a question. I got a comment about the OJ thing. Yes sir. First of all, I thought that you were going to talk about the disc with Wisher Beast thing that he had five years ago. He said that you were handling the OJ and I don't want to win. He said what? That you were going to handle the OJ. You know, if you have a beef with anything called a station and you talk about your beef. No. You're not having that to Joe Lye. Yeah, Joe Lye. Okay. No. Joe Lye when he said, but he lied and really lied but he's he's almost lying because he knows them well at Dan Maria when Jimmy Johnson hated each other like poison because he and Danny are joined at the hip. I think Joe and Danny are tighter than Danny is wife but nevertheless he just, you know, it's almost like lying by not singing it on the ear. Why is he withholding the information and why do I have to be the one to seven? Never let's go ahead. Okay, Daniel. Who's ever felt the flat together? If I don't do Joe, I'm not going to hang with anybody that does it. Okay. So, now I think you're close to you. Are you saying that birds of a feather snort together? What I'm saying that okay, if I be the murderer, I'm black and I'm not told you this but if I see someone and I think you're wrong and you got to wait money talk so you know money buys probably everything. Tony Martin should be gone. That's the case but that's another story. That's another horse of a different color. Okay, but what I'm saying is that OJ jumps in, they're got him in Cocoa Plop because of the traffic and the company he keeps, you know, they don't want that kind of traffic in the area. Remember because they don't want murderers living there? That's how old J. He's on the trip so he keeps clean. He cleans this lady by calling the police. Cocaine is a hallucinated drug. He's a hallucinated, it makes you pressure to go up and have you tripping and it also makes you, how can I put this on speed? I'm trying to say it's so much the one time. Okay, the make a slow story. You know, in our kitchen, what did that what you're trying to say? OJ, you know, makes you freak to take the nature. He was tripping. She was tripping. He cleared his name before I got in his brother because. Oh, yeah. Yeah. But, but, uh, that one line though, I find very troubling and said the 911 call. He said, it said he called police while the cover was arguing. Doesn't that sound familiar? Okay, he's he just, I don't know. I guess he, uh, he said we'll see at the conversation. Yeah, maybe you may have to trace that call. I think OJ got to fall. Uh oh, look got. He said birds of a feather stored together and they're having a bird snorting good times what he said. Something like that and he said also if you do not have coke, it makes you very, very, in our taken. Oh, man. And makes you sound like you got like a thick tongue. Oh, man. Here's a mobile and Wellington. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? I'm doing good. I was listening to the hand yesterday. He made a great point. I thought you'd bring it up the spoons you got on the air. I didn't hear it. How about Columbo bush was not even charged with a crime, but yeah, they want charged work with a felony. Well, that's it. That was not a original bit of somebody we had two people call him say that yesterday. I forget who was the one that made that point. I mean, I don't want to take anything away from Hank, but that the several people said that. Oh, okay. All right. And then like I'll say the same thing I said yesterday, I mean, she's got better connections in tele-hassy than Peter's God. Okay. I haven't go on. And what's wrong? We're getting to this come. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Okay. Much to do about nothing. Let me say it again. It was wrong. It was illegal. It was bad. But I mean, Jesus Christ in the overall picture of things. Maybe this guy ought to get like, you know, two highzmons. Oh, Julia, rip off a kick. Come on. Give me a break. He wants to be a snappy dresser. He's going to be a big superstar. He wants to look good. He wants to dress good. Maybe if dealers were smart, they making the goddamn poster child. They're having a tough time getting anybody in their goddamn stores. Maybe Peter wore the goddamn poster child. He likes our stuff so much. He come in and the work the specialness got just so we could walk around in our village stuff. And that Tommy Hill forker. Whatever that is. I guess you don't realize that most people were Tommy Hill forker are. Facts. I guess nobody told him that. I shouldn't have said that. Okay. I let the can out of the bag. I'm sorry. Because beyond the shadow of a doubt, if you do where Tommy Hill figure stuff, you're a better not chip. Kill Nicole. The open fish. The rolling deck beneath your feet. Sweating, muscular man packed in cramped sleeping quarters. It's the new name. Thatting you reach deep to where you had never been before. Just a bath. It's heaven on earth. The new name. Call your recruiter today. Don't ask them. No. It's more than a job. It's an adventure. 1035-60 WKM got Hank and Cool City. They took a flock of books here from 6 to 7. A path is at Montreal and I play those anxious Canadians at 7 o'clock. So anyway, this story just I just keep scratching my head. I'm going to start having a whole little like word Greg's going. I just keep wondering over and over again. Because it just sounds like deja vu. Well over again, the couple was arguing. He's on a phone call the 911. Have we heard this all before? She even the one calling. Well, but they were a series of 911 calls. You just think about that one particular one. Were he was knocking the door down? That goes well. Yeah. They're the only one. There were a whole bunch of them over a period of time. So maybe this is just the first and a whole series. But of course, the people at Channel 7 are going to be a whole bunch of people. We can only pray and hope for that. Here's Candle, humblevoji. Hello. Well speaking about that, don't you know that Channel 7 is getting all the file footage ready just in case. Right. Of course. So if I had that, when is your station going to fire away, Foster's house? You're asking me? No, I'm asking. I haven't got any idea. Did Sam think you're going to do anything to Roy Foster? Are you kidding me? Are they that stupid? I mean, I cannot believe that they could be that they could be that stupid. I can have any idea who's they could picture. He's got in this joint. But obviously he must have something holding over somebody said because he's still here. It's famed that famed to take it fire. He's suspended as the last we heard. No, we have a feeling he won't be coming back any time soon. 30 or 40 years? Hopefully. Well, I have Gregory and the beast leaves a happy and joy to motor ride to your family. You know something big and that's holy for real. Well, bliviest there. They're in budget meetings again today. And all the care about is give us the guy. They're money. They don't care. Our phone system up here, our business like I said before, we can't communicate with the outside world. We can't get any information on all the center. Once we're just here in a vacuum, you know, and they're in budget meetings. They're in bliviest. They're all going to be. Any other sponsors dropped off the station because of the, because of Foster and the O.J. And they've right. There's not to worry about losing it any of his accounts because you never ever have it. Right. That's right. Oh, correct. So what do they claim? Huh? So what do they claim? Why do they have it? I think it takes it out and trade. Have a great day, sir. There's a right Foster fan. Roy. Five six seven. Oh, five 60. I mean, I'm, you know, I'm not trying to be flip or light about these things. Am I? I mean, if I had an answer, I can't speak for management. God, I would be the last thing I would try to do is speak for these people. They're in budget meetings today. We only got 175 different guy than crisis going on at the same time. And nobody gives her what it says. Nobody cares. They're busy doing more important stuff. They're busy trying to figure out how to get more spots on a year. So they can pay John Henry. $585,000 a month to the sports rights. To these bogus ball games we got here on this radio station, which like I told you, I've been telling you over and over again. And I'm the only one on this station will tell you it's strangling this place. All right, said the same thing a couple of weeks ago. That's why we got to have 13 in a break on his show so we can pay Wayne and John Henry. $5,6705,680, pound $560 on the AT&T line. You people down there in Kendall. You ought to be very excited now. No one at this is his home address. The hammocks in West Kendall. You got a new neighbor. See, the reason I moved out of Kendall years ago is because the scumbags were starting to move in. So what's, you know, what's one more? Here's Kendall. Hello. Any else? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I'm kind of new still to the hockey scene and I've been watching the panthers last couple years. And I know a big part of this season relies on the health of Pavellbury, but no, the whole season. The whole season. Do you see the team overall? I know Buries a big part of it. But do you see the overall team as being better this year than last year? I'm going to hang up and listen. Thanks. Okay. Yeah, I would say that marginally they're a little bit better. I mean, they're not that many changes to be honest with you. The Todd Simpson is an improvement on defense, but there aren't not that many changes. The team will be better this year. Buries days stay healthy. That would be the difference having a whole year of him healthy. Other than that, there aren't that many changes. Gold tennings a little bit better. They got rid of Captain God your Kirk. 560, 560, 560, 560. I don't want to talk too much hockey day. Okay, after at least lots of national last night. One of the most embarrassing games in the history of Toronto. Whole city is probably in mourning today. Asco on Pat, here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, is that me? That's you. Okay. Hey, forget what happened before to OJ. But how could they? How could they personally give him the children with a kind of junky run Swift? Yeah. Could you believe that? It's hard to believe, isn't it? It's hard to put those two kids in a custody of a murdering son of a bitch who's allegedly involved with all these coke people and they're trying to look what he runs with. Maybe they wanted a kids store to play golf good. It's something like that. Yeah, I guess that's about it. I just can't believe the government. I can't believe it. It's a game in the children. It's terrifying. Yeah. Okay, I'll just go about more than anything. What's even more terrifying is that he's going to be living here with us? Yeah, I could do the leave that will need some here. Exactly. Okay. Have a great day, sweetheart. The buying me all. I'm happy for him. Okay. Well, she sounds a little bit depressed and of course why shouldn't we be depressed like I said before we got enough swill. We got enough other problems. We got this most van band thing going on. That's same old tired one note a bunch of crazy people. And by the way, thanks to the young man who called yesterday with a channel 51 exclusive about Willie Turino. Not that anybody's really care about Willie Turino, but thank you very much because it's in the paper today. And you were right on target. Of course, there obviously are some people in this town. The same old hysterical people that were out there at the arena acting like barbarians on the Saturday night. They care. Most of us don't even know who the hell Willie Turino is nor do we want to know. Believe me. Although based based on what I'm hearing, this is just a rumor, but one thing I heard about Willie Turino. You can't think for a sh** of beside that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I was going to New York. Okay. Well, the bottom line is that the same thing is going to handle towards the audience. He's going to handle telling this person too because obviously, he's going to create you ready. You know what I think? No, what do you say? Okay. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Good topics. One life one death. Congratulations on your new neighbor by the way. Yeah. I was so kidding. Atkins. Try glucorides. Yes. They go down. Yes. Oh, dramatically. Well, for some people, I went to first when I did atkins religiously for two months, 300 down to 66. Is there a critical time in the first couple weeks where you're converting your body to a chaotic state, I guess, and everything is high or what's the story with that? What did you buy that? Well, like in the first two weeks, I'm assuming your body is adjusting to the change over to the Atkins approach and so you're feeding yourself all the stretch and curious. What do you mean your feeding yourself all this Dreck? What does that mean? Well, what's wrecked you eat on the Atkins diet? You know, the red meat is not wrecked. Well, you're eliminating the direct to be fine carbohydrates. Yeah. I understand. By getting rid of the carbs and all that stuff that's feeding yourself is the stuff that you're supposed to have on Atkins. And those first couple weeks is that transition is taking place. Are your levels of H.D.L.L.B.L. or track listerides, climbing until they get a point where they then go down. I have no idea because I never had it measured within two weeks. I think two weeks is too short of a period of time to ever have to blood test it. It's insignificant. When would you recommend the first blood test? Well, I'm not a doctor. Doctors got a recommend that I'm not going to go on a year here and be responsible like Oprah that had this crazy hellers on again yesterday with that reward meal. You know, these people I want to kill are reviewers. I'm not going to do that. You've got to talk to a doctor about that. But certainly a few weeks a month, something like that a couple of months. Yes, logical. That's like, why do you come up with that? If you had your, did you try the Atkins and your blood lipids went up? No, no. I'm just, I started it. I happen to be a cardiac patient. So I want to, you know, make sure that I'm not stepping in, do do. I'm my way into this. Of your cardiac patient, you're crawling and asking me on the radio. I mean, what kind of a doctor have you got? Well, no, I'm just, you know, I'm curious. Maybe you didn't really have a problem with it. Right. You know, I didn't, I didn't get something. You could ask him when you should be taken, then, did you take blood, how what is your cholesterol now? My cholesterol now is in the 140. 140? Yeah, 146. What's wrong with that? Nothing. But that's on. What about your triglyceride? That's on what the, I didn't get my triglycerides. I don't recall what they are. Your cholesterol is 146. You're conventional over here? Well, that's, it's on a, it's on a med. Now, the one nice thing is my sugar went down. Yeah, of course. That's a great thing. That's what that can does. I was having a new day sugar in the 130s and now it's like 97. Right. So I'm like, throw them up. They sugar in the 130s is not there's nothing wrong with that either. But it would, but if you were diabetic like I am a dad, sugar with, well, then that's great. Do the thing now. Just keep it up. Don't make excuses to get off it. Now, deaf. Yeah. Uh, is, is OJ's, is he shocking up with the girlfriend here in Kendall? Or is he just visiting her? Is he physically living here? He's hanging out with her. So what do you think? You think they're sitting there while looking at pictures in the call? Of course, he shocked up with her. Does he have physical custody of his kids? Are they living with him? You know, they're not here. They're back in California. But of course, he has custody of his kids. All right. Looks like a paparazzi opportunity. Okay. Have a good luck. Thank you. Okay. Scott got 146 cholesterol. He's the worried about it. Oh, no. It's a good segue because if don't talk about our center one CD. It sounds like the original center one CD's like a delicate compression on there in all screw down. I have no idea. I guess operator error might be the problem there. But of course, we haven't had an operator putting anything in here in a very long time anyway. So, you know, but at any rate, it's 14 before 11 at 5.60 Q a.m. But she's got a great answer. Nevertheless, let me just tell you about this set of one thing. More bad news. Not bad enough that OJ is down. They're talking to 911 and doing all these bizarre things. And that picture is in the paper again this morning. And all over the place. In full color. But. So we were supposed to like have our second appearance for center one. It pizza law next to the two day. We from the 90s matter of fact, six day PM is that going to happen. Oh, no. And the reason being that, you know, some people were right. You know, when they have these rush jobs and they're going to try to get the and believe me, the new CDs, the new and improved best in the online United will sound great. Because we listen to the master and the new sound fantastic. Don't have the compression like the bid I just played a sound sensational. But. Because it's a rush job and you got to have them packaged and do this and stuff them in a cases and all that. It's going to take like an extra there too. And so it's unlikely that it would be ready. So why take the chance for another debacle and other disaster? Do I want to do that? No, I don't think so. Not after all that this guy damn radio station is put us through with this campaign this year. It's unbelievable. The OJ thing is only just a small part of it. That great golf tournament. That great golf tournament. Oh, yeah, that was good. But at any rate. So we're going to push it back a week till Tuesday, October 26th with somebody better tell Pony tale about that and Brian and whoever else is involved in this thing. And as far as those buttons are concerned, you know, the ones that had the sound effects like. Oh, that could start on them. Which we're going to be a peddling percent of one this year. Those will be, I see. We can't get any information because we can't communicate with the outside world. So we don't have them exactly at the moment and we will have them any day, but will they be expect do we know will it be I I know nothing. What are our response care about that? On the highway on a hotline. On the hotline. On the hotline. The facts and that's not confirmed yet, but she doesn't foresee a problem getting them in this but it's not confirmed yet. That's the. The problem here's here's the problem. Here's what bothers me a lot. Unlike previous years, I'm going on a year. See, I hate to break the news to anybody who hasn't figured it out yet. This is the new Roger show. Okay. This isn't the Carol show. This isn't the the anybody. This isn't the new Roger show. It's the best in the LCD. I've got my name on this. I'm the one that's on here promoting this. I'm the one that's trying to raise the money for a good cause. And I'm the one that's trying to explain to the guy. They're all the answer. I got out there. What's going on? Who's on first? It's that are when so on. And like the pilot with the blindfold over his eyes. I'm flying blind here. Maybe this that's you know like that song. Maybe you're right and maybe I don't know. But let's see. That's not a satisfactory answer. Carol. That's not a satisfactory answer. Call us when we have something firm to tell the audience. Something absolute positive written in stone. Then I'll go on a year and say as opposed to one more time since our credibility on this whole thing is rapidly diminishing. Especially when Greg Reed goes in the press and now all over the world is quoted as saying all while some of it went to OGA related expenses were tried to sort this mess out. Oh That's a great confidence booster for people who want to get involved in any charity related with WQIM. Sure. I mean email. Sure instead of that statement he might as well adjust said. Yeah. That it would have been a lot more intelligent. It would have been right to the point it would have reflected his mentality. It would have been perfect coming from him. Yeah. What that could have we I would have been glad to come in here play that over the phone. Whoever he was speaking. But instead he comes up with a bone head comment like that. Some of it went to OGA related expenses. Some of the money that was raised at that infamous anxious golf term that we didn't want to think we do it in the first place. But the quote ourselves manager she says to me, oh hooking control Roy. Hooking control Roy. And I said the world doesn't he work for you. Are you the sales manager? Is there a general manager? Is there somebody writing the shiver? And she went. Just like that. So all I can tell you is the pizza law has been postponed a week till Tuesday, October 26th, 6th, 8pm. Push back a week by which time we'll have the new and improved great shouting CDs. And if you have one of the ones that you bought it specs previously, bring it on by. We'll swap it for you. Or if you don't. I mean we don't have to, you know we're not going to force people to come all the way to pizza law. If they can't or they don't want to or whatever. And as soon as the new ones are available to us, and you know we'll find some other way. In fact the folks have already agreed that we'll pay the postage if you want to swap them by mail. We'll pay the postage to do that because we know expecting to have to do it. Because you know gave your donation and you bought these things in good faith. Expectingly what sound good as opposed to sounding like like crap like that. So here I am again trying to like you know do a little tap dance, try and pass along information and can't really do it because I'm not getting any information that is. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, Neil I love you. Show. Of course. Hey, of course. Hey, listen. I thought. Oh, actually yes. Six, seven months ago I was out in the grove and I saw O.J. Simpson. And I was just amazed. I can't make stupid girls were like going up to him, trying to meet him thinking he's a big ol' celebrity. He's an anti-Christ and people don't get that and I'm just like he's a scumbag. He's a little bit of a little bit of a subhuman form of scumb that I can imagine. People are so incredibly stupid and they buy into what the media says and they don't realize. And you know something else often is often subject. You know we hit six billion people in this world as of today. Like a six billion baby was born in Bosnia. And the Catholic church man still goes around you know anti-abortion, anti-women, anti-abortion being taught me it's ridiculous. Creating a little bit of weight. That's what the Catholic church does best. Creating misery everywhere they go. My mom's Catholic, my father's Catholic. I have nothing to do with the Catholic church. Oh, it's disgusting. People need to wake up. Okay, sweetheart. I'll pray for you. Okay. It's a little bit of a lie. Hey, if you hail Mary. Okay, if you hail Mary. Hey, Mary, holy mother of God. Blessed our God. God, my God, my God. And if you're saying enough of them, then maybe the father won't touch you next time, but he probably will anyway if you look good. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18th, the wireless time. See, that's why Jesse Ventura is so appealing to me. Because here's the guy who's the governor of Minnesota. Not just a big X-Rexler with a big mouth, but a guy who's the governor of Minnesota doing a great job up there too, by the way. Cutting back on taxes, getting more money for education, and the doing the kinds of things that a intelligent person supposedly should be doing for the people. And he's got the hoods for the come along and tear it down all of this bull crap. That's so many of you people have been brainwashed with. And you can't build the internal fortitude and strike the tear yourselves away. Like this nice lady who finally did, she just said, Oh, for the guy then Catholic church and all that bull crap. The greatest procreator of misery and suffering and hunger and desperation in the entire God damn world. Yeah, go forth and be fruitful and multiply and make a lot of good Catholic babies. Maybe we can get it up to 10 billion if we start screwing enough, huh? Fort Lauderdale, hello. Neil? Yes sir. Is this no rudder? My other. It sounds just like you. I want the radio. Hey, I'm on the radio. You're on the radio, yes. Neil, I think it all falls around the money. He's on the radio, by the way, folks. I think it all revolves around the money. What's that? The OJ and the... What money? We'll like the Panthers and the Marlins. It's the, if you have the money to... The OJ, the Panthers and the Marlins, yeah. And try to apologize. I'm gonna have to let you go. You have the money to do these things. To do what things? Anything to kill or to catch the footballs. You have the money. The money? You can do these. Who is this Tommy James or the Fony voice? Moni Moni? Yeah. You're on the radio. What an asshole. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Got 600, over the lines here right now. Can't imagine why after that jack, eh? Huh? Here's sunrise, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, some day morning. I was watching the news with Charles Osgood. Yes? Did they did a report on evolution versus creation? They had to guide with each of the science class, that a Christian college, he saying, that dinosaurs were no result. And he said this is from the Bible. Many people are not. This is the kind of stuff they wanted to teach. I mean, before the animals were on New York, would maybe dinosaurs walking around right now. And I don't really have that money asked you this. How did Noah go out and catch the dinosaur in the first place? Okay, but it had to be one hell of a big arc. Yeah, they just walked out. And I don't know that, but like I've asked a million times you for it, nobody can answer it. Who was shoveling the dinosaur? The crap out of the arc. That's right. One more thing. I was like, how did he go out and catch all of those things? Huh? It's ridiculous. How come God who's on nipadeneck and do everything instead of telling this parole slipper this drug, Noah to go out and do it? Why didn't he just wave his little magic wand or his beenier, whatever he's got, rub his little magic lamp. And all of a sudden, all of these animals appeared on the yard. In fact, why didn't he provide the arc for Noah instead of having him go out there and build an hammer and nail and cut down these goddamn trees and do all of this other stuff? Why didn't you say, look, here's the magic arc from heaven. Take all the animals and I'll save your hand. It's a crazy drowning everybody else. And George Bush says it should be potent in public schools. Yeah, in between the snorning coping. Yeah, that's one more thing. I read the jetman. That's why Jim Bush had the coke machines put back in school like the sound of it. I read the jet deep and throw it article and playable. Yes, sir. It's a three seconds quote with the religion. He's like about the religious right and a blind follow. Right on the ear here, sir. Yes, today I had it. That's what it's all about. The inquisition was also organized religion. No kidding. Okay, remember keep those blindes those up to you. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Sheldeen will not to get sewer. 560, maybe that's why we had this low's band band proud maybe Dino Sorbonne. If 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I can a lot of calls from West Kendall today. Probably most people are sitting there with a shades drawn. Puring out the window. Got their alarms. Get your security alarms on your real good and candle. That's my best suggestion to you. Oh. Dory is the pouring his person that you'll ever be. Very. Very. We can't take him anymore. No one's more boring than vice president Al Gore. Mm. Drift yes Jackson, inspire him. He's alive If you start게 I tend to want washst eyes on for a pain. You're the 시청 kid. The following is he's out on your knees, the following is he's out on the following is first and that you'll have a view. 11.560 W2 and we got 600 open lines here, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, shall I? Oh, Neil, how you doing today? Do you believe in counter and balance in counter balance? What does that mean? Okay, who do I have to be? You have a gang in the eye, I guess. No. Okay, the reason I asked that is because you believe that okay, it's like for instance what happens on what's on the earth will occur on the other side of the earth? Of course not. Electrointence and earthquakes that happen in the future. Of course not. And why is that? With all the scientific data that's out, that says that what will happen on one side of the earth will have to count the balance on the other side. Well, eventually there's no way to predict it. There's no way to know when it's going to happen. Okay, scientific data has to do with anything. Well, what is the purpose of that? The purpose of that is just that this is a prediction, that's all it is. A prediction by scientists that December 22nd of this year there will be tremendous earthquake in California. Yeah, exactly. And the don't you think that's very important for the people to know that? No, because we don't live in California in the industry, which I don't believe it. How about let's go to Nostradamus and see what he said about it? I mean, what so he goes to off what 12 years? That's so much a great year. Sure, I think you take your tap on it. Take your tap on it on your star, get back into broom closet, we'll tell you when it's safe to come out. What? What? What? What did that have to do with anything? Does anybody know what that has to do with anything? I guess. That's what I'm going to get. We're going to bring him out of the box and investigate. Besides, everybody knows the asteroids are going to kill us way before the news. Of course, when you're worried about that, they're coming, and I think about a week from Sucas. Of course, that's why we use your work in the Nostradamus because it's like a tree ring circus. 560, 560, Pond 560, on the 80. That was a really brilliant call, sir. Do we live in California? Oh, okay. Well, that's the chance as you take. California they got earthquakes. We got hurricanes. And, you know, they got mudslides out there. We got OJ. Just to get even with us, they shipped this OJ just so we have as much risk as they got. Crazy person, another one. Here's Bokeh, hello. Let's hear those least in that Sunday. Okay, great. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? How you doing, sir? Sounds like I need to be doing this. Okay, one call left in the morning, that's it. We can say audio, today, baby. 560, 505, 60, Pond 560, on the 80 and T line. Now the real drugs are starting to seep in. Here's a mobile and Oakland Park, hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. You're the air for me. Now I'll call you in someday. Okay, okay. Don't you, I'm only going to watch up. You've called me away late. What is this? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? Can we be fair, boy, fat man, hand job? Sir, is this a phone call? Is this a conversation? Wow. No, it's a boring request is what it is. This is a conversation with a guy named Talkshow. Shame on you, sir. I'll get to it. 560, 505, 60, Pond 560, on the 80 and T wireless line. This is amazing to me. The phone hits. We had to believe in the balance and the counter balance and ying and ying and ying and the 722, like they can predict the day when we are going to have earthquakes. And they will probably tell you exactly where it is going to be to. Maybe at Anaheim, right there at Disneyland. Here is Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm rehashing something yesterday. I was on hold for a while, but I'm an excellent enforcement. And I don't know if you noticed the nesting that the concert the other night, how they conveniently set up a gauntlet for these people to come through. I mean, if they really cared about the safety and security of the people going in there, they would never allow access so close for projectiles. Of course, that's right. I mean, you know, that hasn't been brought up. I was listening to reading a lot of articles, but all of these articles are saying, oh, yeah, well, the protestors are going to write to protest. They don't have any right to spit at these people to throw rocks in bottles at them. And to jeopardize their safety. Nobody's going to write to do that. But of course, in this banana boat town, nobody wants to go out and eliminate say that they said me. Well, it's, you know, I mean, I'm married to you. And it's just not right. I mean, it's just, it's just, my effect. It's, you know, anywhere else you would have never had that. I mean, there were, there were allowing these people to commit a crime and then we're watching it happening in that way. And then Tom Osweregg, a lot of us got to balls to get on the news there yesterday and say, oh, we can't let them come back in December because beatings are so high about this now. Yes, what happened this weekend was nothing. It'll be much worse the next time. It can't get worse. As opposed to condemning the people who were committing the illegal acts, as opposed to condemning them, he's predicting, oh, we can't let it happen again because it'll be much worse. So, in other words, what he's really saying is, you can't perform here because this is a banana republic. He might as well have just said that. Well, they allowed to incite it. I mean, they, they, they, they had it on TV. They should all, we got to grung it more. Barricades because there's more people coming and they allow them to put in a flatbed truck to have a concert. I mean, if they allowed a carnival like, you know, atmosphere and, and give them the ammunition, they didn't just want to allow it. They encouraged, they did. They did. I mean, they wanted that it, but, you know, that's just where it is, but, but anyways, appreciate it. Okay, hanging there. All right. Okay, 1400 open line here, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Great. A lukewarm editorial in the Sun Sentinel land. We're still waiting for the one in the hairls. We're going to see that. Yeah, sure. Hold your breath. Great. lukewarm editorial on low's band band in the Sun Sentinel. First amendment at stake. From a financial standpoint, at least promoters of Saturdays, low's to band band concert, it reads to be disappointed. Back through weeks of heated resistance, they sold only 18 number tickets to the event, not even close to breaking even. Well, that's interesting because the paper day of the day said they sold 2400 tickets, which was an off-the-brake event. Cuban ex-house had tried to stop the concert. First by forcing a change of venue, then by hurling eggs and insults of the band fans as they tried to end the arena. We're disappointed too. For them, 1800 tickets was 1800 too many. But those who braved the swallow protest to dear Cuba's most influential band helped not to victory for freedom of expression. Never mind that most of them profess to be their just advance. We don't do politics. We make music, band leader Juan Formel has said over and over again if only it were that simple. Formel and the other musicians who make up low's band, then are considered by many Cuban ex-house to be ambassadors for the Castor government. The group's name comes from 1969 War campaign in which hundreds of thousands of Cubans were forced into the field to increase the country's sugar harvest. To many of those band band represents the continued repression by that government. To them, the fact that the band is allowed to travel and others are not as the evidence of its favorite status. Whether this makes it the official communist band of Fidel Castro is Miami Mayor Joe Carroyo has said is debatable, but it's pointless to argue that a Los Vanden concerts scheduled in Miami is something less than a political event. The protest is most of whom we're strained themselves from the rock and bottle throwing. Had every right to protest, it's their position, which steps on the rights of the band to perform in the fans to attend that is dead wrong. There we finally have to roll up the window dressing. They finally got around to say in the right thing. Miami officials were also wrong to cave into pressure from powerful exiles and block Los Vanden from playing in the city on James L. Knights Center. Once that was done, however, became impossible for anyone who attended the concert to avoid making a statement in the process. That statement which applies to both sides is about the first amendment and the rights of all parties to be heard. It wasn't Viva Fidel, but it wasn't left dance either. Very lukewarm. He had one paragraph in there that made sense. Because it is in anybody's right to go there and intimidate people and spit it them and throw rocks and bottles at them and endanger their safety. That's not part of the constitution and you ask holes at the sunset and I'll know that. But you got to try to make me that's what that guy was talking about. Got to balance it out a little bit. Very simple. The first amendment doesn't apply in Dave County floor to very, very simple. Does not apply. And I don't give a crap. Who's got a damn band? They were, how come when they went to all these other cities, including Toronto? There was no protest. There was no hysteria. There was no political statement being made. They just went and played dance music. And a bunch of people went and they had a good time and that was the end of that. And they did all of a sudden become card-caring communists the next day. How do you know? That we know of yet. Oh, they did. This fall on CBS. Meet a small town free to speak the word of God and add a few choice words of his own. It's Father Tourette's Mystery. Yeah, I didn't believe it. But we are gathered here today to join together this huge town. So I'm going to suck him up. I'm going to suck him up. In Holy Master, Mom. Father Tourette, Mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Holflis and NYPD Blue Ball. Oh, my God, all of you. You're so hot. You're a little hot inside. And I'm going to have to bother him. Sunday, this fall. Spending hour with Father Tourette. Right after an all-new season of touchdown there by an angel, only on CBS. It's going to 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15, 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15, 15 to 5. 15, 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. 15 to 5. They were getting jiggy with it with their 80 to 100 billbows. Of course, the obvious implication being in that of course, you have to throw in the shot. Oh, well, of course, they're very big in a gay community. I've never heard anybody in a gay community who knows those of them. But, of course, if they're a Cuban group, isn't that redundant anyway? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 to 10 while it's gone. See, this is the way it works. Music groups aren't people. They come in a perform. They show their art show. They just play their music. And if you want to go and pay to see it, go ahead. If you don't stay to hell home, go play part cheesy. Go play Domino's in a park. Do something else. That's how it works. If you don't like it, don't go. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'm tired up to the study. This is OG. When you do 911, because you only have three numbers. And regarding the lymphob that's the protest, every place is a lot of people. The lymphob. Yeah. The lymphob. Yeah, every place I've ever been. The white supremacist, I got a permanent protest. Most groups that you're going to protest, you need some type of permits. You want to play right. Don't need one. It's a natural date. That's right. You're not only not only a little bit, you don't need a permit to protest. You don't need to permit to go out and block the highway if you're fat on. Your reason there is, you know, because you're not in the United States study. You're in a state study. You're in a state like you always say you're in a banana boat republic. That's so really correct. And I've had, I've had, I've had a force, I have a really nice house in the bay. I've got the force self-fine up and I'm out of here. I don't know where I'm going. I'm going to go on top. I hope we get you one and that will be in the office. That's the set. We're okay. Okay. 4200 open lines here today. Looks like we were going to have a show there in the beginning. Now I have my doubts. Now I have a feeling that we're going to be here in 98 degrees for 4.5 hours. 5.6705.50. Sounds good to me by the way. In 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. As usual, all of these things happen in our midst and these people are got nothing to say about it. And we get calls like the guy, do I believe in a young and a young and the in and the out and we're going to have a guy damn bigger at Quentin California December 22nd. Talk about a guy who's been reading too many guy damn tabloids. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yeah, you're in the deal. Yes sir. Well, based on what Eric will tell you something. You know, these Cubans have were down here at the Lovs Lovs Lovs Lovs on bond concert. Yes. You know, they have park with you these illegal aliens. It's the only thing you can say. You know, majority of them are on the first plane back to Cuba the second day that they get here off of a raft. And the first thing they're doing is taking money back to Cuba to their relatives and in dollars. And what they're doing with it is that they're spending an inch of the words that are operated by the Cubans government. And the only. How many? Absolutely. So they're talking about supporting Castro. The biggest supporters of Castro in Miami are the Cuban ex-alternality. Right. Because they're sending money back to Cuba. And pretend lying about it for 10,000. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know, you go down there to go to the airport any morning. There's a thousand people trying to get one of their airplanes to go to Mexico to go to the Bahamas. And they go anyway they can. Right. To take money back to their families. And who spends the money in Cuba? And where does the money go? It goes to Castro. Correct. These are the biggest hypocrites that walked the face of the earth. I'm so really correct. You know, and what they would do, they would say, oh no, not me, not me, but you go anywhere in the Cuban community. And you can find a thousand people that are going to Cuba. Take this hundred dollars to my family. Take this thousand dollars to my family. Right. Why? Why don't want my family to go hungry? They all want them. Well, so that's don't do as I do, do as I say. That's what I'm telling. If it wasn't for the illegal vote to the people they're doing, the first thing they do to get off the boat. They go down, they get their little green guard or whatever it is from immigration. They go down the metro date, they raise their right hand. I'm a citizen. They get a voting card. Yeah. And how do you think, Billy, I'm a Roth. And I'll be with other politicians in Cuba and Miami. It elected. Yeah. Because there's no restrictions. You know, in Florida, the only thing you have to do is raise your right hand. And it's where the tourists are. Okay. Time a great day, Bill. Once you get to the third time. But he's got a good point. He's right on target. Baby, let's just like the Catholic Church. It's the numbers game. Let's just keep bringing on all these goddamn people. Poof your a citizen and vote for me. I never stole a freight train. Oh, and by the way, speaking of vote for me, I never stole a freight train. Jazz who's looking like a major jackass again on the actual news. Not Mayor Penga. Do you see that last night on CBS evening news? About to deal about all these different cities that are trying to take in the guns from the Pallon force agencies and pedaling them to make sure that they don't wind up in the hands of the public. Pedaling into other law enforcement agencies. But come to find out that Mayor Penga here a day county made a contract with a firm that is putting him the hands of individuals all over the hemisphere. And they brought the list to Mayor Penga who sat there and he went, but me, but I'm a move. I didn't know I didn't know that and they made him and this town again. Look like a bunch of total incompetence and jackasses right there on the CBS evening news and put a million and millions of people again last night. While he sat there looking at the list and go like that. Oh, we didn't know not. We thought they were doing the right thing. I guess what they weren't. Oh, just beautiful Mayor. I'm going to tell you one thing. Mayor Penga, you're perfect. Do you people I could say that about, but you're a perfect asshole. Everything you do turns the pure instant trap. Including that American Airlines arena down there that you slipped us the Mickey on and by the way, nobody wants to go pay tickets to go there. Nice going. Nice job. Here's a mobile in West Palm. Hello. Mobile in West Palm Beach. Yeah. It's something that I like to know. How the Holy Sponsorina's here. You know, let me ask you something. If somebody's squeezing your bag now or what you're making vibrating sounds, okay, go empty it out and call us back. Maybe someday. That's soon. And if you're not here, I don't really know. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. I just I'll go call me and some regards to the Cubans and the riots. Do you regard it? Do you regard it? Do you want to? I mean, the protest that we're having when the fact is down here. Yeah. Yeah. We have a lot of people down here in Iraqis from Saudi Arabia somewhere around there. From Saudi Arabia. Yeah. We have people from Shobudnan. We don't come up here and fight our government. That's like thousands of miles. Another one here is 90 miles away. If you want to fight some Castro, go to the T-Mail and fight Castro. Don't come here and display your non-challenge attitude and make a total of out of follow themselves. I can't saw you how much and everybody hate the Cubans around here. Yeah. He's not Cuba. You hate the Cubans? I'm not asked for the people but the behavior is like terrible. You just said everybody hates the Cubans. I mean, I'm like job. That's all we all talked about yesterday. Why would you want to do that? I'm not responding. I'm not responding. I'm not responding. I haven't trouble hearing me sir. Did you? Did you ask the question, do you hate the Cubans? Do you hate all Cuban people? No, really. Why did you just say that? You said everybody hates the Cubans. You just got to say that. No, the way to behave. Yeah. The behavior. Sharing down the door. Clothing roads. Right. Wanna prove that. Oh, the hit is not so much. Yeah. Why don't you go up there and let him know you're hitting someone. Why don't you say that? Maybe you're headed right in the beginning. We ought to send him to Saudi Arabia. That might solve the problem. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. There you go. I don't know. I don't know. Then all these disgruntled Cubans to Saudi Arabia. That was straight in there. Stick him in the goddamn desert. And don't give him a map like Frankie Panky said. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why will I sign? I think we're finally starting to get warm now. Here's Miami. Hello. Look nearly. Yes sir. Why are you still be swimming? What can I do for you sir? If you got a commenter, is this your material? No sir, I apologize. I have a question for you. How many transistors were there at this thing? How many protesters thousands? How many people? And how many transistors? And how many Cubans are in Miami? 2 million. Okay. So the other 2 million is almost 2 million in the sparrows. 1.2 Cubans. Yeah. I got a question. People like George and I do. I mean, because 3,000 people 4,000 show up in some reason. I'm being labeled here. But you know, I'm being raised to how many people in the time? How many times are including as recently as yesterday? Do I get on the air when I say the reason that this stereotype exists? Is because the rest of you people have nothing to say. You don't denounce it. What do you want? I am denouncing it. Good for you. If you first off, I guarantee you most of us are in like that. So where do I? Are you in hiding? Is the only thing you can do when you call a pop show? We say, but a con, but a con, and it's your idea of a mealt of a talk show? No, no, no. I didn't say money. Well, I would say 90% of the Cuban calls. I get that's their material. Not a con, no matter what the issue is. We could have nuclear weapons dropping, and they still are calling show. Not a con, and that's a idea of a phone call. But I'm not going to do the idea of being involved in this community. No, but I understand. Renew, I see a question. You have a gay pride trade. And some of those people embarrass you. What do you do? What do you do? What do I do? I don't go. I decryed them. I go on and I think they're adding like a bunch of fruit cakes. That's what I do. I am denouncing it, and I am denouncing it. Those guys are a bunch of fruit cakes. Just like you are saying. Nice job, sir. Excellent. It's crap. But I want the Columbus and Jesus Christ as brothers or anyone. Okay. Have a good one. And watch out for them. Don't drop the soap. He went to Columbus, signing his survival. Let's hear it for that guy. One Cuban. Okay. Finally, we got one. I even went out of my way yesterday to ask for all the rest of these people. They won't call. They won't call. They won't have a conversation. Maybe if we had a voice scrambler by my call. Are they much of pussy? Is that the problem? The phrase somebody's going to recognize their voice? I mean, I realize we got government by and until the way of life by intimidation and date county. But are you that intimidated? You're afraid to speak out against this crap that never seems to stop? That you suffer just like they got before us. That about all these people hate humans. Well, they think they hate humans. What they really hate is this kind of behavior. They can't stand it. They can't stomach it. We're tired of it. We're peaking from it. We're nauseous from it already. On offer the goddamn fascism. 1126 if you weigh in. I'll be on the platform. In theaters now from the producer of the six cents hits the seven cents. I smell all the people. Let me do. They smell like thin gang. No, like most balls. They smell like albacor. They're like two or five. The seven cents. No, like an albacor stops with most balls. Showing now. It's 1131 at 560 WQM 560 5050 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, the three little holios that had their circles are kind of sure every day. George is already promised that if we ever get a hold of you again, he'll take your. Each and. We're sorry to hold them. I'd probably beat him to it. Not necessarily in the same way. Well, listen, they need something to keep MachiPy. They need something in the got time on their hands or something. Here's cutlerraids. Something it rhymes with time. Cutlerraids, yellow. Cutler Ridge. Long gone. Okay. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yeah, Dave. Is this Neil? Oh, sorry. Are you in Hollywood? Yeah. I've been only with you. How come then when I said Hollywood is like this long. What is am I like on a retard online? That or what? What's the problem, sir? Listen, Neil. You don't know Hollywood. Hello. Yes. Yes. You always talking about the head or like, where do you get things wrong? Hello. I'm listening to your sir. Well, how about this for the bute. The lotto numbers in the Spanish edition are different from the English edition. The one? The lotto numbers. Last week a lotto numbers are different. Okay, listen, I'd like to speak to somebody today. One, just one who can speak English. I can't understand our fucking word that any of these people are saying today. Do we have anybody in this goddamn God forsaken part of the world at speaks English? No. Just like I bring up a thing yesterday about this horrendous thing we do in America would black people. It's a crime. It's one of the worst parts of the racist society that we live in is the social promotion for young black kids who speak Bobonics who can't speak proper English to make sure that they can't compete with white folks in a goddamn marketplace. To make sure that they can't get ahead, they can get ahead, but they can't get ahead. We have a guy anybody in this goddamn town who can't I'm not talking about you don't have to be born and raised here. You don't have to be a God forbid, but at least be able to articulate so we can understand what that you're saying. Speaking of language. The lotto. The need people also look at they got a corn covener. Correct. Now how is it what these guy damn people are they crazy or what? The lotto number. They have the lotto numbers. You wonder why people can't get along and his guy damn tough. How can they even understand each other? It's kind of new to what language you just got to do with being articulate. What that crap that passes for Spanish and Dave County. Even a Mexico they laugh at the people here with a crap that they speak. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. This is a Cuban I can't speak English. I won't comment about the most violent. I'm Cuban and I'm just a bad man. That is everybody else. We're all your other people. Why are they so quiet? Why is it that every time something like this happens. I have to get a guy damn mental hernia to get a few people to call and say we don't believe in us. We're embarrassed and humiliated and discussed in part of it. Because the other Cuban is going to do whatever they want either way and just a Cuban. We have no safe. So in other words you say that everybody else just gives up. And Dave here is no shortage of it. They get on those Spanish language radio stations as you know 24 hours a day. Papa never stops and the rest of you people are the majority obviously. You just let them run your goddamn reputation in the ground. You don't care. I knew. I just want to say that. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I love you. God bless you and I'll pray for you. And all that stuff. But you're all a bunch of pussy. See, this is one of the greatest mysteries of all time. I was thinking this the other day. It's like with a Marlon thing. Oh well, Alex Fernandez pitches. They got these other Hispanic players. The Cubans are going to come out and it never happened. Never happened. And never will happen. What is it? I'm not talking about the old Cubans who are busy. A protest against block in the streets and playing the domino park. What is it that these other million Cubans are 800,000 a day. What is it that they do? What is it that they support? Where is it that they go? What is it that they're all about? You know what I'm saying? Do they go to the support? Any of the sporting? I mean, there's a few. You know, it's dolphin games. We got maybe six of hispanics at the Panther game. They're 14 of them at the heat game. That's it. Three at the Marlon game. And two angles. They like to dolphin's. Remember Tula? Oh, you're Tula, Tula. He's really the two-pocabra, Tula. Now that's Tula, you're thinking, I'm not Tula. You got a backwards. Here's the lady in four-laterdales. Hello. Yes, man. It's OJ's girlfriend. It's Richard. She's asking for it. I can't stand him. Yeah. How about now? You know, it's the last blonde. The one that he was going with before the one that Nicole looked like. She told him to get lost finally. Her family had an nervous breakdown because of all her cocaine that allegedly was going on. And because they were afraid for a life and they said, get the hell away from that murdering piece of crap. And she did. What about this blonde? I don't know. It's her brain. Exactly. Well, I think we know where her brains are. Probably in her rectum. Okay. Thank you. Pray for her. Pray for her sweet. Yeah. Say a brahala. Bye. Thanks for your public. Five six. She's very concerned about the water name. What is her name? Her name is 26 year old Christine Prodi. Let's all say a prayer for Christine. Okay. Because once OJ starts on at 911 something comes from his house with these and the couple was arguing in a background. Like I said at the beginning of the show today. Sounds awfully familiar, man. It's sad. Has that familiar ring and smell to it? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Hello, Rio. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm Miami. I'm a Cuban. Yes, sir. These people embarrassed. I held out of me. Uh-huh. They should just make a giant wrap for the back and a wrap in them all back. I think that what you people ought to be doing. Sir. And I really mean this. It's called up those Spanish language radio stations too. I don't know how long they leave you on the year. And let them know that those the handful of these misfits aren't, they're not speaking for you guys. I think that's a good idea. But you know, they're just a bunch of old farted anyway. So in a couple of years, we'll have to deal with them anyway. Well, we're praying. Okay. I'll do it. Okay. I'll stick to your meat. Okay. See that it's kind of like, you know, it's just well. It's just a matter of time. But at the meantime, everybody hates each other because of it. And everybody's all bent out of shape and the town continues looking like a banana republic which it is. And people, and people I respect tremendously, we don't always agree. But people I respect immensely like the mad dog, you can get upset about it. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. By the way, I noticed it lines for this. Oh, oh. God, I love that. Don't you just love that? So did the people that Bell South fix line for? No, no. I didn't because I noticed it hasn't, uh, wrong rang, ring, ring a ding ding. One time all day. Oh, I love it. Like a slide whistle. Yeah. It's the ZOM fear. Or is it bills in for it? It's a lot of fear. It is getting worse. All right, I'm going to keep going back to that. Ooh. Whoo. I'm starting to get goosebumps. I'm getting chills from that, baby. As once again, of course they're at budget meetings today. They just keep evading and evading and stalling and stalling and waiting and thicken around and thicken around. We got a program directly at the if a pigeon takes a dump outside of window. He starts crying like a girl, you know. Oh, Greg, it's a turn. It's a turn. This truly is an indescribable place. Even with my verbal linguistic ability, even I can't begin to communicate to this audience. What I mean, what I want to just crazy place, this is a crazy place with crazy crazy people. As in. Ooh. Or just a little one at the time. I got it. I'm going to hold you out. I sing a low tone. I am a baratone with me, some notes cannot be found. What's up, how I can't be with me. They want me to do this. I know what I can reach and this ain't gonna happen. Oh, no. It's up to high. Too high for me. There's so much energy. I can't get to high. Someone kicked me like fat ass. If not, that's me. Ooh. Too high. Too high for me. What'd you take me for? I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. I'm going to take you out. Here is the CEO of Godfather. I always say a lot of good things about my black friends and there's one of them. Love your Herman. Herman, Caine President and CEO of Godfather's Pizza will be the featured speaker at the Urban League of Browards and equal opportunity in the day awards dinner October 29. Caine one of the nation's top motivational speakers is a media past president and CEO of the National Restaurant Association and president and CEO of a new company. Digital restaurant solutions. Now I have a feeling, by the way. I could be wrong, but since it says he's one of the nation's most important and most whatever motivational speakers, I have a feeling he do not be speaking boobonics. And I don't also understand what it is because it's spreading. Not only do we have young black people and older black people who grew up being a little bit speaking that way, but we also have some Hispanic people that I've encountered. I don't want to mention Dr. Mark's receptionist from days gone by. She's long gone anyway. I don't think he's got a staff anymore. No. But at any rate, oh, I have to ask you a couple of questions. And see, you're going to try until I don't know that's Puerto Ricans. Ricans, that's what you're going to say. That's Puerto Ricans. And you're saying, I knew you were going to say that. How do I know you're going to say that? Because they're half black anyone. I'm like the Cubans are 80% black or the Cuban charge. Now let me ask you, that's an interesting point. There are many black Cubans which is fine. I mean, like most von, von, they're all black. Right. Are there black Puerto Ricans? Sure. Letting marches. Oh. Well, see, brought him up as an example. I thought you were going to tell me something uplifting. You know what? 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, I hear that he's a personal trainer. I heard on some spot. Wouldn't it have been great if they could have found the coal body alive? I can't believe I just said that. But I did. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, no. Yes, sir. And how you doing? OK. I agree with you with a Cuban spending so much money in Cuba. I went to the summer, my parents in Cuba. And I was born right here. Right. And I see all these Cubans were in Nike's, Tommy Intel figure, sitting with computers in the house, satellite dishes. Uh-huh. They're spending a lot of money there. But then again, I got to agree with some people. They're family are really starving. But other families are doing just well. They have computers, BCRs, brand name, TV. Right. So I don't know. It goes both ways. That's why you're most of them go both ways. That's what I heard. Yeah, more so. Right. But anyways, I know that guy was speaking a little while ago. He really got to know how Cuba is. You got to actually live there and actually see it. I'll visit it because the tour is this perfect. Yeah. I know a lot of people are suffering. So I agree with some people saying money, but not all of them. Not a lot of them are suffering. OK, I mean, all right. Have a good one, Neil. OK, watch out. Don't be wearing those Tommy Hill figures in public. 560, 560, what happened to the overhead there? What happened to the phone? This phone is just all screwed up. Not only we have lines that don't work properly. We got the connections all sound bad. They sound like, if I maybe all these people out, I can't understand. Maybe they're speaking perfect English. I think so. Maybe they're really articulate and very, no. I mean, how is it possible to advance? Let me say it again. When you can't speak proper English, how is it possible to be graduated from one class to the next? When you can't even come close to speaking proper English, what kind of a system have we got that we encourage illiteracy? And then we sit back and we privately chuckle and laugh. Look at that, the illiterate sparse, you're over it. Who ever it might be? Mine, nobody member. So you know what I said? There's a lot of white people feel very comfortable in doing that because then they don't have to worry about too much real competition. So instead of affirmative action, we should add affirmative education. That's what we should have had. Instead of taking people who weren't qualified for jobs and putting them in there strictly because we had a quota system and because they were a member of those certain minority, what we should have done was had affirmative education saying that it was absolutely in mandatory to have the best teachers and the best education in places where they needed the most. And as opposed to the George W. and Jabboish mentality is, if you've got a crappy school, we're going to promise you, I'd penalize you for it. But a bunch of crap that is. Like they're fooling somebody. Here's a mobile and camera range, shall I? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. How are you? Okay. First of all, I love your program. I am a Q and I have been the concert on Saturday with my family. Oh, wow. And I was hit by a bow and my face and I was rocking my hand. My wife was almost hit with it because she brought the cursor with him back. And she got a splash hole, Coca-Cola, whatever it is. But if he wasn't being because of the police, we were not being killed. Salute with them. We went by the metro rail. Right. And we went in as we went in and I came out for a break. I asked one of the women that wore up the gate with a little team marking how many people came in. And I asked her and I she told me it's almost close to 3000. Now you've been in the arena because of the hockey and let me tell you, Neil, the floor was packed. You moved in the floor dancing. You were sitting in the area where you usually sit for the hockey games. And that place was loaded with people. Now in the stage the band bands they say they come in back in December. Right. We got it. So what they say they even the leaders says there are more people who like us that they like us. So we would be here in December. Now we know these women are hanging because we've been in the starfish. And we ask her, we skewered they are walking around and we ask her, I just said, yeah, I'm bringing them back in December. Now the people who start this problem right here is a guide by the Nanger C. Who stay, who is in the Laku van Ishima. I'm sorry. You know what I mean? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And that has all commissioner as the very like regal. Now all those people because I speak Spanish actually, who call the station are all ours without teeth. You know, you don't find a young two and a American or a young college in the station. And they are the ones inside the people to come and attack innocent people like us. So we went to see a concert and you're the middle like the back street boy is touching protest. You're privileged. Right. I'm not going to tell you not to go. Now no one went to protest and movie. No one protested the movie that they were showing in the Nye Center. And no one went protest when that woman glorious revenge can't see anyway. She stinks. Right. Now I am going to organize a protest of the arena for Christmas when they go into the city. When she's going to sing over there and for New Year or whatever it is. But I'm telling you, I will, I will, I will win my family five of us. I have a list of 20 that you take command December. We're going to go back over there because no one is going to tell me when to go or where to go and what to go and what to go and what to go and what to go and what to go. Right. Actually, my country. Okay. Keep it up and go nice. Okay. Bye. Yeah, just wear some armor and go over there. Have a yeah. Maybe that's why they call it the armor. From the arena of the armor. You've got to wear your armor when you go there, but you have a great time when you get inside alive. Yeah, see, this is good that they're coming back. See, some people think, oh, you know, they're going to do it. So, but they're going to provoke this. They're coming back so soon. No, it's good that they're coming back so soon because there's a message here. And the message is that people like this guy and his family and thousands of other people are not going to be intimidated by the same handful of misfits. I remember when they were blocking the streets off here months ago, what at, you know, people watching up on shore crap. And they were all better shaped with a coast guard. So they decided inconvenience thousands and thousands of people because they didn't get their way. And they were out there doing that. And it was the same thing. It was a handful of people, a couple of thousand people in high E.A. and over there on a guy named Causeway. And they overwhelmed at one point two million you're talking about, where to help were they? They didn't agree with this crap. And the stereotype that continues to be portrayed in this town is the stereotype of those people who make the noise and who are visible and on the guy they immediately do when they're same old tired. I'm trying to rap. Trying to dictate who can come here, who can like he says, you want to go to the arena see the back street voice, you want to go see Palliachi, you want to go see whatever you want to see go see it, okay. I want to go see glory and step on we make pukar guts out but go better you than us. Go see it. That's the way it works, okay. And the same thing like with an art exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum in New York with Rudy Giuliani and his goddamn fascist mentality. If people don't want to see it if they're offended by it then let him not go see it. The art critics buy it and by the way the whole thing about the elephant tongue it's that one thing, one thing that one little thing on that whole mural there. I think what they're pissed off about is it's a black virgin Mary. I think that's what they're better than I to shape about. That's what got him psychotic. It's a shvart of virgin Mary. That's what's got him crazy, all those catlicks and cardinal or connery of course. He's really with that. I just psychotic about it. Of course he ain't been in a good mood anyways since they've locked off the back entrance or they used to bring all the altar boys for cardinal spelman. Used to have a special entrance in the rear so to speak. Yeah, they used to bring the altar boys right to that special entrance so they could have a service cardinal spelman. A hypocritical faggot is what we're talking about. Big olfagging in the church and they got this big outcry. That's the thing that's so great about the Catholic church. You talk about a hypocrit. What a bunch of frickin' hypocrites. Cardinals and a guy named Pope, all these professional faggots. They're talking about, oh this is a mural and that's a mural and this is obscene. Yeah, right. Of course how many years ago was it when they discovered that the Catholic church had the largest collusion of pornography of any place in the world? And Algo Sting was pretty jealous. That's just for research, right? Yeah, of course. Yeah, like people in law enforcement, they got to check it out. The judge's got to take it all home and look at it. Show us friends. hypocrites, phony, make believe. Yeah, yeah. I asked him what's going through a pity. Money run on the Catholic Union. Yeah. And then he saw the church. Oh, fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. No more PvP, Up peanuts was a rate of wine alone air listen Palestinians. I just think the water is broken, Brian, but that was about to persist. Probably three at five, 60, nobody at QMO, a Luke Christie, was one of my favorites. Couldn't sing for crap, but I just liked that, maybe with that sound. Maybe that was it. Didn't look good. Anyway, we got our pizza loft appearance move back a week. I want to keep mentioning that over and over again. Maybe we'll even get that information to our program. Do you have your favorite, come back to those important, the budget meetings? Tuesday, October 26, that's the new day. We're going to go into the next year and spread the words. Spread the something from 6 to 8 PM. We had to move it back a week because we want to make sure that all our good stuff is in. We don't want to have any more emergencies. We don't want to have any more disappointed people. Tuesday, October 26, 6 to 8 PM with the World Famous Pizza loft in David. Please spread the word around. Put it on billboards, write it on TV, walls, etc. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, hi, doing great. I got a couple of comments. First, I got into a heated debate yesterday with some classmates regarding what was about the president and the governor of Mexico. He wanted to legalize drugs. Yes, sir. I think it was a great idea. I did with both of them. The director said the religion is for the week and these guys got so granted some of them were more men from Utah. Yeah. They got into the jungle. They got so big and I told them. You guys have Jerry Falman, on all these people from the right. We put up with what he wants to say. We don't like it. We don't go crazy. These guys were going nuts with Ventura said. Going nuts about what? You mean about the religion? Yeah, they said it was disgusting. We could say that. He has no right. Wait, wait, wait a minute. He has no right to say it. He wants again. We got the problem. It's just like the old Cubans here. It's the same thing. As long as I agree with you, I got to write the say something. As soon as I disagree with your opinion on whatever it is, then I have no right to say that. Let's what I told them. I go cherry fall. I listen to what he says because he's a lot of speak. We live in a so called democracy. But I listen to what he says. I don't agree with it. Another thing is, I wanted to comment on Jimmy Johnson. Yes. After that, after what he did to Marino. He's an answer. After what he did to Marino, public last week, he should be looking at Marino's ball after the game he played. That's what I said yesterday. He said it was on his ball. And then Ed Pope by the way, he was never. Never gotten a story right in his life. Ed Pope puts his column in a hero this morning. Oh, yeah, it was the psychology work perfectly. And really got down to play great game. The psychology. Let me say it again. They hate each other like plays. Marino doesn't need to be wound up. He's been a week for 17 years. That's right. I don't need us any day. Motivational course from Jimmy. I got a bed haircut Johnson. All right. Later. See you. Or is it Jimmy? We got a shot. I forgot. Yes. Some of the people in this town got his head so far up. Jimmy's ass. You don't ever get it out. I don't think. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 10. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 4. 6. 6. 7. 9. 6. 7. 5. drug situation as a health problem, not a crime problem. But it's a big, big industry in this country. The so-called war on drugs, the biggest forest that was ever put over on a bunch of really, really dumb people. 560, 50, 50, 50, let me ask you about that. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, how, I see, I don't understand, ASK. Can you make that sound? Anybody that's just you? Let me ask you a question. Just say, can you make this sound? Ask, ask, ASK. There's no X and X. I mean, I just use that as one example because people who can't speak proper English. There's the Indians towards the debuture, which makes them in our ticket and then burasing any literate. And not qualified, really, to do much in life, which is very sad. It's not a big of a thing. This, I had one guy that dark-complanted guy called me from the beach yesterday, told me about my hood and the clan and all. Hey, listen, you know, this is just what the establishment wants. If you're satisfied with being a literate, well, I'm happy for you. Let me hold a pencil. Yeah, let me hold that. Let me hold that pencil. What? Say what? I ain't got no answer. Yes, stop. Stop. And then people like Tommy here who should be no better who's as white as a fallen snow, who's a good guy, but never less. He's trying. He's a white guy trying to be black. What up? What up? Stop. Stop. I thought that's the middle of your head after lunch. Here's homestead, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, I agree with the guy that called about 30 minutes ago, glorious death of stuff. Yeah, definitely. Well, that's not even debatable. We all know. I know. We're not going to get into that, but I'm a young Hispanic male. I listen to you all the time. I don't listen to a Spanish program. I mean, you will get the end out of shape, listen to all these all the time. And I'll write your mind. Listen to those questions. You just want to go out and shoot them, you know, but I don't want to do that. So I listen to you. You make a lot of sense. And I know a lot of young people, young students. And they know that once this all-for generations goes out, everything is going to be different. It's going to change. You say, don't agree with this all-for-for mentality. Hopefully in 30 years, those times, you say, it's the right way. You're in a year. Oh, we can't tell. Let me just hold on to this. Let's just hold on to H, most of them in 30 minutes or five. Any closer, Neil? You and your colleagues are God. Okay. God bless you. And, if it's all. 560, 505, 506, the only AT&T wireless one. So let me ask you this. No, no, no, no. Let me ask you about the ASK. It's our word for the day. ASK. Ask. Ask. Can I ask you not to ever say, ask again? Don't say, ask unless you talk, you be talking about OJ, okay? And we do not be talking. We need talking? No, we are. I'm not serious. We have to conduct a class right here on the air. Let's get all the illiterate people in this town together. White black Puerto Rican. I'm sorry. And during the break, George is a neck and all these anti-P Puerto Rican comments. I don't have a barrisque for you though. I love the Puerto Rican. I know you do not. I'm not a color day anymore. Yeah, right. Now you're be next to him just like the Jews. You'll be called them Sandnig or something like that. Oh, they're all the night. They're what? I'm just because I just, as an example I mentioned, you know, Ricky Martin. He said, oh, he's a brown in the house. What he said. That's what I said. The last part. Beware of exploding balls. Ray, what the has a pair of hats. My dad, my girl. He makes me a little bit. Early, I'm just acting up because I wake up every night. We wouldn't hire our children! We wouldn't hire Number one. Shut the doors. Equations, our diet, that we should never we divorced. And I'm just my head and you know He's up the ass, oh, so so power about now So they're gonna make him do My dad's not the only one He needs to get up the car And tell me the one who did it You're living in that city I don't know how to deal Oh man, any second on? She has an answer to have to Fendilates because the grand jury may come up What you report, you know, Jim Royal is gonna be Bobby Oh, I think it could be mommy dearest And of course he'll be involved too Because he's involved in the cover-up But we're waiting, we're holding our collective breath It's only been a couple years, what's the big hurry, right? So they have a piece on CNN right? Now talking about crazy religious people They just finished with a lengthy piece about the Alabama And the battle for a state lottery in Alabama This will make you feel better about Florida Even though it's a bad deal and it's a big ripoff But nevertheless, maybe about five bucks a year goes to education Three bucks So Alabama, they got it on a ballot there They got it on a ballot, yes, they know on an Alabama state lottery And a religion is to have an ever sprake that They're speaking in tongues, they're talking to each other The movie wouldn't like that Oh, and a Bible says getting something for nothing is Now, but against the work ethic and mama, me, me, me Unless of course it's church bingo Oh my god, you know, it's it's a lot of money So it's it's a hopeless cause this really the Jesse Ventura is so right on target, you know I mean these people are entitled to their stupidity and their ignorance But don't try to force it on everybody else That's the bottom line Freedom of religion, but most importantly freedom from religion That's the most important God damn thing And we just don't get enough of that We're not getting enough Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello Hello Yes sir I mean, how you doing? Great I'm in a little bit late, but I don't know if anyone mentioned this about that article And I heard all about O.J. Oh, yeah, I only didn't know right Yeah, I know, I'm sorry, what I mean is a part where it said that officers are one out there That they found those kind of a crime, so they gave the mystic violence Yes, they left him with a pamphlet on domestic violence Yes, how long do you think it took something to hit the trash If they weren't even out of the driveway Yeah, anyway Oh, that's all I got In verse and now did you get the the hero the the one on the data edition? Oh, you get the brown edition You're going to the data edition is got and not on the front page of the front section like we didn't brown But in the Miami section, I full color picture again The entire picture would stand duke and Roy Foster and the coaxe-norting Pedro Guerrero and the O.J. in his bitch And that's the girl next to him, huh? That's correct Well, you never know what you're looking at Okay, all right, thanks See you That's Christy Prodie right there, okay And of course he says, well, I had nothing to do with me or my girlfriend it was somebody else Why? Well, what you'd be speaking, O.J. what line would you be speaking, man? He's on tape there. You got it on tape, sweetheart It's right on the 911 tape, did you forget that already? I know it affects your memory and all That stuff Oh, man Yeah But now all of a sudden, had nothing to do with him and it was somebody else They were trying to help Maybe roar Those were the tall above Here's sunny aisles, hello Neil Yes sir Let me ask you a question, I can't even say that Acts, come on, Acts Can't even do it, just take an O.J. and say Acts Acts Hey, speaking O.J. Hey, he's trying to turn your life around I saw him on how we're certain the other night trying to make a citizen's arrest You know, he's just trying to be responsible now Uh-huh Hey, one more thing Of course, I'm sure Hey, exactly where it was I'm answering I'm answering Let me ask you a one way thing Um, when you pay taxes, if you have kids, you have to pay as if you get a tax break Or do you have to pay more taxes You have tax break, of course Well, they should, they're dependence That's ridiculous, they should have to pay more and don't you think? Absolutely In fact, that's an excellent point, just like the Chinese do I think you should have to pay like a hundred thousand dollars of reach kid After like the first two Because I ain't got any kids Okay All right, buddy I'll be seen Later No, that's fair That's a good way to stop this over population, at least a good way to start Six billion goddamn people I read that article together today Yesterday, did any response on it? No, six billion goddamn people And of course, like I've told you a million times before The people are making the most babies I don't want you to afford to do it the least Oh, and how about that 18 year old girl, by the way, who allegedly drowned Who are a little girl in the bathtub Did you see when they had her before the judge? And she was smiling and laughing I kind of kiddering if I can say that We need a joke, Peshie, to be there, say Does something amuse you, who's here? Yeah Bitch There's a dead baby involved here, okay? The drown dead, dead didn't crap Something I'm using about that, and she's like Ehh Forced sterilization, just keep thinking It just keeps saying it Right at on restroom walls, everywhere you go Every T-Roman America Right those two words, instead of drawing pictures of genitals Just right forced sterilization F-S Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello Hey, Neil Yes sir I didn't live here back then, but I'm just curious The topic of Cuban community reacted when the movie Scarface came out Because that's pretty derogatory, don't you think, to the Cuban folks? Scarface is derogatory, I didn't even see the movie I remember seeing scenes from it, but I never got to the whole thing To negative stereotypes of the way that God fives Yeah, so what's wrong with that? It was funny, was Uh-huh Oh yeah, it was about, I guess that's a real reason So how bad could it have been, and they'll put you in But there was no, none of the hard-line Cuban has jumped up and down Or anything? I don't know, it was an English, they probably didn't go Oh that's right, they couldn't understand it Ah, see Adios See 560560 Pond 560 on the AT&T, I was fine Yeah, my buddy, bro, Rocky Uh, I don't even know his name, bow or what's his name? Stephen bow or Rocky, it's a great I know Rocky, it's a red just got through saying it Who would be listening to me and said, I could have put all this guilty stuff What did that, that looks like some kind of uneasy Here's a homestead, hello, that's what Rocky said Homestead Are they like retarded? Homestead is that the problem? I guess they're retarded 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T, why am I saying this line? Here's a mobile informa, hello Hello Yes sir And I have two issues to talk about The first one is I really support you 100% Was what you read yesterday about, just even 2% 100% How come I haven't had 10,000 calls about that? Thanks a lot What's your name? Jessica, again, oh wow, these got dead dead head What he said, yes, what you just read over the air, yes, There's a what gentlemen, and that's what all about the democratic society This is the democratic country, you can say whatever you want and everything else The second issue I really want to talk about is the Cuban issue The Cuban issue I would love from the Cuban Just to go down to have an end with this What they don't want from catch to be an end in the government Right, right, through there was this in South Miami What the hell they're going to do in South Miami? Why don't you just go in there? They've been pampered by the politicians here So they know they can basically get away with anything they want to do here in there The government behavior will be tolerated and even encouraged here in the media And so as a result, they continue doing it over and over again Because they're pampered like a bunch of spoiled little branch Exactly, exactly, that's the second thing And I wish I would start running away with both I think they should stay there and visit And they get what they want to do The third issue is in the arena issue Which I would love to see then marino Treated much better from Jimmy Johnson And I think he's doing the best he can do And also he's not, it's not damn the arena's fault It's the home of 15 They never have a game plan They're always coming back and they don't have no running game I mean, Cecil Collins had one long run for a touch to other than that They absolutely know running in And I wonder if anybody saw the judge pathetic performance again Jacksonville With a big six points last night If anybody would like to have had Rick Meierer's quarterback instead of Dan Marina last couple of weeks Exactly, and they don't have any counter plan Whenever they come in second The ballman has a big reputation right now That's a strong team And every time they play with it Every time they play They can't sense the player They just want to hear the month because they know the maam is strong Well, I tell you what How come that offensive They don't have any counter plan Whenever they hear the fact The best two games More than the whole year last year Right And they don't come up with counter plan And by the way, nobody mentions the fact that on the third down play before he threw that great pass to Gadgeton on fourth and ten on the third down play He got his clock clean They know them it looked like he wasn't even going to get up There was a long delay He comes back up they run a fourth down play He throws the long bomb and then he throws the touchdown pass That's nobody even mentions that they hung right in there and made the great play And God bless you sir And I'll pray for you 560560 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Yeah, let's give Jimmy Rick Meierer a couple of games and see how he likes that Beyond his hand Denise crying for Danny back Oh gee, please come back all those forgiven even though he hated to have the like poison Why is it the sports nerds can't tell you the truth? Why isn't they have to sugar coat everything? I guess they must figure that the sports nerd listeners almost be a much of emotional cripple Yeah, and maybe have a good point Here's a mobile in Miami, hello New Hawaii, yes sir Let me ask Do you have to tell me if I George your move at wrong? Is that your best material sir? He is your move at wrong He says you're great aim material George is a clear you're for a kill or Okay, thank you No, he's not you are though because it sounds to me like you're one of those I could hear the way your tongue was rolling a lot of experience 560560750 see it then there you go like I said see this guy tried to vary it a little bit We didn't get not a cool and we got both of our own but I do like to wear a lot better though Thank you Let's go to coconut creek hello Neil, yes sir Hey, a long time listener fellow atheist I do it all right Um, we're getting all the protests about the Cubans and everybody else I got some of the protests My grandfather 85 year old man just renewed his driver's license by mail for seven years Oh, seven years now seven years Oh, 85 years old You too I can bet Uh-huh, not too bad That's it, I'm a serial Thank you You're all been okay Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh I'm choked up about that only in Florida baby Only in the gay agreya panther state where all the people over the age of 100 run the whole goddamn show If you're 100 years old, we'll send you a renewal in the mail for 20 30 years Your death, your blind, you can't you know can't move But why can't you use the issue? I don't ask too many questions 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T line hankled beyond from cool city day to a clocked bookstore at 6 and we got the panties at Montréal tonight Yeah, Mattson Dean fractured ankle up for six weeks, least look really really bad last night at home against Nashville That's okay Isn't it? No, we'll come back won't we? No First I'm going to go to the toilet for a car To the bathroom It's so hard to be myself Because the group that I've been So I can't be one of them On the charts and the audience And we've seen just like girls I can't be where really that I think We thank you for all night I'll be made to the nation What you think is I'm confused And I don't hear And don't know what they're doing Maybe it's for you being the sound All the loud If he comes out for the things He'll be for the name He'll be the judge of And boys don't you Should we back in time Is something just like a girl I can't be Just confused All the minds in Just what these things claim You're better like me I can't be I don't know what you think But I know this one thing No better though But we all best is true No But we're asking you to let our name Just with your spirit And we're so confused We are so confused Fulcery 3 at 5.6 is WCM Thanks to Steve by the sawgrass by the way Perfecting me a very interesting article By Roger Ebert Artistic phrase Swirls in Brooklyn He says two images of the virgin Mary came my way last week Both of them caused me to think about their messages Which is the purpose of holy images One was a metal attached to a holy card from the shrine in Bosnia More than 30 million faithful abjunny The worships since it is said the virgin appeared there in 1981 The three children Maybe on it too, Tinos pizza The other is a reproduction of the portrait By the African artist Chris O'Feely The holy virgin Mary which is made New York mayor Rudy Giuliani So unhappy The holy card shows the young woman of movie star beauty Dressed in flowing robes of blue and light Haralabaster skin said off by subtle but perfect makeup The painting is now hanging in the Brooklyn Museum of Art Showing an African woman in tribal gown Giuliani was offended by two aspects of the painting It incorporates small areas of elephant dung And pornographic images of bare buttocks around her Since the only this is the only information about the painting That's been communicated by the mainstream news media I was startled to read an article in Salon magazine Informing that number one Chris O'Feely the artist is a practicing Catholic And number two, the leading of elephants are revered in some old tribal customs As a gift from the most respected jungle beast To incorporate them into a painting as worth to the paintings And the same way that one might use gold guilt in missing a paint O'Feely was following a tradition that is centuries old Three, the bare buttocks are intended to remind us Of the clouds of plump little bare bottom cherubs The float in the air around countless red-assonged paintings of the virgin When I mentioned the Brooklyn painting in an article last week A correspondence our castically said he was waiting for the artist To produce a painting of Martin Luther King's Junior in elephant dung But I've got him there according to the same useful article in Salon By Daniel Kunits another painting by Chris O'Feely title Afro-Dizia contains a number of elephant dung clumps On which the names of black heroes like Miles Davis, Cassius Clay And shaft are inscribed It's unlikely Kunits conclude that this painting is intended As an attack on African-American heroes How do you like that huh? So let them have elephant dung. It's a sign of respect That's right But don't don't confuse Rudy Giuliani He's he's posthering like all right wing phony's like all little dictators he's posthering Here's a pig reporting Cooper city You have Neil there are some Griffin road right about 50 fifth street two of them on a motorcycle One a minute car in the Southbound lane right in 20 of business too All right Oh, Jay I'm the guy behind the grass you know on the 18th hole have a great day Okay Ha ha ha Whoo The grass you know at the 18th hole better be look out, OJ Hey I don't think they're gonna find too many friendly folks down here OJ the candle might not be your neck of the wood if you catch my drift Okay might not be a place where you're gonna find too many people welcome you. What is that place there in candle? And West candle it's uh, where is it the hammocks? Oh the hammocks I know exactly where that is I just mentioned that in passing here's Miami hello You know, yes sir, how they going okay second time collar or basically I'm a comfortable Cuban descent and I think that I agree with you You know there's basically no pulse in the argument that goes on on a daily basis in the Spanish radio stations You know it's pretty lifeless and I think you could tell from you know their you know their collar's are old you know Old people are eventually are gonna you know surpass and pass away and basically you've got a young group of humans coming in I mean who sits next you on a daily basis I believe he's out Cuban in the day Who sits next to me? Yeah, across across across across across across and he fills in at times right? Right, so I think you know for the young Cuban a community she has shows a former progression for you Are you saying that George is representative of the young Cuban community? Not a representative but he is a representative of the water. Well, I don't know what you are I mean half a fan of crap whatever I mean. You know, I think that you got a lot of young Hispanics that are kind of progressing the stone Right, we're not sitting in front of the Miami arena throwing cans and crap at people and looking like a bunch of idiots Right, I mean and they have to marred I mean you guys are gonna have to be with it. The history of Miami you got a bunch of humans that came in here during the 90 and created havoc and just deal with it for the time being I mean it's gonna be history so Pretty much is what I have to say. Okay, thanks. All right, thank you. I'll read the dirty five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line I have to beg I have to plead I have to squeeze but every now and then when something like this happens I'll get a few guys like him we've had about four or five today and they'll say this ain't us. We don't want nothing to do with them. But boy, it's like squeezing blood out of a turnip baby. It's tough. It's hard. It is so hard. I think this is actually this while you're gonna kick back there. Don't ever stick an M&M in your vacuum. It's a company five at five sixty WCOM. When I was a long one, that was a freak. That was a thunder blast. Here's Miami. Hello. How's it going? Okay sir. One of the touch-in-thumb points. Number one everything. Well, like for instance, the governor minnesota. Yes, he's right on with the religion thing. Oh right. Religion is for the weak mind it. It only creates hatred. Also I wanted to touch on the bright people thing. The black people thing? Yes, they're not people people think that they're supposed to be the low for the total. They let them close these, the low for the total. It's the fact that the Republicans are democratically both want them to be down there. And the religion, the whole thing. The white establishment. It's not political. Let me adjust the white establishment. Why people run this country? And it's part of the racist destructive society. Well, the black people are destined to be on a bottomless society. And there were a few who were able to, you know, maybe they were born into a little bit of money. Or they were able to, you know, squeak their way through a little bit of education or get a lucky break. But generally speaking, that's the way it lays out. And of course, if you can keep people in our toilet and you litter with them, they're likely they're gonna stay on a bottom. Well, I just think that the government, you know, they let them, they encourage it. They give them more money. They encourage them to have children. And they have like 20 children that they're gonna support them. You know, it's a vicious cycle that, you know, that government is always, you know, paid a part of the cycle to encourage this cycle. Yeah. And the right wingers would be the same thing with the, the, the, really good thing. You know, the Republicans have a lot of fall of all this, you know, all these heat mongers stuff. Well, that's the big stuff. That's the Republican Party is so out of touch with the mainstream of the population. That there is, like Jesse Ventura said, the social issues, the public, for the most part, doesn't want to repress people on social issues. They want to basically let people do their own thing. The richest in the economy, the richest in law enforcement, the richest in the important things that have to do with the quality of life. They're not interested in sticking and nosing everybody else's business. I think both political parties pay pay, you know, pay a function and, and, and the whole, the whole issue of, you know, one. You said they're both full of crap. 560, 560, 560, on the 182, wireless line. That's what Jesse Ventura said. They're both full of facts. So let's have somebody else. And we're not talking about Donald Trump either. That's sad. See, that bothers me. But, you know, I think he's just playing his game. I think he's just doing all about it's window dressing. And, like he said, when it comes to the last few months before, it's that he's getting involved now. Then maybe he'll surprise the hell out of him. In which case, I'll go vote 400 times easy. Here's my any, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Any obligatory talk to you, man. I'll let you show you every morning. All right. Point on the Cuban thing. My mother is very into the political scene. And she's very disgusted by what they did. I'm very disgusted. I'm a Cuban. I was born here in America. Right. I think they should have taken that aggression and used it 40 years ago when it would have met something now, it's too much too late. Mm-hmm. They're just blowing hot air. I mean, throw on rocks and bottles that people are trying to go to a music country. I mean, what kind of balls does that take? It's ridiculous. It really is. Okay, pal. Thanks, man. I'll stick to you. See. There you go. See we're getting some living and breathing on humans. We know you're all listening out there. Every guy there, money. We know you're out there. This guy was great. And his mother is great. You're on it, too. That's right. No, seriously. I mean, most of these people, and then like I said, it's so sad. Stereotypes. It's every group. You name any stereotype to me, whether it's Jews, we're supposed to let all or I have big noses and rich. What? That's you. Oh, I have a big nose and I'm rich. Well, I'm figuring that used to be. How about my nose? I mean, what kind of crap is that? And there you go. And, uh, blacks. All, uh, you literally need a lot of watermelon and chicken. Moving right along. No, seriously. Every guy there in the individual in this country who's a member of any mind already group suffers from ugly goddamn stereotypes. And we had that call from that, uh, the laundry had before the Saudi rate, but whatever the hell I was talking about about how he ate all Cubans and then he finally, well, he doesn't hate, he doesn't hate the Cubans himself. He hates what these people are doing. This small handful of malcontents, professional crap distribbers. That's what they are. Professional goddamn crap distribbers and the media in this town and the politicians don't have the ball to say that. That's the problem. Because they're panoring to something that doesn't exist. Those old goddamn Cubans, they don't buy the money here old. They wouldn't wipe their goddamn back down with the Harold. But they keep panoring and panoring and encouraging it and loving it and suck it up to it. And oh, yes, we understand that the exile community exile my ass. How can you be an exile community 40 years later? That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of in my life. So I call it the Palestinians, the exile community, even in spite of your anti-Semitic leader. They're landback, will you? No. Finder's keeper is okay. Losers, sloppers. That's what's all. That's what all those big nose do say. Here's Halandale. Hello. Hello, dude. Good morning. Yes, sir. Good evening. Good evening, Anthony. You know something I was working in the arena. And I was going to test you at Gary and see if there was ship in the men and buses and guess who I sure enough. There will all be ship the buses. You're shipping who went? The older people, the older Cubans. What do you mean the people of protestors? Yeah, yeah. Right. Well, coming in and buses, nobody came like from their own free will. They had to come in and buses and they were like very apparently organized, but it wasn't organized. So another thing. I sure do how I want to drive in that neighborhood, you know. Another thing. Are you going to actually finish the interview from the district of insurance? Yeah, George brings the magazine back. I loaned my playboy. Oh, it isn't here. I got it. No, I'll do tomorrow. I'll do tomorrow. So which I would stick you, uh, pages. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, he wasn't reading the article either. Believe me when I said he wasn't here yet. I mean, the phone's arrived yesterday. It's stretching in here. It's 100 degrees. And he's sitting in there pouring over to pictures and playboy. That's how the best I could say. Of course, if we ever got any good mail pornography here, I might do the same, but we, uh, the stuff we get is crap. Wouldn't touch it with your hand. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. All right. You forgot to the cheap. You have a quick ride. All right. Listen, seriously. The, um, the problem with people like just even to her. And that problem that he's bad. I like him. I agree with him. And the problem with people like you and me and George. The thing is that, because we really don't care about other people's business. When that out there making noise, but you have a small percentage of people making the noise, you know, the more the whole more majority thing. But I really believe most people today and age are, are agree with just even to her. Right. And don't agree. Like I'm also Cuban Americans. Right. From Cuban to set. And I don't agree with the real, uh, right wing Cuban, uh, Cuban, uh, exile groups, what they do here. You know, yeah, okay. I'm not going to go over there and patronize the Castro and give money. But I'm not going to start doing crazy acts of because there's some musicians that want to come and play music. Give us crap on my part. All right. Who cares? And the thing is nobody has balls in, uh, do you know what Cocoa promise and Coral Gables in Miami? One of the richest neighborhood is one of the richest little communities. And the other house, there are $1,000. I learned very, very close to the, not close enough, but very close. Right. And the, uh, like the leaves, like the main dive of the association, O.J. was looking for houses there and they just flat out told them, no. They said, we don't want you here. And they, they showed balls. And I live in the Grove. And if he started clicking around the Grove at one more time, I'm going to start going to all the real estate places in the Grove and say, Hey, if you guys sell a house or show a house to O.J., We are not going to patronize your real estate establishment because he's a murderer. Good. Forget that. Black or whatever. Anything. Just a murder. Good. We don't want him here. Amen. I love you. Okay. Yeah. Seriously. We just, we don't want you here. We want you out of here. You know, maybe you and Roy can't even load for something. And, you know, pack your sandwich and get out of here. We don't want you here. That's the overwhelming majority. And it's not just the arrogors or a couple of people on the radio. And it's not just this guy and every place is murdering bastard has looked to try to buy a house And by the way, how is he buying a house? If supposedly he, you know, has to pay the civil judgeman all his money to the Browns and the Goldman. How is this man looking where millionaires are living to buy a house with what money? With what income? Would that measly pension he claims he gets from the NFL? Well, what kind of money have you got to be able to buy a $8,900,000 house? But regardless of how much you got, we still don't want you here. And Jesus Christ, this thing today in the paper, this is like a nightmare that you never wake up from. Thank you Sam and Roy. Thank you so much. As the embarrassment just continues, and of course you know, damn well, now that this picture in full color was in a hero this morning. And they, they, they, they, they should anyway. It'll be circulated all over the world again. It just keeps going on and on and on. And of course, if we had a radio station here with management that was just a little bit more involved in knowing what was going on. Instead of having all these misfits with their own little empires, this never would have happened in the first place. If we had a place that was structured like a real business here instead of somebody's personal play toy, that's the biggest problem here. How many? And you know something? I'm so glad that I've been talking about that for two years. Over and over again, Greg and his played by his buddies in the sandbox. And boy, did we pay a wicked price for it? We're still paying for it. We still look like a bunch of fools. And here it is. It's a 12th of October. And we're still trying to put back together the pieces of our center one campaign. Because we had a promotion department that was more interested in schmoozing and hanging around with. And using as a weapon against us, OJ Simpson, because he's a celebrity, as opposed to doing a job that we need to get to them stuff done. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. Thanks to this place. Thanks to the same radio station that two years ago didn't do our center one CDs because that was not an area. And because of the fact they didn't want to put up the front line. And imagine anybody anywhere in America working for a more embarrassing company than this one. Can't imagine it. They have no shame. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you want your doom. With the vaccine on your chest and go through to my killings. Just as we don't do our best. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. We're going to blow almost the whole month of October. Isn't that what they say? The jungles of Africa is it done yet? 102. Like is it 2.0. 102. If 5.60. WQA. It's our big one. The two hour. We got hangover. We're going to get cool city. Here's a call from Naples. Hello. Yes sir. I'm caller. You're the greatest man. I think I figured out what Jimmy Johnson's problem is. Life. It doesn't matter if Dan Reno gets the Super Bowl ring this year or not. Because when he retires, he's going to fire Jimmy Johnson. Take his job and end up with a Super Bowl ring anyway. He's going to fire him. Well, they're going to fire him. And Dan Reno's going to take his place. Yeah. And he's going to Super Bowl anyway. If he's on the field or not, he's still going to get it. I think Jimmy needs to ring in his nose. Maybe he's what he needs to. I think more in his rectum than his nose. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kyle. What do you say Jimmy? He's an asshole. Thank you. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Very, very sad that some people in positions of authority can't take responsibility for their own actions for their own failures. Right Jimmy? I do you agree. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. I'd like to ask you a question. Because for my knowledge, I don't know. Is there is some legal aspect in respect to very responsible old people and many persons in front of a manifesting? In other words, they're figuring protesting the foreign bottles. Have the people that are going to be. Yes, it is against a lot of trouble bottles that anybody sure it is against the law. So why is it in baby? We move those practices from there. I let the people who wanted to see these musicians, whoever they are and whatever they're coming from. So who cares? Well, they removed some of them. I think four people went to jail and I don't know. It's a good question. I have no idea why they didn't move more people. You didn't want to start a bigger scene than they're already. I have no idea. You have to ask the police. I believe that as long as you have the black and pinnettlers and roll-off and anything like that. You know that were brought to Miami by people like Mass Canosa. Which is I understand that this man can also become a millionaire here. But he was nobody in Cuba. Right. And the nobody. Okay, thank you. He was great. You were great sir. You know, it's a miracle. You can't say bull crap on here. But you were right on target. I scone sir. He said bull is within S.H. I would like to let him continue. But unfortunately he said magic word and grouch your marks. Watch the duck come down. 560, 560, that's in case both of the brands are ways to come in there. It's a car store broken to I don't know. Oh, he didn't come yesterday. He didn't come yesterday. He was out. That's why. You're what? Well, I mean, you're falling into the scene. I can call and I was going after a fashion. Yeah, the inside phone. Yeah, we got all kinds of technical problems. We seen our program director General Manager there. No, they're in budget meetings. That's right. They're in budget meetings. We're trying to figure out how to pay John Henry and Wayne. So Greg, he's got them a sports club going here. Well, I must be a loser. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. You know, everybody here, but he keeps on talking. It was 100% wrong for the rioters. I mean, for the protesters to throw any bottles on your rocks. And I'm fully in agreement with that. I was born down here. My family's Cuban. I've been down to Cuba. And I've seen how it is easy for a lot of the listeners to call and say, you know, they have computers there. They have TV's. Those are only single families that have that if that. And if they're looking up for the families down here, they'll afford to bring it down there. People down here have no idea how bad it is on there. Yeah. Okay. Well, let me ask you this, okay. You know, because of our geographic location, I guess we're supposed to care. But there are a lot of places in the world that people came here to escape. That where the conditions are as bad or worse than the R&C Cuba. And yet we don't have people disrupting the community blocking traffic. Terrorizing their local people to want to go to a concert. It doesn't exist here. It's only this one group of old and mouth contents who continue to dividing this community. Agreed. But what I'm saying is this, okay. A lot of the Cuba is down here, especially myself, feel that they built a lot of software, which is, which is true in a way. Okay. They did build a lot of it. And they see our people, for example, being shallow water cannons from the Coast Guard, trying to enter the home of the brave and the free and so forth. Okay. But then they see Clinton sending our troops to get a sack. You know, murdered, you know, in other wars, without even helping us down here first. I mean, how helping us do what? Well, no, what I thought, how helping us do what? What I was doing. What I thought was to do. What I saw in that concert wasn't just rage. I also saw a lot of desperate people who just did, I mean, that I looked at what is it that they're desperate about. Are they missing any meals? No, the younger people that were there, okay. Were there just for the violence. And I totally agree with that. But the only people that were there have family down in Cuba. And they know how it is. And they're like getting zero help from that. Yeah, people down there, Neil, that are starving. Well, wait a minute, if anybody suggests that we let the embargo, then those same people you're talking about have an ever spraped down. So when you say those people are getting any help, I don't know what you would like the president to do. Susan Bargo. Agreed. Well, what is he supposed to do to pass the bus? What's going to make these people happy? We're certainly not going to declare war on Cuba. Well, I mean, he's obviously, he's obviously got a poem down here now in Florida, because this is why I got a problem with one. This right that happened in the arena. This is this only the beginning. A lot of violence. Well, what did he say? What did he say? How did he do with the rock group playing with music? What did that have to do with president Clinton? What did I have to do with Washington? Because as I see nobody is doing anything about what's happening. Look, Neil, I'm an American. Okay, like you are so forth. Okay, and we have a lot of Cuban Americans down here who have families down to the starving. Okay, if you've got that happening, Clinton is not doing anything about that. But you're keep going around on a circle over and over again. And what were you walking to do? Would you like him to lift the embargo? Something's got to be done. Okay, thank you. I'm going to show you three words you can't say here. Lift the embargo. You can't say that down here. Cominista, Cominista, Cominista, Cominista, Cominista, Cominista, Maricum, Bulgarón. Bababa, bababa, and it's a... So what would you like him to do? And I understand your frustration, but you're not giving me an answer. All right, let's see Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. Oh, right. I took a call from the East London. They said the future means Brad's home, me. Now I can't get no job. Cause I have to cut no business. I've spoken like a non-negro. You've all the next talk they have this way. Now I can't do nothing. But the heritage say is that okay. Change my name to shoe flow. Try to do set the code of handicap. Like. I remember when I was stealing. Hold the weapon, cause hanging outside. The building there, bar, ground the blues out, bar, the deep. Why there was got no job. Holy is time is fast. So if I'm a consumer, not the change, now I'm fast. Got to go with cell mode, record it. Practicing, record it. Practicing, record it. Practicing, record it. Practicing, record it. Practicing, record it. Not even a bar is a song. If I'm an explain to the sound of Sunday, Got nothing to do with the rest see. Now I got to make no money. They have a fool sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. If I'm a great get me anywhere. Maybe I'll look at the old white bitch. Feel a thirst and full of hair. Then I go to take so many. My stereo and the fridge is dead. I remember when I was stealing. Hold the white man's glass. Hanging outside. The building there, bar, ground the blues out, bar, the deep. Why there was got no job. Holy is time. So if I'm a consumer, not the change, now I'm fast. Got to go with simple cracklapet. Practicing, record it. Practicing, record it. Practicing, record it. Practicing, record it. Practicing, record it. So how Anthony be doing, by the way, see, I don't want to make fun of people are I'll be right away. But it's embarrassing and it doesn't do justice to people. There is no such name as Anthony. I mean, don't tell anybody that. But there's no such name. Just like there's no such name as laughing there. Anus. Now there's so called the Verdius. Cools that got busted up and tell a hassle from MFSU with the Peter Warwick. They keep calling him the Verdius. And I guess that was supposed to be his name. The only problem is if you looked at the spelling of that name. No, L-A-L-S. L-A-V-E-R-A-N-E-U-S. That's why I call him labor-anus. Verdius. L-A-V-E-R-A-N-E-U-S. Labor-anus. I mean, at least if you're going to keep multiplying and have babies. At least know how to spell their name, right? And then maybe how to pronounce it. You know what I'm saying, Anthony? Here's Miami. Hello. Anya. Yes, sir. A parent to Cuban. I was born here. And I'm totally embarrassed by this whole thing. Sir, come size. Yes, sir. All right. You haven't stood in two. Oh, my God. Well, nobody's perfect. I don't understand why they let these people assemble. They don't have permits. And the companies stand around and let them get away with it. And as long as they allow them to do that, they're going to keep coming back again and again. Political pressure, man. That's what it's called. I guarantee there are plenty of cops that are spinning blood that would love to break it up and put an end to it forever. But political pressure. And you know who all the politicians are in date County. Yeah. And we're the laughing star of the nation. Everybody's looking at us and go, look at those people. They're going to look at those people out there. And it's at the handful. And I get that call that said, it's just the old people only. And soon they're going to expire and everybody's going to forget about it. That's not true. Because there was a lot of younger people out there. There's a couple of makers. Yeah. And they just go out there to see if they can mix it up. And you know, get that way. Yeah. Yeah. Get their face in the news. And you know, just just exillion. And there's just no excuse. And I don't know what what they can do about it. You know, because they just sit around and just keep letting it go on and on. And it's just, it's never going to stop. I think there's a three word answer to the problem. I know I didn't move to Broward. That's what I think you can do. Yeah. Okay. Hang in there, pal. Thanks. That's about the one thing we can do. And then people say, oh, but you ran away from the problem. Well, if I could have solved the problem, I mean, I tried for out how many years on the air with my little, a puny voice. Did it do any good? No. No. I've been looked right there in candle for five years. Then I heard that OJ might move in about 20 years later. I said, I think I better get out now while I get in good. When I heard that. Oh, it was moving in. So you people down there in a hammock. I just, you know, if you missed a story on the news, which I can't imagine how you could because it's on a front of every goddamn newspaper. It's ever been invented. And channel seven is running at nine one one call about every 13 seconds over and over and over again. But, you know, which is fine. You know, you get it. You might as well milk it because after all, he'd be a real big celebrity. Just like every notorious murderer, I guess. Here's the rail. Hello. I knew good afternoon. Yes, sir. A couple of things. I'm going to try to get through this as quickly. Okay. Let me give our friend to Tony today. I plug for thank you for the lunch by the way. Go ham, sir. Okay. First of all, radio stations and types people to go. If you, if you're in a language stations, right? Yeah. No, no, right, right. The Spanish stations. Right. If you understood Spanish and you watched the Spanish stations on TV, interviewing people going in. They were all. Telling people why they shouldn't go in instead of just asking what your opinion. That's another thing that they do. The journalists are not supposed to do. They do that in the Latin stations. They were telling the, wait a minute. There's a people from the Spanish speaking media were telling people not to go in. No, not to go, not that. They were in the first getting the opinions from the people going in. Right. Then when they would say, oh, because I have a right to go. And it's a freedom of social. Then they would turn around and say, but don't you know that there are people that, you know, they're dying in Cuba, they're suffering. And this is a Castro band. Oh, wow. So what's your opinion on that? And they would say, well, but because I have a right to listen to music. Yeah. They didn't really want their opinion. They were just trying to, they would debate and can they would do what they would ask their opinion. So that then they can go ahead and say something against it. Yeah. They do that. They do that. Another thing is, if you don't, must be laughing. Every time something happens here, he must be laughing. He is. You know, wouldn't it be better if we wouldn't pay attention to anything that goes on? Don't talk about it. Maybe he'll be a little bit pissed off because no one's giving a crap about, you know, him and what's going on? Yeah. So another thing. Sure. I better for us. Now another thing that doesn't make him look bad, it makes us look stupid. Right. Now another thing that the Spanish media said was, why don't, why doesn't a Nazi band go into my music and play? Why doesn't the Ku Klux Klan go into Liberty City and do something there? Well, the answer is, there isn't any interest for these two, whatever association to go into these communities. The band came here because there is an interest. There's at least a 40% interest, you know, for the band to play. And to be in the Klan Marges, like again, this wasn't a march in the middle of somebody's neighborhood. It was not a concert that you had a pay for a ticket, so see, you could go or not. It was up to you. Right. And then the last thing I'm going to say is, look at this baseball team. The came over and played in Baltimore. Right. They, the Cuban people here got on the buses and went all the way to Baltimore to protest this team. Right. And then before that, when the team went over to Cuba and people were mad here because he went to Cuba, guess what? Every single Cuban person watched the game on TV. Absolutely correct. Okay. Thank you, Neil. Have a nice day, man. Thanks a lot. And then games in the junior pan and games that we get those. No, date County wasted $440,000. Somebody's tax money. They're promote for the junior pan and games. And then all of a sudden they found out that Cuba was going to supposedly have athletes in it. And everybody in date County went, oh, they're here. They're here. They're a little parent on one of Mayor Pingo shoulders all the time. He's on one shoulder and one, maybe, yet he's on the other one. Little, uh, birdie on a shoulder. Oh, no, we can't have that. That's the way as a result. The senior pan and games, which is a major event with it means millions and millions of dollars to the community. They said, no, we're not going to go there. We're never going to go there. Don't even waste your time making a bid because in the future they're going to try to make a chance in hell. We're going to come to a place like that. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. All right. Exactly. So, you know, you're not accomplishing anything with Castro. All you keep doing is dividing the community and burusing us, making us look worse and worse and worse. And it just never seems to end. And like I've said before, if those of us in English radio got on the year. And we did things that would cause disruptions in the community. And we encourage all kinds of civil disobedience. We'd have to answer the FCC for that. I mean, we got to answer the FCC just for a stand crap on a radio because somebody doesn't like us. But if we get on the year and we encourage civil disobedience, then we're going to have our feet feet held of the God damn floor. But Spanish language media, they basically do whatever they want. And they know they can get away with it. 560, 50560, pom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen, Neil. I'm a second-size Cuban Jew. Do I have the right to complain? Oh, go ahead. They did something that's not very nice and the same for Roger. Okay. Great call. Was that a great call? No. But, sir. 560, pom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. But he's got a big nose and probably cheap too. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hi there. How are you today? Okay, sir. I apologize. I have a swift road and don't feel that direct. Okay. So, a couple weeks ago three weeks ago, I think you were referring to the University of Miami as me. For a tunes, which I've heard you say that. You're many, yes. And I know why because you had a bunch of thoughts on that. Why Jimmy Johnson put the cone in her cones, that's right. But I don't exactly understand your statement right after that was talking about Mike and Luther. King, why did you use that statement? Because it's a joke. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about them. It's not a lot of work. Well, they knew with you. I've been saying that for many years too. Yeah. I'm sorry. I have to lighten up a little bit. I got to keep telling my dark and plug the friends. Lighten up just a little bit. Who appreciates? I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about them. The world is not all about you sir. Or me either. It's about the whole world. I'm not the question. What do you have to do originally started to take? What year did I start? I was in the evening. I know that. No, it was not. No, 76. I was, the 76. 1976. Okay. Thanks for your time. And have a great day. Okay. Without an evening it was 3 to 6 pm and then it became 2 to 6 pm. And then after 2 years of work in real cheap for Eucola, Catsin, Tyne and Sid Levin. I said, thank you. Bye-bye. Longest. Well, never forget that day. I know I've said this a million times, but it's so embarrassing. You know, people with a lot of money that treat you like a living. Like you call a Catsin, Tyne. She's dead anyway, so this is making a difference. And I'm in the old flagship bank. They were an alt and wrote in Miami Beach. Cash in my paycheck. $225 a week gross and it was gross, baby. And I'm standing a line on Payday. Cash in my check. And there's Eucola, Catsin, Tyne. The owner of the station. We just had this big picture of her late husband, Frank Catsin, Tyne. After whom the station KAT was named. And she's in a couple people in front of me in line. She sees me in turns. And the weather's all kneel. It's paid. Did you feel rich today? And I said, no, not quite Mrs. Catsin, Tyne. Almost, but not quite. $25. Bitch. How about now? A little more. A little more so than then. Even though she was very nice compared to these people. But I'll still take their money. $26 after one. And believe me, I'm not here because I work for nice people. I'm here for the money. And very proud to tell you that. I'm a lunge, so you're so big. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Forward. Side. Oh, you. John, Rainbow Still The Live. I want to make movies for his five. I like to go a great plan to Hollywood's growth. I was fortunate to be a speaker like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why my penis and another have a groove. Rainbow 2 was an 85 length. Rainbow 3 was an 88. True is. And so is my gun. I just not know if this movie would be my son. The M.S.A.C. He was in Rocky 5 and daylight in Colombe. A little bit of cash is what I need. I got to get a loaf on the pile, please. I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. I get no body at this top line. And we're still doing it. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is Jennifer Blayvin. Oh, yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rainbow Forward 5. I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. So I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. And then I got a bag of burgers and movies for Broadway show like the Netherlands. I get nobody ever saw a cap like that. It was stupid, so I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is Jennifer Blayvin. I need to make remo, boring. But I'm losing. Absolutely. All right. 133 at 560WQ. And I don't understand where I would Martin Luther Cooke made you. I mean, at least I respected enough to take off that weekend from work. Anybody else take off here that day from work? No. By the way, Carlos, our receptionist, I didn't realize that she that he was on a morning show. Is that the same? He's on a morning show on Power 96? I told you that a while ago for a while though. Carlos is on the waschvogryphan on that show. He did a cameo and he was a hit. It's a hit. So in other words, he was in there which was Gryphan and Rupal and you wonder about Kevin Spacey ran out? Come on, Kevin. Back in a closet, sweetheart. I'm sorry. He's in. He's out. He's all over the place. But I can understand why he ran out. Well, I mean, unless once you get to know Carlos, as long as he doesn't want to show you his 18 appears parts. Look, he did that one day. He shaved you know. I don't want to hear about it. Okay. The thought of seeing, oh, right in the middle of my lunch, no less. Here's Daniel. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm calling the response of some of the people that were on a show before. Yes, sir. I guess people forget the history from 1939 and 1942. In 1950s, I was in two, try to get into Cuba. There were quite a few ships. Some of them paid up to $1 million to go to Cuba. And when they got there, they didn't let them in. In other words, they kept them on a boat for three weeks. I was a teenage. You mean, like the St. Louis, they're trying to get in here and they went in and Roosevelt was saying back up to have a house. What's outside in the concentration camp, you know? Yeah, and they had alcohol there in the Mafia and prostitution and everything. Right. No problem with that. But they need to do with doctors and scientists. And they sent them out and then when they came to Miami, they put water hoses on and too. So, no one, uh, rebelled with that. Well, what does that have to do with this? I don't understand what's going back in history. We're not living in ancient history. We're living now, but have a nice life looking back in history. I mean, you know, there's truth in what he says. But what does that have to do with the price of peanuts now? Absolutely nothing. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. What have they continued for to the Cuban says, exiles? Because it's a catchy phrase, I guess. I don't know. It's me. They're not really exiles. I don't know that we have exiles. No, they left their own accord. They're not exiles. It's just a political, you know, it's politically correct in date counted. Call those old farts. I mean, you call them Cuban old farts would be more accurate. Oh, the media should be calling them. It's a political thing. The politicians invented it. And the media very obediently said, oh, yeah, that's a good part. Let's keep saying that. Right. And what about Thomas Regalato and some of these other Miami commissioners, so in their faces, it's just a drapsu. It's just great. It's disgusting, but it's not going to change. I mean, they got there. They're decoupling by the balls, man. They own it. They're getting some taste time. Why don't they ask Thomas Regalato about his gas card? Yeah, there you go. Good point. And one final thing. I give guess when I see him. Yes, who chop me? Hey, but, okay. Good, good job, Tuniel. I was excellent, yeah. That was beautiful. I did the job form there. You didn't have to do it with a little bleed. By the way, how's line for coming? Hey. I started favorite chon here on WQA M, baby. No extra charge. You won't find that anywhere else. Even 14,000 on a dial, whatever that thing is. We up there at the end. 2900 on the AM dial. Come on, one more time. I don't hear it. There it is. Okay. And you noticed by the way, it's part of all a buried jackass is worst efforts. Nobody anywhere is talking about that Phantom Sports Station. It's part of Gregory Pean and his pants for two, three weeks over there. Here's Wes Kindle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Mr. Neal. I'm just looking at the newspaper here today. And I see a Mr. Roy Foster with the Rol. That is correct. We're continuing to be reimbursed and mortified. Yes. And you also see Mr. Sam sitting on the left. Yes, sir. But what I want to say is that he used to be here. But he's not. Wait, what happened to your phone? I don't know. We have it to our phone. Okay. There you go. Okay. Mr. Prady or Mr. Prady. What's going on with Guerrero? I'm Prady now. Now, I'll need now. Okay. 560, 560, 560. 560. Well, you know, you have to look down to see it when you're original with it. You know, that's why he kept coming and going to the Speak. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Yeah. We see the picture. Thanks again, not to the Harold. Pulled color this time. We just spared our French and Broward County. They cry. I guess they thought that I wouldn't see it, huh? They figured, wow, we'll show. We'll make Rodgers think that we do it in a favor of a Read and I've, and we'll crop the pictures so that's same and Roy Don't appear in that, and the, here and the, a Broward Edition in the Harold. But then in the data edition, there it is. Full color on a front of Section B that infamous picture at The Aster. You know, that's one, that's one thing about restaurants and South Beach over the years. The Ford, Joe's, the Aster. Some of the most objectionable people in the history of the human race have died in one. I'm not saying that, you know, they should be kicking them out. But nevertheless, they've died at some of those very famous restaurants. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Oh, baby, come play with these titties. George Bush said that his nose is clean and never puts up in it. Cut these running for the White House, so he just carried his name. So drunk and that's not all even down a few people. He's a comedy, drunk with you, he even dropped some massive poo. Why will George just come out and simply say he did it? He prepared the crap with Shucks and Mouse. So the funny here got them to say he did more than watch your thing. But he watched it tell the same. And he preferred cocaine to Hush. That's the question that he does. And he naked quite much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. But he wants a tube of ease. That he didn't do anything. George Bush and that his nose is clean and never puts up in it. So he just carried his car, he's running for the White House. So he just landed in the dirties, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty. One of the most big of a real by the way, 143 at 5.60 QAM. So anyway, somebody's back says, me some astonishing thing here from a college. Not a high school, not a grade school, a college English textbook. Non-stated forms of regular verbs. Many people have grown up in communities where non-stated forms of verbs are used in everyday speech. Instead of saying, for example, that looks tired. A person using a community, that girl looks tired. A person using a community dialect might say, that girl tired. Instead of saying, yes, today I fixed the car. A person using a community dialect might say, yes, today I fixed the car. Now, wait till you hear this. Community dialects have richness and power, but are a drawback in college and in the world of work, where real English verb forms must be used. Regular, real, honest, accurate, glittering. Are you ready for that? That girl tired. How about shibitire? That girl shibitire. And then community dialects, as opposed to standard English, where we say, I do, or we do, there's I does. I mean, this is in a textbook, community English. This is what your country, this is what your government is putting out, okay? Community English. This is just like, bubonics all over again. Attempting to legitimize illiteracy. Rather than saying, oh, we have to teach all people in this country to speak the accurate, regular forms of English. No, this is community English, which certainly has a richness. Doesn't it? Don't you feel a real richness when you go into convenience or somebody saying, hey, I need to ask you a question. Shut up, what devil. Dad, don't you feel certain richness in your rectum when you hear that? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line? Trying to new tactic, I guess, huh? Didn't work. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? You're defiable, by the way, yes, sir. I'm a Cuban, Cuban descent, American born, and I'm still trying to get over the shock of this past weekend. But, you know, what gets me is a lot of these protesters have been subsidizing the Castro government for years by sending money to the relative there. So much so that they've adopted the dollar currency. And yet, these are the same people that are calling for an end to the embargo, but here we are. We're creating a, we're ending the embargo ourselves by giving them the means to purchase whatever it is that they need. I don't know why you say they're calling for an end to the embargo. They don't want to end to the, I mean, they're calling for the embargo. But we're pretty much ending it by sending money to our relative there. Well, it's there. They're into the embargo. In other words, they're going to pick into the side. If it's for their relatives and their people, and it's okay. And it's like, it's like the mentality about freedom of speech. If it's something that they agree with, then it's okay. Freedom of expression, music, whatever. If it's something they like, then that's freedom. But if it's something they don't like, then you can't do it. I'll tell you, 1993, I was in Cancun and I saw the lowest band bands performing there in Cancun. I've got a family member that dissociated with the group somewhat. And these guys don't know anything, but music. And that's all they do. They're basically maybe two steps up from a literacy. They can read music one they can't words. Right. And that's what they're all about. It's just music. And you know, I didn't hear any reports. Then the political speeches were made inside the arena the other night. All of these are playing music and people danced. In 1993, these musicians got paid a $30 per DM and they hardly ever split the profit. And that's basically all they want to do. It's a vehicle. So let me get out of the cube. Get out of the repression and just enjoy life. And that's basically all they do. And you know, just, you know, for it's kind of scary. I think it post-castrocubler because a lot of these people that claim to be so free of oriented are just going to repress anybody has a different point of view. You've got it. Okay. That's all I got. Have a good day. Thanks. 560. I worked like crazy to do it, but we finally got some great response here today. How about that? Yes. I realize that a lot of you people here in the alley, you want to sit in the back and figure this a long way, but it doesn't go away. And it's bad. Maybe it'd be bad if it'd be real bad. If you'd bad for getting everybody getting along. And you people in Spanish language radio, so you may be a few at some listeners out of the edge of a hundred, but of course, the people out of the edge of a hundred are interested in that same old tired communist the crap that you keep peddling out. So that's the way you have to survive is by sacrificing the entire community in our image all over the world so that you can survive. Really tragic. Here's Kendall Homovo, Jay. Hello. Glad you finally got to me. Yes, you four. Okay. Did anyway. By the way, a couple of points, a point number one, according to the Harold, the Miami edition. Yes, sir. She lives in the crossings. Right. I'm sorry. I said the hammocks. Yeah. We're going to get the hammocks. Because the hammocks district police is what responded. Why is it to the call? I apologize profusely. Okay. Those people who are getting ready to move out and have for sale signs. Exactly. It's a difference of 10 blocks anyway. Well, I know exactly where they both are. Okay. So that's number one. Number two, I know somebody who has access to the county computer and they put her name in there to try to get an address. And it doesn't come up, which means that wherever she's living, she's wanking. Okay. She's from California. She just came. She just become here with him. Right. So we can get her be kicked out of there. I want to. No. I was especially a pedo's hanging around there. And maybe there's some shady drugs stuff going on. Not that we know that. Exactly. We'll be checking it out. It makes a difference to me because now I know he won't be going to my public at least. But anyway. Not that you know. Well, about the whole Cuban thing and church going back to your last caller. You know, I was born here. My folks are both Cuban. Okay. My dad came over in 61. My mom in 64. They've never been to a single one of those protests. Okay. And when they see him on TV, all they do is they shake their head like same. They silly silly people when will they ever learn. Right. Okay. They're both citizens. And this idea about exile. Come on.