Sports Radio 516W 2AM Miami Force Waterdale presents the Neo Rogers show. Talk to Neo, call 567-0560 toll free, redane and rower, or pound 560 on your spellfall. The convenience of Neo, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM and easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Now, Neo Rogers on Sports Radio 560 2AM, drops the motion on its stern and also gets the hose again. Now, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo, come on, Neo Go, go, Oh king of theæ•…ians Why is your hand broken into theundy or something? I've been on show. Yeah, everybody's got it, baby. Everybody's stickering hell and food. Well, not really. Not sicker than hell, but one more day would have been good. Just another few more Ben drill and like stay another cover's all day. But they would have been real good. But I don't want to do that because I like showing up just out of spite, you know what? Seriously, over or year and one week, you have a missed, well, yeah, you missed the one day to go down and report to your illegal immigration thing there. And I missed one day sick. That's pretty pretty damn good. Oh, New York and Georgia, how do you like that? I'll tell you one thing. If we're going to press conferences, we can put on here today. Huh? This radio station runs more stupid, goddamn press conferences. Yes, they watched the first game. Okay, which was the first game, the jet game? And then I'm waiting, you know, so I go to the store in between and I'm getting the car. And I'm assuming that we've got the Vikings game on Vikings thing, X game on. And do we have that game on, by the way, do we have it? Where the hell is the third? No, no. We got build press sales press conference on. And I'm swearing at the radio in the car, they get it. You know, first of all, when did this thing start with sports? Airvijock, airvij game. Airvij game because we got a ESPN. We have all these other media people that they have to satisfy. So now airvij game, the coaches got to come on. Some of the illiterate jobs they've got to come on. They have to be press conferences after the game. Used to be, I hate to break the news to you Virginia. Once upon a time, the only time there was a sports press conference is if there was like a major trade and a big name, player got traded or coach or manager got fired or something. Something that was like a major event. Not now, every single game there has to be a goddamn press conference, of course. We'll put it on here here. And my favorite part is like when you can't hear anything and a guy away in the back row saying, hey, hey, what are you talking about for a fool for you? Yeah, and for your life if they held a gun in your head, you couldn't tell anybody what the hell they were talking about. So maybe we can find some press conferences to stick on here today. No, how about it? By the way, I found myself a new vet and I'm not going to tell you who it is. It's got sources veterinary and by the way, in plantation, I think they're great. I think, but I'm not going to go on here yet and tell you because every time you get a new doctor, every time you get a new veterinarian, the first time you go every time, even the first time I went to the Israel, you put a pill back to right thought. Oh, what a great doctor. Until he kept saying, oh, oh, every time I had a, you know, a cold or a hang nail. And he turned out to be a real piece of crap. How about those dolphins, huh? They stopped. I told you, root for your team, baby. Hope like, Helen, and I watch them go out there. They stopped. And this is the plane and I'll show up. If you want to think about the other games this weekend, they were all competitive. Even Phoenix yesterday enormous underdogs against the powerful Minnesota Vikings, even the Cardinals put up a little bit of a battery yesterday, made it a respectable final score. Did the dolphin do that? No, they did not. This plane didn't show up. Well, it's where it goes. I'll let the other 20 hours of the day deal with that stuff. Favorite story of the weekend? Of course, father charged in death. I guess you have to be delicate to where you approached this story. You have to be a poor fear again of being called something. Water Hill man says baby cried too much. Well, she won't be crying anymore. I'll tell you that. Huh? At least if you're going to do something to solve a problem, make sure it works and it worked like a charm. In her eight months of life, C. or Woodstock's ultimate sin in the eyes of her father was crying too much. When she wouldn't stop wailing on Friday, her father, a theater or a gram well, you notice how he has a last different name than she does. There's an awful lot of that in America going around now, you know? Children who have last different names than their parents. Anyway, when she wouldn't stop wailing, theater or a gram well, struck her so hard with his hand that her hit hit the rails of her crib. That didn't stop the tears either, he later told Polis, you know, faces a murder charge. Oh! C. or as four-year-old Cistern tried to intervene and protect the baby from gram well, a construction worker. He cuffed the girl hard, leaving a bruise on her face, police said. Then, as an enraged gram well, 26 carried his client into the kitchen, he slammed her tiny hit into the wall, the blow that finally silenced the child, Polis said. Shut her up for good. Around 7pm Friday, gram well called the children's mother Wendy Woodstock 24-retter job. She met them in a parking lot of Markham telemarketing on West Oakland Park Boulevard a few minutes later, from their Woodstock got in the car and gave C. or a mouth to mouth resuscitation while gram well drove to plantations in general medical center. Once at the hospital, gram well abandoned C. or a and her mother. C. or was later transferred to Bargainville Medical Center in Fort Lottodale, where she died about 4am Saturday, she died from one trauma according to the Broward Medical Examiners Office about 9pm Saturday, gram well turned himself into the BSO. By yesterday morning, gram well was in the Broward County jail, charged with murder and aggravated child abuse. She has no prior rest record. Nor have there been any abuse investigations involving him, Broward Sheriff's Office, who said, Sheriff's Office handles all homicide investigations for Lotto Hill Police. Though gram well lives with Woodstock and has three children with her. They are not married. Gram well is married too, but estranged from the Rina Alicia, Bram well of Lotto Hill. Okay. What did I tell you? A forest sterilization baby. That's the only hope for the human race. Forest sterilization. And maybe somebody in the audience this morning, George can make a smart. Okay. We got that great story on the BO lady at the local library. I'll kind of go to crack going on. But what the hell is rent? I asked George that this morning because I thought to me, well, I'm at old fart. I'm way out of touch with his generous today. Thank God. I'm not touching it. Crowds rush for low rent tickets. And I looked at George and he looked at he like, like, what? I guess I'm at old fart too. And I said, the play, the play, the play, baby, the play. As Joe name of the potato, the play. We'll do anything for rent tickets. Here's a big article in the amyajagantic article with pictures. Here's this one girl. She's crying. She's hysterical. Star Hernandez, 18 of Western. She's in tears because they sold out the front row tickets right before her turn in line. She got shined in line. Waiting to see rent. What is that? I mean, I know what's it. We know it's a play. Well, what's the big attraction? It says it's big with a teens. It's like a cult thing with teenagers. Kind of like this generation's Rocky who are picture show. Is anybody in the audience? What it's all about? No. Come on. Let's go. Let's get with it. Let's for watching your life. Do something productive. Okay. And show that we got a crowd out there that knows something besides freebies. Then of course those panthers last night. Oh yeah. And we got asshole sucklings down there. I don't want to mention guilty again. I'll buy they went wet all at three on the road trip. They went on to feed it. I'm going to tell you something. If anybody in their life has ever seen a more boring sporting event. And that came last night. I mean, I didn't even need my benedrial. I pull me into a coma. That was one of the most puke inducing coma. Yes, it's nice to get the win in the two points, which they desperately need. And it's amazing to me that a team this mediocre that's playing this poorly, by the way, has got 38 points. I don't understand how. But anybody who could endure through that entire event last night, I congratulate you right now. I have to either it must have been a miracle or you have no life whatsoever. And speaking a lot of great hockey town this is. Meditors fall to the sea wolves for to one at the Miami Arena of attendance last night. 1,000 and 5. See you understand why I didn't want to be the spokesman for the Miami Meditors because I told him, Hey, guess what sweetheart, it ain't gonna fly. This is Miami, you're dreaming. One moment please. Where do you find ankle birds? Whiteberry, you got it. Hey, sports radio, 5.60 QAF. They went he has a pair. It works the lorsen in the basket. It makes it all off. It works the lorsen in the basket. It works the lorsen in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it works the lorsen in the basket. It doesn't have to hold the dog. It works the lorsen in the basket. It's what I have to get it. It works the lorsen in the basket. It's a rubber dog, but it works the lorsen in the basket. I have to try to eat my schizocait. It works the lorsen in the basket. I said, dog, well, I switched my TV and my legs. Oh, yeah, I like to dance around this way. Oh, me. I'm the lorsen quieted today. I'm the lorsen. I want to look for luck. The wolf. My name is Paparol Deo. It's the lorsen in the basket. It makes it more busier. It works the lorsen in the basket. Oh, my TV. It works the lorsen in the basket. Oh, but it does it. It works the lorsen in the basket. I got my schizocait on my glasses. So yesterday morning we put a seven of the football hockey my name. That was all over the screen. Some channel serving to find something that might be interesting these kinds of locking all are the senators who are jurors. Of course, the missing piece of the trial in the Senate, but nevertheless, ever talking head show. Here's these six senators. And here's another six over there. And just pat pat pat pat pat, just talking up a storm. Even though really you think that they are to keep it in a mall chair. But anyway, I come across an informer. I think it was on channel 7-4. Laser surgery. I would used to be called RK. What do they call it now? L-L-Something. I think they're two different things. Well, whatever it is. And who was on there as one of the guinea pigs, Mindy Lang from Magical 102.7. And they showed the entire thing about how, you know, when she went in there and was a little on the terrified side, which I think most people, if you have any kind of a brain, when they start doing the, when you go to the doctor, I have no problems, doctor. I've had plenty of blood taken out, shots you in there, but it doesn't bother me at all. But when they start asking, well, what would your eyes, your afraid to go, oops, because they don't have too many chances, you know. So anyway, they showed the whole thing, and she went in there and had the thing done. And like after, you know, and of course, what am I going to say about it? I'm just one of those people's very skeptical. I would like to take these glasses and throw them on a ground and stop on them, because they weren't glasses, I was like 13 years old, which is like way too long. And she said it was a piece of cake, and it was like painless. In fact, they showed her whole procedure. They showed the whole thing. And then she was sitting up at 10 o'clock, and it's later here, I can see fine. And then the next morning, she could see great. And she can see clearly now. She was dealing with Johnny Nash. She was singing it on magical 0.7, which is why they had no audience. But nevertheless, our own joke is done. Joe Dunnett and our own, what's his name? Joe Resol is, every time he comes in here, bringing me free stuff. He's always hyping me, oh, you got to get that done, because he's got somebody in the family, not locally. And that's somewhere in Maryland, I think. That does that. If you got to get it done, it works great, and you can throw away your glasses. Just maybe, maybe we'll have some people in the audience today, because I don't want to pressure them, because I know I ask an awful lot of tough questions here, and do we usually get a response on them? No, but just maybe somebody out there might know something about that. And whether it, and also whether it last, because I've had people say they've had that done, and then like, you know, a few years later, three, four years down the road, you have to do it again. Have you heard that from Aaron Joe? Okay, so, well really, did you have it done a second time? No? No? So then what do you think about it? I haven't had it done that. I could if I wanted to. Oh, I thought you said you did. You haven't done it? Had it done period? I had it done. Yeah. And my vision isn't like 20, 20, it's like 125. Oh, so what do you come, Jesus? What a nitpick, or what? Well, no, they offered to do it. What I, look, when I first came to work here, you couldn't see from here to your eye, and you couldn't see a damn thing. Do you have all kind of vision problems? Yeah. Yeah, and you had it done, and I can see 20, 25 is pretty than your perfect. Yeah. But the point is that they would do it for free again, even if I wanted it even better. You have something too, do you have the, a quad? A quad. Yeah, it doesn't need some, like, he's got the quad. He sounds like he's better. I had the quad. It's like going the way now. Joe Costello's had it too, and I got it. And everybody in the world has got it. And I'm taking my dog to the veterinarian, because he's got the pancreatitis. It's interesting, the vet that I used to go to, which I don't want to mention in the name on the ear, because I can't stand them like poison. But at any rate, you know, I took him there last Monday, as I reported here on the ear, what he was doing is bloody all over the place. And they don't really take it. They look at him. I mean, all I, well, here you go. And I left him there all day, and he still didn't do a damn thing. So Saturday I had more problems, no blood, but a little more problem, and he was out of sorts. And I went to Scott's Wortses vet, and they took all kinds of blood tests, and they did this, and they did that about a meat, but I'm gonna go, and he had pancreatitis, means that I'm playing and irritated the pancreas, for a little piece of crap. And now he's just fine. They give me different kind of dog food, and they give me some pills, and I took it in $40 bill, and I said, hey, you think he's worth $300 bucks? No. Here's a mobile and pump, no, hello. Mobile and pump, no. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Okay. Can you agree with you more on the boring ass panthers that we have to watch every week? That game last night, I mean, I can't imagine anybody stayed up. It was over by nine, but I was already almost in the coma. Yeah, I joined the club. I just wanted to win his Brian Murray, or he will grind me and pull the trigger to get a great day. We have an open line as Broward two and a day. A culo sports shows there that I'm not doing a hockey show. Don't you understand? I'm not doing a goddamn hockey show. Friday I was talking to you about stuff, having to do with a fan down here. The people down here, and they're trying to turn into a hockey show. What I did want to try to do hockey shows that other times, and that I couldn't buy a call for a million dollars. Now this guy wants to hank me trying to come up Brian Murray. OK, you're stuck with him, or you're stuck with him with his brother the evil twin. Your stuck with mediocrity is what you got. OK. So just to get used to it and learn the sing all those songs. That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that. Learn how those good songs. OK, learn when to shout, learn how to dance, what they put you on the screen up there and how to good time. Two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, six, six, the and pound five, six, the on the mobile one line. What is with these people? OK, I'm going to say it again. The sports nerds, God, I hope God put that hex on a sports nerds. There's with their boring press conferences and their God damn odds. I never be sporting events that's ever been invented. And the stupid Mike Tyson fight that they're going to be paying 50 bucks again to watch. When will it ever stop? No. Jesus Christ, how many ears does he have to bite? How many women does he have to rape? How much does he have to act like an asshole before America's virulmen out there, stop wasting 45 and 50 and 60 and 100 bucks. To watch some big, a little with Jack ass kicked the crap out of some other little with less talented Jack ass will it ever stop. No. That's why there's an endless supply of these idiotic calls on this radio station 20 hours a day in endless supply, never stops. Hey, what are your thoughts? Why don't you be your take on that the ishbring mission in epsilonity game on Saturday? I'll give you your what's your take on that game? Do you think they're going to cover the spread? Cover this, OK? People who listen to sports press conferences need metal. So I'm going to tell you that right now. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, ma'am. Rent is a play about Bohemian life in Grinich village. It's on Broadway right now. Yeah. I saw an Auguster tax line, but it is a cult following. Well, what if teenagers that they know about Bohemian life in Grinich village? Well, it's about love affairs and aes and good songs. I don't know. It's a heads up tax for about everything. Well, like I said, no wonder all the teenagers are allowed to see it. Why should they be lined up to see it when they're all doing it? Exactly. I don't know, but if you go to New York, they'll scream every time each one of the characters comes on and they know every single word to every song. So it is like Rocky, a who were picture show. Yeah, it is. It's one of those. Great. OK, thanks for the ad news. Thanks. They were lined up 50 million deep baby and they were in tears if they didn't get their front row seats and they were hysterical overwent their rent. If you can't get it, rent it. That's what I always said. We have an open line in Broward 2 and Day 5, 6705, 6th and Pound 5, 6th. On the mobile one line. Cutlery, red, yellow. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how are you doing? OK. First of all, I have a comment and second of all, I would like to make a question. The first one, the comment is, I think there's something that a lot of us have overlooked and of course taken from granted. That's our partner. I think he has to be released. Sir, let me ask you a question. Yes. Why are you talking to me about this? Well, do I do a sports show? Do I give a crap about your punter? Do I care? OK. And the question is, where can we acquire the Russian rock? OK. We have an open line in Broward 2 and Day 5, 6705, 6th. Why don't you acquire a rocket in Europe? Back to sound to me. Like you already beat us to the pump. This guy's got a rocket in his rectum. That's gone, sir. Have a safe ride. 5605, 660, pump 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. I'm not going to be able to talk. No, I don't need to talk to the B.M. To the stick. No sports deal, please. But you're right about one thing, man. All the coaches and all the pre-game stuff. It's monotonous. Oh, my God. I'm nearly buddy in there, brother. We have to have every if they have pinocle tournament's. They have a press conference afterwards. And they have to talk about how they did this in the Tiddly Wings match. They did that. I'm telling you, man, all it is is just to fill up a lot of bed time. It is. And it cover every angle you like enough. And please put the game on the mighty. You were asking something about RK? Yeah. Okay. I had it done back in 90. And this was not the laser. It was with the, with the. But the this thing wasn't on RK. That was when he sliced your right. Exactly. That's what I have in my vision now on the left is 20, 25, and then the right is 20, 30, 10 years after the fact. I love it. It is pretty good. I had it down to 2015, unfortunately, it did regress. But those were the best times of my life going from coke bottle. It means absolutely picture perfect. Yeah. It was the best time of my life for those. One of the languages like coke bottles to be able to read the fine print of the bottom of the coke bottle. Anything past six inches from I know that was worried. Yeah. It was absolutely. I got that problem. Anything over six inches gets a little blurry. So let me tell you was like a newly found life right after the the the surgery and my eyes that he healed. Yeah, but that but that are kids where they do the little slice. Right, but you gotta know with the laser surgery, the same thing. They basically that the pattern on your eye all of the slide in your corny out. Yeah. But I think it's the same thing, but they don't use a scalp. It's the same procedure, but only with a laser. Yeah. And other words, the the radio incisions with a laser instead of a scalpel. So in other words, even with the laser that could go. Well, it's nothing's on the percent. They're always going to give you that little disclaimer there. You got a sign in case the guy's looking at me. See, that's the thing I just know. You know, but then doctors and guarantees they don't go in the same word. In the same way. My god, bladder surgery is supposed to be a piece of cake four days later. I thought I was going into the ground. Okay. Well, congratulations. One more thing. I was a little bit too young and I was getting a rest of, you know, receding the hairline. Yeah. I was going to get into the, you know, getting the, actually I did way back when get some get a get a, to pay. Yeah. One of those systems that they call it. The good thing is the bad thing is it does look good. However, when a girl wants to put her hands through your hair, you got to stop them. You don't want to say, hey, I'm a young god, but I'm more in the to pay. Well, I'll tell you the stick to the pew to carry on. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Day counties. Why don't you're this morning five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, five, sixty. I'm going to call it. We're going to get, forget about her. We'll get your book written down here for pound ninety six. Put a psychic curse. Some kind of a hex on the sports nerd. These one dimensional people with no lives. If I hear one more god damn stupid ass press conference on his radio station. I'm going to smash the smithereens out of my radio. I'm going to take a goddamn medex and just beat the crap out of the radio. I can't stand it. Press conferences by a little bit of a jackasses for a little bit of a jackasses with no lives. 26 after ten is five, sixty, WQN. It's grand hit god. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. I'm going to take a damn thing out of my radio station. After the five or six, you got to do one of those effects. This rent is just another cornball Broadway musical. I'll catch updated for the 90s. It is nothing to write home about. In other words, it blows. This is what it says. It went, blows. Also, there's effects. It's not an ENE biography, which I've already seen this one by the way, but it's okay. It's pretty good. Anthony Perkins, who wanted to see some of the effects, but I'd have clocked the night on ENE. I love the whole network. I love that show. But I have a piece of great show. I especially like when what's his name is on from a fish and impossible. What's his name? Peter Grape. Peter Grave. Peter Bolzer, something like that. Will Boca band be able to consider library hygiene rule? This is a great story. I'll say that for just a minute. It's the best. All based on this one, Nancy Nitzberg. Nitzberg. Oh, sounds Jewish to me. Didn't have any Jewish backlight he's doing. Here's Carl Springs, yellow. Carl Springs. Yeah, new. Yes, sir. My lobby. You spiked? Are you a lot of one? Oh. Speak to me, sir. Speaking of? Yes. Okay. Have a great life. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, the morning. Yes, sir. I wanted to speak to you about that laser surgery in the eyes. Yes. My mom had to have a gun, not because she wanted to because she had to. Yeah. She had to her retina separate. Actually, even shape of a horse you were going to with the doctor had said. Well, she had been lucky then. Oh, yeah, right? Isn't a horseshoe supposed to be for good luck like a poorly clover? Well, so they say. Oh. But in the meantime, I'm not going to that the retina was separated or torn as is what I should have said. She also had floters, which is crystallized liquid in the eye. Floters. Yeah, I have a flot. Right. Well, I have a couple as well. I have a flot. I've had all my life and if you're like lying out in the sun, it just kind of floats. Anyway, here at this station, we have a few floters. But anyway. Well, that's the point at any rate. The doctor said to her, well, they won't go away. And with this laser surgery, you will be able to see better. His vision became blurry at any rate. Revision improved maybe 1% of the virus remained. Yeah. And she's a misery. Why? Because she cannot see well and all she does is feel like pulling her eyes. So my only advice I can tell you, I've been listening to you for a couple of years now. Leave your glasses on. Don't worry about them. Enjoy the glasses, but don't do anything you made or regret later. Okay, excellent advice. Take care of yourself. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. See there you go. I'll take the easy boy out because he makes a very compelling case for maybe it'll work. And maybe you won't. Why risk it? The glasses aren't that big of a deal. And what difference is the glasses going to make with me? With an old, grotesque fart like me? Are they going to really make any difference at all? No, of course not. So what's the big deal there? But everybody's always trying to push you one of the stuff. Oh, yeah. It's a greatest thing in the world. And of course, many lines. She's probably making a few big bucks off of it. Why not? I don't big grudge here. Or anybody else that's a poem one over. I mean, that's a making a few bucks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line off to another. Siddilating start here this morning off to another creepy and crawling Monday morning start. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was walking the news last night and I saw a couple of things that made me laugh and think that it could be something good to tell you. Number one, Linda, writing our letters through the whole written text. And that's a simple morning for their trial, once for their trial. Who's writing letters? Linda Tripp. Oh, that is true. Yeah, he's writing letters to veterans. I have a few of your veterans that he's been for money or their defense fund on that trial that's coming up. Mm-hmm. And you used the money to buy some offense in? The other way, sir. The other way is the internet that has the book of visit and then when you connect to it, it's an adult and adult information use. And they are talking about banning it and they say that this respect to the proof that's no kind of crap like that. Yeah. All right, he's probably honest. He's no fact in the church. He's probably reading it every day. I have a great day, sir. Okay. Thank you. Okay. That takes you our calls for this Monday. Thank you very much. It's been nice being here. Could have stayed home and taken a couple more benedrel just slept all day long and waited for my left ear to pop open. All my life, it seems I spent about half of my time waiting for that left ear to open up. Remember I had those months and months? I mean, months with that financing, where that my left ear just would not open. It would just shut like, and it's not that bad now, but it's just annoying. Because you just know that it's part of this whole syndrome, which I know damn well. I got on a delta plane, by the way, on a delta plane about a month ago, a month and a half ago, on one of my many, many weekend trips. And on that particular leg of the trip man, I said to the ear, pushing through the events and that plane was so hot and so musty and so crusty was like, worse than that. It's like they had the tubes connected to the charcoal and the seats. And they were like pushing that through the man, warm and musty. And just just sitting at just when I got off the plane, I knew I was going to be sick probably for months from sitting there when I had God damn Delta plane, I just mentioned that in passing again, because they tend to really suck the big one. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I was laughing at the people that were saying that that Clinton was a father of that prostitute child. Because they were assuming that she was a virgin whenever I sexualized anybody else because what are the chances? Of him being the father. Yeah. Well, anyway, they pooms that he wants to be like George Washington. Yeah. So, when we were understanding Tom Harkin, a via was said at best this morning, he called the the pile of dumb and I said, let's hear it for Tom Harkin, okay? Who's the only guy in a whole con, which has ever got the balls. Remember when he ran from President and he said bull shot on the ear? And I thought, hey, here's the guy that actually opens up his mouth and says something. And after that, we never heard from him again. That was the end of him. Because in America, it's just like where you work most of you. You know, don't rock the boat, keep your mouth shut and God forbid you should open your mouth and really say something, so much you think. He said, this is a pile of dumb that the house is thrown over to us and it's a disgrace that said it went so on. And they're right. The same asshole that including Henry Hydenett, Henry Hydenett, Henry Hydenett was saying, oh, we don't have to have witnesses. What better record could we possibly have than all the grand jury testimony? We got Betty Curry, we got Vernon Jordan, we got Monica Lewinsky, we got Linda Tripp, all on the record there. And they certainly, if you brought him back, they're not got a contradictor testimony in part of the grand jury, because they need purgering themselves. So it's all right there in the star report. And he went on a great length, but I mean, but I'm not participating about how we absolutely don't need any witnesses. Now that the only way that can possibly drag the thing out in the Senate, and all these right wingers are like pushing and pushing and pushing it, now we gotta have witnesses. And the tragic part of it is the last few days, they're starting to get to them all the right wingers from the house are starting to get to the Republican senators. And I was saying, well, you know, well, maybe we ought to call a few witnesses, at least that bitch Monica. So when and that we can drag this out, they just refused to get to God damn message already. We wanted to end. We wanted over now enough. Good noob. Even the Goi emmer writing one of the streets saying, good noob already, they didn't even know what it means. It's the enough of this crap. And let's get out with the good stuff, okay? Whatever it might be. We don't know what it is yet, but let's get out with a good stuff. Jesus Christ almighty, it's just the and these talking head shows man or man. They sit there and they're like, these media people, they act like that, somebody did a little abotty. Just took the brain out like Kennedy's brain disappeared. I think there's did too, and he's basking the same stupid questions over and over again. Even the American public, would you not give very high marks for being overly intelligent, even the public, the overwhelming majority of the cited enough of this crap already. I just like him. I said, be see a couple of I took one channel surfing in a John Gibson. I can't stand him. He almost makes me like OJ. That's how much I hate John Gibson. And he's got to brought on that wrote the book, the claims he had to be affair with Clinton. And she wants to come. She's Jane Dough number five, number six hundred or whatever she is. She's crazy that a bed bug this bitch. And they got her on there again. And then after they get her off, and they're ripping her with ass. Well, she's got no credibility. And she's like no matter what you ask her, she goes, little like that. They just can't stop because the media of course they're thriving on it. They love it. The ratings were MSNBC and CNBC. They're way to hell up over the end of E.C.N.N. Lay up over the usual marginal on existing numbers. But the overwhelming majority of the public still along any part of it. They've had it. And they just don't get the goddamn message. 560 560, 560 on the mobile one. I can see this is going to be another big week in the big city. No question about that. Oh god deal. She looks like a guy. She's never seen why. She makes me want to push right. She's not telling me that she's never seen. She's never seen. She's never seen. She makes me want to push right. She's never seen. She makes me want to push right. Yeah I'm sorry I am so sorry. However... She's not telling me. She's not telling me. I'm sorry about this. So I'm gonna give you my money. I know this is so bad with you. I can stop with you saying Every thing on an aspect of life is But we find that all you do From that self-reloading of week How much were you paid? How much were you paid? For Monica's pay For Monica's pay By Richard C. Melence's pay For Monica's pay I wish you all would be happy I wish you all would be happy I wish you all would be happy I wish you all would be happy I wish you all would be happy Let me am also positive You're truly using your schooling You've had a doctor's office recently today You're really not your children You're a friend You're a friend You're a friend You're a friend You're a friend Sam and Dave I'm a street corner If you can't raise the money for that It's 1044-550 WQAM You know, these people like that Got a first call And when is Brian Murray going to do See all of these sports calls I hate to break the news to you It's like masturbation but don't feel so good That's exactly what it is You're playing with yourself That's precisely what those people are doing Each and every one of those Idiotic stupid moronic calls Is somebody playing with himself He doesn't even realize it Why does Jimmy Johnson ever write Yeah, well, what's the point? What is there to say? Oh my god It's like a big goddamn sports circle jerk Is what it's like It's just unbelievable to me I really had my eyes wide open Speaking of eyes surgery My eyes are like wide open From the year I've worked an instrument That's a gate club you moron Unbelievable Incredible Here's a mobile in high lia Hello Hello? Yes sir Yeah, I had that laser surgery About a year and a half ago Yes, it's called LASIC LASIC What they put horses on LASIC Exactly Yeah And I've worn glasses It's a fourth rate of 49 years old And I was near-sighted Yeah You can see far away And my prescription was very, very thick And I was told that that was the surgery That I should have And I'm at 20-20 now for about a year and a half And it's worked out good for me But I think like you said earlier It depends on the individual I mean I would like to get rid of the glasses There were pain in the ass And I don't have to tell you that Well what happened to me was I could see I could see close up And then all of a sudden I'm getting older Yeah How I need reading I needed reading glasses So they had to give me five vocals And try vocal And the next thing you know And how was the real pain in the butt So what I did was I did some checking around And made some phone calls And of course there's a lot of advertising going on Yeah Yeah As soon as I see an informal rehearsal First time I get real nervous Yeah Well yeah there's one guy that I would hear his name And you know you see his name on a billboard And it was scary But I call the friend of mine as a lawyer And he seems to know which doctors Or you know The ones that you want to see And anyway so I gave it a shot And you're right It's scary Because I almost thought of reading You know I've got so many disclaimers But I don't know Everything you take is Is it disclaimer So I gave it a shot And I'm very happy with it I do where reading glasses But that's normal I mean you're gonna wear reading glasses Whether you wear glasses For this is or not Yeah She I don't need reading glasses But I did and I'm happy with it But it's an individual thing Okay Thanks a lot There's a guy that's made out with it Oh there's going to be still I've got at least two eyes We have a look at that One call on the board Boy you people are brutal this morning You never know The Monday morning is usually set the tone for the whole week And like I said Martin Luther King day is next Monday And I think that deserves at least six days off 30 today sounds good Today two next Monday Just an honor of what's it name Will Boca band be able Council of Consider Library Hygiene Rule When news of the proposed law targeting Nancy Nitzberg And circulating through the city The story sounded like a stereotypical Boca Berton stink Even the mayor agrees that the library Hygiene ordinance perpetuates the city's Stuff image But she said city officials have no other choice Nitzberg 56 who says she lives in Miami But appears to be homeless As a persistent stench about her It is caused a public outcry That will culminate Tuesday tomorrow And did an introduction of an ordinance Bending patrons whose bodily hygiene is offensive From the library Nitzberg has been coming to the library Less often since the proposal surface Has been frequently parking herself at a computer terminal Near the library is front door Since the fall She carried her mother card She apologies for her Sam from display Nitzberg. The resident was clear But this is not the only one tamting on the floor Scalping What this Story judge should have And she stays currently alive From the m esto That she's receiving The Graduate An updated over there. Since the fall, this is a bad fact. Patrons have complained of business and nausea. Nancy Lebord, a book of return resident mother of three said, let it a Mayor Carl, Carol Handberg, Hansen about Nitzburg and November, I literally could not be in the library with her, Lebord said. She would let her prompting library staff who told her the complaints went unheated. But that another letter has got the city's attention late November city manager, Donna Dreeca, instructed Katharine O'Connell, manager of city library services to draft proposed rules for regulations of the library and part of our Nitzburg. The proposal features 12 headings including animals, not allowed or less being used for service purposes for disabled and sleeping not allowed for us longer than seven years old. And it goes on and on and on and on describing offensive people is enough. He allowed to enter the library building and should be required to leave the library building if they think they'd join out. And it says, if Boka does an act of library regulations, it would not be the first to brow in Monroe County library systems have seven or rules. In fact, browage ordinance was drafted partially and respawned to Nitzburg library official set. And during the past decade, libraries across the country, including those in Chicago and St. Paul, Minnesota, have enacted similar ordinances. It goes out about the guy in New Jersey, and you're sitting at the 80 grand. Why should they have to let you in anywhere? Why should they have to let you in if you think they'd join out if you smell like a craft. Because it's a city owned. That doesn't make any difference. Okay. Big, think, and deal it's city owned. So in other words, if I walk around smelling like crap and like I peed my pants for the last 10 weeks, like a garbage dump and everybody's passing out and plots it over there, they have to let me in. What kind of crap is that? How about cleaning ruffing? Give it a regard to them. Bad songs. Good to me. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? Okay. Okay. Well, I think you need some send-in to the desk. That's not the topic of the discussion though. I'm sorry about that. Here problem you have. I just came from the damned dentist. I don't want to make things I'm getting no charge or I'm an HMO and everything. I'm just saying, what a charge me 80 bucks. I asked for a clean and they want to give me another type of clean in the car's money. What the hell do I do about that? I can't go out in the hours. I'm calling Newly. Call me for what? See, what you say about, see, what do I have to say about this? There you go. Okay. We have an open line in the Broward, All 3 in Dave. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50. What does that have to do with my ear? What is his devil problem? And there's a dental cleaning or the fact that he's a schlepper and can't afford the 80 bucks. What does that have to do with my ear, my sinus infection or whatever it had like got? Is that a thing to do with it? No. Of course not. And then this guy probably's got stinking teeth. He's probably got bad breath. There's another guy. Keep his ass out of the library. Stick his name on New Orleans too. Okay. Doesn't want to go get his teeth cleaned. Keep bastard. Open line at Broward All 3. Are these Dave lines working today? Are we on the air here? Is this a joke? Is this like an early April Fool's joke here today? It's got to be. Here's a mobile into question. Hello. Mobile into question. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. Yeah. What's going on? What can we do for you, sir? You just called my phone. I just called you. You know, I just, yeah. Hey, I didn't. I got a lot of this called your phone when George just put you on hold. I hit. I was on hold you and then someone else called. I rang it and then my phone rang and you're on the phone saying, what can I do for you? Yes, sir. I have absolutely nothing to say. Okay. Thank you. Was that good? Was that in a word winner or what? Well, hey, at least he called. Yeah. But he did call it all the way from the question. We went through all of that and this man had nothing. Absolutely nothing to say. The least he got to talk to me and whoever the other boes, I was on the other one. I hope he had more to say to the other person that was on the other line. Man, oh man. What an, what an eye opener to me. Come in on money. Morning. They have nothing to say no matter what it is. We got nothing to say. All right. Let's hear it. They have that kind of epic thing to say today. Great. Jesus Christ, what a place this is, man. Every day of my life I learn more and more and more. What a bad, bad, bad, bad. Let's say, God keep making. Try to do a talk show here. I should be doing a music show. I said, Mindy, Marcus, whatever your name is. They're on magic. I should have been playing old E. Mollies. Last call for phone calls today. If not, I got lots and lots of good carpenters here. I got tons of music. We'll get some food in here. I'll give me some soup. We'll get all healed up from this crud that everybody's got around here. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the mobile one line. What an embarrassing place this town is. And continues each and every day. I can't even articulate as good as I am at articulating. Even I can't articulate what a bogus, bum fork place this is. God is this something. Here's a mobile and popular. Hello. Yeah. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah. And then I surgery. I want to talk about that. I have a similar situation. The graph guy is called the 49 year old. He has on same age. I have the same problem. But when I had the surgery, I had it like three years ago. And I thought it was like the easiest thing I ever went through. Really? Yeah. It was like a lot of people who came. Yeah. Lot of confidence in a doctor. I spent some time talking to him at a time. It was just so many times. I was 17 minutes in the chair. I had both eyes done the same day. And I had the ALK. Probably would they take in this other gap. Then a 17 minutes in the chair to get his teeth clean as I would. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And when the ALK, they fly to the corner and then lift it up and they say, I like that. Yeah. That's the surgery I had. I think they don't do that anymore. They don't slice it. They go to the leisure thing now. You know, I had a little laser worked on on my left eye. Yeah. I had this. I had this. I then I've had like a great vision since then. I would recommend it to anybody. And I think if you're thinking about having it done, just go ahead and add it. Just go ahead and do it. Very hot. No kidding. It's over with the quit talking about. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Just do it and quit talking about and quit the Heming and Hiking. There's nothing worse. I'm usually pretty decisive. You know what I'm saying? Like sometimes I think I'm going to wipe with my right hand. Sometimes with my left. Kind of like Greg Reed. You know what I sit there for like hours and hours? Wow. I don't know. Now the only time he knows which hand the wipe or the zip that let toilet papers that like sports logo on it that he knows. The sports obsessive plays. I can't believe that Waxy stole the meta doors in his place. Now, you know, 2005 people are last night. So in other words, if a thousand people actually showed up in Irina, that means there must be another 30 or 40 that would listen on a radio. Here's Del Rey B. Chilo. Hi. Yes, sir. He'll pass out his to Messiah. Yeah. I just had to say. Okay. Okay. Great. We're real excited for you. Okay. Not to call one of the sports shows until that. Not interested. Not interested. All you jet fans call up to sports shows and glow because they get real nervous and aggravated when you do that. Call them up and glow. I couldn't care less. He's a big fat guy and, you know, whatever. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's Boka. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Well, I've got a couple of things to talk about. One, I can't agree more about the talking, the incest and coaching interviews. Oh, Jesus. I mean, is that the most terminal radio I mean, I'm in the car yesterday. I turn on the station expecting you hear the Minnesota Phoenix game and instead of that, I'm here at Bill Parsell's press conference and he's mumbling and mumbling and droning on. But that's a threat. And what is there to say? Okay, they won the game. They played good. They won the game to go and out of play Denver next week. Great. Okay. It's over with AirBes, everybody that wears a jog strap or even guys that hang around with people who are with joggers. They got to have a press conference. And a lot of times you listen to them and it's like, okay, we lost. What is the Jimmy Johnson going to come out? He's going to come out. He's going to mope and he's going to cover his button. It's like it's so boring. Oh, exactly. What are there going with the compliment boring is an understatement, sir? It's just a comment on it. It would go live. If they got honest, they say, hey, this guy screwed up, then it would be interesting. But they all like, well, we don't really get to know. What are they going to say anyway? That's right. And also that I live in Boka and I've been in that library and now when things to high haven. So I think they should keep around there. Wow, it looks like they were working on it. Beautiful. And they're working on it. They have a great day. They're working on it. Maybe that's the problem. It could be. We have open-minded, broad-minded, what it did. I mean, this is legendary. This is unbelievable. I mean, even your wife knew who about this woman. It didn't matter who you speak to. You can go out on the street corner. Hey, you know, that woman up there and both, oh, yeah, the wedding library. She smells real bad. Everybody in this town, they know nothing else, but they know her. So nice girl, it's sweetheart. We're not so sweet. Heart? Oh, I talk about becoming a legend before your own slot at time. This year, share with you, singing the National Anthem at the Super Bowl. No, Ian honor of this history making of it. Far from Virgin Records presents, share, sings the irrational anthem. Share sings the irrational anthem is share. Doing the national anthem hallway and once you hear it, legboarding will begin to sound like a minor effects. Share sings the irrational anthem. Every time you hear, you want to stand up and walk across the room to turn on your CD player. Share sings the irrational anthem. A baseball where ever buying CDs are so. It's a rocket five sixty WQM. We got hey, Goldberg, a tour of this afternoon from Shula State to and then we got the Bootsy with six and Kaplan 10 o'clock tonight. Let's keep our fingers crossed. Maybe not too many press conferences between now and midnight. Okay? Oh, God. Here's a mobile in the keys, hello. Hey there, I want to talk about the library ordinance down here in the keys. You have one in the keys? We sure do. I'm in Ro County. Yeah. Not only does it bar people who snow bad from the libraries, but they can't use the library restrooms to clean up. Hey, I let him go to McDonald's if they want to. Yeah, I'll go somewhere else. I have to go to something. Anyway, I really do about all these sports boring press conferences. Good God. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I got you down. Okay. It's unanimous so far. They also, I mean, it's one thing to want to watch a ball game or to want to see a great player player, or a great coach or manager, you know, his use all kinds of tactics to win against whatever. But to listen to them pontificating, especially these in our particular juxtapes, we have nothing to say. And what is there to say anyway? Well, he done good, and I done good, and they done good. They didn't do so good. I mean, what is there to say? Talk about mental masturbation. Maybe you're just wasting hours and hours and hours of time. And the only reason, let me say it again. The only reason that they started this crap is to fill up a lot of time on these sports networks. That's the only reason they do this. Somehow we all survive without everybody in their brother and law holding a goddamn press conference after every goddamn high school volleyball game. There's an interesting, by the way, that we heard it as an hour later, we still haven't had one callers. Nobody out there. And you want to know why because there are much of Pussies. There are a bunch of Pussies that were afraid to say what's really on their mind about this animal. This jackass that beat the baby to death, who's got three kids with the one woman he's living with, but isn't married to her, but is married to some other woman, but estranged from her, etc. And so on. This is what's going on, baby. This is where it's after they talk about responsibility. This is a... That's the American fucking way. Everybody's making babies and they're making them with one woman over here and with one woman. I'm not necessarily married because it doesn't make any difference anymore. And it's a blessing, baby. It's a wonderful thing. The woman that had the... That's been out the eight octopuses. That was a wonderful... That was a blessing with the fertility drugs. This is the way the media presents everything. Absolutely, unconscionable forced sterilization. Just you ought to be running around with vanners with placards with science. There ought to be billboards up all over America right now. forced sterilization. And here's this story right here in my hand. Is living proof of it right there. Or maybe dead proof of it. She was crying too much. There you go. So let's just bash her head against the wall. That'll shut her up. Work like a charm. How about let's take him and bash his head against the wall for a couple hours? See how it works. Here's a mobile and what's Palm Beach? Hello. Oh no. Yes sir. Love you's show but I have absolutely nothing to say. Yeah. So why did you call? So let you know I have nothing to say. Oh okay. Palm Beach County. I hate to break the news here. You don't have to call to tell us you and have any news. We already know that. We're all well aware of that here in the rest of South Florida. We know that you have nothing to say. Open line in Broward 560560 and Palm 560 on the AT&T line. This is a new deal now. Now we have people calling in to tell us they have nothing to say. We automatically assume that unless you prove otherwise. Okay. We assume that and usually we're correct. Here's a mobile and Pemberg Pine. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah this is Dr. Mark Postson. I just wanted to clarify some things you said before about the laser surgery. Yes. I'm a laser surgeon and a couple of your collars are misinformed. The laser surgery you still have to make a cut just like ALK with the older surgery. Yes. ALK has not done any more laser as the advantages of ALK without the disadvantages and the laser is used as the second part of the surgery. But you still have to slice. You have to slice absolutely. But the slice is what lets you get back to your normal vision as quick as possible without needing glasses or contacts. The laser surgery works for near-site and its far-site and its stigmatism. It is by far the best surgery that's been invented so far to correct vision. Okay. But some of your collars seem to say ALK is not done any more PRK is surface laser. It hurts after the surgery. But LASIC is the new surgery that works great. Okay. Thanks Dr. And the bulls in the mail. So what do you say do the PRK? OK is that what he said? We have an open line in date. 5.6. I have no idea what he just said. All I know is that after the first 20 seconds I stopped listening because he said we still have the slice. I'm sorry no slice and okay. Didn't know what he said. He said even with the LASIC LASIC, what ever tell this damn thing is with LASICs. Even with that you still have to do with they still have to make a little cut. Okay. The answer to you is no I'll pass. Okay. If you first and then I'll think about it and I'll still say no. Yeah go ahead. But Joe was totally he keeps coming near. It's great guy bring us all kind of office supplies. We love Joe was totally. But every time it comes in, oh you got to check that out you got to have it done. It's great. You go do it okay. Go stick your eyes under some asshole's knife. Yeah. Oops. I keep hearing that every time like when I'm watching that information and Mindy lying yesterday that word keeps coming back over and over. Oops. Oh well sorry. How about the other one? No no no no. Don't worry about that when it's not too bad. But maybe we'll get that one right now. That's okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Neil how you doing. So speaking of banging your head against the office sounds like you're having a typical Monday. As usual. A typical day in this town. I think guy like you might have a good place. I think they should round them all up. Put them on a space at home. Blow them into the sun personally. Yeah. But anyway, as far as the the eye surgery goes, you have you consider like this wearing like contact lenses like soft eyes. I've had no no no no interest man. I tried that once it's a real pain when he asked. There's one word that really deterred me from thinking about surgery in that book. Yeah. I don't know. I don't like anybody cutting anything that doesn't need to be cut unless it's life threatening. That's what I should have told him I was born but I didn't couldn't speak. I thought that one. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. We have an open line in date one in Browd. I'm not going to do it. You can say you waste my time from now until the end of time. Including Joe was already a great guide Joe. We appreciate all of my stuff you bring us. But the answer is no way. I forget it. I'm not going to do it. Plus, you know, what's wrong with a pair of glasses for an old fart like me? Everybody in there. Do you look at the Gooks man? They all word glasses. Don't they? For some reason why is that? Why is it that so many Asians were glasses including young people because they can't afford the contact? No, no, I'm a surfer. Get even before they were. Forget that. Why is sure they can't afford. Yeah, right. My ass. The Asians that come over here that could buy and sell you 50 million times per hour. Oh, the ones that come over here. Right. A lot of glasses with those. Maybe it's just a cultural thing like they say. Did never heard last week about the Adurdie bird. It's a cultural thing. There's deer field. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing there today, Neil? Okay. Very disturbed about. What are you disturbed about, sir? The person that beat a little baby up. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know why people who touch control themselves that they cannot take pin, breath, 200 pushups do something, shoot themselves before they hit a little child. First of all, when you got somebody that's got three kids by an illegitimate kid that is estranged from another woman that he's still married to, is that give a little idea to perhaps what this person character might be? Well, slightly yes. But in the last straw, they hit a little child. It's got to be another answer. And if it's to call a friend and talk about it, do something other than murder or a little child. I don't have the answer, but try not to hit the kids. And otherwise you may come in a week or so ago about people that don't like dogs. Yeah. People that get bit by dogs may not like dogs. They're animals that attack kids at times. So not everybody's a piece of crap because they don't like dogs. Why did you get bit by dogs? Sure did. What kind? German Shepherd. German Shepherd. Well, there you go. Are you a person of color, sir? Of color? Yeah, do like darker colors and like light. No, sir. You know that has anything to do with that? No, no. It does have something to do with it. There's some dogs that are racist. Oh. I was there. German Shepherd. German Shepherd. I got to think about it. Have a good week, pal. I got real uptight when I asked that. Didn't he sound like he might have been a person of like somewhat darker complexion than I am, maybe? Or like certainly, anybody would be, I was going to say then George, but anybody is darker complexion than you are my face to everybody. But I got bit by German Shepherd. Yeah, I want maybe you didn't like humans. I want to see the scar. Maybe you didn't like noise. Maybe you didn't like humans. Maybe that. I told you those German Shepherd might be racist, okay? They can't help it. They got a little bit of German in them. Is what it is. Oh. Boy, that guy there. Boy. Wow. Talk about asking somebody to the wrong question. Oh, like a big, like the Berlin Wall, it up there when I asked that. Just lighten up a little bit, sir. Like I keep trying to tell all you people like Ross Perro would say, you people. Just lighten up a little bit. Just, you know, man or speech. God. Overline and powered, 400 in the aid, 567 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. 9 minutes after 11 a QAIM. See you Rogers God. He's among the4 stores. Adam nature whims ÑÑ‹ Zoah. Watch him, Hershey Highway. Had reading Martha Stewart. She is women, Martha Raych's faithful and the credit his vill Ð²Ð¾Ð´Ñ‹ found her. Just get your mother's cornered and jump. Boys are the rainbow. We can get in that car. Why the National Artsman? The friend she's a gamer. The man from France will be digital. When they find out he's been digital. Why do you face the way? I've found the boy in jail. All right. Lord and J. Who's that character? Lord and J. Yeah. You know the rate track. Lefty can the doover. Has the biggest fan club. And you suck just like our Uber. It's been no more than a week. It's been very light enough. It's breaking out this whole weekend. It's been a very rare month. It's been more difficult. When they find out he's been digital. One device away. A dance of boy in jail. Lord and J. Who's that character? You suck just like our Uber. You suck just like our Uber. Crazy ass. Even just now. Lord and J. It's 150 to 5.15 WDF. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm at your service with Fred Hall. Oh, God. I just, I love tracking. I helped him out on some of family situations. Yeah. You know, we're a water. I never heard of Fred Hall. No, thank you. Call up the radio hall of fame. This is a talk show. We're not talking ancient radio trivia. We're talking about stuff that might be inventors to somebody living in the 20th of the 20th century. It's a 60-pound five sixty on the 18th of wireless line. Here's a mobile info a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, sir. You know what people don't call up or get all up about this jerk off the kill. Why is that sir? It's almost like people have become numb to this because it happens so much. 7 plays it out. You got the parents to kill their kids and claim they've been kidnapped. And 100,000 people got to look for them. Only if you did the point, it was the parent that did it. And it's just the almost become numb to it. It's tickling. You hate to hear it. People just seem to come numb to all this stuff that's going on. I think they want to make him numb as well. I think they ought to do. I think that a fry is on a channel 7 news at noon today with Rick Stanch has squatting over the electric chair. That's what I think we ought to do. I happen to agree with you. That it uses for the American indifference towards violence and suffering and barburek acts like this. That's just a cop out. That's just an excuse for the fact that people don't give a crap. I agree. It's very sad. It just seems that that's the case. Unfortunately. Well, maybe that's the American F and way. Okay. Have a great day. That's the American fucking way. We have an open line in Broward all 70, 108, 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. But they're a cultured. This one guy that called me for from dear field at New York, piece of crap. Oh, Bill Parcell is God. That's all I have to say. Yeah, I'm so what about it. Okay. They want to football game. That's what's important to these people. Okay. His team want to football game. Oh, yeah. His team because they want to understand the mix of his team. Even though he's from New York and he's down here. Okay. His team. His team. And I'm on the moment of weakness. That's all. But the same. That's wrong. Okay. If you lump in all of the colors, including mine and the sports colors, the other 20 hours of the administration. This radio station has got the worst colors in the history of talk radio. It's not even a contest. Not even a contest. It's unbelievable to swim at you here. Just round the clock from a bunch of simple ingredients. Man, oh man. A bunch of idiots out there playing grass with each other with themselves are both of the above. And then of course, and even forget the subject matter, even if it is sports, try to have it a tell-jard conversation with them. Like I did on Friday, making that bad bad mistake. No, they haven't got a clearly even. I want your talk about. That's why they're sitting there looking up on a screen. They're right. Okay. That's time back. Like an asshole. They're right. Coolness. North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I have something to say about that child dating. Yeah. You know, every time you hear about something like that on the radio, I was 99% of the time it's a black. And I don't understand. 99% are you doing a survey? Well, a disproportionate amount of the time it is. You're right about that. Yes. I know. We got to spend the long time. What is it? Yeah. I said them all back. Okay. You can be on the boat too. Okay. Send them all back to Africa. Very good. So we're not looking for a client. Okay. I think he's got a way to the weekend for the next meeting. So we try to air it out a little bit here. Brilliant. Open line and Broward 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's West Palm Beach, shallow. Yes. Yes. Where can I get a copy of our local two joys? What can I buy that? Having got any idea. Open line and Broward 520, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560. I'm getting a thousand of them. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And I'm Neil. Yes. You haven't had days. You feel or what? I mean, you don't have it. I have it just another day in Miami. They're all the same. You know, Neil, I thought that and I believe that about you that you're coming here and you get off the test off of these people. But you got the best job in America, man. I wish I could sit there for four hours and that my first station goes on these. All these people out here that get online. Yeah. One of them being the goddess Max and baby around. There was a kid as Denny's. I had breakfast with my 10 year old daughter yesterday and I tell you what. That was my kid. I'd be smackin' the hell out of that kid. But that's the point. I know I have about 10 per night can't be an animal kid. But these people don't care. You're dealing with your 10 year old daughter. Well, I've got to be facing this call and get your 10 year old daughter some protection before it's too late. Before you lose that thing, it's not around. You know, like they said in the godfather, you know, sonny, don't lose that pain this temper you. Yeah. No, it's not like that Neil. You're just trying to call right now. Okay. Put him on hold and trace the call and get that kid to call up social services right away. You're smiling. I'm serious. Okay. This guy at Mitch he's got a violent temper. He had some little kitten Denny's. It wasn't even his kid yesterday. Wanted to beat the crap out of him, I guess. See, it's one thing to want to beat the crap out of a noisy nest you little kid. It's another thing to be so abritten you're responsible as to go ahead and do it. We all have though. I mean anybody that denies having feelings of wanting to commit violence against some asshole or some little annoying kid or whoever it might be is a liar. Everybody has those feelings. But people who aren't barbarians people that have any degree of self-control. Who aren't totally mentally ill. People are able to, you know, control themselves. Of course, if I'd have been there with Denny's, maybe I would have helped them out. We have an open line in date five six seven or five sixty and five sixty on the 18th. Why can't they have like a little kid there, they're Denny's. If I got a Jam all the smokers in one area, why can't they have a place for people with pain in the asshole kids? Now, I would take exception at the hockey game starting this Wednesday when the least comes at the time. Wednesday, we will have a shoot them on site with no questions asked in section one or one. For pain in the asshole kid that get in the way while the game is on. Okay. No questions. Okay. Well, that's going to be stomach experience. I can't wait. I just can't wait. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay, sir. Great. Well, first of all, let me tell you, football season is over and some miraculous feet. It looks like I'm going to live. Yeah. I'm already for the exam at a professional football. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Actually, ready for the dirty bird. I know we got a couple of weekends ago. I wasn't in your look. I mean, I'm a football fan, but I actually have a life. Oh, I mean, I remember. Well, and you run the wrong radio station. I have the radio station for a sports fans with no life. I remember learning for football season even started, but in any case, you know about this guy killed his kid that baby. I mean, look. Typical how to this guy, throw him in a big pit full of white German shepherd. How's that? Okay. All right. Okay. Thank you. There you go. I think we saw that. Let's put it on the year on channel 7. Okay. I have no life. Two open lines in day five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless wine. But the guy that called earlier, he was right. I mean, it's embarrassing to admit it. But he's right. People have been totally desensitized. I remember getting all whipped up inside Catech about that Susan Smith story. Because to me, I can't imagine. I can't even begin to imagine how any person's forget about in their right mind. Any kind of state of mind could take two little kids, their own kids and stick him in a car and drown them because they were getting in the way of her imaginary love affair that wasn't going to materialize anyway. But even assuming that it was and you know, just unbeatable and was there any reaction to that? No. And then when they said when her the town's folk up there wasn't South Carolina and the people in town said, well, we grew up with her. We've done Susan all our lives. We could never put her to that. So we'll just stick her in jail for the rest of her. We won't give it to death penalty. Now in that case, I would have been glad to go up there and volunteer, okay? And I may not be the world's best marksman. But I will, you know, just give me plenty of chances. I'll guarantee I can get the job done. Hey, Susan. There's another one. You know what I'm saying? You're bitch. And there was no outrage about that. There are no, I'm guarantee right now. I'll bet my life on it that there are more people in America concerned about football games than there are about people who are not kind of crap. I mean, that's not even a contest. You don't have to take a pool on that. To show you about misplaced priorities. Because that's the American fucking way. Right. Open line of date County. By the way, you know, since I'm getting myself all worked up to a frenzy, I have no idea why especially since it's only Monday. Remember, right, Perry came down here through his demonetized. Another thing about this radio station. Everybody here talks to go to game. And he's a nice guy like him. You know, he seems like a nice guy. But then again, it's like going to a new doctor, new veterinarian, like I said before, every time you go to one, he seemed like, oh, they're the greatest in the world. And then after you go a couple of times to find out, well, maybe that's so great. And we were going to have a game of the list right away. Here we have for a copy. We got to have for this one. And that one, we because the sales people are doing a number. And here it is like, now Monday, which that was on Thursday. Friday came with the rating new comment. And here's Monday is the rating new that you're not. No. So everybody around this, you want to talk to real good game and they all have the best of intentions. But you know what they say about good intentions, don't you? You know what they say? No. It's 1126 and 560 WQM. This is a bunch of hoodies. When that thing's in the party, it's so nice. We have a look good since JFK seems I pulled you to dinner away. Oh, God, I'm a Democrat. Everybody out of the up there, shaken hands that we got to the work of land, caught over the Kiddlestar we handled my ran. Oh, God, I'm a Democrat. I'm a Democrat. I'm a Democrat. I'm a Democrat. I'm a Democrat. We got to have a new and a platform sale. At least the Republicans got to say in Koyel, we just got us off to you. Oh God, I'm a Democrat. Do you see that by the way, Dan Quill, is he really serious? He's going to run Dan Quill. Oh, and it was in the store. Oh my God. That was Republicans. That better after doing all of this penis gay stuff. They just won't quit but they're shooting each other in the feed and themselves. Okay, there we go. Dan Quill and Elizabeth dole. She makes her husband sound exciting. She does. She is one of the most tasty boring pieces of turd on two legs that ever seen in my life. Of course he figures that's the only way he'll ever get in the wet house. Does if she gets in there is the ring chance to that. No, no. No, no. Two open lines in Dave County, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's the Del Ray Beach, hello. Yes, sir. I don't want to bring up an old topic but I was watching up college basketball game the other day. You watching what? The college basketball game? Yeah. I wasn't watching on purpose. I was looking through the channels and there's a guy on the University of South Florida basketball team. This name was Swedagot. Paris London. Paris London. Yeah. And there's an M.C.A.A. in Frankfurt Munich. Those are his brother I think. You know, you're talking about all these bad colors that they get. I heard some guy called Hank the other day. Ascal Maryland was going to do in the tournament. You know where she marries. It's just like what's the point about asking that kind of question? What kind of a torpe wood-ass sacrifice? I don't know about torps. I don't know man. All right, Neil. Have a great day. Happy Ramadan. And back to you. How are they going to do by the one? Yeah, see that. It's like asking about Napoleon Coffman. It was the same thing. I never forget that morning as long as I lived. That was the day that I swore off sports radio. The morning that some Jack guys calls up the worst team. Hey, who did any more about Napoleon Coffman? How's he doing? Napoleon freakin Coffman man. My whole life, the universe is centered around Napoleon Coffman. Just look out the window. There it is. Well, don't open the window too wide because then that smell of death will come seep again again. You'll know where you are. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. I was thinking about this something to do with this guy that, uh, on the beatiest kid. The solution would be throw him in a cage with tempered gristly. Yeah, okay. Thank you. And you're asked. Put your answer there too. That what you said. Open line of Broward to a date County 560 560, Pomp 560, out of the 18 T. Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir. About this child killer guy. Yeah. I've been very fortunate. I'm very young and my parents are working in travel business. So I've been able to go all over the world. And it's true what you say. If this kind of stuff happens in Western Europe, it's a shock. I mean, people go into, you know, it's a really big use of it. Uh-huh. And here it's like, uh, you, you have to like do all this cramps or stir up people to see even, get even the smallest response. Uh-huh. And, you know, it's just, there, there really should be a, like, a lynch mob. And, uh, Washington right now. On this mob for what? In Washington? Yeah, because I mean, you know, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're the point. There is. It's called a Senate. There ought to be a lynch mob. There's a lynchying going on right now. Okay. So, if you start in the house and not a lynch mob is moved on to the Senate, there is a lynchying of El Presidentate. Don't you understand that, sir? No, don't you get it? No. And, like I told you before, once a lynchying starts, they don't like easily stop like in midstream. That's why they're so determined. They're going to continue with on, upward, onward, and forward, no matter what anybody says. The poll could say, 99% of the public wants this stuff to stop immediately. That's still all make it a difference. Because it's a goddamn lynching is what it is. And then on the one hand, well, it's not about sex, but hey, let's bring out the, uh, uh, uh, surprise a witness number 85. And, uh, whatever the hell they call them. What's her name? Something number five? Scorned bitch number five? Yeah. We got all these scorned bitches out there. Actually, the election all you guys out there, okay? You've been a grilla. I'm real carefully before you stick your, uh, nanny. That's right. Here's Kendall. Hello. Well, for infuck a tash it. Where we going? Let's go to a nice job there. By the way, setting that off. That was great. Here's the dear field. Hello. Your field. Deal. Yes, sir. You got onto the, the zipper gate. I got a feeling that, you know, really want them to call all these witnesses. You remember when the Republicans closed down the Congress, so, where the budget about two, three years ago? Uh-huh. And the Republicans are just walking to a trapeze set for him. I think he's setting another trapeze. He set a monster. And they called the, they caught a bald head at mouse right in that trap. That's gonna be a good other genius for it. Keep tracking these by the way. Those new listeners out there that have an IQ larger than your thumbnail. Keep tracking the QAM callers. I think you're going to find this year. It's going to be really illuminating. Open line at Broward 208 5675 60 palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Good day. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'm going to call out a phone. Remember this. You should have known this child. We'll go get killed. And he should have sparked it. Yeah. I think it is. I'll be vital back to say, God is a good God. Good God. Let this happen. Yeah. Okay. So, whatever you say, good God, who allowed the people like this to reproduce. That's the good God you're talking about. Made everybody make space. Just go on reproduced. Be fruitful and multiply. Is that what the Pope says? Be fruitful. Be fruitful. Be fruitful. Be fruitful. Be fruitful. Something like that. Open line at day one at Broward. Nobody cares. Nobody's got a God damn brain. They're all too busy. They're own little God damn lives. Like Howard Beals said. That's all it's all about. Leave them along with their God damn TV set. They're cable TV. They're still both at radios. And they're God damn bald games on the weekend. That's all they want. They don't want to be bothered with all this stuff. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, private, sixty, out of the 18th, you wireless line waiting for some press conferences. We're going to be putting on here any minute now. Here's a mobile in the Evan Ture. Hello. Anyhow. How are you? Okay, sir. I'm a trial and hopefully soon also along with you. I was sort of like to see maybe one day maybe dummy or king kick world. But sure. I'm not going there to see that would be nice. But I'm not, you know, that makes no difference to me. I'm going to be there to see the Leafs kick some as about seven or one sounds good to me. I think they're going to do it any other. And I bought me the Leafs sand for a while and everything. My wife caught a madagoras game and everything which is pretty interesting game and everything. They're not too bad, believe it or not. Yeah, well, it must be really interesting watching game with a thousand people in the stands. That must be a pretty exciting. Well, it's most really look good with a thousand people in it. No, it doesn't believe it or not. But but but but they're level of hockey. Yeah, the level of hockey is pretty good. Well, I got news for you. Nobody's going to go see him. And I could have told him that in the beginning and that guy's going to lose a lot of money, but good luck to them and have a great life. We have an open line of Broward to in date five six seven. Oh, five 60. Did I say that before they started that there was no chance. Absolutely none of that thing was going to fly and they wanted me to be the spokesman. And I shared absolutely positively. No way is what I said. Because, you know, I get yourself involved in something that's guaranteed to fit just like when they were trying to use me to promote roller hockey or whatever that crap was. What did that last about five minutes that thing last and then they got all but well, gee, we thought you're still at play sub for us. Yeah, right. I can't even fill the guy damn board up with phone with seven phone calls much less fill up your guy damn arena with people to see roller hockey and little league hockey out there. Good or bad or whatever it is, okay, people don't care that I'm interested. You know, this guy still doesn't understand just because we have 18 19,000 people in the macarine airvigame that doesn't mean we have 18 19,000 hockey fans. We have bodies. We have bodies in seats. Body in seats is what we have. I think I like my piping. Oh, right. It's a cause of my necker's vagina. She lets out a gigo. When an innocent wiggled, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind, but as the guy in her vagina she's all mine. Well, he don't know where a stogi goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human. And then I can saw the term seen there by means to her naked. She's reportedly to go in blind. That place didn't he was working hard. Late night in the ovary of this. Working on a practical joke. It's a commercial noodle for an exploding, loaded for money goes with flowing rings or smoke. Bill's a cause and money goes to vagina. Oh, right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind, but as the guy in her vagina she's all mine. Okay. Well, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. I've been the linking bedroom she was morning, morning, how far was it in her with bills all gone? Bill's a cause and money goes to vagina. Are you sure? She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind, but as the guy in her vagina she's all mine. Oh, candy and candy. Yeah, it does matter. Oh, yeah. What you gotta do is take a tip of your love. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that is a really important island push inspector. Can ask the questions about the cigar business? Wouldn't that be very dignified, don't you think, to be a, and what kind of a cigar was it to get it nicks and the word of the stick it was it moist and fully packed and fed when so on? It's $1.44 at $5.60 WQM of extra Ted Kennedy beginning to say it about that. Where are we going? Let's go to a heli, he likes to light up a big round, whenever you know. Okay, we have an open line of broad one and day, 5.670, 5.60 and pump by 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's call spring, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. There's no point in getting exercise with these people. Exercise? Yeah, I have a these people not responding. I mean, but newsweek has undercover this week. Yeah, what do they have? I haven't looked in my newsweek this week. I miss. Really, they put a dead man on the cover. But a dead man that he is their, the story of the week. What a great guy he is now. He makes politics so laughable and I don't get it. I don't understand. He doesn't make anything laughable. In fact, the only five things they have are to record it, but it's that they play while he's sitting there picking his nose in between the segments. Right, and this is how we inform the public about what's going on. Yeah, and what do you see? Have to be everything has to be a joke. Don't you understand? Everything has to be reduced to a low level of the world. And then they make it a palatable idea. And as far as my news far as the newsweek is concerned, time and newsweek, they're like those those have because they've sold out. They've become so close to tabloids that there's notice. But our newspaper are sent no. Yeah, I mean, all you have to do is I use it for, you know, they now have a computer line for the latest statistics. And then, you know, if you do bad in the bets, you can just call, you know, go to the next page and get yourself a prize or two. So what, what, what, what, what kind of thing. Okay, have a great day. We have two author lines in Broward and one in day. Well, what was he saying? Something about the rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule. 560 and pump 560, I think AT and D wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I think the reason you have such a hard time getting good colors is because you rip everybody. Yeah, that's all that's right. Yeah, I mean, so much. Everybody listen to what you listen to the share. Yeah, once in a while, I won't ask you. Once in a while, I'll always have a story. They've always got excuse. Once in a while, he took into just to see the lay of the land. You could quote chapter and verse every guy damn thing that said by me, the colors, all of our commercial spots. You could quote every guy damn thing we say 24 hours a day on here. Okay. Two open lines today. The reason they don't say is because they got nothing to say. Okay, it's been the same for 23 freaking years. Okay. And if we're just on this show, I would agree with you. Maybe it must be me. Neil is a nasty guy. Neil is just a miserable son of a bitch. It must be Neil's fault that the people in this town are so guy damn boring and so introspective that they haven't known even see what's going on in the real world. You must be Neil's fault. Just listen to those sports shows. Yeah, the 20 hours a day. Sir, listen to those brilliant calls. You're a peer pan. Come sure you already do them. Both of you both. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. The colors that you have to are pretty bad. Anyway, you know, I just want to change the subs to a little bit. Um, what do you think the dolphins will threat? We have two open lines in date. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Very clever. How long do you wait for that? Okay. Very clever. Another one of your little holios. Just want to change. Yeah. Little fun in games because another guy that's got no life every single day of his life. He's got no life. This is his occupation now. He's like the Bob Cunt's of a little Havana. He's got no occupation. 5 6 7 0 5 6. The pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Pablo B. Chilo. Yes, sir. I'm calling about this guy to be his child. What guy is that? The one that killed the baby. Yeah, the line was talking about. Yeah, we need to adopt some foreign. Foreign policies on foreign policies. Yeah, I'm crime and punishment. Yeah, like foreign countries that'll execute a guy the same day that they catch him either raping or killing somebody. Yeah, this guy. They should line him up and his loud as he screams. Okay, we should adopt some biblical punishment and stone him to that. That would be good. Absolutely. Okay, thanks. We'll do it about 450 this afternoon. If I'll be better than some of those press conferences, we'll put it right on here. Oh, open line at Broward all three in date. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile informyer. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. You're going to start charging for these phone calls. You're making these mental midget's famous. You only got to get idea and and I just think that you're you're your god. Yeah, okay. Thank you very much. Thank you for your every day. Come at in your observations on the passing scene. Oh, God. I mean, it must be me must be this slew, huh? Must be me. I can't they calls can't really be as bad as they found. Can they? They can't open line in Broward all three in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 let's have a press conference. Come on. Let's get some a little workshop on there and have a god damn press conference sounds good to me. Let's do it. Before it's too God damn late. Where the hell is it? One moment please. Here you go. Oh, yeah, everything. Yeah, because you know, but three about folks. You know, and then a lot of them say, I can't afford another domain. I tell you man, a little crazy. We're saying. You know, I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn't do no. I didn I didn't do no. I didn't. steals the ball. Can't keep it. I'm just going to be a little bit of a I think that's a bit of a deal. I don't know if I'm going to be a little bit of a deal. I don't know if I'm going to be a little bit of a deal. I don't know if I'm going to be a little bit of a deal. Are you sure? Yeah. 10-toned 560 W to Q and we're waiting on date County and those three day lines where we're going to have to come in from I have no idea. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's your fault. It's your fault, Neil. You're the problem. You're the bad guy. I'm just happy to be listening by accident today. It's no accident that you're getting a bunch of morons like me because of all idiots out here. It's your fault being a bad guy. We'd all be brilliant if you were just a nice guy. You'd be getting brilliant people calling you and saying very important things. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Just a question. If you'd please answer it. The reason why you're so bitter towards God could it be because of the Bible God. You'd be bitter towards actuality. You want to answer it. You just want to make a speech. There is no such thing as God. Is that answer your question? Well, where did you come from? Where did I come from? My mother. Where did you come from? Where did you come from? From another human. Yes, so what does I have to do with God? So he created. He created. Okay, thank you, sir. I barked that down. Okay, he created. Mark it down. Marked out the day and the time. He created. Because it says about homosexuality. Quite frankly, I don't read anything about homosexuality. It said maybe one or two lines in there written by a bunch of superstitious assholes. All of whom would do any other anyway. In fact, the Jesus was probably doing guys, too, but don't say that. Oh, no, don't say that. You can't be saying that. Open line in the Broward, all three and date. Five, six, seven, five, six. See there you go here. That's part of Neil being a bad guy because he's an atheist. Because he doesn't want to believe in those fairy tales. Okay, he knows a few fairy's, but he doesn't want to believe in those fairy tales. He just doesn't want to march with the masses out there. And thank God for that. Everyday I'm shaving it every day and morning. I look at the mirror and say, thank God, I'm not just another lemon. Another one of these assholes. Go stepping along with the morons. Oh, God, he created. He's done this. He done that. And he also created mosquitoes and created God damn. All kinds of horrendous things. Okay, cancer, bubonic plague. Very bury tuberculosis. You name it. God created, okay. Oh, no, the devil on that. Well, how come God lets the devil run around doing all this crap? That's what I'd like to know. Come up with the real good story about Lucifer and all these other bubonicies in the devil with a pitch fork and the tail and all this other crap that even a three year old child will laugh you out of the house tell him that kind of garbage. He'd soon to believe Sandy Claus is going to come straight down the old scorch court chimney like Peter North and the believe bubble of bubonicies like that. The devil made him do it. Yeah, man, here's so you're like a mug won't man. You must, you must wear, you weren't born from your mother. You were like hatched under a rock like those people out there in Nashville. You called out from under a goddamn rock. With your God horse crap. Here's a mobile in Latter Hill. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, my opinion with this guy that killed the baby. Yeah. First of all, force administration is in enough. Second of all, welfare won't pay for the horse boy or they'll pay for child for itself. Yeah. That's why the snake can go around making all these kids even though he's a baby making machines here. He'd be a baby, like he Vander Holyfield. He's another baby making machine there you go. Let's hear it. Running around just like a butterfly. You know how they do and they drop their appalling from them. They make their little deposit. Huh? What? Like a bumblebee. Whatever. Whatever kind of, whatever kind of, whatever kind of, whatever kind of, whatever kind of, whatever kind of, whatever kind of, whatever, they all, they all, they're, well, they're, they're pollinating. They're picking it up and spreading it around. They're like a squirt squirt, and it around. Making babies all over the place and then of course, you know, he's, he, I like that one line. He's a strange from his wife. He's still married to but a strange from and living with this other abroad and has three babies by her. Sounds like they're making a good Jerry's for a spring show. There you go Jerry's spring or are you listening? There you go. Now if you can just find a few trailer park people ain't doing anything on Wednesday, get them there in the audience. We have an open line in Dave one in Broward five six seven. Five sixty, five sixty on the 18th. He was, see, let's get out of that scraper way. All the extraneous crap. Let's get right down to what Neil is a son of a bitch. Okay, we're listening out here because we can't hit it off. But Neil is a no good, nasty, miserable son of a bitch. Okay, and we just makes this house hysterical and psychotic and we can't stand it. And if he would only turn the God, if he would only get with the program and get with God and Jesus and Moses and all these other furry tail figures that man made up. If he would just get with that, then we could say, all right, we really like you. Then we listen and then we admit that we listen instead of having to make up all these stories and lives and pretend that we only listen once a while by accident. Somebody's holding your gun to our heads. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Doctor. Last week Neil you were talking about the rudeness of people at the arena. And you had a caller and now I try to call you for a week on this guy. He told you in so many words, he let his kids run around and jumps up and being or he's not going to be. He said we have to deal with it. He's a man. I want to snap this guy. You know, there's a wonderful new invention called Children's Books that you could bring. So there's a better invention called a babysitter. Absolutely. Neil, you know, little kids have no, I really believe they have no right to be in an episode. He liked that if they can't sit in their chair. It's unfair to tell a kid you got to sit for three hours. That's what I work in. I don't think it's a good thing. It's a good thing. So you don't annoy the people. I want to smack this. Yeah, that was a little bit over the, this guy's house, this theater or Bramwell said him over to his house. They'll be okay. I got so angry with this guy. He, how he had the goal to say something like that is beyond me. There's no people have to learn respect to other people's face in this world. You know, why not head to head? You know why he had the balls to say that sir? That's the American fucking way. That's right. Yeah, not all the way Neil. Okay. Thank you. Good luck to us because we got a real bad surprise coming because it's not going to stop. Is it? No. Four minutes till noon is 5.60 WXUM with that son of a bitch is on the air every day screwing up your good time. That's right. I'll admit it. I'm a miserable, no good nasty son of a bitch. Woon and everybody sports in good time here on this station. That's why they hired me to come over here. Just to piss off those sports. They're like Barry Jackass over there at the Harold, the accounts potato. Right his randlings from the sofa this morning. Hey, Barry, ever get off the couch? No. Probably even take the dump on the couch. Yeah. A little piece of crap. Hey. God, don't get yourself all worked up about it. Your flu will come back. You get like a relapse. Okay. Sorry. I could can't keep his pecker in his pants. Oh, what? There he was just a walking on the sea sand. Who I did, did it, done, did it, do? He's a man from the land of calories. We send you what they're there, done, did it, done. He's good, he's good, he's bad, he's good. He's good, he's good, he's good, he's good. Change this water into one. The next thing I knew he had a Lehman on his feet saying. Dude, I'm there. They've done it, did it, done, did it, did it. Yes, they've done it, yeah. What's all my dog? My dog? What's all my dog? Any cure to the episodes? There's no fucking dog. Whoa, something's the son of God. Oh. There's no fucking dog. Yes, they do, but there's other people thinking so out. Now he's the reason that we have any sedation. And to what they say they don't dare to do. And he's the reason that all the Christians were saying. And to what they say they don't dare to do. They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down, praise him. And kneel down the men who are a story come. To what they say they don't dare to do. To what they say they don't dare to do. To what they say they don't do. To what they say they don't do. To what they say they don't do. To what they say they don't do. He's a choice. Come on, one to five, sixty. But he died for our sins. Don't you understand that. We can wash our sins away. If we just turned it Jesus. Don't you understand that? What's wrong with you, man? He died for your sins on that cross with the thorns and the whole of those prickly thorns. Anyway, here's a grotesque story. Mr. Realness hits dog tracks. Tython was something I was talking about here last week. The virus in St. Petersburg. The virus that killed six grayhounds at Durby Lane remains a medical mystery. The cause of it. According to a pathologist had performed an autopsy on one of the dogs. The 74 year old St. Petersburg track Durby Lane was closed on Saturday. In the wake of what one regular to call a bloody mess. A small coughing spell among the dogs left six dogs dead and four of this critically ill. There were other reports of disease outbreaks at Greyhound tracks in Hollywood and Fort Myers. The cause of the virus scared Greyhound protection league. A San Francisco based anti-racin group has urged owners to impose a nationwide quarantine at the Greyhound tracks. The league's Tampa Bay Coordinator Janet Skinner said dietary problems and unsanitary conditions could make animals in close quarters susceptible to infection. Are you following that? Unsanitary conditions and animals in close quarters. You know how they like breed chickens? You know they have more like milder around then of course. Those people say all the way raise our chickens in natural way and they like get to scratch the ground and stuff like that. As opposed to most of your chickens, which are like all like practically bread and a laboratory. You know, all jambed in their real paits of a catech in the historical and like getting ready to get floated like a meteor. Not sooner. So I mean what's the difference? You know dogs chickens, family stuff. Cats. We have an open line of day one and grow. 560 pound, 560 on the mobile one line. Highly a hello. Finally. How's it going? I'm a chronic. Meal. Meal. What does that mean? I call you quite a few times. Nobody owes things to what the talk you. Yeah. Okay anyway, I just realize everything you ever said about the post offices is very true. Yeah, they suck. They certainly do. I don't need three cents by the way. You better get that extra penny on your postage baby. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I just came back from a couple of post offices here in Highly. Yes. Yes. There are them once in spam. How do you like that? They got two cents. No way. That's the way they're going to squeeze that extra penny out of you. Now you'll be paying 34 cents. Everybody else will be paying 33, but you'll be paying 34. Because they want to squeeze the extra penny out of you. And they simply gave me the blank stare like I just landed from Ross on your ring. That's right. And the lady tells me, well, we have some locked up in the face. In the face, so I blew my top. Locked up in the safe. What did they locked up for? We need day. What do they wait and day? They were waiting for a supervisor to open up the face. And there's 1500 people practically in this post office. Yeah. Well, finally, I blew my top. They, I told them, give me a couple of these meter mails, strits. Whatever those little slurs that come out. And finally, oh, yeah, that's a good idea. So I got those slurs. Yeah, all our letters. Two cents. Well, do you want to pay for do like I do? Cullpett and he bows and gives yourself a posted meter. It took me like three seconds yesterday to change from 32 to 33 cents. I went in there. I went like that. There you go. I want to do a happy about it. But nevertheless, it says 33 cents on there right now. We have an open line at Broward 2 in day, 5 6705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line. They're very quiet today. It's another soft load among the real real quiet. And they're a kind of dumb, but that's not unusual. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Niel. Yes, how are you? Okay. You have to spread on the waterpull game between you see LA. Yeah, they'll be pretty mad on them. Oh, okay. Now this guy will kill this kid. Strangle them or through to head against the crib or whatever. Smashed his head against the wall. Yeah. You know, like you said, we got to put him on TV and just do the same thing to him crush his head. You know, we can say that all day, but that ain't going to happen. People will have an infant, though. You know, if they're the crime baby, you just let it cry. Yeah. You know, go turn over and rest. Well, again, we are missing the point. This is the man who is living with a woman who he's had made three babies with who was still married to some other woman that is a strange from. And this man is being allowed to walk around on the loose, making babies. He's a baby making machine with no responsibility. Hey, has no prior. No prior record of anything. Yeah, well, he does now. Of course he does. And I'll tell you what, if anybody, he better be an isolation in jail because, uh, Yeah, why not? Hey, what's going to happen? They don't like baby killers too much in jail. Good points, you're excellent. Excellent reminder. We have an open line of day one at Broward. 5.6705. 60 and pump 5. 60 on the mobile one line. And we'll have all kinds of psychologists coming up. And we'll have all kinds of studies they'll be doing. And there'll be all these, you know, it like that crap, the other they were, the little group, and on there again about that TV intoxication bullcraft. Yeah, we saw it on TV. Therefore, we did this. Therefore, we did that. And we did some other grotesque. We raped our little eight-year-old steps. Just because we saw it on the jury's finger. Right. Anybody believe in it? No. No. Just a few lawyers out there, ready to take that on and see how much money they can make for it. Here's Daniel. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hello, are you? Okay, sir. I wanted to tell you first time, call our longtime listener. I wanted to know about your website. Is it down? Or is theillogers.com is the only one still running? The other one is history. And we thank Kulio for the good job he did. But that's gone. Theillogers.com is there. Oh, okay. Great. Because I really liked the last one. It was fantastic. Right. Okay. Well, I'll do appreciate your time. Okay. Have a great day. We have an open line. A day-one and Howard. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 50. Pomp five, 60 on a mobile one line. Anybody got any material out there for us today? No. Here's a, hi. Wait a minute. I'll be back for a long line, but she'll do Lady and Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I have a quick question. Do you ever hear from Juan Mandallera? I don't see him on channel 7. No, I don't. He's working for the county or something. Now he got off at Channel 7. Oh, oh. He got a, he got a good job. He's working for the establishment. All right. Thanks, man. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. It's 80 questions day today. Okay. You know, Fred Hall, I used to be on it at your service. No. How about that website? Is that things still? No. How about the one, man? He talked to you later. He's going to come by. How's fat rich? He's still in the hospital. Oh, he's home. I don't can't do it. He's doing okay. Yeah. He's doing okay. Open line at Broward 2 a day. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Hi, Ali. Hello. You're a god. Yes, sir. We're from Ali. See, we are a seat. What a thing you know, but I have a, must we use people that are accused of a beating up, the children. Yes. I believe in a very large quantity. I couldn't say in mother 90%. These people are public assistance, or other words, welfare. My suggestion is anybody and everybody who's our welfare should be, should be given one to two, or one to two child ratio. Well, why one to two? How about zero? How about four sterilization if you want to. First, exactly. First, sterilization. You know, I'm basically a man, the second one. He's the right to me. Now, most of the way, the forced sterilized men, that's called castrations. Right. But the reason why I believe it has not taken place, or I does not have a child appeal to a public, there being ignorance by the churches or religious groups that are against not only ablaritions, but there are also against sterilization of people by church. There are against the family planning, as what you're saying, panoramic heard God forbid. We should do that because that means you have to educate people, and we don't like that because we don't like that because we don't like that. We want more babies, or we can't support in this big, mean nothing mean about our church. Also I trigger the indolent institution, co-operative institution, director. Thank you, sir. And God bless you. God bless you. Okay. And even Species yet, but I'm working on it. We have all three lines open and date, five, six, seven, five, six, six, and five, six, six, on a mobile one line. Why does God let these things happen? That's our pull question today. If there's a God in heaven, why is God busy? We're in about who's going to win the football game, and they have all these athletes, these Jacques prayer brick, but why is God let's say in their bullcraft, when it's a little baby, this little helpless innocent baby to get in her head back to the wall and die and dead? Let's hear the answer to that from some of the God damn God people out there. Okay. Why is God? Maybe he's got his priorities screwed up. Is that possible? Yeah. Maybe you ought to keep us out of the locker room, and more into that guy's living room. Or rather, to hell you, the kitchen. No, try and be posted, you moron. So, I'm a WV. The premier of Where My Woman At, Follow the hilarious, Miss Adventures of a white feeder and his battered woman, as she never gets the dinner on the table on time. Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston star with special guests. Oh, Jay, it's tonight on the WB. Oh, man. Where My Woman At, anyway. That's well-curtained at 560W to QM2, open lines in Dave County. We got Hank coming up at Chulis, take two at two at a clock. Looks to be at 680K in a gambling show 10 o'clock tonight. All of Dave, that is a dual nail, 560-70560, 550-60 on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in call spring, tell her. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Okay. Last week in just a few minutes ago, you talked about the Greyhounds. Yes. And the unnecessary slaughter in the bad conditions. Yes. Well, what about the unnecessary slaughter of harness horses? And the one on that, what slaughter is that? Where's that going on? What about the horses that don't make the waste track? No, they don't slaughter any. I've never heard of any horse being slaughtered horse. So I hate to break the news to you. The wake up is a shock. But horses only reproduce like one at a time, not in the living. They're still a 80-to-time, but they'd be more slaughter. You don't, you never see those 20-20 magazines in shows when they're shot in the head and used for horses. You never have that knife. I've never heard of that. Well, they can't destroy me. Yeah, okay. Or eat this, okay. Idiot. What was that? Was that a man or woman or something of under-turned or a human? Okay. We have an open line in the Broward and all three in the end. By the way, horse meat isn't that bad. 560, we're talking about that on a Friday. We're still in horse meat and all that bad. So I hear. You first. 560 and time 560 on the mobile one line. Two calls left on the board. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Four-laterdale. Okay. They're gone. Like I said, one call. Here's a lady mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Hey. You know how are you? Okay. Take your time. You were my last call of the week. Okay. Here. Let's see here. You were talking earlier with some people like, hey, how's so and so? And yes. No questions. You're asking. Didn't know if you'd heard about Jennifer Ren. Remember your buddy Jennifer Ren? Yes. I think she's up in Palm Beach here. Yeah. I know that. Yes. We are a little bit. I thought she was a buddy of yours. She was really sweet. I remember she was a family yours and you're a fan of her and my is a husband. She was up here. Yes, I do. She's been there a long time and we know that for a long time. And have a small day. Okay. We have an open line at Broward and all three and date. 560, 560, 560 on Small Chat. Let's make some small talk today. Okay. Hey, by the way. You heard about Dan Stewart. How's he doing? Oh, we're fine. And you heard about that. Yeah. Now, I was going to say that. Well, yes, sir. I've been about all the got people there. The answer your question is God works in the area. There he goes. He works in mysterious ways. Don't be asking these questions because it makes this very upset. That's that they're in for everything. Yeah. You notice every time I bring one of these things up, there's never one person out there who can answer. You know, well, you want to do like that Jack has to call before. I want to go on the attack. But when you ask them to, well, you know, give you a rational answer. They can't do it because it's garbage. And they know it's garbage. But, you know, they have no brain left. That's exactly it. I expect somebody to reason and a function when they have no brain left. They've allowed their brain to be stolen from them. Well, that's their answer when they don't have an answer. God works in the mysterious area. That's why he also heard that. They don't come. Motion mysterious ways to his while here. We have an open line at Broward 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. See, under DNH, under Duneau harm, this guy doesn't get a reprieve. Like the born again, Christians with that bullcraft blood. Well, if he would accept Jesus, then no matter what he does, it's okay. Like Hitler, that bullcraft. No DNA, so we don't allow that. You did no chances. Once you do something violent and go test, then I'm acceptable. Like that. It's like, yeah. And that's the way it works. Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. I'm Colin Deluchino. It has an eye really missing you on TV every night. Well, forget about that. That's dead meat. In another question, I haven't been able to hear you too much. Because I worked during the day and when I loved to play radio, but have you been still watching, guiding me? Yes, today. I'm glad you mentioned that today is going to be the big day. Who was in that bed that Reva and Josh thought the end of the show on Friday? Well, you talk about keeping it hanging over the weekend. I think Terry. Terry, you mean? Some, yes. Somebody looks just like Terry. The one that, the real Terry. Real Terry. Yeah. So in other words, you stole her identity and her face. That's what she said, don't you remember? Yeah. It's amazing how the original Annie. Remember how she used to be a real big broad with a big head. And she turned to this mouthy-looking thing. It's wonderful. And she also had a really big chest too, as I said. Right. All right. She had these huge hooters. Now she's like, I got razor nuts. Yeah. Don't you wonder what's going on? She must have got a faceless and a body lift too. Yeah. But we know what's going on. Well, if it's good enough for her, I'm going to find out where she got it. Well, and what do you think about, I just want to know, because I know you was guideline. It's just really irritating me. You think that when they took the other Michelle bar off, they put the original girl. They put the rear that little bit. The way we were told when it was a little girl on there. She is the ugly, the most up noxious. How could you take somebody as beautiful as Michelle and put an actress on a little girl. It looks like somebody just ran over with a goddamn two by four. Yeah. I'm in like, we would not figure it out. Like we wouldn't know what we're going on. Well, we're a little slow. You know, they know that sooner or later will accept anything. Well, you know what? I probably still watching. I've called the view. The, the, that, I mean, you were got hot lines. Yeah. And I, and I have complaints. Well, I tell him we want Jay and Zach back to. Well, you got India back. What do you think of that? Forget it. Have a great day. Okay. I'll be watching a three. And by the way, Billy, butcher him up a little bit. Given some bush pills. We have an open line in Broward, 5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 5 60, and a mobile one. We're looking for the answers ladies and gentlemen. We want the word of God here today to tell us how come this little girl Scott killed by this of barbaric piece of crap who's running around making babies. See, this is the social thing in America today. We got everybody's talking about all this other bullcraft, but in the mean about the president getting blow jobs, but at the same time, you know, the president of the make any babies by getting blow jobs? No. No. See, I hate to break the news here for genius. People don't get pregnant from blow jobs. They might get a stained raster to here or there, but they don't get pregnant. So, maybe he was doing this smart thing. Maybe the president was giving a lesson to all the young people in this country about say sex, huh? About there's other ways of getting your rock soft beside intercourse. There you go. Let's roll with that. I think a lot of these guys in Congress might take a lesson from that school. I were now a vending that they got illegitimate kids from years ago like Dan Coates at Tettowins. So, how do you like that? Here's South Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to talk about Jim Manders. You know, if you had someone who... We'll call him and talk to Jim Manders, okay? Jim Manders. You're talking about Jim Manders. I'll be here calling him and he's sure like they got to try to give me a shot at Hank last week. Show some balls. He'll be on the station on the weekend or fill in for Hank or wherever he's on. Call up Jim Manders and talk to him, okay? Jim Manders is great. Jim Manders is guy. You must have got what Jim Manders on this show. You must have got the wrong guy, right? You bet. Jackass. We have an open line that maybe you should have said something good about him. I don't know. I don't want to talk about Jim Manders. We have an open line at day five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty animal animal animal. You sports losers, losers, losers. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How are you doing now? Okay, sir. I'm good just guy. We ought to give you guys and people who do so right they would do so to kid and just just from them. But they would take the body of government. You know what I mean? Dude, the long of the state. Yeah. I started to first agree murder. You can believe when we go to court they're going to do it down part of the man's lawyer. They mean to do it. No, they don't forget that. They wouldn't have made him do it. Yeah, they're going to say they're going to get a few. You know what I mean? They mean that. So his team was losing whatever game you had to be watching on the team. Yeah, I got you. Yeah, right. You know what I mean? I want to go to the mobile dealer review. I know he's listening right now. Okay. All right. See you. What he said? We have two open lines in days five, six, seven, five, sixty and palm five, sixty animal animal animal animal animal. Let's get with the program here. Let's get the god answers in here. Come on. I'm waiting. I'll listen very patiently and very respectfully. Okay. One of the messengers of God calls into the form all of us. How God sits back and lets this grow test barbaric stuff goes on and doesn't intercede. Doesn't reach down. It is magic wand or magic finger. What about how he's got and protect his little child is defensive little baby. I'm waiting on it. Okay. All these other people are going to the answers that quote all is, there's bubble mice. All this mumbo jumbo script your bullcraft. I'm waiting for something that makes them sense that living and breathing people can relate to. Instead of a lot of crap that was written by stupid ignorant people thousands of years ago. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, no one else. Yes, sir. Okay. Either way. I hope that guy that killed the chick. I hope they make a golden place in our change out of his shoes when he gets to jail. All right. Also, I think I know what's making the driver's in Miami crazy. I live over by the airport. The tourist that want to read their map and the middle of roads like Luzune. They're off to be along. Yeah. The tripers are coming. I think the driver's crazy in fact they fit in like a glove here. There's a perfect place for them. If you're a bad driver come to town, you'll fit right in. They'll even know you're a tourist. I know Miami's making a lot of money off there. But until I get home, the mercenaries says to me, we got our tourist tolerance checked mail today. We can eat out. They're going to continue to get the international final English number one and I'll come meet. Okay. Good luck, sir. And let's, uh, there's a way to solve it. Just call the chamber conference. Some stop advertising. Let's tell to what you're not welcome here. There you go. Dave County's open 567. 560. Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. All 400 lines in date. Wait, Nanya. We're still waiting for that message from. They'll come. But in the Lord, we're waiting for a very reasonable answer. Okay. Come on. I know he works in the serious ways. But let's put it in words that we can all understand because we're a little bit slow, I guess. It was a little bit more binding. All your bullcrant. We're a little bit slow. Here's a mobile in Lauderdale, Excel. Hi. Yes, sir. Great job. Fairly listener. I just want to tell you about a bumper sticker. I saw the other day. Yeah. Half the mall. It's on an emergency. Your first call should be the Jesus. Not the 911. There you go. Maybe if this guy after we lost his temper and beat this little kid's head into the wall, if he would have just called out for Jesus, maybe she'd still be alive today. Yeah, that or he went. Jesus Christ, call 911. Yeah, there you go. Hey, that's how you do it. Can you play Gordon this day? How are you played a certain heavyweight life? Okay. And play a Gordon is pretty pissed off a lot of two, by the way. Or is it Gil Gordon? I keep getting confused. We have an open line in date one in Broward, 560, 750, 550, and a mobile one line. Where's Brad from Tony's with that soup by the way? Even a Brad by the way. What? What? How was she? Over here from that, you know, our good friends at Tony's Brad is sent in something over here with that soup and whatever you got. Cause I need my soup bad. Actually, I'm, you know, little, make it a little bit of progress. It's slow. It's like the doctor says it waxes and wings. God, that's my favorite expression that they use. Waxes and wings. In other words, we really don't know what it is, but it'll come and go. And if you're lucky, you'll still be alive. Don't take it personal, Doc, but it's getting a little bit old. You know what I'm saying? I'm just going to go home and take 20 or 30 benadryl. So be ready tomorrow. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? Hi, I'm calling about two things. One about the little girl. I happen to be a mother of three. Yes. And I work every day of my life to make a living. And I believe in my heart, the reason that they just keep killing these things off. They don't do nothing about it. It is to just let these people go around and breed whoever they want to breed. And raise these babies so they can collect a little bit more welfare every day. And I was the other issue there was on the horses. Work at the racetrack. We have a stable horses at the racetrack. And the horses live a pretty good life over here. And then they go out to adoption agencies. So where was there was just some bed-out-of-shape dog track person that was calling a micking up a vegetable crap? Yeah, well, she was just getting her actually together. All you have to do is bring up anything about the dog track. She had about how barbaric this thing is with all the puppies that they keep breeding and gasping. Right away, they start going on a attack because they can't defend it because they know that it's true. Right. Well, I just wanted to call and tell you them two things. And that's the way I really feel about the little girl and about the horses and have a great day. Okay, and back to you. Okay, we have an open line in David One and Broward. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. What Sodom Hussein was over there doing the poison gas number on the Kurds on his own people in Iraq, how come God didn't stick his magic wand in there or intercept that poison gas on miracle? How come all those miracles used to happen there thousands of years ago when all those superstitious primitive people were alive? Well, those people are Muslims. Yeah. Oh, it's a wrong God. How come what does name didn't do it? How come my hammer dolly didn't do it? Huh? Elijah my hammer dolly. How come he didn't stick his magic to, oh, that's right. He's the not feeling good. 26 past noon at 560 WQ. And I'm going to tell you this Mike Tyson thing, anybody in this audience and I know you're going to do it. You probably won't even admit it. I'm not even in this audience that's going to wind up paying 50 bucks for the bummer that month by this Saturday. Man, they got to come to your house and take you away and put you in a rubber room. They ought to put you in a God name. Remember, people are starving to death, okay? We all waste a lot of money on a lot of frivolous stuff. But anybody that's going to pay 50 bucks on that man, you might as well have a God name bonfire in the backyard. Oh, no, you're ruining our good time, God data. You didn't understand. You're just out of real man. Thank God. 26 past noon at 560 QMC. That's the Peter Weller factor too. That's why they will call me about that. Today figure that a real athlete, he's a God, the big, big guy that goes out there and beats us not out of everybody else. That's what real sports is all about. Especially when he picks on a guy, God comes up to his perfect. That's always a real tremendous fight. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. Every good Christian knows it came to play. It's not too very hard to do. Oh, the name of the game is the Bible of death. You're the perfect Christian where we do. Tell people you know the way. If I dare to your heart, make their possessions away. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in faith. You make the Bible say it to you. Come on, come on. So matter what you do, you can be good. Great. The horse will always bore his youth. Think of the poison this day. And I will say, wait, then all around. I'll love it. Find the fortune's in it. I love it. And you deduct your doubt. Everybody, play your walk with your pain. Come on, you shall be so wicked. Be so proud that it's your kid. Oh, right. You're to the right of the town. The truth is, you're the one who's got faith. The Bible says it has to be laid about. The Bible says it is made to be laid. The Bible says it's made to be laid. You deduct it. You deduct it. Remember, you won the 550 W2M4 sterilization is our topic today. Any volunteer's out there so far? No. We have an open line in Brouard Two and Dave 560 550, p. 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile informed letter. Hello. And no yes, sir. This is a little insight as to maybe why not get any of these God followers to answer your question I'm out there sure they're listening. Oh, good listening, but here I was reading an article yesterday that this Madonna Started doing this cabala The interest in it has almost quadruples classes popping up at us. Oh right. What's what? All you're trying it. Yeah, you asshole. Sorry So that that's a little perspective. That's why you don't get me that. Yeah Oh man, this lady can have me. Okay. Good luck. You sir tell her she's gonna rot in hell We have an open line in the Broward to in date by 6705 60 pound by 60 on the mobile one line All you know, and you notice they're out there listening because every now and then when they're in the right mood Or when somebody tells them to the call up. Oh, you've got a burden hell and they'll condemn me and you know Spu their venom on me. But you ask a very reasonable question which somebody asked a little while ago They've got the response to it Just you know, just abusing and heaping a lot of scorn on somebody any asshole can do that But having a rational conversation or trying to explain something to support your point of view Well, that takes a little bit of common sense in brain which if you had that in the first place You wouldn't be believing all that horsecraft Here's a mobile and haven't sure hello. Hey, now. How you doing? Okay? No, I forget about God. We need to take matters into our own hand. Yeah, we need to change the rules. We need to cut their peckers off Yeah, never they murder a kid or rape anybody. I promise you that'll be a great deterrent I think he's got a pet though. I didn't know anything about a burden the story We have to open line in the brown all three and date five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line two lines left in the board here We are really smoking here for a Monday, baby We've got the heavy duty craft going now and there's still no response out of these dead heads up there Because you really put you know you put the pedal to the metal and you put there You really put the test to them and they can't respond That's the problem anybody can call off anonymous down a guy named talk show That's that that that that you know and start doing their verbal attack and their attack then But when you ask them something specific and say okay put your guy damn brain where your mouth is can they do it? No, they can't Because there are a bunch of brainwash simple things is what it's all about those are the masses out there brainwash simple And somebody else told them about your bullcraft. Oh, okay. That's how it's gonna be whatever you say Here's a mobile in the home sound hello uncle Neo yes, sir. I'm a former seminary student Yeah, and a conformed Reverted born again Christian I'm happy to announce that The sanity I yes, I decided that I can actually take responsibility for life and getting a sitting observation in here sir Thank you, sir. So hopefully you and I will burn and held together right Uh, and answer to the question about I think that the problem you know is that Let's see you've got some some woman with an alcoholic wife theater for a husband who's Messed as a child and The other way that she's gonna overcome that stuff is through months or perhaps even years of therapy and and really so Self-insight and and work and war she can just accept the Lord Jesus this savior That's a lot of things right take care of it in about a half an hour No, but the thing I'll go to the other students is that the Immemalien coming up you can release group shot there in Israel I can understand that a world Yeah, of course Well, I'm crazy if you're not like most of the people that are paranoid about the Y2 keep out most of those people are crazy in the bedbug You know, focus focus. See as soon as so you know everybody's super stitches to a point You know walk it under a ladder or the number 13 and then you know They're fun little things you can be superstitious about well when it controls your life and you start doing things in an aberrant way because your social Persistent that you become just totally out of control then we got real problems Okay, I have a great life and you okay At least they Charles temple to reset you Charles has to Charlemagne we have an open line in the day 5 670 560 and pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's a Fort Waterdale hello That's an in the oh yes, sir. You hear about an A1A just north of the those girl bridge This tall letters along the fence is convict Clinton. No, I did not well It's there and it's mounted in their tall is it our canvas. Yeah big Fort foot letters. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news Okay, we have two open lines of day two and brown word 5 670 560 and pound 560 I'm out do you hear about it George? You hear about it? All right, let me get little half figure way up in there. You hear about it? No, I would look at that Jesus Look at that one. I've been in there for about two years. I think Whoo Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. The audience is very much out of the weather. They're collectively ill today I live really it's the biggest problem. You really believe that we live in paradise Meaning what meaning you act Acroclaimed about time I mean what is what we got happy to do with paradise what about You only provide the only paradise I see are hanging from a rearview mirror in a lot of cars for the weekends especially for that Yeah, you believe there's no such thing as heaven sir. There's no such no Let me ask you a question. Where is heaven? Have you no heaven? Not sir, let me ask you. I don't ask you. Don't answer a question with the question where is heaven Where is heaven? Yeah, heaven happens to be the world beyond thing that you don't believe this a world beyond and put the reason It's a massive the Sir there's a gigantic green monster stuck deep inside your recto and if you don't believe there's a gigantic green monster stuck inside recto and prove it to me. Okay They always love to do that. Yeah. I'm gonna propose a whole bunch of fairy tales and you have to prove it to me that it's not true prove to me there's no god prove to me there's no heaven prove to me There's no big whatever it is that he's talking about on be believable very set and almost the set is the fact I got one call after the board One call left on the board here on the day when we're really putting you to the challenge the $64,000 challenge That's the best we can do is a bozo like him prove it to me that it's not there There's a god then there's a there's a beetle there's a beetle that looks just like John Lennon stuck inside your naval right now Proved to me. It's not there. It's inside pal proved to me. It's not there and it's gonna walk it's way all the way down to your echo Okay prove to me. It's not in there man You better go get yourself sliced open right now get that damn beetle out there before John Lennon does some bad stuff you okay? Before you start imagining that you got John Lennon inside your body Crazy people it's that crazy hockest poucus baby. It's out there don't you believe it's out there no. Oh Paradise Let me say it again you see it all over town lots of rearview mirrors paradise hanging from them go out to Vegas You see your paradise that even got a street name paradise out there and Compared to here believe me it is paradise 22 till one is 5 60 W QA and I think maybe tomorrow morning if Ray Perry shows up down here We'll talk to him about paradise because Paordies people here. They talk and go game Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa and then today deliver. No. They don't they just don't care like the scientists near the room Just give us the F C. K. I.NG money is what it says. That's what it says. Just give us the Fing Money And pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, up, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, giddy new world, you wave thingers are all down there cool your hand? Yeah, How you going? Everyone I'm talking with you you guys start with love and surprise you come in thatAudience is am tired of the moment ok but all you will get is you and my friend stars aren't much you help Oh let he slow down you to the moment that he dreaming into the night you get a good what now the thing we called hey no but doesn't in here when there is a voice header Anyas my soul on yanny Three main words comit language I dream about telling if he original night you guys approach that couple and it's a high touch personality talking about. 567560. That's what it's got pissed off on people like you come to the pearly gates and they ask the first question and you go like that. You're out, you're going to be burning in just a matter of moments. You'll be on that shuttle straight to hell. Here's plantation. Hello. Okay. Have a nice day to you too. Here's a mobile in the highly. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I have a response who we're having is. Yeah. I think it's between. Yeah. You're Mars in Uranus. Yeah. Open line in date to and Broward. 560560. 560 on a mobile one month. What's the story with the Zupa? They got signed by one of their drivers so it's on its way. Oh, geez. We don't want to get up step right because you've been very nice to us. We give a lot of preplugs up their totes and your food is really sensational and it's super really hits the spot when you're a little bit on the weather like most of us are. 560560 on a mobile one month. You better call right away. I'm going to put on a goddamn billpar cell press conference again. Okay. In fact, better than that, we'll follow it up with the press conference with somebody who's so illiterate that you won't be able to understand a word they'd be saying. Okay. If you don't get with the program. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, Neil? Okay. Yeah. I was going to ask a call from my job here. Praise show as always and always draw my lunch breaking listen to you. What happened to our micronere. Okay. We have the open line in the date all three of them. 560560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I just had a comment to make about that. I just think that the people that aren't calling up to defend their religion is horribly sad because they're not bright enough to defend the human. Then how can those people judge mental ones out there who are always condemning all our rest of us because we don't share their fairy tales. How come those people can do that but they can't defend their beliefs? How is that possible? I just don't know. See, and of course, when you ask your question like where is God when something horrendous and grotesque like this happens. Like when Susan Smith's kids were drowning in that car, where was God the intervene? I mean, even Superman would have come down and lifted the car out of the goddamn water. Well, it'd be easier to believe in Superman. If you got out of the wheelchairs, even he could have done it. Right. Okay. So you have a great day. Yeah. Well, wait on. You just find less cowards. You don't have to courage your own conviction. That's the problem. Easy to talk in good game when you're talking glimmering jet-a-rwell. He's could have you been brainwashed with a bunch of bubblegum. I see like these poor kids. I'm just here's my heart out. When I see these people walking around with those beanie's on their head. That's why I used to wear them on a stupid TV show to make a point and you know something. Nobody who saw the show got the point. They didn't get it. People will come out. Where's your y'all look good enough? They didn't even get it. The point that I was trying to make. So you don't try to do anything subtle in this town because it goes right on their heads instead of over them. Like a y'all look at. Why do you make your kids walk around the subject of ridicule and score like there's something out of the stone age? And then the orthodox who are walking around with a pay-a-sum of the keys is quite getting the guy down 20th century. Will you? Five, six, seven. Look at this board. This is impossible. This is absolutely impossible. Then we can have such a boy. If there's anybody listening to this radio station who knows more than just where do they put the jackstraps on in the dolphin locker room. If there's anybody be side that. They sure. You know what we got to do? I'll tell you what. I'm just going to get them to pay me for these next four years and we'll just play all the press conferences between 10 and two every day. Then we don't have to waste all that time on the other show. You know what I'm saying? That's right. They will leave them all the good time to do the good stuff. Take all those brilliant sports calls. We'll just run the press conferences back to back you every day from 10 to two. That's what you're going to get. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 50, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Pembroke Pines. Hello. Mobile number Pines. Yes, sir. Hey, now how are you doing? Okay. Okay. I'm well, I work for a local government and they come by for the United Way and they ask, you know, which I like to fill with that. I need to go over. Yeah. So also looking, I'm caught. You know, any components of their problems? So yeah, do you have anything for staying in a new dream program? And do you give me this like look like, no, we don't do that. Why not? I know. That's why I said why don't you have a look at it. What's the structure? Really? Instead of getting money to a lot of charities where about 80% of it goes to bureaucratic bulkcraft and very little of it goes to anything worthwhile, like United Way. You know, I'm a firefighter and we get this a call for the child of this call. We end up going to hospital. So HRS shows up. It's January 3rd and it goes, yeah, this is my 307th complaint for the state already. It's going January 3rd. And it's 307 calls or a for child abuse already. It's only January 3rd. Yeah, well, Lord, Lord must be busy, but you know, certainly odds on those football games. Yeah, and I must be getting ready for that big Super Bowl in the sky. You know, that's not far off. Well, one other thing is the fact that the church, the thing is, you know, they don't want you to have birth control, you know, they want to have all these kids. It's amazing. No birth control, you know, no abortion, no, none of that. Forks and poverty, but the church likes the numbers, no pal. Okay, have a great day in the FSA and force their life. Force their realization association. That's their new authority. FSA. FSS. Force their realization society of America. FASA. That's right. We can step you faster than you can make them. We have an open line in day five six seven, five six, the pump five, six, the on the mobile one line. What's wrong with that? Makes too much guy damn sense. Doesn't it? Uh-huh. Start sterilizing these people. These irresponsible lunatics. And if you're including a lot of your juxtap that on you guys, worship, all in idolize. That's right. They're running around like I said, pollinating. They make it a baby over here and make it a baby over there. And then every now and then they beat up the baby or they beat up the woman, they're woman or both. Or like, oh, Jay, they just, you know, they get a little bit too pissed off. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got a question for your religious buddies out there. What are you all you're never getting an answer? Well, I'll go ahead. Question is why did God take a married woman to have his son? Why couldn't he have picked someone? And he had his choice, right? Why couldn't he take a woman and wasn't married? Yeah. Because the reason is Mary? Wasn't Mary? Yeah. Mary. Mary. The other thing is, too, right? We're supposed to be all God's children. Aren't we God's children? Would you treat your children the way God treats his? No, I would not. So that makes up better than God, doesn't it? Evidently. Well, they made a woman made up these storytellers. Probably made up a really sick twisted God. This God, it gets pissed off and his wraths you'll back shot and he's always up punishing and he's always got the and then Pat Robertson comes to an amount. Oh, you, you fast better stuff. But those signs up there in Orlando because we're going to get all those hurricanes blown through there. All this other crap. Yeah, there's a lot of blow-in-goin on Pat and I think most of your people are the ones who are doing it. We have an open line of day five six seven a soup is here by the way. Oh God. Now we're talking important stuff. I forget these stupid bonehead calls. We got soup. We got a little bit of a penicillin here, baby. Orthodox Jewish penicillin, even got a little yarmaker, why not top of it. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Good to as always. I like Mickey Chambers who press Q to play. We have an open line in the two of them in days five six seven five fifty five six the on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, this Neil. Yes, it is. You know, Dad. I'm from a long time listener. I just came down from uh, last Tuesday, about two years ago and a call on Friday about a guy with kosher water and a casino sort of typifies the self-floor experience. Yeah, that's right. If I look at you, I can't let it. Thank you. He tried to pedal kosher water of the masses. That didn't work. And so now he's doing bogus casino. It isn't really a casino and then try to stick you in a way. A crusher. And of course, like everybody else trying to use this show to promote the fun and uh, thank you, thank you. Open line in Broward two and day five six seven five sixty five five sixty on the mobile one line. In fact, I shouldn't say anything. They probably have spots where I'm running on here pretty soon. No one this sales up it. Yeah. Here's Kendall. Hello. Painial. Yes sir. Happy New Year. Back to you. I uh, raised the Jew. There is no God. I believe, basically. And uh, want to be a macarina for the first time yesterday. Mm-hmm. It's circus. Oh, the city of the circus. Yeah. Thanks again by the way to the BSL for holding up the traffic for 10 minutes. So the circus could bring all our elephants and crap in there. That was a nightmare. That was real nice. Thank you. A lot of guys. Do you see, it's our little bit small. I didn't believe everything that everybody said. In the corners, the streets are very small. They have to have their baby seats. In fact, and in fact, what they ought to do is take the corners to make everybody happy and put all the little infants that people bring with a stick they're asking the corners. They're seats old. They're asking a fit in those seats perfectly. I have like little baby sitters controlling them during the game. And then let their rest of the seat again. I had to relocate my beaver. It kept popping off. That was only the only problem. But no, you know, it was nice. Yeah. So that's it. Have a great day. Okay. And back to you. What does that mean? It was nice. He liked the circus. It was nice. And after we're about to wait like going on about the clock all the other stuff. Because there's nothing that has to do with hockey that works right in the arena. It's all the other restraining stuff because they know there's no real hockey fans. Anyways, that's that painting the S on the video. Date County, all three lines waiting on your 560 50560 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Halea. Hello. Yeah, sir. I'm not going to say the word DTFD. But you have two subjects real quick. One is brother religious fanatics. If you've got made it created, I see you have to create the devil. You have to create the abuse of people out there. How do they explain a god like that? The god that they have the Bible is supposed to be a loving god. You know, the loving god. How does god permit this kind of craft to go on? God is truly powerful. He would intercede. You know, we saw that in superman. We saw that in Batman. We saw it all in Captain Marvel. They would intercede and they wouldn't allow these evil things to go on. That's true. The other thing is, did you read them? They Harold editorial on Sunday about interesting thing about Trent Lot and the group that he's affiliated with is a white supremacist right that he suddenly says, oh, I didn't know that. He didn't really mean it. Just like Robert Bird by the way, you used to be a member of the Ku Klux plan. You are a word of that sir. No, it wasn't word of many years ago. Very strangely. And now, of course, Robert Bird is, you know, he's holier than now. And he's the guru of the set of his 150 years old. He seen the evil of his ways. He also, he also chaired appropriations committee in which half of all the money is given out were with his state of West Virginia. And they have like a fraction of the roadway that the rest of us do. Well, maybe they got all that. But for reasons committee, we all have the procreation committee sir. And they ought to do the FSF to force their organization to study a media of not sooner. Thank you so much. As in hypocritical right wing, a bull crap artist Trent Lot. Although it be honest with the heat you're not to be thoroughly moderate compared to some of these other guys. We have an open line. See, I guess, Pat Buchanan isn't satisfied. You know, he's got all his buddies there. He's got all those right wingers in the house. And they're all the mirror. I guess making them an offer that can't refuse. Oh, yeah, witnesses. Whatever you say, take that gun off my temple. Just like the Tommy Dorsey thing was Frank Sinatra. Take that gun off my temple. And I'll think, go, I think we need those witnesses real bad. I mean, how can the media sit back and not, you know, do they have all timers? Is that what it is? We're all supposed to forget about Henry Hyde and all those other right wing Republicans in the house. We're screaming in the oven. We don't need any witnesses. It's all on the record. We have the grand jury testimony. And I will all this supposed to forget about it. Is that it? So, like, this is so they could drag it out and hopes that during the weeks that they drag it out, another one of these Jane Dulles or somebody's going to come forward. Jane Dull number 500. What are you reading, by the way? The appeal points have. Oh, good suit. By the way, thanks a lot, Brad or Tony, whatever you name it. Ben for late that never. Here's a lady in Carl Spring, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Do things. How come you can go and murder a whole entire country? And on your desk bed, you can beg forgiveness and still go to heaven. Because Jesus said so, that's why. But that's not right. Well, I need to look, any logical, rational person would never accept such nonsense. But people who obviously have no brain left in her head, they know you have to make sense to me because all you got to do is accept the Lord and the audio audio right. Right. And you can do anything you want. As long as you're dead for giving this sentence. Okay. This is a very convenient way to say that they fall in. You know, they always forgive. They forgive the sinner as long as he repents in his born again. Then he's okay. No matter what it is that he did, like, if OJ accepted Jesus tomorrow, then we can forget about Cole and Ron Gullbent. And now he's a good guy and put it back on NBC. Yep. Second thing, I thank you some pages today from that book, Frozen Khan. Yeah. I was wondering if you got it. But I have it. But I hate that way. I read the book. Yeah. I do have the book. I know when that was a screaming about it. I love it. I just finished it. In fact, you know, let me say it again. Like I said, when I first talked about it, we had one of the authors on the phone on the show a couple weeks ago. Let me say it again. Why is it that this which is supposedly a sports station doesn't have the authors of a book like that, which is really got some great stuff in it. And the public has a right to know, and how come they're not talking to them? And I know when there has to talk about it. See? I mean, I have a whole, heavily hurt enough dumb press conferences already from a little with Jack on. I think so. That's our media guys when we watch football now. We have to look up everybody's name and see what they've been arrested for. Exactly. There you go. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a good day. Bye bye. Open line at Broward 560 5050 5050 on the AT&T Wireless line. So long to two hours. This revigion scene was not full of me. They held a big convention. Let me in for three. I don't know idea what I was about to see. Oh, they were speaking in tone. That may be a belief. Those were now embraced me. I bet my tongue's used to be. Those are turns around. Whatever I do, it'll forgive me. Because now I speak in tone. That may feel a little bit of a mess. And I'm having fun. Playing around with my mouth. Now I speak in tone. I'm going to say I want to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to be taking out. I'm going to be ever going to crawl by the way. I'm going to be able to get a call from some good believer out there. I'm going to switch faith in my beat. I've got to go test everyone. I was just mentioning the George. The show we were talking about on Friday about that mass murderer. Look at the killer. Those girls at Michigan State. They found that they found that two-laced facility. They had all worked up as a weapon. The parents mentioned how you had been brought up in a real good religious family. Like Susan Smith and David Correction. All these other are misfits. You've been brought up with a good old-time religion. And then all of a sudden he started getting real kind of strange on him. Can't imagine why. But we're still waiting by the way. Because there are a lot of us inquiring minds want to know. How come the Lord sits back and allows innocent little infants to be butchered like this? Here's a mobile in-core spring. Hello? No. Yes sir. I've heard of the radio you're going nuts. And I've been thinking about what you've been talking about. Yeah. All I can say is first you know who I'm buddy. What? First you know who I'm. Yeah. That's right. Okay, thank you. Okay, he's teaching me. He's preaching to the choir. We have an open line in Broward 560-560-560 on the 18-2-Wyrlust line. He's been sick and the best he could come up with is something I've really told him. Okay, I've been in the age. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello? Lady in Miami? Oh, I guess it helps you by personal buttons. Yes, man. Sorry about that. It's all right. I just want to comment on this God. God, very clear. Yeah. Well, God is right. Most people are very primitive and it's evolution or you say they lost their mind. They never had it. We only used about 10% of our minds. Yeah. And they first realized that by the way. I think most of those have the capacity when you're born even if you have bad genes. I think most people have the capacity to understand a little bit more about life than these ridiculous neural fairy tales that they're brainwashed with. It's a personal one. It's first of all. It's there is something as way beyond our conception. They make it like a Superman big guy. He's up there, God. He's looking down on us, protecting us like like big daddy. Like he's holding over us making sure we're going to be okay. It's so primitive. It's a big man. It's a big man. It keeps massing down and it's just outrageous. And of course when you're dealing with black people who of course have been kept under the thumb of the white people in America for hundreds of years now this is a very convenient way. It's the pedal and all those religious bullcrap. So they you know you throw a lot of throwing a bone. So here's something to hang on to. Even though we're not going to give you an education, we're not going to give any real opportunities. Here's some good old time of the religion. Hang out of this bullcrap. That's open. And unfortunately they really bite onto with man. They grab onto wooden the squeeze of tight. Why aren't you, you're so you're refreshing and happy to. And God bless you. Thank you. We have an open line of day five six seven five six to give an accurate old time religion. Baby. Little kids being tortured up here by barbarians were making babies left in the mic. We got a man in a dress running around the world. Tony everybody go make as many babies as they possibly can't all the slippers in Latin America. Make all the babies. So we can have more and more illegal aliens in Miami. There you go. I don't know if you have all these illegal aliens unless they're making a lot of babies. Good point. Because people aren't leaders. People are followers. People are sheep. People aren't thinkers. People are like, oh, and I love the one term. Which one of the jocks on the game is I think was out of Viking game yesterday. Keep using the word proactive. I kept thinking to myself, are we going to finally have closure on this? Is he going to stay seriously? Is he going to say it one last time so we can have some closure? If he didn't say proactive five million times, part of that great 90 speak in America that it's part of that balloon with double talk. You have to take a proactive role and then then we can all have closure. Right. Whatever that means. Here's Carl's praying below. Yeah, new. Yes sir. All right. Can I call somebody to do that? Yeah, go ahead. Jim McCall. And we'll say amen. Open line a day one at Broward 567. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's, uh, I'm on the wrong line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neo. Yes sir. Are you loving Maple Leafs turn town on Wednesday? Yeah. And they picked up Barard and happy about that. Yeah. Never been to the new arena. Can I get the Galvesty center? No, you can't get the skill. Most Galpent on here. They'll say the right to the who's go. Can we? What do I do to get Maple Leafs tickets? Call up try to get the pantant back. Call up your watch a call. The ticket master really. The more you try to get some, so man. Otherwise watch it on TV. Two open lines a day five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. The pound five sixty. There's a guy sucking around for ticket town. Bursting. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach. Hello. Lady in North Miami Beach. Yes, man. Am I speaking to real magic? It sounds just like you. Yes. Oh. I have a long time listener. Uh-huh. And it's like I've been waiting for Clark to have a long time. But this is nothing to do with the talking to the doctor. I'm sure. During Christmas, you know, when they hit the wishbooks and everybody else, well, they hit a family of nine children that they were giving off just to the numbers very happy about. But they took them to Bluebie's house. Did they say, rooming bills? Yes. She's what a shopper's like that. You'd love her blooming bills. The list is this. And they spent nine thousand dollars. Yeah. And one family. There's an add something. I thought that was ludicrous. Well, other people are starving. Why couldn't they have taken to the dollar store would have been pretty fast? Or even that have been very fast? Five six families. Or maybe you see Penny's discount. Where house store? That would have been better. I thought it was terrible. Yeah. And by the way, after your phone count. Rochester? Yes. Okay. I'll see you at COPSIL. As soon as it falls out. Bye-bye. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sorry,Justin. We'll be there. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank he's going to help you. Okay. Okay. We've moved into houses and something like the legacy. Okay. Oh. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, here's where is the love? From your loving God. That should be interceding and stopping all of this barbaric bullcraft. And that of course, that of course, they'll have the funeral, and they'll say, oh, she didn't God's hands now. She's with God now. Oh, man, give me a break. Dave County lines are open 560-505-60 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Limits, 1095-60QAM. Where do you find Joe Rose just to forest and feed gold to her? Crispy, right where are you, Godhead? 430-560-QAM. No, 50-0, Daniel, or the Lekorda, I'm a Reload man. All right, Dave, gather round the man's is ready. On the count of three, one, two, three. On the grass, sea, quartz, and where are the bullfugs? The farmers where we are, we are right, three, five, two, five, Two, one, two, one, all, and nine, jadi short hearing of where we could bounce right? And there's a piece that found our drummer, we declare a two-enfollow Bill said that we milliseconds laughter. Our Paulo Scareo are all hunting. May we Paul have the fatty chamber rezer, Paul, then a week, Give me soldier. Are you from Rotor, or just happy to say me? I'm not 13 at 5.60WQM. Here's an ambiguous fact that says hello Neil, there's a very interesting book I think you should read it's called, of course in miracles and if you're ready to understand it, you'll read the whole book and if you're not, you'll probably put it away after reading a couple of pages. Does that tell me anything at all? No. No. By the way, did you see last night on HBO this soprano? No, I did not. I've been open a lot of day, 5.67056, the Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Blast. There's a very interesting book that you should read sir, or man whoever you might be. And after you have finished the first couple of pages, you'll put it down. It's called the Bible. After a couple of pages, you'll put it down, say, get serious. Here's Pemberpine. Hello. Yes sir? You want to make some quick money? Hello? I'm listening. I'll pay $1000 if you take a course in the Cobblas. You want to do that too? No, the Cobblas? Yeah. Yes. Why is that? Because that is something that I feel that I need to tell you. And I really believe that you would understand and everything we're talking about. And it really comes through life. What really comes to life? More bubblemises? The creation creation. One of humanity with a reason why? How about all those other how about the amoebas? How about all the other stuff? Well, that's all part of it. That's all because we created that. And we don't but we keep blaming God. We created amoebas. How did we do that? Because we were in perfect. Sir, are you listening to what you're saying? I have a lot of amoebas you said we created that. Yes sir? How did we create amoebas? Because did we create a platform for we created an amoebas? Yes, yes sir. We created the universe and God created us. We created the universe and God created us and we're perfect. Thank you sir. Okay. I guess I better read that thing. More than a thousand bucks. I want to take that course for you. A thousand bucks a piece. What read it? I'm easy. I could have read it during that Panther Calgary game last night. I would have been more productive. I'll say that. She's man. Talk about I didn't even need my benedrel. Talk about an instant coma. Yeah, but we won the game instant coma man. Open line of day 56050505060 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Daniel. Hello. Yeah, and he'll hi. Okay. To begin with how you suit? It's gone. Delicious. It was good. Yeah, I got the Sun Sentinel. You know that that wasn't even on the front page. Yeah. Yeah. It was on a front page at the local side. The local second. What do you think? What page it's on? What is that? I think it's so lonely. What people call up to you. Hey, I got news for it. I mean, here last week they had the NBA strike. It was the same day that we're starting the award. The impeachment trial in the Senate. But the set of the NBA strike was more important. Took up half the front page. The important the prominent part of the front page. And I mean, here. So that tells you where their priorities are at. What did you see the picture of the clown on it in the local side? Right here. I haven't my head right now. Would the baby, which is no longer. She's no longer allowed. Yeah. He looks really content the father. How do I can really want to know? What does that mean? He looks content. He's like, get out of here. What does that mean? He looks like a guy holding a little baby in his arms. That's what he looks like. A picture tells you nothing. We have an open line of day in one and a grower. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, white, or slump. As we continue testing, testing the intellectual capacity of this community. Is there an intellectual capacity in this community? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, white, or slump. I mean, there's got to be something more to life. You have to be able to articulate to think something a little bit beyond Are the Yankees going to win the penance. There's got to be something a little bit beyond that about who are the dolphins going to draft a label and the guy they manifest. I know it's difficult. I know it's very testing and very presumptuous of me to expect you to be able to to ascend to that level. There must be something in your brain that allows you to transcend the mundane bullcraft. I've worked and I get tickets for the game on Wednesday. Here's Cole Springs. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I don't have any answers, but I do have an idea. You've heard the story on why they never finished building Texas Stadium in Dallas and they have that big hole in the roof. Why? Because they said, so God can lift down and watch the Cowboys play. Yeah. Now given that logic, they must not have been watching that playoff game. Exactly. We'll give it that logic. We should hire Jimmy Carter to have a cat for humanity. Maybe they could pick up their stars and go around the country and we could throw a bunch of holes in all these churches. There you go. I think we got the answer for that. I've got the answer. We have two open lines in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound, 5, 60 on it. Then we'll make a really holy fucking. They want to be holy rollers. We'll make him holy. Of course, not too good. We'll rain outside, but nevertheless. Maybe a god will make it stop raining those spots. That would be a miracle. Wouldn't that be a miracle? There's a hole in the roof of our church, our synagogue. But it doesn't rain only in that spot. Because the Lord is like shielding it from the inclimate. It doesn't snow. It doesn't sleep. There are no insects that could in there. Because the hand of God is shielding the roof of our institution. Here's candle. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Where is the love? Yes. Just the mention. No, donning hands away in your bird of flank. Oh, really? Sorry about that. Okay, thank you so much for wasting our time. We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7. Why could you have told you that? Why does it got called there waste all that time on holes? I mean, this is somebody's idea of a god named phone call to a talk show. I mean, it's better than the worst mic when you're here though. Where is a mic when you're here? No. Anybody here said that old fossil that called before. If I wouldn't have been for those old fossils like that. I'd like that by the way. Who called back? The old fossil for what? Because you didn't censor his quote. He's on the toilet right now, sir. Working out, pants for a new life. Okay. Where's microniris? They like I started to say, who wouldn't have been for old fossils like him. Renerid probably still be on the air today. We're not for the old parts that like took over his show. Those old, crabbial fossils, who wanted to hear about today in history. And the Almanac and the birthday list. And who's on Lino tonight and who's on whatever. First. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah. Hi. Let's face a Renerid show of stuck. Yes, sir. Find me. I'll give you a literate answer. Okay. Just look at the Bible and you'll see why it is that God allows all these horrible things. And why is that? Because God is a homicidal genocidal maniac. Yeah. Well, he does. He's always telling people to kill the people. Yeah. It's worse. Yeah. From the very home side. From the very beginning. He starts killing people for no reason. He killed everybody when he got pissed off. And no one knows what to do. He's had a build that ship. Oh, yeah. What he slaughtered this million nights when he did as he did with any one of his four sons of God. Right. That he writes about it in the Bible. First one, he says to Aaron. He says to Abraham, why did you kill Aaron on a slab? Right. Oh, my God. Then he says, oh, I never mind. Never mind. I was just testing it. Second, the second one. God. Yeah. Fampson, who turns who he turns into one of the most vicious swatters in history. Everybody had good hair though. The third son of God. Yes. John the Baptist. Oh, who said, listen, let's baptize everybody in God's head. No, cut off his head. And the fourth son of God. J.C. Who God said, I tell you what we're going to do with him. We're going to nail up on a cross. And we're going to just abandon him. Oh, yeah. And so, and then we'll learn what you're going to come back. If you look about why it is, yeah, if you can strain yourself with why it is that these horrible things happen. He likes it. Look who you're worshiping when you read the BS. Excellent points. God bless you. Yes, sir. Thank you so much. There you go. And we sure to wish the sick let's have a sitting onation for this God. We'll put it all into very proper perspective there. The God of the Graham and the Jews is a killing ace to dislocate. Is that what I've been saying for all these years? Oh, yeah. A murdering God who loves violence. In fact, he's probably behind all these damn TV shows and movies now that everybody's bitching about. Click your bitching God likes it. Okay. He likes it violent. Because every time he gets, I mean, God is perfect, but he gets pissed off. I mean, right there, stop. Hold the phone. That's it. He's perfect, but he gets pissed off. And his rancher wakes up. Like I've told you, 50,000 times before. That's not possible. You can't be perfect and have a temper. You can't be some kind of a temperamental lunatic and be perfect. And as far as that jackass that started this whole thing about is this paradise. No, but it sure could be. Because if your God really existed, he wouldn't permit all the slaughter. He wouldn't permit all the bullcrab, but there wouldn't be no devil. And there wouldn't be no famines. There wouldn't be no starving people. And there wouldn't be no bastion babies. And there wouldn't be no mental illness. There wouldn't be all this killing going on. Because God would be perfect. And it would be tranquil and we'd be in paradise. Oh, no, but that's way to Ron. Okay. I'm holding my breath. Here's Carl Spring, chill out. Yeah, Neil. You're a douchebag. Okay, thank you for your first vacation subject. Objective call, sir. Ron, whatever your object is. We have an open line of day one and a broad five six, seven, five, sixty. How long do you wait for that? Excellent call, sir. Another man with no material has nothing to say. You're a douchebag. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, probably the Lord told him to make that call. Mobile in Miami, hello. Going on. Going twice five minutes and twenty seconds of their life down the drain of our dime. Two by the way. Two open lines and broad one and day five six. See how they start coming on glue. They get rattled. They get rattled because there is in the single one of them out there that can justify their bull crap. And the superstition, hoax, focus. That the whole world is being torn apart now. Here we are like thousands of years later. In the Middle East and in Northern Ireland. And in India and Pakistan, there be other guy. They have places you look. And in this country with a bunch of so-called religious lunatics. Trying to bring down the dolly elected government. Orchard hippo critical do anything that moves hippo grits. Oh yeah, but everybody else there. That's right. It's only the liberals that are the perverts. All these right wingers there, the real goody two shoes guys. Like Jimmy Swagger and Jim Baker. There you go. Mobile in North Miami, hello. Oh, Leo. Yes sir. Great job. Listen, I know you were talking earlier about the press conferences when all of us see. Garbage. Garbage. And most of it's unintelligible. You can't so we're some radio I've ever heard in my life. Well, that's nothing. Plot has the super ball this year. Yeah. Seven hours of free gas. How do you like that? Seven hours of free gas. That's number one. Number two, have you been to your field, doc lately? Have I been to it? Yeah. Have you been to your field, doc, on the last couple of days? Yes, why? Did you get a little nice little introduction from the postal service about the stamps that were available? No. You didn't get that. Well, I got one of my field, doc. Seven of the stamps that are available are 32 cents stamps. How do you like that? Yeah. What that means is if you order your stamps by mail, this is an offer to order stamps by mail. Then you have to go into the post office to buy one stamp. Uh huh. Well, they're low on the post. Well, they're low on the post. This will only have to think. Like I said, sir, get yourself a pity. Both posted me to work like a term. I love it. We have an open line in date, one in Broward, five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line, one, twenty, five, a QAM. This is five, sixty, QAM. They will you not mind, Jockey, sure it's. Uh huh. Let's get ready here, Rumble! Oh! Down the stadium and Jala. How the sea of paper blue. Forever though, well, the way seems. I just want to win the round. Who's I just want to keep it to work? Yeah. And tonight, just one. My guess wants to win. Just pick you up, Rumble! I'm Rumble! Who's that Rumble? I'm Rumble! Who's ring the bell? I'm Rumble! I'm Rumble! I'm Rumble! I'm Rumble! I'm Rumble! He's out of tune. Down the blue with five of the size one. Where's your wife? Don't you think? Okay. Everyone wants a magic. Check that across the ring. Who's I just want to keep it to work? Who's I just want to keep it to work? Who might just want to keep it to work? I just want to keep it to work. Who's that Rumble? Who's that Rumble? Who's that Rumble? He's out of tune. Okay. Well, 30 or 5. I'm just doing that break. I came up with a greatest brainstorm. The greatest teaching tool in the history of human race. You've got to put together somebody out of put together a documentary. That's got all news footage about all these cults that are made by me and the accolade guys, Jim Jones, all of these cults. They've had courage. And then we got to have a thing about what's going on in North Ireland. Some documentary footage about that. And the Middle East. And put this all together about things that are going on now. Not things that somebody told a thousand years ago, five thousand things that are going on right now. And these people's lifetimes. And put together about a two hour documentary. And then show that to all your kids instead of wasting their time and taking away their brains. With all these religious classes and go to church and sitting up there you go. Oh, wouldn't that be a great idea, huh? In fact, if one of the networks really had some balls they would do it. But is any of them forget that? Oh, man. They're terrified. They are scared. Prapolis. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I just call the tell you your little package is in the mail. You know where I'm from? No. Did you or should tell you? The passportation suit. Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, I gave you an extra thick one. And the passport to. Hey, I love listening. Why was that? That was quick service. Yeah, yeah, I love listening. You guys are with a break, especially hearing George's foul mouth. Yeah, he's got a filthy mouth. Thank God, he's not on the very often. You need to clean his mouth out with thick and spanned. Yeah, or at least the spanned parties over you got this big. All right. Hey, he can hear a good by John Denver if you have the time. Okay, for you, anything. All right. Thanks for that. All right. That's my passport, guys. See it pays that the inside connection there. He said my package is in the mail. Yeah, it must be somewhere I can't find it. We have an open lock in his name. Oh, God, I got another great line for that. But I'll pass by the way, Frankie. It's public. Don't be so sensitive, Frankie. Open line of days. Five, yeah, I went over there yesterday morning to get some, which is really, you know, I, we were nine o'clock in the morning. I was Sunday morning. Wouldn't you think that would be a good time to go to the store? Time to jam the jam the. And I go in here and, yeah, if you know, all you got to do is mention somebody on the ear like when the night's planning lady call I just mentioned it because he's about the only person There are even though their name and he's an ice gun guy who's a big fan and I made a bad mistake of now he's all embarrassed and he like, ah, he, you know, they're all given to my hard time. So to speak. Come out, Frankie. You can handle it. If you can get by those. This, you can get by anything. We have an open line of day. Five, six, seven, over. He had a little Zid problem. Okay, guys, that age. No, and then they have a little Zid problem. What is so fun? Now he's going to be worse. Now I'm going to go in there next time and he's going to be running the back of the store. They're going to be having conference. Everybody is so goddamn sensitive. Just because there's that old flag on a radio. Okay, just a radio show, okay? Here's coconut creak. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Hi. Good afternoon. I'm going to start this. I listen to you every day or at least almost every day. Yes, sir. A lot of things that you say, I say, you're in the time. But this is an issue that, yes. You know, maybe people don't want to talk about this issue, because they don't feel they need to digify. They don't need to digify it. Have they don't need to digify it? What makes you think that they need to even digify it? I widen so important. Wait, you've got because everybody is in this, especially in this country. We have all those religious intolerances and people tell us we're going to burden in health if we don't believe what they do, and always condemning everybody for a bit of that. But you're building, show them. Those are extremists. No, they're not. Not anymore, they're not. They're running the country now sweetheart. You better wake up and step the flowers Look, I'm a very scientific person. Yeah, but I also believe in God by all that possible How does that possible? Yeah, that's very very possible. No, it's not But we you're implying that you're either once that you're one into the spectrum of the other You're you're you're not accepting the fact that there are people that are in the middle No, I'm not saying you're one of the other but I just don't know how is somebody who really has the mind in science Can can rationalize that with this sick twisted God that the the ancient barbarians invented? Well, is it the ten two's idea of of what kind of idea of God that you have? I mean, I believe that we're talking about the the Jewish Christian God is that the one you're talking about? No, that's kind of a Herodox Jewish Christian God. I mean, I love the same one. I was brought up as an orgy I was brought up as an orgy box. Well, then you should know that there's no difference the the Yeshua It was the same God for the Jews and the Christians the Christian tossed in Jesus to make it more binding Well, if the Jesus more binding as far as God itself is concerned. I mean, I I live myself I live my day on a very scientific level if I have a headache. I don't pretty God. I good old doctor. Yeah, I mean if I you know It's something wrong happens with my life. I don't believe that God what what does God do? What is your God? That's your whole premise your whole premise on this. No, I don't have any premise I'm asking you what your premise is you're telling me you believe in a different God than the one in the Bible Believe in a God even of a higher power and what did God what does God do? Who says he does anything? Why do you have to do anything? Your whole premise is that he must do something when horrible things happen Your whole premise. No, I'm not going to do that. How about when nothing happens? What is what is he? It exists for what is the purpose of your God? Don't have an answer for that. Can you accept that? And then so then what's the point? You know in other words, you've got this God that doesn't do anything that you don't know I don't know no, I didn't say that. Well, what did what do you do? I don't have an answer for that. You're you're playing if I don't have any answer I tell you something all you are is in denial. Okay, I don't know what seriously You're denial of the fact that you were an atheist, but you don't want to go on the contrary I'm not an atheist Then how can you believe in a God that doesn't do anything? I believe who's that he has to do anything in this lifetime? And how about what did he do in some other lifetime? I don't know. I don't have an answer Well, that's destiny because I don't have any of you like it. You're like you're a lot closer to being Let's say an agnostic because that's You're not supposed to be a nostic. I put on feeling every day. Does that mean I'm an atheist? You put on feeling every day every day every day every day. Oh, I almost every morning almost every morning Okay, and why why do you do that? Why? Because I feel my heart that I should do it. Why? Because I feel my heart should do it. But you're just repeating the same thing. That's not a thought That you're a very scientific person. You say wait a minute. You say you're a scientific person. What is it that has to be the late to fill in every day? Look, I grew up in a very worth of darks in the darks in the darks. I mean, I believe you were brainwashing. I know. I'm a culture. Why in the world would you put the late to fill in on for the benefit of the Glime in the audience that again is I don't do a lot of things that I was taught to. But why would you of all the things? Why would you do that? You're a lot of things that you and a lot of things they don't do. You would be because I had it because you were brought up to do it and you do it by habit. No, I don't do it by. I went away for it for like five to six years. I wasn't okay. Well, I'll ask you this on on him. Kipper and Russia. You're showing it. Do you go to show it? Do you go to temple? Yes, I do. So, so then what are we talking about? Why do you go to temple if you don't believe in the Jewish God? You're again, you go with your restraint with your other one enter the other end. I live in the middle. Can't you accept that? I asked you, do you believe in the Jewish God? You said no. I believe in God. I don't say with the Jewish. You wish it were the Jews. Welcome to the world of agnosticism and God bless you and Zagyuzad. That was special. So how do you spell to Philon? I need to write that stuff. I don't know how do you spell it? How do you know how to find out TES? Two Philon. Less light, two Phil, I don't know. By the way, what did you want to know about passport guys? Good bye, Jen. I don't want to forget him. He's a good man to have around. Firstly, the way things are going in this country these days. Keep your passport handy. The NH and the TNC and keep your passport handy. Three pieces of advice from them. They'll God. I mean, seriously, I give that a lot of time. I'm, you know, he claims that he's got a scientific mind. How could somebody with a scientific mind go through that whole thing with a tefilin with rapid, those other straps around your arm to the point of practically cutting off your circulation and going through that self-flagellation deal? And that's science? He's obviously a menorcer, so he's a man in conflict. He was brought up with this or look, if you were raised Orthodox Jewish the way he obviously works with that degree, you'd be in conflict too and I can regulate him for at least taking a stepper to away. Now just on, on, on tie the, you know, the straps. Maybe you'll be thinking a little clearer when you're circulation starts again. No, that's like, that's like your accountant that's the same thing. Yeah, but he's on half ass like this guy. No, no, your accountant is a total ass. Right. He's an asshole. Right. He's into a big time. He's laying the pitrel and he's laying anything he can get his hands on. He's a, look at this, I'm even knocking the mic around. I'm getting so worked out. I was so animated about this. Crazy. The wood you're looking for for your accountant. Crazy. Great accountant. Right account. Well, he's Jewish. 22 before 22 at 560 WCWM. Oh, you wrote me said it's all for where you long and now you're life is in this much like your career that fell upon as fast as you wanted to fly like Rocky Mountain High in a place with Lizzy Week. What happened to say, uh, to take a country throw this dead. Oh, and sunshine was on your shoulders when you walked early. You said to fill us up. Talked before the country's fallen was a news. Good bye, John Devon. Thank God I'm out of country for who right the song's about as good as he can fly up late. All your songs were late. But you made money. Yet you drive too high. Like a down hole. Come, treat it to a few to those with no praise. And you want to fly like Rocky Mountain High in a pain of this TV. What happened to say, Why does he take the country away and sunshine was on Young hello so why? One, two, three, four, five, six. You can't miss it. Nothing to do with religion with God. All of us has to do something with God. There you go. Because this place is just unbelievable. We got a new, we got everybody that we told you last week. Unbeknownst to us, behind the scenes, they flipped around all the sales, people, sales, managers, titles, and we got a new, sit-in, national sales manager in Minnesota, and Ray Perry came down here who often told today I always thought was a reasonable guy. Having to do with what is his title now? He's the local sales manager. What is he? General, say, yeah, like, not like General McCarthor, okay? Because not only did we not get new copy for any of the accounts I gave Melissa last Thursday, but we also have it a count coming back on a sponsor I've had for many, many years, long before I came to the station, by the way, which is not going to run because the piece of copy that's in the folder, the only piece of copy that's in there is from Christmas and from some special deal I had back a month ago. I just might do that in passing Ray Perry, okay? Everybody in this place they talk a big game, but the sign that you just put up on a wall back there just give us the effing money, that's what this place is really all about. We don't care about the clients, we don't care about the listeners whether they can get in touch with the clients, don't bother these people with that stuff, just what's the building and how much can we break in here and don't bother us? Well, see, it's like that every place you work, but this place, it's like magnified times a hundred. Every place in a radio I've worked in this market, it's been the same thing. Don't bother us with the small details in between. Put it on the year, get us big ratings and then let's make a lot of money. All the stuff that goes in between we don't care about. And Ray Perry, I'm, you know, I was supposed to meet with him in the morning. I got news for it. If I wouldn't show my face if I were you because what you've got, we'll always have a short period of time, but how can we do commercials for people with copy that's a month old about Christmas in New Year's, it's set of it so on and some special event they have that they did that was a month ago. Can we do that? No, we can't. But I haven't heard that this joy is making so much guy damn money. They don't have to worry about that. Here's a mobile in Kendall, hello. New, it must be God's will that those advertisers don't get their copy. That must be a, yeah. Here's a way. Here's a way. Seriously, this is a problem that I see. Most people are in their house or outside when they're in their house. Everything they see, somebody made it. When they're outside, then they see 12th of a great car, 1000 people made them. Yeah. When they see the sky and the sun, they think somebody made that. Yeah. You follow me? I'm thinking of the side of the head. Talk alone. I'll let you see that. Well, they think somebody made the moon, too. Yeah. Now, secondly, when they discover masturbation, they think this is too good to be true. There's gotta be some punishment for this. Yeah. Okay. Now, you couple those two together and then add it those of hope. I'm better than those animals. My dog ain't doing that heaven, but I got, I am, I live forever. Yeah, I think my dogs get, at least my golden retrievers got a better chance than I do. He's probably better being a dog than we are being humans. Yeah. But because of this mix of things, people believe the bladder didn't, I can't figure this. They believe the bladder. Yeah, it's opposed that all my life I taught my son one thing. But then I discovered that that wasn't right. What's did happen to me in my life when religion persures? But I don't like to go back to my son and say, you know, I'm an idiot. You probably have a long nose that. Everybody's saying, I believe it's a bunch of bugs. Okay. And who likes to admit this, you know? And so people go, well, unfortunately, we'll put you on a list with that. We'll put him on the list for his children for the documentary that we're going to put together. I have a bumper sticker that says, mou, ba, Jesus saves. Yeah. Okay, God bless you, sir, and the Getham Help. We have an open line of day one at Broward. Five six. I thought he was really going somewhere with that. You know, was he going somewhere? No. Down the Hershey Highway. I think five six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the 18-to-welless line. As the hits just keep on coming here at QAM. As the sales, they can make all the different people they can keep struggling with titles around and sharply the bodies around. And they still just can't get most of it done right. Just astonishing to me, these people have, it's not that they don't have a lot of conscience. They don't have any conscience. They just absolutely refuse to care. And the message over a year later is, hey, Mr. We don't care. What a big shout you think you are. You're not going to make this care. We're going to continue doing it the same half-assed way. We've always done it and dummy up, okay? That's the message here. Here's Miami. Hello. You know, two quick questions. Yes, sir. First, is Sunny Hershey turning out of the voice of the... I haven't got any idea, sir. And whatever happened to Mike Chur. Okay. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, the other 18, two, wireless line. How sad, sir, there are people like you wandering around, take it up pre-space and breathing all that pressure. How sad? Here's a mobile in-pompano. Hello. Mobile in-pompano. Oh, that's the hate. That's you. Having one day. And back to you. Back color a couple of a couple of times ago. I think it minimizes everything that's wrong with religion. Which one of the orthodox you that... Yeah, whatever. Yeah. When it was babbling about what he thought he knew and didn't know. I was getting very indignant about it too, and he was getting really hooked off. Then he tells me how he lays to fill in. He raps his arms up in those other straps every morning. Maybe he's in the S&M. Maybe that's it. Maybe that's nothing to do with it. Okay. Well, yeah. I think it's an all or nothing thing. Either you're for it or you're not. If it's convenient, then I mean, that's... Well, whatever. That's my experience with people in religion. I see that they... They... It's there for them when they... When they need it. They're doing what they want to do, then that's fine. I got a concept for it. Buddymine. One night, drunk off his ass, and he comes up with this. And it's basically... I guess if you put yourself in a situation like that, you take your buddies out the dinner. Okay? You say, look, they're on me. All right? Yeah, I don't want to say. All right. They're on me. No. The buddies know, no. You don't know what I make. Anyway, uh... They're on me. Don't worry about it. Get whatever you want. Yeah, we know what, they don't take it. Do you just die for our sins, right? I'm listening. Okay. I'm a little nervous here. You can't tell. But never do this. Okay. Do you just die for our sins? Do you just die for all mankind sin? So if we don't sin, then Jesus would have died in vain, no? Yeah, that's right. So in other words, it makes sense. That's what it looks. So it should be sinners for Jesus. Okay. And they're doing a good job of it. Thank you very much. There you go. Keep sin in a way. Otherwise, it would have been a waste of time. It's been up there in that cross. There you go. We have an open line in date. One in Broward. 5 6 7 5 6 5 6 5 5 6 5. I'm just I am speaking across. I am so cross about that thing. I would I just showed you with that copy situation. I mean, these are all things that I spoke to about that. And of course, the evil finger of Gary Starner happens to be in there again. Remember he brought his new body down, which just happens to be what his one of his accounts, which he just discovered by accident since I brought it up. And his good, uh, his good friend is the agency without account. But it would be. And they all got a song to dance. But the important thing is only some of them have got the naked pictures. There can be absolutely positively no question that this radio station and the bureaucracy of it exists the way it does because of naked picture. Make no mistake about it. Take it straight to the bank. 151 is 5 60 WQAM. You're going to help me. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Well, I don't know why I came here tonight. Oh, I got the feeling of something. I ride. Put on a Yamaha. Don't make it all. If you see your rabbi say, my little towel. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.