Speaking of wheels. Sport Treaty of 560 WTAM Miami Force Latterdale presents the Neil Rodgers Show, who talks in the oil called 567-0560 toll-free, for David Rarrard, or pound-560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil, his guest's colors are, and you went out on the show, do not necessarily reflect those of WTPM, be easily read acquisitions or the be easily broadcast group. Now, Neil Rodgers, on Sports Radio 560, you A-HAM, throw your back. Robin, don't forget. Out on the road, don't drive in the drums again. Here I am, Shepton, doing 80 rounds of n. I'm full of rage and I'm drive, don't forget. All right. Robin, don't forget. Yeah. How many beers I've had, will nine or ten? You're a little more at that party with my friends. I'm on the road, so I drive and drums again. Robin, don't forget. Out! Not the bad on the hill, and more than the bells, I wait. If the horseman is just in the traffic, get out of my way. You might wait. All the roads again. Yeah, then we'll like play our pre-game. Yeah, so I'll see if I can do it. I'll see if I can do it. I'll see if I can do it. I'll see if I can do it. I just want to say this right off the back this morning that if you're one of us, one of those people who drives in this town. At any time, and you're still alive, all I can say is, it's a miracle, okay? God, almighty. What is with these people? Most of you right now, I would say conservatively 50% of you who are listening right now. Should pull it over to the curb, put it in park, take the keys, throw them away somewhere. It's like, you know, down a sewer grate, and just, you know, get out and walk. So we're in Vegas this weekend. A lot, you know, something that's one of those weekends. Every now and then I have a trip like this that it's like it never happened. You know what I mean? It was so fast. It, like it never happened. If I didn't look at my wallet and see how empty it was, I wouldn't realize that was even there. And I know I did not go see the new Venetian. I would be drove by it, but I don't know what it is. But now it seems to me like two and a half days in Vegas is insufficient time to gamble all your money away. I mean, how much time do you have left over to go check out all these places? Not enough time at all. So anyway, get back in town yesterday at about six, 25, I guess it was? At Miami International Airport? How long does it take when you get there? How long does it take when you get back to Miami to discover where you are? The behavior of the people of these people. And you wonder why I talked about this place the way I do? Man. Anti-social, hostile, irresponsible, psychotic. Not just the drivers, just people in general. You know, you go, you finally get from wherever the gate is. You get to the damn elevator. And you go up on it moving walkway. Okay, to try to find where your car is. And here are these two women. I would say the one of them was like 30 or she and the other one was maybe like 35. Standing in the middle of the moving walkway. And a lot of them, the younger one, she's got enough luggage there. She's got enough baggage. You would think she did her entire life. Just came off that plane with this bitch. Okay? And I do mean bitch. And they're standing like I would say in the middle of the moving walkway. Well, you know, most of the time you'll see a sign, say, state of the right, whatever it says, there's no sign like that. It might be an action run by the way. And I'd say, they finally painted all the, at the flamingo end of the dolphin. They painted all the exits now. Exit, in English. Let's hear it. Oh, no more salita. That's right. Exit park up down and in out. Whatever. It actually says that in English, you have some idea how to get out of there. But anyway, so they're standing on a moving walkway. We're moving along. You know, it a fairly brisk clip to get there along there. You get home sometime before midnight. She stands there. And this is not, by the way, this was not something animal lady. This was a real honest to God American living in breeding bitch. And finally, the other woman sees that we're like kind of anxious to get to help. Oh, maybe you've had to go to the, oh, okay. Okay. I mean, this thing, and this is one of those moving walkways that just barely crifts along, you know, just barely moves it all. That was the start. I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to make it through today. Really not because that damn Vegas area, you know, that real dry, super dry air. Oh, man. Ordinarily, I can handle it. Usually the only thing that happens is my lips could chat. And I get shocked a lot when you touch anything with telekother. This time, no shocks, no bad lips, just a sinus. Man. Just unbelievable sinus, bloody chunks, you know, you want to talk to them about? Yeah, and my favorite is when you have one like embedded deep in your nostril. And you put your finger over the other nostril and you blow, you know, to get it out of there. Huh? And it gets out, but you can't find it. That's the worst part, because then no seriously, because then it can need to be on your cheek on your arm, on your shirt, definitely not like long gone. You see that lucky. It's around somewhere, and it's probably on you. And somebody's going to see it and they're going to go, oh my God. That looks like crap, but it's not. Oh, geez. So I got all that. I don't have it now, but I just have the after effects, but you don't want to hear about that. Let me tell you about my adventure driving home. I could have write a short story about my drive home from the airport last night. But what a place this is. And I see in yesterday's Sun Sendell, right under front page, here's a big story. The drivers are living life in a fast lane. And about South Florida highway speeds and all these different places on and on it goes, I guess I had a lot of pages to fill up. But it talks about the growing club of drivers clocked at speeds more than 80 miles an hour. See, it's the succession with speed. Speed doesn't kill. Irresponsible people kill other people. So anyway, I get my car. I'm heading out of there and good news. I get to the toll booth there where you pay whatever you're over parking. Nobody else in line. I pay my money. I get right out. Thank you very much. Now I make my turn there, okay? And I'm going to try to weave my way over to. Is that a little as you and I guess to 836. You only problem is, of course, you start out. You're in the left hand lane and you got to move over two lanes of traffic to get over to where you could off it was you. But, or nearly as plenty of time, no problem at all. You put on your blicker and you work your way over. Guess what folks. I got my blicker run and I'm looking. Are you going to let me in? No, they're not going to let me in. Six different vehicles, including some asshole and one of those blue shuttle bus things. Won't let me in. And I get to the point where it comes to the view. There were, and I have to pull up like on the cross lines there and sit there and wait till everybody is gone to like you get over. Asoles, you're a bunch of assholes, man. You're rude. You're in consideration to be able to get out of any idea how to drive. That was for starters. Now, I go as you'll road. No, I get better. I go as you'll road and I get there to where you make the turn on to a 86. I make my right turn and there's a stop light there. Just before you get on the road to 86 on the emerging lane. Now, luckily the only reason I'm here today, the only reason I'm here alive today, is because I dropped something out of my wallet. The lumps sitting there at the red light. I'm in the right hand lane because I'm going to zoom on by whoever's in the left hand lane. And I'm distracted for a few seconds, picking up off the floor in a car, whatever I drop, putting it back in my wallet. And thank God, I'm distracted because, like two seconds after my lights already turned green, and I would already be out there in the middle of the intersection. Here comes an asshole in a red car. Some young guy. He runs the light the other way. And I'm thinking of myself. Holy crap. Yeah. This man, Alunatek. I'm not talking close, he runs the light. I'm talking after a long since, he just comes flying through there. Okay. Now it gets much better. I get on the 86. I'm going to west of the Palmetto, so I can go up north. I get almost 2, where 86 joins the Palmetto north. I would say maybe a half a mile away. And here's the guy. I'm in the middle lane. There's a guy in the right hand lane who's going maybe a little bit under the speed. Limited maybe about 55. I don't know. He's not zooming along, but he's not going real real slow. And now up behind him comes an asshole in a black car. In a black boxy car comes this car full of banana boat people. And his guy is like, well, he's got no place else to go, but on the right. Of course there's no lane on the right of this guy. There's only a shoulder. So he calls ass. He accelerates. I'm thinking, where is this man going? There's no lane there. Is there a lane there? No. Don't talk. If he was him with the fact, he's got to pass this guy on the shoulder. Well, guess what? Just as he gets next to the guy, the shoulder narrowes because there's an abutment there. And all of a sudden now he comes slam into this poor bastard who's in the right hand lane. The guy who he hits puts on a break. This guy goes flying out in front of him because he's going to go down and got the impact. And now he goes in the lane to the left and there, which luckily for him there's nobody in that lane. And then zoom back into the right hand lane. They both slam on a break and they stop. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, Jesus Christ, am I going to get home alive? And as I'm looking at my rear view mirror, and this is only happening. Keep in mind just a matter of yards in front of me. My life is flashing before my eyes because I'm envisioning this guy, you know, just making contact with a half a dozen. And the guy who's attacking with a half a dozen cars from behind and the guy only knows where I'll splattering all over the highway. Only a miracle that he gets back in the right hand lane and stops. So I look at my rear view mirror and his guy gets out and what's the first thing he's doing? He's surveying the damage to his car. He's not checking to see if the other poor bastard and the other car still alive. He's just surveying the damage to his car. This binatable asshole. I'm a serious man. I, you people in law enforcement down here with your speed traps. You can worry all you want. And I grant you that there are a lot of people going way too fast. You're responsible. But it's not just speed. It's not just sitting on high-edits road with a goddamn radar gun. Remember that routine a year ago? Oh, yeah, they're going to condition the drivers to drive and yeah, right. Get them off the F and road is what I say. Get them off the road now before we all get killed. This is just a drive of like 40 minutes from the airport to my house. And I could write a short story about it. And none of it will be pretty. Combat it's after 10 at 5. 60. WQAM. You got this. You got this. You got this. You got this. Wait a minute. What the hell was that? Oh my god, we're already having technical malfunction at the junction. Yeah. We're not ready for this today. We don't even miss the 14 second of the day. When you go to my house every time you ask to use a call and let it be. Yeah, that's fine. But when you go to the road, you need to hear. Well, they're special. You're you. That's a pride. Who went you got your right. You took your little glass. You took your little glass. You took your little glass. You got your little glass. Where the little girl on the bed. You need what you're called for a courtesy. What you need. Get it full. Let's wait for five. You need to lift this seat. You're not ready for a study. One go see. You can get up and start a sad update. We're hoping all of you just prevent the... Okay. That's for my late Uncle Wage. Remember I told you story about my father's mother's red. I used to visit a nearer to well. Used to come about once every five or ten years and show up. And I guess looking for money. I was feeling really be sure. And every time you used the toilet, he would like my flush it. Maybe this wasn't used to flush toilets. You know, for the classy family. 10 17 at 5.50 WQM. Here's our letter to the editor of the year. By the way, this is... I want you to listen to this. Very carefully. This isn't a Harold. It says the blue blazer. I used to go to World Wrestling Federation events at the Miami Arena. And I remember Owen Hart as the blue blazer with a blue mask and tights. But now he's no longer the blue blazer. He's Owen Hart. He was recently killed when he fell 70 feet in the WWF event. His last off-floor appearance was February 13th at the National Carrendle Center. Says Paul Bacon and Helen Dale. That's the letter. Listen again to that second letter. I'm not listening to this. But now he's no longer the blue blazer. He's Owen Hart. He was recently killed when he fell 70 feet in the WWF. His last off-floor appeared at that. What does that mean? Can somebody tell me what that means? Huh? Yeah. And what does that tell you about people that go watch professional wrestling? Okay. This Paul Bacon and Helen Dale. He's an asshole. Evidently. I mean, what kind of a letter is that? And like he's still alive, but he was recently killed. What does that mean? He's no longer the blue blazer. He's no longer Owen Hart. He's dead as what he is. He's a body and a box. Jesus Christ. Okay. Where do I start? I don't want to get the sports holes upset on his radio station anymore, but I will anyway. Wait, let me lock the door. You better lock the door because if they see the Abercrombian Fitch summer issue quarterly catalog, they're going to be in their pants. Remember what I've always told you about football? How many times have I told you in the 15 or 16 months that I've been on a station of I told you in football? It's a game club you moron. I'm told you that. And of course they resist that. Oh yeah, that's faggin. Everything to him. Yeah, right. I don't know what I'm talking about. Here's the Abercrombian Fitch directly from the Storin Jesus Palace in Los Vegas. It's called Summer Dreams. And I can see why, by the way. Well, you know, Calvin Klein and Abercrombian Fitch. They're used to a lot of beefcake. A lot of young hung, a hot, you know, male female in different wind-be-twink. It's a lot of stuff in all the reds. So anyway, here's a very hot young stud on the cover of A and F. Quarterly and you open up the first page. And it looks like you're seeing double because it's identical twins. And on a first-in-side page, the one of them is like kind of like Tarzan, hanging from a rope. You don't have to show me again. Well, you can see it again. And his tattered Abercrombian genes are like way down, like almost at the bottom of his ass, okay? His, his, where the hell is it? Oh, excuse me, his echo is showing. And you read the thing on a front-in-side page about who these identical twins are. And what can I say? It says, Doug and Jeff Popowitz always seemed to end up together. The first 18 years are explainable since their brothers, but the last few aren't. Seven months ago, Jeff was living in Florida playing football for the University of Miami. Oh, my God. And Doug was in the Shelby Desert in Northern Kenya, looking for the middle of the fiction book that I'm writing. He says, then in the beginning of the end, as Doug tells that I was sitting there with some nomadic camel herders and they dying by the inch. When he suddenly said, well, I've got to go. Where the, he asked looking around Miami. It was the middle of August the Italy, three weeks to make the hurricane's opening game. As Jeff tells that he pulled in the day before kickoff, he hasn't left yet. He pulled in and he hasn't left yet. Seven months later, Jeff has tackled 87 pullbacks. Doug's book is almost done and they managed to find a way into our book, proving the path that leads here, can be a strange one. So to make a long story short, here are these two young guys that endicle twins. And one of them whose name is Jeff Popovich plays for the hurricanes. And page after page in the first section of this Abacrabian Fitzcatalog, there are pictures here with football players. You don't want to be saying with their rectum hanging out. What kind of a, what is that? What is that? It's a gate club you moron. My favorite though is the one, and of course, he did the one cop out. He could always say, well, that's not me with a picture with the ass hanging out. Because the identical twins, you really can't tell which one is which. Yes, the other guy. Yeah, he always the other guy. That's right. It's the other one. One way was the camel chalky. That's the one with the ass hanging out. I'm a macho football player by the name of Jeff Popovich. And then which pop, pop, pop, which everyone you like. I think that picture, those one, we're holding a short, like real forward there. And the rain water is like pouring into it. We will just use imagination. Yeah. Abercrabby and fixed summer dreams catalog. There you go. You want to see a real macho football player? There you go. Speaking of real macho by the way, I don't want to get hooked on this one substitute. They've never lost sight with anyway. Being an old faggler like yours truly. So get on a plane in Miami on Friday. And naturally the first thing I do once you go toward the gate is I stop at the little newsstand to pick up every tabloid. Because it's great reading. It's hysterically funny. And it grows a lot of time on the plane. Well, here's this week's the June 8th issue of the globe. And in the upper left hand corner, it's got a very familiar face there. I don't want to say it's Ricky Tickie again. Living La Penga Loka. It says the hottest question in show biz is Ricky Martin Gay. Which kind of prodded my interest somewhat. And you open up and here's a full-color spread. No less. He's spreading it. The untold story behind superstars since a station. Ricky Martin Gay riddle. Plus his anguish over pal who died of AIDS. Plus his painful breakup with family he loved. And like I said before, it really doesn't make any difference. Because no matter what he is, he's still catching his way out of a paper sack. The young ladies are swooning all over him. And he's making loads of money. Regardless, so really it should make any difference. Except for all this fake crap that's been put out in front of the public. Ricky's mysterious private life has fueled questions over whether he is gay. Rumors in the radio business are rampant about Ricky being gay. Says this jockey Kevin Cross of WILD 95.5 FM and West Palm Beach. Who has told his listeners that Ricky goes the way of the gay. What is that mean? What is the way of the gay? You're way. Oh. But I thought that was Frankie song. My way. And the sexy singer made no secret that he was shattered when his friend openly gave President Rockstar. We're not the Russo 36 died of AIDS in 1996. The hips swirling 24-year-old Hunk who's hit single La Penga Locca is ruling the top spot in the music charts. Showed up at the Grammy Awards with beautiful Mexican TV star, Rebecca De Alba on his arm last February. But the White Hot Boys in the music business is over whether Rebecca is only a beard for the Miami resident. And he really prefers the friendship of males sources say. Ricky only adds to the gay debate by sometimes frequenting Manhattan's largely homosexual Chelsea district when he's in the big apple. Although streets do go there, Chelsea's a prime spot for pickups and all the gay's pose and posture as they strut along in the latest hit fashion and says a Chelsea resident. I've seen him in the big cup. A coffee house on 8th and 21st. He tries to go on notice with dark shades on that everyone knows who he is. It says, he'll sit in one of the big comfy chairs with a lot of they just scanning the crowd. Checking who else is there and looking up whenever somebody new comes in the door. I've seen him on at least one other guy and I've seen him in a pack. Maybe he's one of the rat pack. Or maybe he just like there's one of the fudge pack. Okay. Yeah, you thought you were going to beat me to that huh? No chance. Oh, man. So you figured it out okay, you decide. Because quite frankly, I don't care. I find him just boring his hell just the nauseating and revolting in those holster way, this whole man's great. And then it goes out about his handlers. Our hysterical or psychotic. That's right. It says globe is learned that Ricky's handlers are desperate to maintain his image. A source of one of my most top radio stations says Ricky's people were frantic with worry that it would attract too many gays during a recent appearance at the local record shop. Remember, we feel it was the last Thursday? When thousands and thousands and thousands of screaming hysterical young women and others showed up. Poor Ricky, just so misunderstood. 26 after 10, I'm telling you my sinuses and my nose that that dried, dry, air just went and doctorize you out. Feel like my whole inside of my shriveled up, which makes me qualified to be back here by the way. Oh! Why are you airing shit like this? I'm singing this song that I'm feeling kind of dead. I got my smile from all of my chips to my dad. I've got a body like a dragon-wraining man. When it's cold outside, you're my nuts to hang your hat. I can blow in your ear and hear you laugh, dance, but you won't notice me to get some influence. I need a guy who ain't got issues feeling up a chest and find in his shoes. I'm just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of light and Yes, no. Yes. Okay, let me tell you the audience knows the depth of H&P's football, allegedly for the University of Miami Hurcunes and they better call right away. Media Leaf not soon, okay? Let's find out where he is. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, on the mobile one line. So Neil, let me ask you about that hockey game last night. How did you see it? Oh, yeah. Like I told you, what do I tell you after the first game? I said Buffalo's gonna win either in four straight or in five. Just like I told you in the Toronto Pittsburgh series, I like the Leafs in six. I'm gonna game on Saturday. Was very embarrassing that I watched that whole game? Oh, no. I saw the second goal early in the second period. I bolted out of my hotel room with that play and went down and punched my gut's out. Because it was embarrassing. It would be a good word for it. Hey, it was a lot of fun. It was good that it lasted. And our Buffalo can get before straight by the Colorado or Dallas and good luck to them. That's why by the way, who's from Buffalo comes into this morning to glow. Oh, poorkey basket. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, now I don't. Okay, sure. Come back. I was watching the hockey game last night and my wife had to tell you that. Yeah. Yeah. What? My wife had 2020 on. Yeah. And they had a bubble. My sees about that girl. Did you see it or hear about it? She fell in the pool and she went into a coma. Her mother wasn't watching her. Well, now she's like the Lord. She's making oil come out of paintings and they're just going to mass the juices. I can't remember where I was walking the game. I was just listening to out of my other ear. So I wasn't paying attention to the whole thing. But the father left because he couldn't handle it. And he came back because I just got a second name as money. Yeah. No business first name. Yeah. And he came back because they asked, why did you come back? Oh, because of God. Uh-huh. Yeah, right. You know. And they have a, they says that you can have the cause with oil for free. But you could buy the tape of the girl. Yeah. For what? Don't be so scared. Well, hi, would you do that? It says that she's healing all the people. She's in a coma. Right. Yeah, that's got to be the one to mass the juices. I don't know where it was. But I was going to say that. That's why they took her to the football stadium and all the people came from miles around here. That's the, I mean, the, I just believe that. I just, well, I got a lot of, well, of course, thank God that they would exploit her for fun and profit. Yeah, no kids. Uh-huh. OK. Thanks for the good news. OK. And of course, that, you know, brings us back to all this new fund religion among the youth out there. All right. Let's hear people want to be given a lot of horse crap. Here it is right on the front page this morning in the Harold from Littlefinn to Fort Lauderdale. Teen's United in faith. Oh God. Girls like to see believe in yourself. And of course, this is about the girl in the Cassey, Bernal. And the one kid said it were the one punks. Did you believe in God? And then she said yes. And he said, well, and maybe you'll be with him now. And of course, she's not with him. He's in a box. She's dead. But be that as a may. Religion experts say there's a growing movement to designate Cassey as a martyr. Is this, is this pathetic or what? Oh, just just tragic. Where was God when she was getting shot? Letting her. Let her get married. Oh, that's right on there. We thought about that. He works in mysterious ways. She couldn't have been a martyr if he wouldn't have let her get shot and killed. Very good. Excellent reasoning. Well, I guess that's the end of that. Huh? I mean, what is wrong with these people? All they're all turning to fit. Jesus is Lord. A deep desperate people looking for answers to God only knows what. He must know because I sure is all don't know. What are they looking for the answer for? What's the problem? Like we said when they had all these shootings, what's everybody so God didn't angry about? Look at this on CNN again. Here we go. Little Tim Colorado again. They just keep hanging on and it goes on. Oh, and by the way, thank God there's no violence on television. The same people are on there screaming and hollowing about others too much God didn't violence. All he's saying television never gives you executive. Guess what? All these other, I've never seen anything like it in my life. They must have 600 different shows on now. The whole show is nothing about showing car crashes, plane wrecks, people dying, violent deaths. What do they just change the name of the networks to faces of death, ab and sea, you know, one, two and three. That's all they got on there. And then they said that they're taken to the brawls of Jerry Springer, which means that the ratings are going to tank and then he'll have to put them back on again. Because the last time that they took them all off, remember that a few months ago, the ratings went right in the crapper. Because that's the only reason people watched that. See, we blew it when we had the chance on a whammy thing. If we had just had just had fistfight, we could have just had a sales department needing on there. Just put a camera in a sales department. People beaten us, not out of each other. That's what the American public wants. Like I told you before, they have an unstasable appetite for violence. And I don't want to one hand, you're all screaming. Oh, gee, there's just too much of this and a violent video against enemy time to can't get enough of it. Not enough sex, too much violence. That's American, that's the whole thing. America very uptit about sex, but they can't get enough violence to satiate their own, there is sick appetite for it. 560, 50560, pound, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and like worth our only call left in the board. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, I'd like to make graduated home safely. I'm home back. I can't listen. I'm back. I'd like to go to the board. What you were just saying, I'd take a George Collins and I'd much rather my children watch two people making love than two people killing each other. Yeah, well, that's not the American effin' way, man. Yeah, I know. I love violence. Kind of sick, right? It's not made up. Kind of sick. Very, very sick. Listen, I'm not one to sit here and talk about hockey because I don't know. Good. I'm not one to the other. That's a, that's a, that's a David. Yeah. Well, one second. I was a very, very exciting game that Dallas, Alvaro, I actually wanted to go in the farm. I was just sitting there, just like in, and all of the wildest things, it's just really exciting. Yeah. Compared to those seven foot freaks, if you know what I mean? Yeah. How'd you do in Vegas pretty good? Lost my ass. Oh, well, I had a good time. Yeah. What you had fun? Yeah, of course I did. Speaking of what you were talking about. I was here. I'm not with the only thing I have left over from Vegas is this sign of thing. Now, my cheek speed like they're going to cave in. My nose is like, all dry and cake would not, but I didn't that. I feel great. I know the same thing happened to me. I hate to tell the story about the booger being somewhere. I have to have to, you know, what's on it? Yeah. It's usually on stuck in my face when the person goes to the, yeah, you know, exactly. Like when you go in for a business of poverty or something like that. Yeah. I, my swept up. I was a single's bar, you know. Oh, look at that. That's different. I swept up to the bank statement. You asked, so I'll like the, the earring in my nose. It's a fashion statement. It's like the bone in my nose. I swept up the dizzy world. I took the kids up there and we were standing on line to get on the monorail. And on the other side, there's another monorail going down the opposite way. And all this blood not a nowhere, here are all these people screaming. And there's a child happened to wander away from a concerned parent. I assume, and was standing right next to where the child could have fallen in to the where it's as high voltage. Uh-huh. And I could not believe it. I mean, and then the mother, you know, eventually walks over after somebody grabbed a kid with this smile on her face like, oh, no, and I like you. The inch, these parents, and I only took my kids up there because I had to take my kids up here because they want to go to see them. But it's like putting a gun to my head to see the way these other parents just let their kids do whatever. It's unbelievable. And then the kid almost got killed. Yeah. It was like no big deal for her. She was smiling. Well, I was using the phone. You know, you're talking about the other one. You haven't really got the right one. You haven't really got the right one. And on my way out, including I'd like to call somebody to speak to you. Yeah. I'll wane you're an upholstering, showing douchebag. Okay, see, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. It's going to be a brutal day because it's like Tuesday, but it's a Monday after the holiday in their minds. You know what I'm saying? It's going to be a brutal day. So get that music ready. Stand by because I'm just, wow. I'm serious. I don't really feel that bad from the chin down. I feel okay, but boy, I'm in a head that whole sinus thing. What did Joe say to the stuff was you get? Oh, he didn't tell you. He told me, well, I forgot already. Oh, seriously, my head is so plugged up with all that kick, snod that I can't even think straight. And I really mean that I was in Vegas for Friday evening Saturday Sunday. We left yesterday morning. So like two and a half days. And I don't even know that I was there. I don't, what is it? Ocean, he said the ocean. Yeah, he said stick your head in the ocean. Okay, and see how long you keep it there. Okay, thanks, Joe. And by the way, Joe, look at these pictures and you have a crumbian fidget. Oh my God. By the way, did anybody call in and knows Jeff Popovich yet? No, Popovich, whatever his name is, this is supposed to be the sports station. Huh? I don't get it. I mean, this is a U.S.M. Hercune football player for crying a lot. They probably just wanted to admit it. 24, 11, it's 5, 60, WQA. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. I'm all right, K.E. K.E. I'm all right, K.E. K.E. I've been congested this health too, and I just got on this new stuff. It seems to be helping out. It's called a Levocquin. Have you heard of it? No. It seems to be a pretty good I've been out for about a week and I'm head to finally clear. I've been so congested by years and driving me crazy. Yeah. The stuff seems work pretty well, so we can get it. If you can spend the F.C. You're Dr. Mone asking that. If you're my doctor, I'm going to go to the doctor for a little nasal congestion. G's, I'm not that much of a pussy. Come on. Okay, you know, nothing about more sexual violence. Yes, I got a group that whole Harley. You know, it's a crazy thing. I used to work in a video store and movie Titanic. We can show real too, you know, people die and all over the place, guy from suicide. A real one with a beautiful young woman's, a being naked. Nope, can't show that. It's right. First of all, you take it easy. Okay, I have a great day, Pal. When I don't blow it out. What do you say? Yeah. Oh, man, there's, there's, I'll, I'll tell you, I do like, I don't know, it's a step thing about, you know, getting all that nasty stuff out of your body. I do like the feeling when you have all that kicked, bloody, uh, I, I mean, that's gross, but it's a part of human life, you know, and you like blow it out. It's great. But you just have to be real careful where that goes. There should be like a net. We should have some kind of receptacle. Oh, how about using a hanky? Oh, that's, that's the easy. Only pussy do that. Makes you gay. Yeah, that's right. If you use a hanky, it makes you gay. So let me, uh, there you go. Oh, yeah. What do you see that? Yeah. Oh, it's just a little bit of blood for crying out. A lot of you some kind of a pussy that's going to pass out. Yeah, but there's no one. Blood. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I, well, this extra driving, that's what you, what you get. Show Joe. Show Joe passes out of this kind of blood. What's that? That's nothing. You should see me amount of blood. It's come out of my nose the last two days. It's a chunk. It's not the blood. It's the mucus blood mixed right. Oh, that's delicious. Yeah. That's great at lunch time. Kind of like to cleanse your palate. You know, so that anything on top of that taste really good. Stop being so full of crap. Okay. This Joe costs still. You know what he's in that redneck crap. Okay. They take your ass out of Italy in five minutes. And don't give me to see Ferrari's. Ferrari's isn't for rednecks. Ferrari's is with people got a lot of money. So don't tell me about the titans like rednecks. A titans hate rednecks. Can't stand rednecks. Especially Jeff Gordon they hate like poison. Talk about a guy that's really boring. In fact, you know something. I don't know where those rumors started about him about Jeff Gordon's effect. Because we don't need him. Okay. He's too boring. We got other people who like speculate about like Ricky Martin. Okay. At least he looks good. He made me full of crap and he can't sing with a crap. But at least he looks good. But Jeff Gordon, he don't look good. He's got no personality. He's my member of the God squad. Yeah. That's your crowd. This is a boring rednecks. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. You want to talk about that cat's either, Martyr. Yeah. You're saying in the paper they talk to one of the girls from college. Yeah. She blamed Satan. Was that God's that's the limits. I guess you can only kill 13. Then you can't do it. Oh, is that it? God had a limit. Well, 13's lucky number. You know, nothing. I don't understand. Like God knows the future. So why do you make Satan anyway? To make you believe in God. I've been asking people that forever. God is so impudent. The same God that when he gets pissed off, he can like flood the whole world and kill everybody. That same God, he won't get rid of Satan because he's a man of Satan. Yeah, but I heard about he's a Satan. I got this from Carl's. I get one of his book. He said if God knows the future, he's responsible for it. That's an exact incorrect. If you can't have any free will, you want to do this. Uh-huh. All right. I think like when I had an animosity with a baffle on a tree. I'm trying to know what they were going to do. He know I was going to be a pair on the ground pretty soon. Of course. Especially when they were naked. I tried to fore God made Satan. I didn't even know how to make it. He would be happy with Hitler. We're going to all the Jews. Right. Okay. Well, thanks a lot, Neil. Don't forget about Greg Reed managing the station. 560, 560, pound 560. Well, which is the most evil of the ones above that he mentioned. 560, 560, pound 560. On the mobile one line. We're not going to find out about Jeff Popper, which nobody here knows from. Maybe a lot of calls off the earth. Saying what? Saying blah, blah, blah, nander, nander, nander. I don't speak English. Saying what? He's number 30. Yeah. You know, I don't speak football. So how come he's like button naked and Abercrabby and Fitch? Is that a football thing? I mean, I believe me. I'm not complaining. He's a good-looking guy. And so is his identical twin brother. I mean, real real. I'm a scale of 10. I give him both about a two million. Great looking guys. But I find that a little bit bizarre. And I think that the people that you have ever heard, would be a lot amazed. A astonished. I actually get some people off there to see those games, by the way. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Hey. What happened to the pop of it? What do you mean what happened to him? What do you do? Running around naked? Do you know who he is? Yeah. He's a buddy of your- He plays special teams for the game. Right. And he's got an identical twin brother, Doug. Okay. And their models in the Abercrabby and Fitch catalog. Oh. Uh-oh. They're butt hanging out. Yeah. Uh-oh. Y'all huh? Oh my god. I haven't my hand right now. And then you catalog too. Next, we'll be just Gordon. Then it could be, uh-oh. Okay. Give a big kiss for me, pal. There's a guy that knows you have pop-away. Oh! Did all boy. That's what I said. Well, I saw the picture. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. It's going to be a long, long, rolling Tuesday. Oh, god. This is the price you pay for a three-day holiday weekend for going to Vegas and seeing all those beautiful white people in the MGM grand. I always tell you, George, at this morning, you know, I want to think about the MGM grand. It's like, this is where upper middle class, young America meets and plunges their brains out. In fact, that first night I walk into door there at the MGM grand about midnight. And I just started in the lobby. Hey, Neil. And here's a bunch of young guys from Miami. And one of them says, oh, yeah, you know, my tweet is my uncle. I said, the great. Good guy. See, good luck. Well, I mean, what was I going to do? Is I going to stop and show these guys I had money to lose? I don't, you don't have time in Vegas to stop and, uh, smooth and cruise. You got to lose that money, man. Time is up the essence, plunges through there. Just plunge your brains out. Have a good cleansing experience. And I did. And I feel great about it. The only place I can think of in the world where you can go and lose your ass and still have a great time. And at the Paris Casinos coming along, we'll go, you know, the Hilton one there across from Belazio. That thing is going to be ready in the fall. And, uh, you know, and like I said, I didn't go to the Venetian. It didn't have time. Didn't go over to Mandela Bay. Maybe it, maybe I'm not as fast as I used to be used to be in a two or three day weekend. I had about a half a dozen different joints. I'm not as nimble as I used to be, you know, and by the way, don't gamble at the MGM grad. It's a great place to stay, but you don't want to gamble there. You'll lose your... ...brechtome, right? Tropicana. In fact, I did read, they have a rumor that they have the high priced machines. I call it the rubber room. Like $2.5 dollars, there was one guy playing $100 machines two at a time, by the way. $100 slots. But anyway, so there was one old fart there in the $2 machines, and he was just $100. And so twice in the same day, I went and there played a machine that he'd finished playing and hit $600 jackpot on both machines, and he was ordinary. He was psychotic. Hey, you're following me around, hit mama. I said, yeah, well, somebody's got to take it. Yeah. Cross the old fart. 560, 0560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. We got any living and breathing people out there today. No, they probably all got killed by the crazy drivers out there in a highway. Let me say it again, if you have to drive for a living in this town, I salute you. My hats off to you, okay? Especially if you really know how to drive. I have never seen anything in my life, and believe me, I've been driving here for 25 years, so I know about all the crappy driving, but that trip from the airport yesterday. Perfect, I mean, it wasn't a drop of rain, perfect sunshine, no problem at all. God, like the end of the world. And by the way, it's just searching for satellite signal on here, so it must be raining like hell. Yeah. Oh, geez. It was beautiful and Vegas. Like about 95 in the day and about the 60 and 9. Oh, man, it was no clear, you know, the real and dry though. So the real dry air, you can just feel the blood drying inside your veins, you know? Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes. The man, it could so ice cubes to ask a most, what a guy. Hello. I'm listening, man, you're not getting anything, we're going ahead. Well, I'm about to say something. This is the Butler from Palm Beach. Oh, okay, let's go to a Miami, hello. Hey, no, it was some crazy person, yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you. Don't choose on the Leafs. Yeah, well, I, I, I knew it was all over, right? I'm not, uh, we had a big year. You said that every day. Okay. On you, you, you pretty much called. I had a right on target in the Pittsburgh series. I said the Leafs in 60, 1 and 6, and this series, I said if they don't win game 1, I think they'll lose 4 in a row, maybe 5 and it went 5 games. You know, I mean, when you don't have any defense, when you're letting guys walk around in front of the venue, you don't want to hit anybody. They're going to score on you. And, uh, you know, they got beat by a better team. That's all I can tell you. Did you get back to your two from the airport in time to see it? No, I saw right from the opening. Yeah, I got home 730 right on the dot. Hey, this, this place, if I, if I, if I was screaming out the window, these crazy drivers and said, look, I can't afford to get killed right now. I got to go watch the Leafs lose their last game of the year. And I did. Tell me, is this might be be a little picky on Pac Quinn, but do you think it was wise to take out the, uh, to pull Kujo at the end when the other team was killing a penalty, they could just throw it down the ice without fear. I did all you've got to totally backwards, sir. What he should have done was pull them out as soon as they got the power play. They had the face off in the Buffalo end. There are two and a half minutes to go. Then you got a six on a four. You got a two man advantage. Then at least you got a chance to tie it up. That's what he should have done. Yeah, yeah, but there's no, there's no fear of icing from the other team. They could throw it down at will. So, so what they're going to do, just play way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way. I can't we can whatever. Yeah, but yeah, what you're talking about, of course, he's got a point, am I? You're trying to tie the game, I'm sure. Yeah, he pulled them out when it wasn't even a win. You're right, he showed up holding the motors as soon as they got the penalty on that Buffalo with two and a half, two, thirty nine to go. Yup. Great. Go as they do, okay. Good luck, yes. So you'll need it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pos. Five, 60 on a mobile, 1 line. Here's the leading plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. We just love Vegas, I just love hearing about Vegas. Oh gosh. What I was going to tell you was, did you know that while you were out there, a man put $60 into the slot machine at the garage and 1, 4.5 million. I know I was watching CNN news last night. Oh, boy. And I know I didn't help you knew. And they flashed the different states and the news of the day, like one line. And it's a lost day, it's a tourist. I thought it might have been you. Of course, put $60 in slot machine when 4.5 million at the garage. You know what I was thinking all the while I was there? What? Isn't it ridiculous that people can have to go there to have a good time? I was thinking about the whole time that I was there. Out in the middle of the desert, we got to go there. And as though you were doing something illicit, something wrote, test something unacceptable out there. You know, this state is so in the dark ages here, it makes me want to vomit. I'll tell you, sometimes I really would like to go there. But yet, I'm like you unless I have about $80 billion put away. I don't think I could because I really like to play Blackjack. So I don't understand why people move there and then, oh, we don't gamble. Well, then why are you going? But it's true, though. I mean, look, you have to, if you want to get on a plane and go gamble, you have to go to paradise island. It costs twice as much number one to go there. And the casino is such a rattle. And it's true, you know, Vegas is just such a fun, fun place. Even if you don't gamble, you know, just to go there for the food and the entertainment. And just to walk, I just love going through the hotels and walking around the hotel. Yeah, you just sit in the lobby and watch people for 20 or 30 on. Exactly. It's such a great place. You're going to line it and grab a few, yeah. So you wouldn't move there, huh? I wouldn't move, no, I would not move there. Yeah. Why would I move there? Yeah, no reason to. When you can go and everyone. It's a cowboy town. Yeah, huh? Okay, everybody tastes like. All right, no, you too, bye. I would never a dream, moving there. Plus that dry air. What about a month straight of that? They would, I would just be like kicked up in a big glob of dry blood. That would be me. Shamassirious, that's all I would be. Oh, what's that? Or just a blood kick? Used to be a guy. Just a big fat blood kick. Man, just drives you inside though. 560, 50560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. On a deadly Tuesday. Three minutes before 11 at 560, WQA, and you want to... I'm not a rake. Don't you keep laying hands on your head. I have a good daughter day. I'm a good daughter day. Don't you have a good daughter day. Don't you have a good daughter day. And a rake. You're done today. Have yourself some dumb a Christian fun. Oh, well, your friends away will back you all the way. You spend a year or a life you want to come. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter. When you pass your heater, you carry a life and soon, you deadly come on and go. I've seen a man in Narjan. Lost throughout the night, all of this will be here, all of that. I've been telling you all. англий me no more to each other. Act me. it's not that! It's 11 out to at 5.60 at WQM. So Sam the sham our promotions man was just in here telling me that he was a member of the, well, not this group, but he was on that same plane. Coming back from Venezuela. It's on the front page of the Hilda's morning. My M.A. officer claims abuse in Venezuela. Traveller's accused of endangering the flight. And it goes on and on about 11. My M.A. where accused of routing behavior on their charter flight and then were detained in Caracas in miserable conditions for more than 24 hours. Well, come to fight out that same who is from Venezuela was on that plane. And he said that those Cubans were assholes. What he said. They were grabbing the Stood as an ass and he racked in like a bunch of assholes. That's what he said. But in the article here, it says that kept calling us the Cubans. To let us our passports were fake. We were illegal. That said, I want to give him a hat of hassle for like hours and hours. Which we say. All right. That'll teach you to go to Caracas. I told you to attend the World Country. Did not tell you that? Oh, God. You get to the airport. They're talking about a paramilitary operation. Man. But animal place. Venezuela. Sam can't help but he's from there. So we don't have any choice. But why would anybody in the right mind go there in the first place? 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. As the search continues, also searching for satellites signal on the small this year must be raining cats and dogs. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Yes. Are you okay? Yeah. Well, maybe you can confirm a rumor I've heard that still Henry is coming back on the morning saying, yeah, right. Not not happened. Can I back out what morning thing? Well, there's like some sort of syndication deal that they're working on. Yeah. I'm working on what? Bringing him, you know, from KFI and Los Angeles. There's national syndication. How long have you been here in that? About a week. I've been learning for a year and a half. It's not happening. Not happening. No. All right. Listen, another share. I want to ask you about. I don't know if you knew that's about him. But Joe Bush apparently a big supporter of Casino Gamble. That's true. No, he's not. Oh, you're you got some great information. You got great information. No, of course he's not a supporter, Casino Gamble. He won't even let him have the guy damn slots in the race tracks that they just kill that bill. Where were you getting this information? Are you on drugs? Are you doing magic mushrooms? Well, I've been rolling a little. Okay, well keep rolling away, pal. That's it. That's the end of our calls for today. That's the end. Minion in four minutes today. Well, yeah, and like you said, it's a vacation walk. We're still on vacation. I think we did pretty damn good by the way in a month of May considering when you really stop and think about it. We actually had a few calls at a month of May. Now today. Oh, that's right today is the first June officially. Oh, we're done. We're history. Just look at the phone you can tell right there. We're done. It's been a lot of fun. It's been great. But I forgot about what it's like. Now it's not officially summer on the calendar. But believe me, what I'd tell you were done. We're cooked. We're in the finito. So let me tell you the little story that Sanders told me. 567.0560. 556. First of all, it was boring. And secondly, when I tell somebody, I'm not going to repeat something on a year. I don't repeat it on a year. Always find it very disturbing that people say, oh, you can't say it. If I tell you I'm not going to repeat it, I don't repeat it. Although if it would have been more interesting. 567. We got anybody on here at all. How I see one. It may be thinking about it. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Deal. Yes, sir. Pretty desperate. You know what? You know what? I think it is for the sky falling. I guess it's another hurricane on its way. I wanted to say it's a half of it. It's brother. I guess so. I wanted to tell you. You can't believe we don't get any calls from people who that is. It's time to have fun. This is not just this town is so boring. It's so freaking boring here, man. These people are boring. They are. You know what? It is. I had more fun. The first five minutes in Vegas than I have here in 10 years. Let me tell you, now I'm probably one of the only natives from South Florida. And as soon as I can get the hell out of here to any other place. Why couldn't I want to go? Why couldn't have been me there at the Mirage? You wouldn't have four and a half made it on the slot machine. I would have sent you all a personal thank you cards that have a great life. The reason why I'm calling you is because I want to tell you that I'm not a sports fan at all whatsoever. But I happen to watch a particular basketball game. And now I know the reason why you always batch basketball because that is boring is crap. Oh, it's the worst. I mean how many how many uh... files and uh... I'm sure it was though. Yeah, exactly. I don't know. I just don't get it. It's absolutely stupid. Why anyone would want to watch that crap? Hey, by the way, speaking of basketball even as much as I don't follow. When I did see the end of that Nixon, the end again, the other day. Well, all these heat people down here though. You know, it did make it ever do when that series because they're not going to go anywhere. How do you like that to hear that next winning? Oh, man. I loved it. Even though this was stuffing up those phony heat fans as we were so close. Those plastic heat fans with their cell phones and their phony plants to get a tooth. Well, I mean my uh... The answer like basketball games, I think what hasn't go but yeah. I would not want to go I think they couldn't pay any of them. They will see that crap. I don't know how you can feel my throat. How can you know like three minutes of a basketball game for like a half an hour? Right. All the time. I'm free throws. Well, they only have 85 times out. You know, they say them all for the end. Yeah, that's good. About 30 seconds time out of 30 minutes time out. I mean, what's the point? I have no idea. Anyway, I love you, baby. And have a great day. Okay. 56050505050. I don't know. I got a little bit of think uh... the change, you know. Never bomb his me any other time. Go to Europe and I come back. I go to Vegas and come back with this time. I'm feeling the change. In my hands, I don't even have my pockets. But I'm feeling the change. 5605050505050 on the AT&T Wireless line. I mean, the story about the none in the girl with the HIV part. I'm not even going to waste my time with that today. I'm not going any great a material today. Why waste my time? Two days after holiday weekend, these slackers out there. They're too busy trying to kill each other in a highway here to talk to me. That's what you're busy doing. Get out of your cars now. Okay. Park it. Pull it off the shoulder of the road. Park the guy at the end thing. Okay. And walk. Save our lives. Save our lives from a bunch of murdering assholes and cars and trucks down here, including that jacket. You know, and I shouldn't say this because you know, I'm not, I'm not a violent person, but I was thinking to myself, if it would have been me, I'll at first of all, I wouldn't have been going that slow. But if for some reason, I would have been in that right hand lane and that jacket came up from behind and tried to pass me on a shoulder going about 70 miles an hour. If it would have been me and I would have had a gun in the car, I would have blown those windows. See, it goes to show you. You should never go into the car. I'm serious. I would have been psychotic because this guy, basically, was like attempted murder. And I actually thought for a fraction of a second, I thought, you know, I was a little bit of ways up the road. I thought I'd pouring off to the shoulder because I was a witness to it, you know. And then I thought to myself, this is a crazy person. We've heard that, you know, here in the building, we've been talking about some people here lately at a while, I mentioned no names. But this was a certifiably crazy person in that car, a banana boat person, crazy. I mean, it looks to me, you like an attempted murder, basically, like vehicular homicide almost. And of course, he wouldn't be listening to the show because I'm sure he would need an interpreter. Put him back on a goddamn rubber rack and send him back where they came from. Maybe they were from Karakas, I don't know, maniacs. 10 minutes after 11 at 5.50 WCW, I'm on a clean now. A king can make his own clothes not upgrade to proves a teen, the Gar spun. The Gar spun, in turn, The神 Stitcher could love a text of this sublog friend? The Gar spun 20 minutes later, Marian Großulukku. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job and makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job and makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job and makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job and makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job and makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job and makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man and the Party makes this a good job. The Gandhi Man if you brought the topic up. I was coming home from work, when I saw like a Honda or something. And one of those fish with the cross inside, and it had a bumper sticker that's said, p.s. 23 and I couldn't forget what was, and it says, you know, he was shot aton I kind of stuck. I couldn't forget I was saw 20 3. The bö and I put on the top of the car, it had a TV antenna. Are those slamps that are on the back of trucks with the woman silhouette. the naked woman right underneath you and tennis along with all the religious artifacts not be right in thought that was interesting combination anything is um... the c.com jikers column about the case against those and i have a right in front of me yeah about that program on hp out tonight for a point out of you i got it okay now ready on time we've time we would have gone into this thing in life which he did not uh... the case against oj listening w i nz question mark he would have had to talk about the fact that rickinson came into work on Friday morning unaware of the uh... stupid desperate publicity stunt station and the station pulled with his oj a phony job offer and it's the end time of the american sub and since he hit the ground so much he wouldn't have done that so he doesn't write anything about that all he does is really write the started over the promote the fact that this horrible awful things on hp out and i would share i'm not going to be watching it should be interesting to find out you know uh... that they say it's pretty uh... gruesome some of the stuff they show and they said they play the on that right that's why people want to watch a position with a lot of gruesome stuff about a following with right and the annexed and i want to go right but you know we talk about the quality of radio south florida two things that happen first on the back of the same section you see this program that's coming on w spr we know four key year old posting the show about replling no and then Saturday i was uh... trying to get something on the car radio on my way to work and i happen across the show and it's a psychic and i figured you know it's like one of these small independent stations uh... it's trying to fill time it was w i n z sure middle of the afternoon on Saturday uh... absolutely ridiculous fifty thousand lots of pure on the delderated uh... help us all okay have a great day so to i thought he said he had something to say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teawilis on we got our picture back in let's see is it a pretty picture what let's turn on that guy then cnbc all we're gonna down a hundred and forty point you know i'm starting a little tired of that crap i can tell you that right now i'm a serious you're close to the roof i get up this morning all european market show through the roof Hong Kong and Japan went up overnight i'm figuring hey the market's going to have the futures was up five points this morning hundred and thirty eight down again every day down down to accept those passes and made all those millions and billions of dollars with their america online and with their ebay and with the intel and all the other crap that they got all these other fancens stocks do spag dot com yeah except for the people that had that everybody else were all losing our ass how's that possible unless you had i b m g e another half of those stupid direct text stock you're losing your ass all i want one time just give me a stock i'll buy it at two dollars sell it at two hundred uh one i'm not greedy i don't want to hold like a list of them i don't want to hold big portfolio just one that's all now wait a week or two for two go up five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teewallus line little havana hello yes sir oh and you oh my god yeah it's uh holy little havana see oh hey i'm an old you oh i think about the thing with um rubberny wall is talking about that uh they're characterizing the i and is as unfair that their employees are all that did you read it? no i did not what are you talking about sir? well it was uh on the Saturday I know you were out of town and uh it's RE rubber time back you know the black guy in the house i don't mean black crap i don't read him he's an idiot right right this is the i and s director writing into the um you know the editor's page are complaining about it and uh what about this column i mean this is this classic i mean i'll you know i'm sitting here i'm looking at it and i'm thinking much like i think you are looking at it yeah sounds like it's a mean listen you are you going down again i think you're like looking uh one eye back into the other one yeah yeah yeah including go Marlin okay i think that's called cocky it is what they call that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teewallus line we got one call on aboard it's deadly you know i'm trying to get my blood to like a colligulate again or whatever the opposite i guess what what would you call it thin out huh all another medical term well no it's not on with your blood the opposite of colligulate right when you go to the thinnier your blood thickens ball that's in this well then how come i had all that six not because it affects all those lines of the strides out your signices and then you went and doubted drives it out it does yeah and then you kick out extra mucous and then that drives out and that's where you get the uh the really dry and you can so you know what you're hoping you're doing huh oh my god it's a double play it's a q and double play i got a finger in each uh oh my i was hoping to be able to pick out some nice big uh what chunks for but i don't have any in there now what what's up my goodness that's all come on grow up a little bit what yeah Jesus Christ you're in here talking to this morning with Tracy about the swing clubs and all that crap yeah so what do you tell you he was watching by the way five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teewallus line one of these days i'm gonna do a show on couples tasters okay guys the chase couples around allegedly because they want to chase the woman but they're usually really chasing the guy like ninety five percent of the time one of these days but not today here's a mobile info a lot of nail hello hey Neil how you doing pretty good sir uh listen i was wondering if you guys can't talk about uh i'm favorite sheriff nick winning a million bucks out and they yeah that's a last one yeah that's all news that was last week yeah so i don't know if he talked about that i did yeah i'm not even checking my family he was anti-gambling is a goddamn self-righteous hypocritical piece of crap with white hair is what he is and he was out there with that other asshole president and they combined the money and uh he was i didn't i didn't know that he was out there with his buddy pressed in hand oh yeah oh my god when the ricketer ricketer ricketer oh Jesus ah oh no i'm really having a real life thanks to the good news sir oh god that fn pressed in hand from the swap shop where they used to have me do remotes only because he likes to be practically in tears on the stage there from the elephant crap and saw us oh my god pressed in hand and his good buddy sheriff nicked two of them and joined it the hip i think they even shower together those two sheriff nickn is million dollars he won in the slaughter and he had its illegal see that's what i was saying i'm in biggest and i have it a great time and i'm thinking of myself what kind of crap is it what kind of a communist bunch of crap is it that it's okay to be here and doing this i'm in the middle of the god damn desert but god in florida it would be illicit and illegal and horrendous even over god every other kind of gambling out of the sun and i work on a station where 90 percent of the people listen our compulsive chronic gamblers and need metal help not permission have to staff oh we don't want to we don't want to have gambling it's evil the newspapers don't like it and the governor of course you don't like anything because he's a full-fledged card carrying Nazi set of a bitch the governor five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line so pressed in and his hand were there with sheriff nick maybe they pulled a handle together huh here's a mobile in candle hello any oh thank you i just got back to you and you're absolutely correct sir that is one heck of where we're just a little bit beautiful hotel all kitty corner right across the street from the mgm i could walk over there but i didn't see it i'd have been in there yet great place places to eat great phone looks like a beautiful city i just wish the uh i just wish casino get get down here and i think that's going to be forever tell you something the fact that we're never going to have casios in this town is one of the great crimes against mankind in the history of human race and it goes to show you what a redneck Bible something phony baloney state this is here here thank you for them for the advice to go back to the biggest and i grew up making plans are ready for the problem next four five months ahead of again all right thank you sir i'll see you there like i said what a great place to go and see all those beautiful white people was Vegas what were you smiling about it's true i didn't see any sports there in the mgm grand what it's great in Vegas it is i mean if the shorts is what it goes to the nba that's great they don't have an nba team up there they can watch the games on the big screen in the sports book all over time there are no sports isn't Vegas even the people weight on you are white you know never thought about that before we went into a Ralph's diner there and the start us which by the way don't go back there they used to be my favorite diner every time we go to Vegas i always stop for at least one meal usually a couple of breakfast did Ralph's diner in the start us and then they they tore it up and they we modeled it about a year ago and they they must have tore up the kitchen too because the food was crap crap which was shocking to me because you know it's like going into restaurant where you've been there as a little bit in times it's always great and then you walk in and it turns out to be crap and i don't know about you but when i'm in a place like Vegas it's got always great the restaurants and the cafes and fantastic joists i don't want to have crap you know i don't even want to play 1125 and 560 WQM because my feeling is if i want i'll go back to my enemy and believe me they never disappoint How did u not come on you Tha ee vous pedra zab I was thinking about that too, you know, that was leaving through one of the biggest papers out there this weekend. I think it's the journal or two, they have two terrible papers out there. But anyway, I'm leaving through it and there's an article about how they, the Nevada legislature just passed it bill narrowly. I think it was like 24 to 17 to allow parents to spank their children. And I was thinking to myself, what business has the government got telling you, whether or not you can spank your children. Just like what business is the government got telling you, whether you can, you know, grow a planet of backyard and smoke it. And just like what business is the government got telling people if they can build a casino in Florida. What kind of a fascist guy then country is this? You know, when you come out down to what you don't talk about? Yeah. Talk about Hutspa, a state legislator is passing a law telling you that it's okay to spank your children. And you American published, oh yeah, that makes sense. You know, whatever crap they do shout, you American public says, oh yeah, that makes sense. We have to have lost to protect the children, you know. Like I said last week, and I'm never going to forget as long as I live my own words from real God. That's right. As long as I live, I'll never forget my profound words about what's in your brain. Is it a bunch of crap that somebody else stuck in here or something that you came up with yourself? Thank you so much, John penis. Here's lunch for our friends that I'm on subbythe way. Yeah, I see another menu is sticking in here for another goddamn plug. I see it. Now good stuff. On subspecially sandwiches and smoothies and they make any sandwich into a salad, by the way, so it can't have the bread like me. I'm on the atkins now for one 10 or 11 hours at least. See, I don't do the atkins like non stuff. I do it a few hours here, a few hours there, especially overnight while I'm sleeping. I do the atkins very well. Stick to it. 100%. Never cheated on the atkins during my sleeping hours. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, I do an yellow great. Hey, you know, you write about these. Here is municipal jackasses people who would write cars. Now my wife and I. They're going out from the porthouse stake. I mean, Sunday night. Do you or what? The porthouse state. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's on the Colundin. You're 180-3. Yeah, Neil. So we were coming out when you get in the cab and this jackass to jackass and they were hunting the horn. So this is, so while driving the one that a pull out, you couldn't pull out. This guy wanted a pull-in. The other lady who looked about 100 years old wanted to pull out. And, you know, any flutters have gone, Neil. And they couldn't do anything about it. Yeah. And, uh, well, that one's at the very, it was possible people these jackasses. And they can't ride. And, uh, and, and another way they work and we'll change, we'll change the greens and all that bits and what the hell we were doing. What the hell are we driving down here for? Neil. I can't understand all that. Yeah. So, uh, that's my question, Neil. That's, that's the question. Yeah, right. About these in jackasses. Question about jackasses. Okay. Well, let me ask you a question. Yeah. Lots of questions. Huh? Lots of questions. I just have a great day. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. I feel better lunches here like I said from our good buddies that I've, on sub, I got, what is this? This is called the tuner. I don't know why they call it that because as soon as I said, it's not a tuner. Huh? It's not a tuner. No, not a tuner. T when you are. As in tuner and Mayo sandwich, but it's not tuner. It's girlfriend's drumming. Swiss cheese, grillonians and green pecker peppers. Let us debate us in mustard. And they put it all together here. I'm not going to be silent without the bread if you don't want the sub. Thanks a lot, guys. And thanks to John Pinas. Also, when do I'm coming up the elevator this morning with screw in our sales manager who, of course, you and I don't speak unless we just happen upon each other like this morning when she was coming in the same time that I was. And I held the door open for being a very polite person as I am. And we got on the elevator again and she said, oh, I knew you were such a great job. You're just the best. Oh, God. She did. I mean, just the most unbelievable. I looked right in the eye and I said, and I thought, Jesus Christ, I said, don't you have me confused with somebody else like maybe, is that possible? And then I said, hey, about that Todd Drec, how about having him bring me some coffee for some of those accounts? Oh, he happens to be the best sales account exactly we got. That's right, all you people in sales, by the way, screw in says that Todd Drec is our best account executive, not that I want to start anything, but I'm just telling you for the record screw in. That's her opinion. I guess the next two raw. So Joe Castell is in there eating his a comfy fried steak. Actually, he's eaten my salad. What do you mean by that? Means it was sitting there open and he decided it looked really good and he's a picking me to more than you do, okay? He needs a little shirt. Maybe it'll straighten out. So confused, such a. So if did we find out, did you talk to the sports people by the way, anybody? They know who this guy is for the Hurcones? They know they're just nuts. Yeah, they used to know who he wasn't telling us, so I was almost taking pictures, I've a crappy in-fetch catalog and they're all running around. Oh, Jesus, models, you know. Those male models, we all know about them, don't we? Uh-huh. Yeah. And those identical twins. You know, that's a fantastic. I'm on a right of book on that. You know, I have to do some research first. Maybe we'll start with Jeff and the Doug. The thing about the incestuous relationship between identical twins. And I still don't understand what all they history about, cloning was all about. What's the big deal? It's still on other person. We've had identical twins since the beginning of time. Stop confusing them with a fast. Okay. Oh my god, you'll have people looking to slightly tell her, yeah, like these two. They are identical as you can get, huh? I'll only one of them has got this pants down with me, so. Correct. Oh, yeah, you can't really have the other ones, huh? Yeah, it's the other one. Is that the football player? No, it's the other one. How about the one with his uh, rectum? Hang in out. No, that's the other one. Look at that. Identical, aren't they? At least from the naval op. Shoot a nice Rob Kaplan's twin brother about that, you know? Because he said that he had a much larger penis than Rob. I'm not really sure. 560, 505, 60, pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Yeah, sir. Welcome back. Thank you, I'm back. Listen, you got me going. Let me put a few things together. Go ahead, sir. You or, oh, but put me back, I'll, oh, oh, I should go ahead. Oh, okay. Put your back on the hook for what? I think he said talk fast, I'm on a mobile phone. No, no, I said take your time. Okay, any of you, you're absolutely right. First you have to nail an head with this with this state of Florida, but the broad picture with this country, like you said with them, the deciding on not only gambling, but banking, but when it comes to something like, oh, Joe, there's hard country with none. Yeah. Everybody wanted to talk about it. Everybody's not. All I know from this craft, that's right. That priorities are all screwed up. All I know about is crap. Anyway, the, and the repercussions are still being self on that crap that took place between the black and the white and it was right. That's right. I'm picking up my life. I write a promise that can show them to go up here at the hospital, we're staying at Joe to miles you know. Congratulations, Joe. Congratulations, Joe. Congratulations, Joe. You know, to get into the children's intensive care. So I wear the pants and I've been there for the last three days. There's a woman coming to those who wanted to show you, you know, something in the nature, but she's screaming at the blood. You ask everybody else, you have everybody else, go through here, but the black people, you ask us to name you down at drivers like to chill everybody go by right? What I'm talking about is when he's wearing the knee, he's wearing the bracelet and I'm not going to do it that, which is everybody just talking about. I'm thinking that I'm still feeling the repercussions of it. Yeah. Thank you. God bless you, sir. Okay, how can we got the crank up so guy damn loud now? What happened to my overhead? You're getting a little cranky in the mountain. Yeah, you cranked away up. I saw you. I thought that was the phone call. You know, the phone calls this connected now and I thought he was going to crank it down. He got it. He did it. Fire. 560, 560, pound 560. On the 182, Arnold's line. Yeah, for example, I heard somebody had some asshole on his show last week calling. First of all, you don't know what you're talking about like most of the callers or this bull, but you know, how do you like that they want to raise the salary? It says right in the constitution that the president Giroa or somewhere in a goddamn wall, the president can't, the sitting president can't have his salary increased or decreased by the Congress while he's an office. So if they do raise the salary of the president to whatever they're going to raise it, which it should be at least a million dollars, it's only a Paul 3200,000. Bubba ain't getting any of it. It has to begin after he leaves office. So the guy to call last week that was bitching about that. Number one, he doesn't know what he's talking about. And number two, it's okay for stupidity to reject to make 10 and 15 and 20 million a year, but your school features and your politicians and your law enforcement people, you want to pay them like plumbers, like janitors, okay? Like garbage collectors. I'm sorry, like a sewage of what do they call them? Wait, there's nothing we're listening, make good money. Like radio borna. Oh, there you go. There you go. Like radio interns. Oh, where the hell is he today, by the way? I'm going back home. I don't feel 24-0-5-60-W-2-A-M if you want great charter sucks. It can happen at any moment at any time. Right in the middle of making love. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, three. My name is Larry. I'm sorry. Larry. Larry. Oh my, sexual stuttering. If you suffer from homosexuality stuttering, call 100. Oh, yeah, call today. That's 100. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's our poll question today. By the way, can I say much much, Jo, Ricky Martin or Jeff? What's his name? What's the name of the football player from you, Adam? Come on, let's get one that here. Jesus Christ is name is popoage, as in which one has the tell me. 567-0560-Pomp560 on the 18th-Yobus line. Great lunch today, by the way. Oh, I'm subbed outstanding. What did you get? That you'll catch that all the way. Have the gay orgy. I don't know what it is. The one, the gay orgy. The day go. It's got provolone and a lot of Italian meat in it. And then you look like you got a smootier something there too in the, yeah, we got that burthing, burthing smoothie. It's so. Yeah, the fat burning smoothie. Yeah, right. Yeah. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I have the fat burning uh, but I don't know. Go ahead, sir. Do you do abortion, license plates path, the letters getting passed through? Yes. Are you serious? Who's life? But that's sick. Who's life? That's right. And they're printing letters to the editor from assholes that are supporting it by the way. Some bit, some bits over the weekend writes a letter. I forget which paper saying, oh, she used to have a pro-life bumper sticker on her car. And people used to give her the thumbs up. Well, don't you understand that everything between have a bumper sticker making a political statement and putting on a state license plates. Doesn't you understand the difference? Oh, obviously not. Stupid bitch. Totally. But how is this going to be? I mean, I wish, literally, this is a big, a light wing apple that the other gun Jeff. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Again, is it, well, he hung up facts. He's on his way to the passport office. I totally have baby, grab your passport, though. And I'll see if the airport fast at the international terminal because this place, it's terminal. Five six seven and give all, give off that. Thank you. Thank you for reminding myself to get off. It's CNBC. God is at the press. And you turn on CNN and they still got the thing down there in the bottom right. That the markets take another big dump today. Why? Why not? You know, you guys are making all the big bucks that have all the stuff. Let's put you in this crap over a little while. That was still up there. 10,400 whatever. And like I said, if you bought the right 15 or 20 stocks, you're making a fortune. The rest of us, I want to give you a chip. Yeah, kicking the ass. Why does, why does it, I feel like I'm having an out of body experience again here. I really am. Maybe I'm still on a plane between Dallas and here, you know, it's from Lucas. And why do we have to keep going through Dallas? Okay. They started. I'm reading it on a way out there of all things. Like it's laughing my face. I'm reading the magazine out there. Delta has just started daily nonstop from Tampa to Vegas. Are they flying nonstop from a Miami waterdale with Vegas? No. No. Tampa. How do you like that? How do you like that? That makes you really feel like a, yeah, like insufficient. When it's they're saying Tampa is a major enough market. We're going to fly nonstop direct from here to Vegas. But if you want to come from Miami, you got to go through Atlanta. You got to go through Dallas. You got to a Roscoe on a guy in the Merchwood war's Airlines, which I will not do. I will never, ever fly that piece of crap again. I mean, for those of you who don't mind being jammed in a lot like a starting can and flying for five and a half hours. Five and a half long, grueling hours because they're flying a little puddle jumper. Go ahead. Be my guest. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And you've got to be going with this government forecast. Yeah. That's why it's down countries in the shape. It's in, you know, first of all, this country, what I believe were like top in crimes in the world. You know, they're going to put their two cents in because you can't spank you kids. You know, I know that you have got a generation older than I am. When I was in school, you made a mistake or you did some kind of fall up in school. You said to the principal's office. You were paddled. Right. You were paddled in the classroom. Be the quiet body, right? Yeah, the teacher will, you're more of your part of who come to the classroom and be sure to ask him for everybody. And now they can't even touch your at home. Yeah. That's why you got all this crap going on over like a little rock. You know, it's a lot of control. Next thing you know, you know, you can't, you can't say what's your kids? Because, oh, they're going to call the cops. That's right. You can't go to the kids. They can't go to the kids. They can't go to the kids. They can't go to the kids. They can't go to the court. They'll have a lawsuit on the that's right. That's right. And another damn thing I'm pissed about. It's just stupid. I stopped the game at 220 out of ticket because he said I was going 20 miles an hour on a 50 mile an hour of school zone and it was an 8 to 9 school zone. It's a check this out. Take this out. Yeah. I'm going to call the same call. Okay. Check this out. Okay. And by the way, guys, you say check it out. Our assholes. 560, 50560, Pond 560 on the 18 T. What? Have you ever known anybody who's a check it out? Who was the national? No. Everybody that I've ever encountered my life was that check it out. That's an asshole. North Miami Beach, yellow. Yes, sir. I got a call that on this Nevada spanking rule. It's just an attempt of the state of Nevada to protect their residents' sexual preference. Meaning what? They want to spank children. Uh huh. Do we all? Yeah. He's spanking it right now. I'm busy eating lunchbow. It wasn't even, it wasn't even, it wasn't even a say enough to even look at the phone. Much listening what you were talking about. 560, Pond 560 on the 18 T. What? What's line? Here's Miami. Hello. No. Probably a minuto fan. Yes, sir. No, I'm not a minuto fan. No, that last guy. I got 14 question mark sentence lines. You must be one of the chronic holios. No. Yeah. No listen. That bitch is played about the jack jack. That was great. Listen, there's an older the Connor thing that will help you for your nose. It's an ocean nose drops. Yeah. That's what Joe Kai's tell him was telling. But you know something out there that I'm having a nice lunch here. My nose is open up again. Oh, it's only a few hours to uh, reacquim they, you know. Listen, I'm a gentleman. I'm going to be back up in my uh, signices. I'm a gentle and a little ignorant. What's the exact definition of shorts? shorts? Yeah. I can even say it right. I'm sorry. I remember the Gulf War. 560, 0560, Pond 560 on the 18 T. What are those line? What about great leaders in this man? Don't even know who that be. How do you like that, huh? Schwartz. Oh. 567. Come on. Let's get with it. Let's get two or three calls on here at one time. I'll make me feel better and it helped me get through lunch. I got a nice lunch here. I can't even eat it the right popper speed because I'm busy pumping a goddamn phone numbers here. Because we got a bunch of dead heads here and done. Just we should, how and how come those kids that want their Vegas and Lobby? How come they didn't call in to say gee it was nice seeing you Neil. How come you were so goddamn unfriendly? Because I was busy on my way to lose money. That's why. Where is everybody? They're all too busy trying to kill each other in a highway out here. That's what they're doing. Christ on money. I mean, it's just it's astonishing to me the crap that goes on. And everybody just you know, they just kind of fumble their way along. Oh yeah, bunch of sheep, bunch of freaking sheep. Krollspring, sell out. Neil. Yes, sir. Number weeks ago, you were talking about that you had just got a from ED recorder. Crying. Yeah. Are you happy with this? I'm delighted with it. Because I'm interested in getting one of them just curing. Wait, they're outstanding. Did you get the Philospring or those? I did. It is an number one. Excellent. Okay. Appreciate it. I love it. Okay. Okay. Get it today. Don't get it from that Sam asked, guy, though. Well, what an experience that was. That's Sam has to interrogate. Yeah. First time in my life ever. Then I wanted to buy something cash money. Here's the money. You got it for sale. I wanted. No, well, and it goes through a big song and it answers to spend five or six hundred bucks. Six hundred bucks it was. Well, we can't let the merchandise leave the store because you know, we know who that guy is and he might leave time tomorrow. I'm going to go out to Vegas and lose all his money. Yeah, some crap like that. Sam, Asyn, Margate. Well, I hope I hope that bird paradise stops a big one right on your roof. Okay. Six hundred open lines here. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Yeah, I'm in Carl Spring now. Here's a mobile in Carl Spring. Hello. It's a rainy so bad. I'm so I'm going to be a police road on a current highway. Yeah, pull off the road, you idiots. Yeah. Okay. Just to remind you, kind of clock tonight on HBO. I'm not going to let him in. I'll remind you. I'm not going to watch it. That'll be watching the hockey game. I don't know what to take. Okay. Well, tape it then. You're number five fifty eight days of duty on the O. J. Simpson civil drive. Why do I want to see that? Before I maybe not you, but maybe some other people who don't understand what a criminal he is. Yeah. And watch it and keep it open mind. There's a black lady, a very fine race. I'm going to tell you what I'm murdering. Son of a bitch this guy is like I said, be sure and watch it. All right. Thank you. I was done. Jacob doing a voice. Five six seven. Well, you know, in his article, he says that he's got a great line in here. He says the contemptible play by I&Z, you know, this, uh, phoney balloony thing about them offering him a job. In Marita, clockwork orange type of response, Tom says everyone who's side off on the O. J. publicity stunt should be shackled with chair and forced to watch an endless loop of the HBO special year number five fifty eight days of duty on the O. J. Simpson civil drive. And I maybe they would realize that the O. J. matter isn't a joke. Two people in the prime of their lives were killed and as gruesome a man or the mind can imagine, a criminal's you're a might have acquitted Simpson, but any lawyer will acknowledge that not guilty does not always equal innocent. And at the end of the thing that a time writes, the man whom juror number five and her fellow citizens found responsible for this is the man W. I&Z wants to proudly call it's own. And also the man who wants to fire here to which we say, no, no, we won't. See, let me say this to you Roy, you want to hang out with scumbags, that's your business. Okay, that's your private life. But don't try to reject your personal scumbags where you work, which is what you're trying to do to which we say, no, an emphatic no. Go to hell. That's what we say. Go to hell and don't hurry back. 567560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, I got some corn beef lodge in my throat. You know how corn beef is kind of like, yeah, like a little chunks. Maybe it's a more bloody chunks from Vegas, yeah. Let's see. Okay. Here's a lady mobile in Boka. Hello. Yeah, I'm young. Yes, I'm using the throat. Uh-huh. And we're on the other side of the motor and we're going to Florida, but I'm just thanking him. I might have beat the hell out of me. Good. Now, saying it's right, because I don't believe he had the beat kids, but I'll tell you what, I would never disrespect someone. I knew what was right and what was wrong. And I wasn't sure about the any other thing. You know, they need a little field of skills. They don't know. So just, you know, we're scrumming my 40s and I'm still learning. So, a parent that you could divide it. There's something that has come from wrong with the whole way to children. Our reason, uh, raising this society. They're talking about these kids in Colorado about, well, you know, the jobs used to pick on them. I mean, whoever went to school or jogs their area or some group of people didn't pick on somebody else. And if somebody picks on you, that means you go and make about your bombs and you blow people's brains up. I got beat up. I got, I got, I got talked down to, I got to know what we all bit, you know. And you went home and you cried. You might have said, I'll set up before I make it cry. We got a bunch of emotional cripples in this country is what we've got. It's terrible. It's terrible. But I tell you, I have nieces and nephews and I would beat and my mother drank, you know, and it was wrong. But I see a lovely thanks to Sherry. But I, you know, I think we can go to the trash. Hey, man. That's disgusting. Have a nice day. And you too. Okay. Five, six, seven. How does she know wasn't just the reaction to lunch, which is great, by the way? I feel better now. You know, and I do want to say this again, American Airlines, even though they may give us mental hemorrhage with some of the shenanigans they pull their food is the best. Even along some of the, on the old general Hank was belly, you can about this a few weeks ago. Some of the, you know, if you fly at a time when it's not like meal time, they give you what they call a snack. But if you're first class, it's like almost a meal. And if then good stuff. And then they give you those big chocolate chip cookies that they put in the microwave and the heat up. You know the ones I'm talking about? Huh? What is it? For dessert on American Airlines? Well, that's right. The first class. You wouldn't like, I said, you wouldn't want to do it. I do. Chocolate chip cookies. You can smell them. Hmm. At least I thought it was chocolate chip. I hate you first class people. But they weren't that good this time. What are these days? You know what they have? You guys chocolate chip cookies at the MGM Grand Down in the snack shop. We're sharing it with the name brand was it was there about four different, five different varieties. And there's one that's like out in the world of one thing on it. And if you're diabetic, it'll kill you. But I still like them anyway. And there's these big chocolate chip cookies. They got big chunks of dark chocolate. And a coffee like all through it, you know? Oh, God, that was good. Somebody will call those a name of brand of those, they're fantastic. I should have, why didn't I buy about 20? Those are the stickin' of my goddamn bag. That's why I should have done. Three minutes till noon at 5.60 WQ. What would it do if I had normal boobs? Good to do, but I have inside my seat. I know. Who you get wrong when I drink out of fun? Just like how much I think, off to keep tea. Oh my, get by with my plants in my crust. Oh, I get guys with my plants in my crust. Oh, I don't have to try with my plants in my crust. And you all this chocolate, you thought it. You're stuck on the hat to pull my candy down. Oh, there's trees in your body. You guys not convinced in where I could I know. Can I just treat by just spreading your life? Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a killer. It's a guy. Oh, look, you bitch with a jumps up his teeth. Well, let me spend till I'm out of rehab 35. I get by with my plants in my crust. I get guys with this plant in my crust. I don't have to try with this plant in my crust. Oh, please, chocolate and chocolate. She left through me by cherries. Bye, bye, cherries. You're a piece of my love. So, when this is that's the most important thing. I'm gonna get five in print. It's in print. In class in my crust. And I... Stab. Yeah, thank you. So many times after another five, 16, WTA, M. Well, I've got that squeaky sound. You know, like plastic. So who's got bigger boobs, by the way? Jennifer Lopez or Brittany Spirits? Let's have some kind of side by side. Okay, and maybe rub them against each other until a little blinds. And see which ones break first? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, the on a mobile one line. Maybe the popper, which is do that. There you go. Huh? Hey, we're starting to get a lot of response inside the building. Oh, very quietly, there's kind of like this underground discussion going on because everybody knows Jeff Popper, which plays for the hurricane football team. And they're coming in here and they're looking to these pictures. They have a crappy at-fitch camp log and they're all going. Oh my God. Yeah. They say just not gay but his brother is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. When they wouldn't you just make that up? Oh, yeah. But which one is which? That's the purple one. Which one is the popper, which? The other one is the brother. Whichever one it is, the other one. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. I just got a Phillips reclitter CD recorder there. Wait, I shopped around. You know what I'd say? $400. $468. Wait, I'm real happy for you. If you know how much our lost in Vegas this weekend, you'd realize I couldn't care about paying 150 bucks extra for that CD. I know what you mean but I was in Vegas. I was in Vegas at the MGM about three months ago and I won 27 grand there. Wait, nice going. At the crap there, we're not the flat machine. Okay. And back to you. See, he wants me to be a feel bad because he got the same thing I bought for six. I'm just for 425 or whatever it was. Do I care? No. No. 560, 150, 5060, on the mobile one line. See, all these people going to Vegas. And like I said before, all of them. It all you did, you just accept I've told you for years it's a police state. Any American public just in back it says, okay, whatever you say, okay. Whatever you tell us, that's okay. Much of horse crap. Here's Delrey B. Chillam. Yeah, and you know, I'll talk about the spillage recorder. I'll tell you you can get him for $400 but just you already know that. You know, you can pull out the CDs that cost $400 if you have to use what? There's a way to get around that. What you do is you put it in, let it read that it's recordable. You pull out the tray. It's very easy. It doesn't mess with the computer or anything. I haven't had one I've been there for the last two years. And you just put one of the regular recordable like status CDs in that cost like 99 cents. And it records the fine. I haven't had any trouble with it at all. So I just have one that I just put in there. You know, that read it and says that it's recordable pull out the tray and work fine. I don't understand how can that happen? All it needs to do is read that it's recordable. Yeah. Once it knows it's recordable, you can pull out the tray. I don't like the newer models of the fill-ups. They have a flat tray that you really can't pull it out. But like the old ones I have in H70. Well, this is I don't have an old one. Just got a couple weeks ago. Well, there might be the 880 which is kind of the same style. I mean, you can see if you can like, I mean, you need to lift the tray and you can pull it out. It doesn't mess up the gears and that's unbelievable. I believe that. Yeah, I've been doing it for the last two years and it's all over the internet. It's like a big thing. I mean, that's why it came out with like the flat ones. So I don't know which one you have. But you just put it in. Just pull it out. Yeah. Yeah, you just pull it out. Exactly. And pull it and read it. Pull it out. You put it in. Pull it out. Yeah. Yeah. You put it in. And pull it out. I've read it. Pull it out. Put the cheap one in and then record fine. Okay, one arises and everything. Okay, well, listen, go pull it out. Thank you. So what do you say you put it in? Pull it out. Scored, scored. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Yeah, I can afford. Listen, I can spread the money around in the economy. Okay, I can afford the three or four bucks for each one. Don't worry about it. Don't try to save me money. Make sure that I pay more than most of you do. Okay, that's the way it should be. It doesn't bother me in the least. I'm not a cheap skate. I'm not like a lot of people I know in this business. Why are cheaper in hell? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in four-water deal. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sure. You're okay, it's a little static. Here you find. Listen, I love Jennifer Lopez. I think she's a six-god. I love that erotic look she has. You know? I'm supposed to pretty real good. Look, I'm too close. She can't sing a lick. Well, you had that truth. Not a lick. I don't want to be able to lick, but you can't sing a lick. I don't like that the package or, you know, packing, you do. A guy can I say that, packing your package or your like packing her? Oh my god. Oh, let's do it. What thing about the Ricky Mark? You're jealous of what you're trying to say. It's supposed to be years to convince my sister. What are you fudge back in? Oh, what, what, what maybe last was, it's certainly years to convince my sister that George Michael's is gay. She's a, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He was such a flame. Listen, I, you can't see that. He's done and blind or what? I'm telling you, until he admitted to sing at the park in the LA thing that he loved being gayed all this stuff. And you know, out of it, his, my sister, he's a son of a bitch. Jim Vince, you know, that was the matter. As far as the country being a police state, let's say, you just want around, see those gangs and corals brings you real either we're not a police state, okay? Because those kids would be locked up, and those kids are wild. I was further thinking about three months ago. Oh, yeah, but how come all the people that are smoking a little duporol in jail and those kids running around in the gangs? That's the point. Yeah, it's real ridiculous. It makes me, about the, the kids nowadays, I was in Burger King a few months ago, which my first mistake. And what happened was that one of the three kids came in and like bump me in line by accident, and the kid looked at me and said, I'd say, I'm sorry, but I'm not, you know, just to be a wise. I just want to be a smart ass to impress his boyfriend. I couldn't say it because like, you know, you're going to do it like 17. I want to punch the guy out. I would have been stupid. I would have jail. Or they would have went to the car and, you know, shopping. Right. And it's just kind of scary now. It's like, you know, I try to say out of corals brings you just like you do. Good move. I don't think he just cut his phone up, I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, did we got one call on a board here? Oh, it's going to be music intensive now, so I can finish my lunch and piece. Came back to this dead ass place on the first June, the last day. June and July and August and September. Man, it's going to be a long, hot deadly spell. You know, I'm talking about. Tell me first. Yeah, it's going to be long and hot. 9 minutes afternoon at 5. 60 WQA and Lorenzo. I'm saying he in the butt. What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? No matter how hot it's right, you'll understand why this guy's too big. So just hot topic today. People starving, there's some chance with drawing money from their bank. You such a bunch silly geek. I can't like having no I preach. Oh, you've been leaving, why do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? I feel some things that will set me up. I'm saying I'm really don't need to hot and gray no. Do you believe in what do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? I feel some things that will set me up. I'm really don't need to hot and gray no. What was it, God Gibson? It asked what the yellow hair, the him or what other glasses. So George, I was just telling me that MSNBC, your history and that work has had some guy on. And obviously, hoping you would say the opposite. Oh, yeah. I quite every way that he could. The pioneer of computer programs. And he said as far as why two K said forget about it. Not going to be the worst thing that could possibly happen. And some people might get attracted to the year 1900 instead of 2000. And that to be your worst goddamn problem. Just tell me, we're a little late to cashing it. That's something's going to crash. Nothing's going to shut off. How do you like that? And is that what I've been saying all along? The hype mess is you're right at again. Let's get everybody in a stericol. Go out there and stock up on your water and on your canned goods and on your on your lumber, just in case you're who knows what you need the lumber for, because you're used to getting that with the hurricanes, okay? Speaking of the hurricanes, how's what's his name doing? Everybody has like lemons. Everybody got like sheep. Just please tell us what to think, what to do, how to act, how to get a stericol. Where's Ryan or Cross? What do we need them? Maybe we could have a special channel for Brian or Cross. Why two K is sterious show? Huh? Excellent. That's it, Ryan. Ryan, this guy is falling, man. Chicken little. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How are we doing? Great. Good. You're definitely right about these home runs in baseball as a top of our Friday we're talking about. Even great mad at say the home run on Friday. Yeah. And it's just every, if you don't get a home run, you're not on the news. That's a joke. It's an absolute joke. Yeah. That's it. I mean, all the show on Highly, now is walls. They show a pitch and they show the wall. Huh? No field. There's no pitchers, nothing. Just the wall. Or maybe they're all conceived of wall. It's in Quentin, that would be good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Let's go here. Is there anybody got anything to say for Christ's sake? No. Huh? Anybody that's been in Vegas. Anybody that's been like someplace for real. In his audience. No. Christ. See, the problem with me is I go on these short trips. And it's like, no, I look, I was never there. Like, I was never gone. Maybe it's a byproduct of getting old. I don't know what that is. But it more and more is my life goes on. I was there two and a half days. I was in Vegas. I mean, fairly un-of-ventful. There was a little bit of, yeah, a little usual delays with the airline school in your run. But we got there on time. Oh, we got home on time, you know. And then they're really getting killed. And then we went from the airport which I told you about. But that's not a newsful for this town. But at this moment, I mean, it's 12, 17. It's the first adjunent. And at this point, it's like, I wasn't even there. Do you know what I'm talking about? Have you ever had that kind of experience? Like, it was so quick. That's why I didn't have time to go to the Venetian. I think they spent the clock up because it was a holiday weekend. They don't want to overdo it. You know, give us that bonus day off. Because time just seemed to fly by when you're losing your ass, you know? Here's a mobile in Parkland, hello. Hi, Neil. Can you play Facebook with a penny? Here's a mobile in Homestead, hello. Hey, British beers definitely has a better move. Yeah, but are they real? Yes. They had a Jennifer Lopez at the middle, but the poll credits should be who seems to work. And that's our poll question. Who seems worse? Richard Martin, Ricky Martin, Jennifer Lopez, have written these beers. And a Jennifer Lopez and Washington East Bank, because you know, I'm fine. Well, okay. Thank you. It's my small show, Ricky Martin and Brittany Spears, or I think Jennifer Lopez, when's that one handed down? That's you. How much Jennifer can't we audience? 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. I don't understand why these guys are worried about our her boobs for real. Because you're never going to touch them anyway. What's their differences to make? Just look at them and enjoy them. What's the problem? You're never going to get anywhere new. All these people and worry about things like that. People that are going to get within a million miles of any of these celebrities. And they're all, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's the most important thing they got to worry about. I mean, what are these people desperately really trying to tell us for Christ's sake? I have no line. Well, we know that. Here's Hylia, hello. Me, yes sir. Hold on. I'm taking it up. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's pop, pop, a little beat, shallow. Yes sir. I was a trip. Great. You know, I'm going next week and I usually get there. I'm going, I can get there every month. How did you know? How did I do one? I think you make out a loss of my ass. I'll come with you play. I had an hour, I don't want to go through. Nobody cares about what did I play, where I lost my ass at a good time. Have a good time though, do you get to the Venetian? No idea. What did I just get to say? And I wasn't at the Venetian. I just got to the San Diego. Yeah, but I went out to go. I put the here, but I had to, I'm a radio. Yeah, let's go. I did not get a drove by. It looks very nice, but I didn't get a chance to go in. No. Did you get to the palestations? No. I love the pal. I was only there for two days. Like I said, time to flew by didn't have that much time to slip around. Yeah. Well, that's where I've been staying the last three years. They've been giving me a. Palestations are good places. I love them. I stay in the tower and I do pretty decent. Right. I'm glad you. And I like that diner that got downstairs. That breakfast. Oh, hi, I'm horse. Whatever it is. Yeah. Very good. Excellent. Excellent. You got to listen. I went a lot. I went. What do I need to go with? American. I play America. West. It goes direct. Yeah, no. Yes. OK. Listen, have a great time. OK. Bring your shoe horn along. It's the only airline in America. That when you get on a plane, they hand you a shoe horn. And you look at it and you say, what's this for? All of the stickier. You're going to see it. OK. Because the seats are so small and a plane is so good. You're in the crowded. Oh, speaking of people on planes, by the way. You know, I don't know how much people pay in coach because I fly first class. You know, when you got a lot of, you know, make the big bucks. A lot of them on the throw away. And I really got gouge done this flat out. I would be embarrassed to tell you how much I paid on American Airlines. I'd be embarrassed to hear it. I would. But you know, in coach. And I don't know how many airlines are doing this. But American is big into this now. They have the barf bag meal. Not necessarily it's the B-stroke. We were called the barfstroke. They have if you're sitting in coach as you're boarding the plane. When you're going down to ramp the jet weight of the plane, they have a big thing there. And they have these little blue bags. Yes. Blue bags. Blue bags. That's the wrong color. No, that's the right color for the. Far strobeck. It's the B-stroke meal on American. Now, maybe somebody can tell me what's in the bag. Because I know that whatever we ate in first place, like I said, it was pretty good. But was it how have a lot better than whatever in your barf stroke meal? But I mean, I know that nobody gets bargain rates. Because especially American, them and Delta, they gouge you in armamentally. They really rate the public. I mean, rape. And as far as being ready when you are, they're good and ready when they're ready. Okay. That's when they'll take off. When they get around to it. And they jerk your round life crazy. But in the meantime, they give you a little barf bag to have your meal from. And what could possibly be in that bag? Here's Pomp and I'll. Hello. I just want the Connecticut on Delta. They've got what they call the sky. Delling now. Go a bunch of it's finest. Okay. True story. I got out of the floor. And they had this like cooler kind of a white thing there. Right. They go, don't forget to grab your bag. I'm not way yet. That's it. Okay. There was a banana, a banana muffin and a little thing of orange juice. Okay. Flight Cincinnati. And then from Cincinnati. I had like only like a 40 minutes time between a wife and a parent. And I get an unplanned heart first. Like a rebating to eat. Flight is a piece of like 350. Oh, I'll get that. You know. And it was nothing on there. And then I'm the way back from my heart for last night. These little snack days were like the waste. Christie's the marshmallow thing with the waste. Christie on it. How many still too? Oh, okay. It's ridiculous. I mean nowadays and the plane was delayed like 2 1 1 a.m. hours left. I still don't care. No. They really don't care. They got to come in and go and because they they got no competition. Yeah. I mean for a big shot like you. You got the big bucks. You could fly first. First last God bless you for the as Porsche lepers in the back. Yeah. You know. So that's what's in the bar bag. Do you buy old be tell? I like bring your own bar bag. Don't know what I want to say. What do you say? Is watch head away. A bit in. Oh. Oh. five six seven. Oh five sixty. Five sixty. Five sixty. I'm not going to play the whole thing. It's old in the state. Like that stuff. Work was playing last week. I think. Quickly. Just basically try to say is uh. Well. I don't want to pull words in this month but I think he was saying I don't give it. And who would blame? I'm coming in on a day when he finds out that his station is doing this real desperate publicity stunt with that oj craft because John Ford is such a major asshole. Well, that was a great lunch, but I think I'm done, okay. Coast is clear. I'm done with that lunch. It was great. But why don't they always have to put like three pounds of salad in there, you know? I mean a little bit of that is good. It's good refuge. It'll help you. You know. But a little lighten up a little bit on the salad. Please, I know that all that greens. Please. I feel like Paul Prudon. Ever see him? Now, he, you realize he does that show sitting on a chair. You are aware of that. The cooking show? No. You want to wear that? Well, see the interesting part of it is, I'm not joking about this either. Paul Prudon is at New Orleans Shepard weighs 800 pounds. That looks like Dom Belawese times two. He can't even move. He does that show sitting like on a stool on his stool. And I caught a couple minutes over the weekend because when you're in a hotel room in Vegas, I mean, the selection ain't all like good. Because obviously they want to get you out of the room and get you a game like. And he was making some kind of ice cream thing with this real rich. Yeah. And as I was watching it, my blood sugar was going up, just watching it. Forget about eating it. My blood sugar was skyrocketing. Just watching him dripping the molasses and all this other stuff into the topping he was making for this ice cream. Oh, God, I was thinking. That's the honey tune. And in this manner, you can actually see him expanding on the screen. 560560 pound, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the geobals. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I know you've talked about this at least a million times, but we have to do something to change either the visual language and date counting from English to Spanish. Okay. Good work on it. 560560. I'm talking about airline about bar bags. And this is so full to for you. Talk about boring and one dimensional. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. Sir, if you don't like it, move to Cincinnati. Okay. They don't speak no Spanish. No pick it up on you in the Cincinnati. Okay. Go out to Vegas. Okay. They got a lot of Mexican stuff there, but they all speak English. Go to Vegas. A lot of Gooks out there too, by the way. This is usual. Wonderful, beautiful Chinese people. Or Japanese, rubber heller from Asians. The beautiful Asians. Like I said, at the NGN grand, there's no slippers in there. None. Zero. Upper middle class, young American. There's some old farts like me and a few others hanging around. You know, they got to have some matches in there to look around. But that's what's in there. And what a breath of fresh year, actually walking to a place and see people under the age of 100. I'll have it a good time. And I'll scream it about bilingualism like this last asshole. Okay. All I can say to you, sir, is, Get a life. Get a freaking life. People like you wear me out. When in doubt you wear me out. With your one dimensional is go get a date withiness to penis share up. Or that other asshole that was Henry Burrough's producer. What that was his name? That bolt hit in the geek. Mark, Mark Potter, Benson. Mark Benson, my name is name. Well, Mark Potter used to work at Channel 10. He's a newscaster. Yeah, he's a, yeah. And a newscaster too. Oh, next I'll be talking about Richard Slushings. You're okay. He's also a newscaster. 26 past noon at 5.60 WQA. I mean, you want to show what an embarrassment. Those evictions are only an expression of identities. And I think, K.J. Y. Nor Middle School, the Irish is a vermin on the crowd to fight to true and meet. And I think K.J. Y. You are. You are. You are. You are. You are. You are. You are. Who's the barman in your husband's hall and ass? And my name is K.J. Y. All right. I will be. Copy. 1.5. 60 WQA. So when's Ricky Martin going to be a Disney by the way? Anybody. No. Let's do a mobile in what is it? Laguna Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. You're talking to a, yeah, a state beef in South Florida. Actually managed to make it to some living breathing areas. Are you sure? Yeah. Congratulations, too, sir. I want to talk about Vegas quickly. I too was there this weekend. And have you ever done to drive this Southern California and back from Vegas? Can I ever, yeah, long time ago. Okay. Well, I don't know what it is, but there's probably no bigger group of eight holes in the world. And people coming back from Vegas. Here. Have you noticed this? No. Do you picture seeing on a treasure of highway? You can cut off by every other truck. Every third Cadillac full of old people. Yeah. I don't have to go to it. I don't have to go to a Disney highway. That happens to me here every day. No, I know. I don't know what it is about those bad roads though. It brings out the absolute worst in the nature. Okay. Welcome. I'm glad you had a good time. Thank you. Okay. Call all the way from Laguna Beach, California. To tell us that they drive like crap out there is what he said. Make us feel better about being here. Do we feel better? No. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. I'm serious that thing I saw yesterday in 836. Somebody should be in prison for that. Not in jail. Somebody should be in federal prison. They should take that whole car full of banana board people and impound the guy damn thing. And sick it. Maniac. Oh, well, there's not a lane over here, but I'm in a big hurry. I'll just make a lane. Okay. Whoops. Sorry. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale. Hello. Long gone. Okay. Mobile in Miami. Hello. I'm Camille. Yes, sir. Well, you think you have the bad man. I drive for a living. And let me tell you. So first area in Miami is on the beach. But all these are the first parts. Yeah. I'm in the wrong way. Been there, hang out. Oh, sounds. I need snow down. Don't let me get the snow down. I don't want to get running front of you. You don't get up, crap. It's unbelievable. Second thing. I want to thank you for turning me. Getting me away from the mill and chocolate and turning me on the bench. I've been by that crap by that case. Yeah. I'm going to go get some of the day when the show is over because I need it. I'm going to get my blood sugar up to 350. New York chunk. Oh, wow. Superfudge chunk. What are the bad guys? It's definitely on the top three. Man. Anyway. Last thing. You tried that new double pistachio. They got out now. I got a try. Great. The fish food is excellent. One more thing. If you can just get the police. If I can. Say it again. Okay. Have a great day. Sir. Your phone is crap. And the answer is. Oh. Okay. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. On the mobile one line. I'm going a little bit too fast. That's the problem. I'm going a little bit too fast for this place. That rapid fire that whatever's paste that was too fast. Slow it down. Okay. Slow it down. Keep it light. Neil. Keep it light. Slow it down. You'll never last six months on a year here. Neil. Okay. Let me say it again here. It's June 1st, 1999. And all those old parts from WKT from 23 years ago. They were giving me a song. And the answer. I'd never last six months in his town. Guess what the good news is. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Thank the Lord. So how's the teenage God squad coming out there? They've all found the Lord. And Jesus. And not they got that martyr. You could get it. They got a martyr. That's right. He says, you believe in God. He said, you'll believe in God. And he's a, maybe you'll find God now. And you'll be with him. That's why God let it happen. Yeah. That's why God let it happen. That's why you let him pull a trigger. Let's pick up some interest. Pick up your hand. This first. Yeah. I mean, you talk about having no brain at all, okay? Something grotesque in horrendous happens like that, which shows us that as people, we have to take more individual responsibility and stop for the furry tales. And instead, all the young people now that he tells us are turning to a fairy tales. Another cop out for the human race. And that guy that gave me that facts by the way three or four weeks ago about that analogy. I gave about the rose. That's the perfect analogy. The perfect analogy, okay? Whether it's a rose or a dog or a cockroach or whatever it is. It's born, it lives, and it dies. Okay? Like that bumper sticker says. What does it bumper sticker say? You know what I'm talking about? You live your life in the life of a sucks and you've been to die or something like that. Whatever that is. That's it. So make hay while the sun is shining, okay? Because after that, it's going to be a long nap, which I noticed most of you, of course, so there's a lot of practice. Here's the lady in homestead. Hello. Hi, Newman. How are you? Great. Good. I just wanted to answer what the previous gentleman said regarding the Delta Dally. Right. And I want to hear about the American Barstrow bag, too. I want to hear what's in that. Yeah. Well, I'm sorry. I should take fortunately. I haven't had to have anything like that, but I flew last week on Delta and I got the Dally bag and the banana that was in my bag was just crushed to death. I know. I know. There's nothing worse than having your banana crushed. That's true. And stupid me, I asked for another Dally bag. I got another one and the banana was even worse. Right. Yeah. I told the wait on me and I stewardess that this one was bad as well. And she looked at me and said, well, we're going to have a bag. That was the second thing she said. But the first thing she said was, what do you want me to do? Yeah. I think we just heard the answer. Right. Exactly. So in closing, Walter Wise, you're a pool clean and douche bag. Okay, sweetheart. Thanks. That was bananas. Watch those cars bananas, honey. Oh, I mean, why a piece of fruit? Oh, and guess what, when they're taking off, they make the announcement about the, because these are these, what are they? M80s, whatever they are, there's little crappy planes coming back. One from Vegas to Dallas and from Dallas there. They were both the identical plane because we had the bulkhead, the same exact seat on both planes. Crapy planes, puddles and pers. And so they have a limited amount of room for luggage. So they're talking about, be sure and put, you know, one piece of luggage in the overhead. And anything else has to go into your seat. And also in coach, be sure and place your beestro bag under the seat for take off. Now this is the bag that has your lunch in it, okay? Place it under the seat where God only knows what kind of stuff is hanging out from that seat. For take off. Why? Why can't you like holding your lap and the bag, too? Can't do that. We'll show you, we'll show you overboard, okay? Under your seat. 560560, Pond 560 on a mobile one on before I leave here today. I will find out what's in that barster bag. Somebody will call. And I was saying to John, it'll be, they could save it. They're always worried about saving money. They could save a lot more money by also making those the bar bags. Why do they have to have special blue bags? Why can't they just put the lunch in your bar bag when you're finished with lunch? You're sticking behind that little thing in front of you. Behind the magazine. And if you do eat the bar for me, I'll probably be, uh, I'm using the bag real quick anyway. The airline sucked. Let's face it. Well, I do love Virgin Atlantic. I love them. They're great. All of the tiny ones to get your off the ground. On the ground, it's typical Italian confusion. But once they get in the air, they're great. Food is good. But more airlines, let's face it. They suck. With all the respect that my good friends out there, my international, and they love me out there, am I, by the way, I just mentioned that in passing. Those are my two biggest places, are the sub-rass publics and my international. Huh? I'm telling you, especially if the MIT room is about two in the morning. Especially over by American Airlines out here. That's the rumor. Twenty-four one. What do you think they fly? Huh? They love the fly and it's shows. Don't miss the biggest automotive event of the year. It's Potentian Toyota's $99 below invoice sale. Get brand new Toyota's $99 below invoice with no money down. See you all over out the morning. I'm a Toyota and I hear he's a Toyota. We're all in the carbo. Are you? I'm a Toyota and I hear he's a Toyota. We're all in the carbo. That's where our greeting friends like all black people do. But why do you want to say it to so they can sound real cool? I'm a Toyota and I hear he's a Toyota. We're all in the carbo. Now the biggest tackle find another word to you. Get you to be real bad. But now it seems okay when African Americans address themselves that way. I'm an interior and you're in the industry. The rear wear off the carbo. The longer the brand that you're for racial abuse. If you lose the tackle, I'm not facing to say. But now it's been neat all about my black folks every day. You're honest. I'm a interior and you're a interior and you're a interior and you're all in the carbo. I'm not in a rear to be used in a interior and you're all in the carbo. I think that's why I'm facing some kind of carbo. I'll include two. It's really that the banner now goes to everyone. I love you. You. You. Check it out. I'll be grandmas to school. I've been wishing my things. Play in with my. I've been placing. I've been placing. I've got a reason. I'm staying to the beach. Put the lotion in the bed. Okay. 1245 at five sixty wqm. I just want to say this right now. I'm just mentioning to before anybody that says no matter what your risk in color is. If you say check it out. That means you're an asshole. Nobody with a right. It would be a larger than their thumbnail. It says check it out. Do you know what I'd be saying? Five six seven. Oh, maybe read next. Check it out. I don't think so. Anyway, here's a fact from somebody who works for American Airlines. Who knows what's in the bar store bank. One ham and cheese sandwich. A bag of lays potato chips. One famous ainess cookie. A little thing of mustard for your sandwich. And you get a drink after you board the plane. Of course. So as I'm old enough to remember when we had regulation the only way the airlines could compete was on service. I used to work for eastern where they had five star dinner service. Those were the days. Thanks to all your Republicans who deregulated us. Now we're just a bus in the sky. Very well put a bus in the sky. Nice going. Yep. And I'm not saying most of the people that work on your lines on the planes. The stewies, the flight attendant. Sorry. Our pretty nice. Some of them are pretty nice and some are nice and net. But nevertheless, they, you know, they do their best. And they put up a lot of crap in the public. They have to deal with the public, which you're most of the state. But nevertheless, they're, you know, they're limited in what they can do. The only thing you know what bothers me tremendously. I mean, I don't know about you. But when you when you finally land on a plane that's delayed, you know, and you're trying to make a connection or you're just flown a long time and you just want to get off that plane and get your car and hope you might get home alive. They land and they finally get the damn, you know, idiot is getting the door on a jetway there, aligned with the door on the plane. And they finally opened the door and you're up there in first class. And with me, I'm always, or virtually always the first one there. I grabbed my back from the overhead and zoom. I'm right there at the front of the plane. I'm the first one on on the first one off. And they opened the door and the jackass from the airline on the inside. They have to stand there and play a little grab ass with each other while you're standing there waiting out. You can see it off now. Why you're talking about how many goddamn wheelchairs you need. But whatever else you're talking about, you know, I'm saying. In fact, you know, when you're adjusting the thing, and they get on the phone with each other anyway, why can't they just say, I need two wheelchairs. I got two games back here and they took grips and they, you know, something. And then open open the door and let us out. I got one step and two grips in the back, okay. So I mean, they need two chairs in a box. It's the Fort Lauderdale, the piano flight of Fort Lauderdale. And more because you can park there, but boy, every time I used to fly to Fort Lauderdale, we need 48 wheelchairs. It's the geriatric. Oh, the special, the death express. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. And you know, yes, sir. It's so true about the flight coming back into Florida, the cemetery express. I think that you can get out of Florida to come back in. They do the preboarding for all the old fall. And that's not so bad in Miami, but when you're flying to Lauderdale, I guess it's all the Broward people, you know, oh, they do, but they do preboarding in the plane. They're already full. So when I go on, it's only me loading. It's a scary. But those American Airlines do tag things they give you. Master. They're their trojans, the sandwiches are hard to talk to. They give you these sun dried fruit things. And I would see it's my dog. Yeah. But I went to Toronto this weekend and had a fantastic time. Everything you said about it is right on the money. Great city man. And here Canada, right on the money actually had a real meal on their Canada. And I was so surprised. I was kind of shocked with them. They don't get carried away. The food is okay in our cameras. It's not great. They did the one on the internet. They would better than the hockey puck. Let me tell you. Right. And the one on the other hockey puck. The only bad thing about Toronto is I guess because of the economy so bad right now. There are a lot of homeless people. I don't know what to do with these kind of, it's always that way. It's just, you know, you know, just how polite they are, though. Oh yeah. It's a spare-conchanged Mister. And you can barely even hear them. And even if you walk on by, thanks anyway. Have a good night, ain't it? And they all want to call you know, and they don't want money for who they will money for coffee. Right. Yeah. But then they talk about sports fans. Here, of course, you know what you just saw with social occasions. But there they live, they breathe, you know, hockey and fainteball. And it was, it was a lot of fun. Well, I'm glad it's over. Okay. Enough for one year. At least had a nice run. And now it's all over. There'll be some people out on the street and those, they, we won't be bowling from 7 to 10 and night on Young Street. Very true. If they sat though that, you know, I went by the old, I mean, police gardens and talk about a, uh, uh, mothball, you know, it's, it's kind of sad in a way. Okay, pal. See on church street. Have a good one. Okay. You know, I think I'm going to have a, experience any second now, you know, I do mean any second. I mean any minute. I mean, like any millisecond. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm. And you know, your system gets all messed up. I was thinking we should have sent maybe it's a little bit late now. We should have sent them a few in Samaut with a QA in Van. No, we could have given them a, some of the meals chunks from the Vegas trip. Huh? Some of the meals bloody chunks. Hmm. If I could have did, if I wanted to find a hand at time, I would have saved some. I would have brought back a whole sack full. I would have brought one of those empty beads, a bar store bags, and filled it up with meals chunks. Hey, it's just as good as some of the other crap that they try to hand out with that stupid van. Oh, here's another hit for the Neles. We have free tickets to something that nobody in the world will take even if we put a hundred dollar bill in the envelope. Why does Sam is busy? And I'll run in my tone stories about all his friends. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Good Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. You all fly first class? Always. Okay, so they don't give the belly back in first class, are they? No, they don't. That's why I was asking what's in them. Okay, so I mean, the baddest that they give. Why they crushed? Meaning what? What is the story? This is the doing with them. Okay, huh? Second call today for that asshole, okay? Glad we're keeping you off the street. Okay, pal. Jack asked? We know what you're doing with them. Here's a guy that's got a one-bid-an in his mouth and one in his spectrum, which maybe balances it out, or maybe it's the same one. 560, 560, pon-560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and pompano. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. We should all be so lucky for whoever said, whoever called you from American Airlines about the B-still bags. Well, I sure didn't get that. I didn't just blew back and forth to California. What did you get? I got, let's see, a small car in the orange juice. A banana. So, that's it. How about the ball? There's much to be in the morning flight. Correct, sir. Yeah, there's breakfast. It was also the way two and a half hours. The sun, the sun, dried, cherries and raisins, and, you know, your main meal, a little car and a yogurt. And then another, having a... It was like the leg of the flight. You did get a small turkey sandwich, like all wrapped, you know, wrapped a real pie in the Seran wrap on a tiny pot. So, one time still for the four-five nights at Cinder Island, right? And the mustard, a little mustard, and I don't even think I think the best thing I got in the second bag was like a little package of the pepper-ch farm malano cookies. Oh, yeah. And they were real good. I mean, I mean, I mean, those are good. Yeah, but we don't have to. We're so good only one bag, you know. You were talking about the pie I heard you talking about American Airlines food and I was wondering what the hell you were talking about. First of all, I had one thing for the first time. I just walked into door a second ago and someone was talking about Ben and Jerry's ice cream. Was he talking about the new flavors at all? No, he just, he's late to the program. He just been getting on the Ben and Jerry's band by his head. Oh, he does, he does. He's a beginner. They made kind of a second version, a second version, a fish food called bovenity, the vanity. Which is white chocolate ice cream with dark chocolate cows instead of the fish that dark chocolate cows. And that's swirled with dark chocolate ice cream and white chocolate cows. Oh, my God. And it's a little less guilty than the fish food nice. I saw it out there. Well, because you don't have to give up, have the marshmallow and the caramel swirl through it. It's lighter ice cream, which is ice cream in the and the cow chunks. Yeah. And boy, it is. And I got my own chunks out of me then. And they also have like a triple caramel chunk now, which is caramelized with chunks of caramel. Yeah. And they have like a mocha latte, I think, which is a low fat. Not an athlete, I don't mind. I want high fat. I had. I saw that for the bovenity divinity for the first time down here in a public sun yesterday. Bovenity divinity. I like the name of the young. Bovenity divinity. And again, my wife shall drive me now. She can actually keep a cart in there for like a week. She'll like a little at a time. Oh, I could have. I don't know something. I will admit this. I've had I've had a pint in for like two days. Okay. That's my record that I, you know, like maybe I went out at night and I got it. They'd have of it and was able to save some for the next day. And as soon as I got home for work, I immediately sucked it down. Yeah. But but but but it was me or nearly the pint is gone. I have to give her an ultimatum at time. Just listen, if it's not, if you don't finish your fight tonight, it's not going to be. And then somebody said a couple weeks ago, they're starting to make it in court. Is that true? I've seen some. I've seen some flavors. Oh, no. And I have I've seen very few of the flavors in court. Like they don't do it. Maybe they just like vanilla or the chocolate chip or something. But I mean, I can, I can just sit there and eat a pint with a freeze of door open. Yeah. And you're looking at the clock. It takes me 37 seconds to get out of the microwave. And once once on on the loose with that. Well, look at your public. I think it's going to be just as big of a run on the boat. Vennity to Vinnie is. There is on a fish. Okay. And they're 245. I'm good. Thanks. And I'm so happy to see you. So I'm here today. Get that watch your wrap there to about 350. 375. Come on. Crank that baby up. Okay. Why don't I hang that? You only live once. Always help nuts out there. Like me. You know, that's screw it. You don't see me taking Pillar 2. Then, of course, it gets to the pot. Where the pills don't work anymore. And you'll start on the insulin shots. And then, you know, you go blind and you lose your legs. But hey, it was a lot of fun at the meantime. Wasn't it? 567 0560. Pond 560 on the mobile one line. They're predicting us to crap. I'll tell you what, then God's not at the supermarket. I'll tell you that. You walk into a public restaurant. God's sure isn't in there. Because if he were God's things, I'll tell you that right now, okay? If God is in the toilet, God stinks like crap. Christ. Well, where the hell was it? I walked into a public, must have been the airport to take a leak. I walked in there, I thought, man, it smells like a toilet in here. God. Although, when you walk into some of the public restaurants and you read the graffiti, you have to assume that maybe God was in there at one time. You know, maybe doing a limbo rock under the stall there, according to what Tim Rosser's wife, whatever her name was, who had was famous for about two minutes when she wrote that book. By the way, how's Andrew Koonan and Junior doing these days? 1256-560WQA, I'm serious. You know how every day has its own particular feeling to it, I'm numb. I have no idea, I know it's Tuesday, but other than that, I just, I'm in limbo. Is it only me? Huh? I just, this day doesn't have any field of it. It's like I know that I'm here and I'm not all out of sighted about it, but it's just, yeah, yeah, like that, yeah. Go ahead, baby, I'll try to see. Don't you see me? Who's on it? Who's on it? Who's on it? Who's on it? It's the water, the water. Who's on it? Well, we're here. And I've got no fear. Oh, they go where no man's done before me. The five-year-lip, and the rule that's left is why your face that leaves you empty. The evil leaves is just dead. They said it's painless. But like a spaceman, I'm certainly in your painless. If they like a thing, it's to be... The reason behind the rising ground you're ruining the side and all the pain. The pothentity to me. Well, say that you prayed. The tongue was not just a mistake. Make the arrow my dad's a fan straight up. Now, while the real Super got a lot of tongue off in your super. Please add it up to your tongue, it's still. I got a foot that's made of beef beans. My friend called me number two. I heard you kneeling, chop chop. But I prefer you to do. If they like the baby to be. The sweetest way to rise to. The moon is shining on me. They like a panty to me. Now, put away that key while the starland. I'm ruining you. I'll drop you. I'll burn her to you. Things have not been with us. We rarely work to lose to you. And for what's the hell with not those fools? When will I do? Please make me look like a man. You'll find it hard to sit down. I get done with your turn. The trick's like a parent is too big. We did it, painted by the thing. You're ruining the starland on me. You're ruining the starland on me. You're ruining the starland on me. You're ruining the starland on me. By the way, take your time with you. I cataloged your order because you won't want to come back in here anytime too soon. Because it smells like a penny in here. It's a four minutes after. Well, I listen. I'm doing my best to prolong the inevitable. You know, I'm like kind of leaning up until the end. And there. And you know, voice successfully so far. Here's a fact this is on right ahead of great time and Vegas. I'll be there in two weeks. I want to think I'm curious about you haven't mentioned. Did you get the freebie meal? The rosewood grill? No. Didn't have the rosewood grill. Like I said, I didn't have time. There's just only so much time in a 24 hour day. And last time I checked it was only 24 hours. And what I'm in Vegas, I don't think that much. First night, I got to bed about quarter to three in the morning. I was up at 7.45. Second night, Sunday. Got to bed around three in the morning. And got up at 8.45. That's it. Who the hell wants to sleep in Vegas? All depending on who you're sleeping with, right? So no, I did not go to the rosewood grill. I didn't get a computer, but I'm sure you will. Because here's a guy that gets counted the MGM and at the top. And I would do. Okay, all the money I drop out there, but I'm just a putts. Like I said, let me spend more, which means better for the rest of you. I'm not one of those cheap back to did looking for everything at a discount. Everything wholesale, everything for free. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wallace line. Searching for a satellite signal, but I must be the end of the world out there. You know what? Too bad we don't have a window. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, Leo. Yes sir. Yeah, first time calling a long time, listen. Hello. Yes sir, I'm listening. Yeah, I work out here for the catering company. The cater is a more care-life. Uh-huh. And yeah, it is actually right with the guy put in the facts. You get a bag of ruffles and a half of Tula. I mean, a half of Turkey sandwich. Yeah. Yeah, but the flight is at the flight, it doesn't have any more to do with the work than that. They get even less than that. The flight doesn't get like an ounce of Tula. Yeah. And you know, stay over it, like a Peter Break. Well that's enough because we don't want to fly to ten. We're gonna need a stomach problem. Because that's the last thing we need is the worst thing ever. When a captain comes out and uses the first class to the toilet, you know, get out of there. Okay, because it's supposed to be for us, we're paying on this. We're not getting paid. Yeah, you don't see it when you get to get off the plane. Yeah. The next flight of ten is they come on board. They're searching to the whole left of the word that's side to the cart. You see what they can eat because they don't get no food. Really? Really? Yeah. So, you know, they'll search around the trade and they'll find like an orange. You know. And okay, I'll start leaving a little something behind for now. Okay, thanks for the good news, pal. Okay, you know. 56070560, POM5060 on the AT&T wireless line. I just, I don't know about that kind of a job, you know. Because talk about being a captive audience. I mean, almost anywhere, any other kind of a job, even like those waitresses at the, you know, and wolfies in the old days that would rip off the, their apron and screen. I can't take it anymore. Feel people are media and it would run out, you know. I saw that happen at least two or three times. But at least they had somewhere to go, but on a plane, you're like kind of a captive audience. We're nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. In addition to which, how long did they get to stay over, you know, when they go somewhere? It depends. Maybe a day, maybe a weekend. I don't even imagine we can probably like a day. 560560, POM5060 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Port St. Lucy, hello. Yeah, Neil God. Yes, man. Yes, I found American, but this is a year and a half ago. So we only had like a half a sandwich of like ham and cheese. Yeah. There's many tortilla chips that they were like three or four of these, many tortilla chips in the bag. And they actually had water in there, but it was like this thing that he just killed the little offer, this thing, this smaller than one of those yellow things to get in the public. I mean, this water actually in the bag. I started laughing my butt off. Yeah. And then a cookie. It was laughable. So I always bring like, Yeah, I don't want you to feel bad, but in first class they had those like fresh, chocolate chip cookies, you know that they heat up in the oven. Oh, well, we actually sent this book because he's talking about another. And the 80 or whatever the heck not the amity, but the 80 super whatever they want. That's a crap. Yeah, we could peek through the curtains and they were getting you know, we called a steak come out and the head a little scalping pepper, you know, shaker, and we're going to have that. Yeah, or really is in first class on American to food is very good. Yeah, well, we had the box bag. Okay, good luck. All right, thanks. See you. 5607. Oh, 560, Pong 560 on the ATT. What was that? I thought like I was missing something. What did he say? Did you guys eat already? Oh, that's right. Sam, I guess he must have missed lunch. Oh, he's busy gossiping around the building, telling all those great stories. Yeah, we already ate Sam. Sorry. But we'll be sure and miss you next time. 560, 560, Pong 560 on the ATT wireless line. It's 9. And it's after one at 560 QM. Did you ask you to check a new top bag? No matter how hard it's right, Can't get her to date a guy that's too far with you. She will touch up he may. Just to be I'm grieving. It's too hard and pleasing. Call the thrill is at the start. You dated guys really hung up. I can't believe she's a Latte. Yeah, Latte, Latte. You must be something wrong with you gay. I really don't know where I went wrong now. I can't believe she's a Latte. Yeah, Latte, Latte. Oh, I really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe she hurt something I saw. Yeah, there's one of the great talents. At the time, on 13 at 560 WQA and the hangover show, Like I said, from New York into a clocked on a beat, Talking baseball, 630. The Marlins and Cardinals, 630 pre-game game, That's seven o'clock tonight. And no. No. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, how are you? Okay, sir. Have a flying Southwest? No. Well, at least you know going in. You're not going to get anything but a bag of peanuts. Yeah. I mean, the last time I flew there was a plane ticket off the, The Stewart is so whatever you want to call me, Start yelling, run, run, run, run. It's the plane tickets off. So they go jokes the whole time while. That's great. And they always think of you that probably the show where some of those old crash Your plane crash movies do when it's played. They take a lot of stuff to take your mind off of your, That's great. That's great. That's great. That's great. Especially if there's a lot of turbulence. So I'm talking about it all over. But at least we don't have Barnes, Warner, and we're lucky. Right. That's right. Not good enough for the Panthers. Not good enough for us. Why ask you about Toronto? And don't forget about Lindy Roth, yes sir. Think about taking a trip up that way. Other than, you know, what's, what's to do up that way? And what do you mean, what is to do with, Well, I mean, I want to take a new experience. What does that mean? Well, I go to my bath house. That's probably the end of the experience. What does that mean? Trying to experience? Well, what does there to do anywhere? There's nightlife. There's food. There's stuff. You know, there's shopping. Well, there have been a north of the border. So just curious as far as, like, if you did ran a car, You drive into, you know, You don't want to run a car. You want to do is you take a cab to, You stay downtown somewhere in a nice hotel. It takes a cab from the airport. The airport is like a long, long, Slept. It's way west of the city. You know, we think about the western hotel. Some like that west in the heart. Yeah, it's right downtown. And that'd be fine. They got a great subway system. The rocket take all over the city. Oh, that's what mean? Go around the city, see, and power. So I think that's right. There you go. You know, it's it's great. And the best part of it is it's not here. Well, exactly. How's the weather like you know, It'd been there in June? Like, you know, it'll be perfect. Perfect. Okay. He 85 minutes shade. The mosquitoes will be the size of bowling balls. It'll be great. Okay. How's it going to get into the country? No problem with customs? Okay. I'm going to go to the airport. You got a passport? Yes. I'll write your end. Have a good time, pal. Okay. So listen to the guy in the McDonald's up there. Burger King? No. Yeah, they do. They got subway. They got McDonald's. They got Burger King. They got hearty. They got you. They got Tim Hortens. Oh, we got somebody world travelers in this town. You know, I want to give you a kiss. Yeah. 560560, pon 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm tired of you ripping the Christians when you're not good. Okay. Well, I'll go find some of the show. Go find a Christian show to listen to. Okay. Asle. Your tired. Your sound tired. Your sound like you barely spit the words out. Sall like you got a mouthful of crap. 560, pon 560 on the AT. We're talking about food on the airline. This guy's way is hired me ripping the Christians. There were a few Christians on a plane. Here's Miami. Hello. What is these phone lines? Miami. Hello. Hey, you're so stink. Okay. Thank you. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Okay. There's another one. What was that? No one on me. 560, pon 560 on the AT&T line. We got one call after the board. Sounds like we're playing fast and loose. It will stop again today. Like somebody got their finger deep inside somebody else's. We're going to do a little twist without Chubby Chekker. That's what it sounds like to me. Here's a mobile and cutlery of Joe. Schlapping in the ball. Yeah. See what I'm saying? And they all got that sound on them too now. 560, 50560, anybody left out there? No. And if we look at colors, they got a lot of good music here, man. I can digest my lunch and piece. Count 560. We pay for it on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? This phone is a history. This phone just had it. Go ahead sir. Is that what you're in a barrel? I showed you. That guy that called about to stop West Airlines. Yeah. He's dead on the money. That's a great airline. We were landing. I'm in back from Nashville. Yeah. And either the pilot of the co-pilot started with this wall. But we'll get selling all that crap. Packed everybody in the plane. Planting track out. That'll be quite good. Good. Good. All right. Okay. There are people are a little bit more serious. Up any old cockpit. Don't you like to think that. Yeah. I'm not looking for shit down comedy. I'm looking for like adults up there. Who else? I like it just. We're going to the wind. Wow. I mean, you know, maybe you idea of being on a plane trip is a little bit different from mine. But more power to you. You stick with Southwest and it sounds like to me. I'll stick with everybody else. 567.0560. Palm 560. On the OAT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in point and V. Hey, Mr. Rogers, how are you? Yes, sir. I would agree with you about what we're saying about Southwest. I'd like to assume that instead of holding the intercom button, maybe they got their hands on, you know, whatever. Let's go. Yeah. Thank you. I just flew out to Vegas. Greatest place on Earth. Just got back. We stayed at the MGM on your way. I was playing on Earth. But it's a great place for a couple of days. We stayed at the MGM. Awesome. But we did take that America. Without the nine and a half hour flight. Lotterd else, right? To Vegas. Terrible. It was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was awful. Well, then it was that same weekend that my any airport was all messed up, you know? Where they couldn't leave or stay because all the Haitians had done something with the radar. The Haitians had done something with the radar. I don't know. I thought it was the Haitians. Maybe the radar was just out. Oh, the Jamaicans. The Jamaicans have done something with the radar. Yeah, it was a little smoky on the radar screen, yeah. And so they couldn't fly them. So yeah, I was brutal. But I just want to say how to grade time. Biggest rules this place sucks. Okay. Thank you. See you. Five, six, seven, oh, are they in but understand anything they're saying this hour? No, but it's a kilns and good time. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, oh, you got that or we're going too fast. I think that's the problem in time five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. With our real group of world travelers we got here today, we're really learning the hell of a lot about world travel. I don't think no mistake about that. Here's a lady mobile in the forward waterdale. Hello. Yeah, I just want to tell a needle that he likes to criticize people, but he didn't like to take it. Meaning what? You like to criticize people, but when people want to make their comments about what? About what? About what? About what? Like what you just did to the question. To the Christian? Yeah. Meaning what? Excuse me? Meaning what? What does that mean? You don't you like to criticize people, but you don't like to use it. He's easy at his time to criticize Christians and I told him to go listen to something else then. Are you tired of it too? I don't care. But I mean, you can't even mind your own business. Okay, but I'll tell you a third party and okay, you're getting two minutes in a box. Third lady and okay, don't be buttoned in to everybody else's disagreement. I'm sure you got plenty of your own. She's got to jump on the side of this other. I don't, I'm not here to be criticized. I'm here to be an entertainer to provoke to do whatever it is. The careful hours every day. I'm not here to listen to your critique. You want to critique somebody. Go in the toilet and critique. Okay? I'm not here to listen to critiques. You choose the listen to this show. Nobody's holding a gun to your head. Okay? So if you enjoy it, great. More power to it. If not, pick up a hobby. Okay? Like Russian roulette, something else. Man. Sourly hostile. Probably an OJ liquor. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Maybe put a red touch with Roy. The crap with him. Okay? They can commiserate. Here's sunrise. Hello. Any help? Yes sir. I'd just look like a word out of my mouth. Long time listener. I'd like to show a lot. What are these people that are calling three to that? How did they get your number? Yeah. A little bored must have whispered nearer. Maybe they write it on a wall on a T-room somewhere. I have a little bit of a list of the show. He must be holding a gun to their head. Make it. I'm listening. Great show. Keep up. Okay. And have a great day. They got nothing to say. Get the music out. Okay? I'm going to start playing some music. They'll come back from Vegas after a very stressful weekend. Lost a lot of money. Had a great time. And these people. Yeah. And everybody. Why do I go through this? Why am I even saying this? It just put it on a tape. The same is it ever going to change? Oh, of course not. Absolutely positively will never change. This is a relentless place that refuses to change. That is incapable. That is undesiring for change. That's why we don't have casinos here. That's why we don't have people who could drive their finger up their, uh, Black don't slice their cars down a road like, uh, in a way that makes any sense. This is the way they like it. This is a love it. They embrace it. They're squeezing it. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Good. I got a story. I think you'd enjoy. Or you could relate to. I got a 99 Corvette. Now you drive a wet a 90 to 99. I have 99. Okay. I've got a yesterday discovered a nail in the left tire. Let's reattire. Mm-hmm. Went to the dealership today. Don't we had to go to a, uh, uh, Bridget dealer. Right. I went there. It could not patch the tire because the nail was in the side wall. Can't get a tire. After weight five days, so I want to come in. As you notice, no spare in that car. Right. Can't drive the car for five days. Cause got 2800 miles on it. Well, what do you mean you can't drive it for five days? You can drive it with a flat. You can't patch it. Once you pulled the nail out, I was couldn't put a patch in it. Oh, he pulled the nail out. Right. Nice. Nice, huh? And they're not going to give you a rental? Nope. Okay. Well, good luck, Mr. Sir. Okay. Let's come in the right for this guy. Okay. He's got a 99 vent to can't drive for five days. What are we going to do? We're going to do something about it. No. No. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line call and let us know what your problems are. Okay. Let us know what you're, what's your beef? Let's bring that back. Showing? No. No. No. No. Here's Tamara. Hello. How come? Yes, sir. What's up, buddy? How much? Daytona Christen girl, right? Yeah. This is now, sir. The final field's battery. She says I'm not going to go to heaven. Yeah. Because I'm not a Christian. Yeah. When we come going, I'm going to have a little bit of sex. Next week, no sex. Because she feels bad. Because it's not the Bible's way. Yeah. How to control a meal? I'll go get yourself a nice AT&T as you're going to get laid in the two three times today. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Hey, I have a problem with the fact that you know, you got a call. You know, you got a call for the day on the day on the day on the day on the day. The man was confused. You found it. I'm not interested in your problem. Okay? Find something else in your life to worry about besides OJ, just because he happens to be black. And like I said last week, I'm sick. I've headed up to my ears. I can talk about everything out of the sun. You name it. You name the topic and get no black colors whatsoever. And then as soon as you mention that murdering set of a bitch OJ, they're right away. Guys like this. I'm not, not, not, not, yeah. Blow it out your ass. Okay, pal. Blow it out your ass. That's what I have to say to you. Okay, my dark, complicated friend. There are a lot of nice black people. There are a lot of nice white people. I don't think you're in either category. I think you figured out what you are yet. Get yourself a brain and stop worrying about OJ and stop walking around with a professional race card. Deep inside your record. Okay. That's my comment to you, sir. nauseated with that crap. We don't like murderers. And those of us who have a brain, we don't care whether they're black. Whether they're white. We didn't like to, they're Ted Bundy too much. And he was as white as the fall I'm snow. Okay. Real pale, complicated white guy, murdering set of a bitch. And by the way, 10 o'clock tonight on HBO, go over to somebody's house. It's got HBO, pal. Go and watch that hour. You might do a learn something that I doubt it. Here's a mobile and margate. Hello. Neo God. Yes, sir. You know, great game last night. Unfortunately. Yeah. I was not a great game last night. Well, you know, I tell you, there's the leaf. The leaf has to up a little bit of sheep. Yeah. That's the right man. They got to start hitting people in front of the net. You're right. You're right. Like I came around when, you know, they got a young defense, cover law, and then they got our old defense. They got that, uh, still vain coat text, who's 100 years old, who all of a sudden lost and, you know, and carpeted, who was a party during their regular season. And a minus 500 during a playoff. They got defensive problems. That's right. And John, who don't play that great in the series. Well, yeah. Yeah. You're right. But, you know, you can't hold it all up on him. I didn't say all of it. But he didn't play that good either. And his defense was a defenseless. The game on set. Last night was at least a competitive game. The game of Saturday was in the buckle. He just missed the boss. They didn't even show up. I'd like to see him want one win the game. Take it to take a look. No, I'm delighted. It's over. It was enough. Stress for one year was a lot of fun. It was great. And now let's see. Another thing. The buffalo looks pretty good. The thing that it made is me is, I should give you. He's definitely a head case. Yeah. The question about my mind. I've lost my patience with him this series. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've focused on the gate community and how they're not really using protection now. It's old news sir. Pretty graphic actually. Pretty good article. Okay. Have a great day. Old news. The bearbackers. Oh yeah. We're going to take our chances. Well listen. We'll bring your flowers. We'll put your name on the quilt. 560560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 127 at QA. I'm a top-weather top school. Hi. This is old J. Since I've been released from J. I like to keep track of my pitches. So I recommend you to old J. Simple pitch jack for women. Believe me brothers, you won't get jack with pitch jack. Sit the pass just small homie device. The old pitches lag. And you can track her all around half. And just in case she keeps you get up in. You see, when your woman be messing around. New pitch jack or women. Let's out an inaudible beef in sound. It only you can hear. And once they catch her, she's all yours. Yes, then it's just something. We track down your old lady with a white man. What shall we do with her? Well, thank you officer. Oh, handle this. You bitch. Don't you know how tracking you with pitch jack. Oh, my God. You're so much so much. You're so remember. Your home won't get very far. With old J. Since his new pitch jack. Full women. Hey. Just because old J is free. Don't mean you'll get you. Got to be free too. I don't think I've got to clock tonight. You're number five on HBO. I don't even get HBO. But as soon as I get home, I'm going to order it. And I'm going to watch it. You know, I'm going to watch it just because that guy pissed me off so much. I'm he just put me over the edge. Think you could tape it for now. I am so sick and tired of black people defending. I mean, you're anybody, but in particular, so many of these black people defending O.J. just because he happens to be black, even though he's in Uncle Tom and he hates them like poison. And once nothing you do with him. You know, it's pathetic. It's like standing up and saying, hey, I'm a moron. You know, just me over here. I'm a moron. I'm an idiot. Here's the fact that says what the hell are these asshole colors talking about? Why do they think it's funny when the flot? Who I'm Southwest Airlines are making jokes doing about Seattle believe that? Those people probably work for like, you know, continental or something. They're calling it about Southwest making jokes. No jokes. We don't want the pilot on there making, uh, funny. And you know, another thing that pilots do, and I realize that they can't hear it. Because they're off in the cockpit and we're sitting back in the, you know, cabin. But there's nothing more aggravating, especially when you're hoping maybe to get some information about when you're going to arrive at your ETA or Southwest something. You know, and you're over, or humble or rude for a long, or not. And then you can't understand it's either distorted or it's so low that you can't hear a word of the guy saying, you know? Like, say what? Like, check it out. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Well, we got him stood up today anyway. They're all pissed off. That's good. It's good that you all pissed off and fired up. Because at least that's a little bit unusual here in his town. A little bit of emotion, even though I have no idea what it's all about. Here's a mobile and story. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Two comments if I may. Number one, religion was invented to keep peasants in line and from rioting. And number two, Kevin Oliver is the youth douchebag. Thank you. Okay, great. 560, let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. How about those big believes? Yeah. Okay, great. Good one. 560, we lost the game day. Like, I come in this morning and depone these other guys is standing in a hallway. Oh, you're going to be all right, y'all, right? Oh, man, get a life. Oh, I guess you know, when you're not betting on games and losing the half-week salary on ball games, I guess maybe, you know, take it a little more seriously. I'm a big fan 41 years and I knew they're going to lose the series and so was no shock. I'm emotionally drained and spent from it. It's all over, okay? Like, fat boy, wild ones in here this morning. Mr. Buffalo Sabers, okay? Maybe he'll allow for the rich genera, I'll release the risk of some talent. Here's a lady in Fort Lottodale, hello. Lady in Fort Lottodale. Hello, Neil. Yes. This is my place time. I have a cold you. Uh-huh. I'm in the hospital. I just want to let you know that the nice, as you have a great show. Uh-huh. And they said that you know how to handle those rules. That is so mean to you. Uh-huh. And they said that you have a nice place to narrowly. Uh-huh. And that you're a very intelligent man. Yeah. And they want to meet it to talk to you. About what? That you're a nice man. Uh-huh. Okay. Thank you. Feel better sweetheart. Bye-bye. Don't ever call this show again. Five, six, seven, five, 60. Yeah. I didn't see it. Your back is done for not causing problems, so 0.560, 5.60 on the 18.2 wireless line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yeah, I was going. Okay, sir. I'm going to try and give you an opportunity to hang up on me. But John Henry was sitting by us during the Cubs series. And of course, I only went to go watch the Cubs. Because I'm also having anything to bring to the table. I didn't make a mention. I said, hey, man, you should get up to Turner Field. We just got back from Morley weekend up in Turner Field. My hate to brace. But what a ballpark. There's so much other things to do than watch baseball. That would be nice to have something like that. This down here. Mean what what does that mean? What do you mean is so much else to be said watch baseball? Oh, they've got nothing but platforms, you know, beer tents. They've got activities for kids. There's a tent. Oh, I'll hold the place. And I mean, there's so many other things to do with that. Well, I'm going to answer this. Why do you go to a ballpark to go to a beer tent? Can't you drink beer at home? Can't you go like in the backyard? Have a barbecue? I mean, what do you have to pay to go to a ball? So what's the chance? You don't get a chance to watch a good matter if you're the home run off of giving Brown. Who cares? Who cares about Greg Madder? See, how many games I was seeing? How much is one do you last win? A pro-watch? Okay, look it up, pal. Yeah, this guy, he nuts. So you don't like the Marlins. He goes to Atlanta. He don't like the braves, but they got a good beer tent. Okay. I mean, like I said, sports nerds, save it for after two. Before 10 and after two on his station, not interested. A little bit of hockey I'll talk with you because it's a real sport for real sports fans. But this bull crab, but it's oh yeah, well, what else can you see Greg Madder? I'm surprised that he was able to see Greg Madder sit the home run because he how did he spare time from being in the beer tent? Maybe he saw it on a TV monitor, huh? That was the call of the year right there. That was the one. That was the definitive, I'm a sports nerd with no life call who was sitting now by John Henry. Just like those Cub friends, I was watching over the weekend in Vegas on TV, a little of that Cub's whoever the hell I were playing, the Cardinals. And Henry Rodriguez hits the home run and all of a sudden all these Cub fans are throwing a Henry bars off, which I never heard of that before. I didn't know that they do that, not that he hits that many home runs. And they had a hold up the game for like 20 minutes. I mean, what do you do? Do you go to your convenience store before you go to the ball game and you buy a half dozen of Henry bars? Is that what you do? Once you're last time you had no Henry bar by the way. Ten years ago. Yeah, you know why? Because they taste like crap. Yeah, so throw them out on the field and that's exactly why. Who don't want to eat that crab? In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they were in the bar store bag. They're on the American Airlines. It's probably like a half a sandwich in a Henry bar. That's somebody who want to feel or really feel. To the cow, Aaron's coming. Coming to a theater near you. That's right. First content. The next after you're patient. Oh, cool. Right. The final frontier, starting. Captain, uh, I made you catastrophe as a current on the edge and prize. One of the crew members is into self-ratification, driving an abundantly a playing on throughout the ship. Thousands on the captain. I have to interrogate. What about you, Spive? The Italian illogical camping. What about you, bones? Do you know the truth? Damage in. Unmintokter. Yeah. Yeah. Ten. What about you, Scotty? Web to minutes. I'm the chief operator. You know the terminator. Not the masturbator. What about you, Solo? That's Solo. What about you, Hoorah? I'm the big, not the Hoorah. Well, if no one else on the ship is not at that must be. Jack-off. That's my name. Don't wear it out. That's right. That's the next. That's your name. That's the thing in a theater near you. 143 at 5.50. WDQ. Well, that's good. That's down a little under 100 now. What is it? 98 points? Nasdaq's down 40. Markets in the crap over what are we here. Okay. What the hell difference does it make it so many money? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why was that? Getting a lot of very useful airline stuff today, not nothing. Zero. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. When you measure your penis deep. Let's go to a mobile and less bomb each. Hello. Oh, hey, is it me? It sounds like you. All right. I'm from that account, your guy. I've heard a lot of noise about your, your, my penis song. You heard a lot about my penis? Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly what I heard about. And I want no fucking, you know, fear that. Have you played that song for me sometime? In other words, you want my penis? Sure. Yeah. Okay. We'll send it right over. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Yeah, you're done. Okay. A little thing that I've been interested in. I was looking at a light horse point. And to the post office, I was standing. Come out. I got two cops that now right. Me, it took it. I'm like, what's going on? I'm not parking a handicap. That's like that. He woke me a ticket. He says you're inviting crime. I'm so retarquable. You have your window open. Yeah. It's a two cop. Yeah. I'm going to have a ticket for leading your window open. He will. I wanted. What is that a new wall? I was inviting crime. I got a warning. I got a warning. What about if you went out to your mailbox to get your mail and you're front door open? Would you also come to your home and give you a ticket for a inviting crime by leaving you door open? I know. That's what I asked. What about convertible? What about spikes? Yeah. That's what's law. They won't be a warning. We're inviting crime. I'll leave my window open. Thanks for the good news, pal. Thank you so much. There you go. Shopboard is finest again. Like I said, we got crazy people driving around out there. People should have been taken off the road years ago. But God, that's a dangerous job. But right in this guy, ticket for leaving his guy, they have underruled down when he goes in to get four postage stamps. There is some heavy duty police work. Oh, maniacs. See you guys on high eightest road, by the way. With your recipe guns, with your little radar traps. Really conditioning the public real nice. 567, we got one call left in the board match. The biggest, the budget dead beach in this hour of ever heard my life. Most of which by the way didn't get on the year. 567, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. All of you, it's that freaking bokeh bride. Now I'm really depressed. Here's a mobile in Miami, Lake. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Greetings, Neil. This is my first time ever calling any radio show. Uh huh. I'm a real sports fan from a real sports town. Uh huh. Right Michigan. Yes. I want to say congratulations to the least you guys had a good season. Uh huh. And I was hoping for a match up. Listen, it's a low chance. A match up of one. I was hoping for a red wing, leaps, cups, match up. Oh, okay. Well, wait for my work out. Listen, this will rotate thing. You know, I got a funny feeling that a lot of these people that are waving a flag are hitting the thing. Really, really stopped and found out what he was all about. They wouldn't be so quick to do that. They're just there. They're not interested in finding out what he's all about. All are interested. All I know is their pissed off and he's a representative symbol to them. And therefore they want to keep being pissed off. And I'm sick and tired of it. I've heard it until it's coming out of my ears. I know. I know. But come up with a quote to this guy's. I don't know if you got him into bear with me. He said it a playboard interview one time. I'm not black. I'm OJ. A killman call. Yeah. That's my head. He's a killman call. Uh-huh. When he hurts every time he's got to just came to him and then pointed out a survey amongst the United States citizens, they said OJ, the people see you as colorless. That means you appeal to all groups. He was so proud of that. He had it framed. A killman call. Yeah. He doesn't care nothing about black people. And he never did. When people are filled with psychotic hatred, it's that you're talking region. I talked about this last week. We had a whole show here for one, uh, for one whole day for four hours. You can't let me know if people would have wanted my racial hatred. Don't try to reason with them with a fact. They don't want to know from the fact. I guess I make the famous state you do when it comes to that. I think people, if you give him the fact that they'll say. Well, so I hold on a second. That must be true. No chance. No chance in this town. I just remember. The killman call. And have a great day. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, 5, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 key wireless line. The ship must have come in today, Powagtat at that. 148 at QEM.