Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show, a rock Continental called 567-0560 toll free for date and rower or pound 560 on your spellpull. The opinions of Neal is guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group. Now Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM The opinions of Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 WQAM The opinions of Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 WQAM The opinions of Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 WQAM The're Three, two, one políticas for mines. My heart was too monody. Think. Michael you, are your parents, life your own and you are the world. You are on your own, Oh, right. We didn't get the wrong idea. We didn't get the wrong idea. We didn't get the wrong idea. That'll 356, the WQM, happy Friday. But this week is really flown by, hasn't it? No. It seems like we all came in here, what about 2,300 days ago? God damn. Well, it's the first week of the New Year, okay? At all those three day weekends, you know, that's bad. When you have like all those extra holidays and three day weekends, you get used to it in the real hurry. And then all of a sudden, seriously, number I told you Tuesday, I woke up Tuesday morning. I thought to myself, Jesus Christ, I gotta go into work again today. And of course, I don't only work Monday. You know, after two, three day weekends in a row, and I thought Tuesday, Jesus Christ, another work day. But at any rate, we'll get through it. Hey, you think you got problems in the New Mac Arena, huh? Well, the guy by the name of Christian Fisher had some problems. He won't have any more problems because, well, he did. That's right. Did you see this story? Arena faces lawsuit over death of Cook? I mean, it's, in fact, I think this weekend, this story has inspired me. I'm gonna sue the Mac Arena, I'm gonna let's see, they're suing, who they suing. Robert County City is sunrise, and the professionals responsible for designing and wiring the arena kitchen. Well, I'm gonna sue the professionals responsible for designing and wiring the goal lights at both ends of the arena. The clocks at the, around the arena, and of course, the score clock and the penalty clocks at the top hanging over the center of the arena. And also the escalator people, let's sue them too. No, but seriously, this is a horrendous, a story. The family of a lottery. By the way, yesterday at the end of the show, we really didn't do a justice to the guy that called right there at the end of kind of round out of time. We had to go into those 45 press conferences that came up in two o'clock. But that was that all about. I get in my car and drive it home. I'm expecting your hank on here. And I keep hearing one press con, who's John L. way, and here's John L. way, and here's brother-in-law, and here's somebody who wants to have a bus with John L. way, who's having a press conference and on and on. And the hammer is doing the stuff where he has PN right now and he'll be on the way. He's good and ready, and you just sit around and wait. That was something. In fact, I think there's a word for it, and it's not something, but I can't say it on the air. But at any rate, the guy that called right at the end of the show yesterday about Robin Williams. I mean, this guy, this caller, he's an asshole, getting a surly, and I mean, really indignant and bad out of shape, because I don't like Robin Williams. I did like Robin Williams. It's like the same with I'mus. When I'mus was on radio, it was way longer, like I WNBC. He was hysterically was a funny guy. And then all of a sudden he died one day, and nobody told him that they'd prop him up in that chair, and his motorcycle jacket every day, and he's on air, and he's much richer and much more famous than ever before, because he's on MSNBC, but he's terminal. I mean, he, I'm embarrassed for him. And I used to think Robin Williams was one of the funniest people I'd ever heard he used to do that spanned up comic routine. He was very funny and outrageous, and whatever else. And then all of a sudden he started doing his horrendous series. I mean, a long series of really bad movies. I mean, really bad movies. And in every one of those movies, he played no matter what character he played it was this character. She, that's not being an actor. I hate to break the news to you. You're going to be an actor or actress. You can't always be the same. And that's the problem with some people. It's kind of like Tom Cruise. No matter what movie Tom Cruise is in, whether you like him or not, he's always the same. He's not the, whatever the name of the character is, he's Tom Cruise. Being, what Tom Cruise is, whatever that is, which we suspect but nevertheless. So to me, anybody thinks Tom Cruise is an actor. Although I will say Tom Cruise is better than Robin Williams. Different genre. But I mean, Robin Williams is just unwatchable. And this new movie with the doctor with the red nose and the clown nose. And he's doing that same thing. I mean, Jesus Christ, if you're going to be an actor, you have to be able to do different things. Like Marlon Brando. There's a great actor. On the waterfront, the godfather. I mean, you can't even imagine. You can't even imagine. You can't even imagine. You can't even imagine. You can't even imagine. You can't even imagine. And you can't even imagine. And you can't even imagine. What's wrong with him? What's wrong with him? I mean, there's an actor. I mean, there's an actor. He can play like a whole bunch of whatever he's in. He plays a different robber do of all. There's an actor. My god. But Robin Williams is a stand up comic trying to be an actor. And that's why every time he does another bad movie they say, comedy, just never get him good material. You know, two by the can't, no, he's just not an actor. He's a stand up comic. listening right now blow it out your ass, okay? And maybe before the day is out, I'll do some of my own funny voices, confess what the guy claimed that I do, I don't do, I do the arroggies voice very well, by the way. In fact, I think nobody does it better. Anyway, the family of a law, Lawter Hill, Cook, who tripped over an electrical outlet in the kitchen of the brand new summarize hockey arena, and died two months later, is suing over the accident. You think you got problems? How did they, uh, yank the center? The National Car rental center was still so new that the first lot of Panthers regular home game was two weeks away. The day before, on September 28th, the Panthers played the Boston Bruins and the Preseason nice at the $184.7 million amphitheater. Amphitheater? It's not an amphitheater. What, what does it say that? Who wrote this? No-Rene Marcus. I hate to break the news to you in the arena, but even I discovered one of my awful trip about there to a Palm Beach thanks to what a graber of what an amphitheater really is, or at least what they considered to be up there in Palm Beach out of me. An amphitheater is an open thing where you can get rained on and get in the ammonia. The National Car rental center is not an amphitheater. Okay, nor Rene Marcus, you've simpleed in little pimply-headed ass that the strings for the sun set no? God, do you know something? You can take any article at random, I do either one of our local newspapers, start reading it, and all of a sudden, when it like a whole series of mistakes, without even trying. The lawsuit filed December 29th in Broward Circuit Courts Exist, more of that money should have gone to make sure the kitchen was safe for workers, according to the suit. Kristen Fisher, 65, was working in the Boston Concession Group's kitchen Epiomina when he fell over a metal electrical outlet casing, protruding from the floor. Fisher suffered bruises on her shoulder and back side, but his left knee gave him the most trouble. It's well badly sending him to the doctors for treatment that continued on and off over the next two months. Fisher contacted an attorney Mitchell Foxe Hallendale, an infection set in and Fisher's lungs filled with fluid. The next thing I know I get to call that the infection spread to his kidneys, and he died Foxe said Tuesday. He died. Yes. Well George had a stoking, this pussy couldn't say. He died. He died. Foxe filed a wrongful death on behalf of this client's dependents, is what OST on the side. The Foxe seeks unspecified damages that the suit seeks unspecified damages that Foxe indicated would be substantial. Fisher enjoyed good help before the accident in the hospital bills exceeded 50 grand in addition to that. I hope they get millions from a borrowed county and from the city of Stunrise and the professionals, the so-called professionals, because it's very obvious to the right of us who frequent that joint that slot is the operative word for so many of the things and putting that place together. Even though the people who come there to choose and lose, they don't seem to mind what I do because an unvisible nasty rotten son of a bitch who is a perfectionist, especially somebody tries to do something right. I realize that's unreasonable down here, but nevertheless that's my philosophy. Please try to do it right. Then screw it up. Hello. Hi. It's P. We Herman. Take it from me. They don't come any better than judges. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. I'm not sure if you can see the people who are not in the same position. 10. 15. That 5.6 to the WQA. Very Jackson by the way. You know what they say about him. He's an asshole. He continues to be. This morning again is called that well. Jack Ramsay is going to get back on the NBA. Then he writes a thing about Greg Ward to he WQAM. I'm Jagging just reading your columns here, that Chubby faced, put whacking a push of yours I started gagging. But reading the article always, it never fails. WKOM's Honor Employees have been told not to discuss the stations lost to the Gens to Marlins, even if Collars and Choir about it. WKOM angry about the dismantling of the 1997 Championship, is seeking a right-speed reduction. And it goes on to say that, um, as all of us per WKOM's talk show host in the awkward position, not really Jeff DeFloris said, as far as on air conversation, it hasn't had any effect. I don't feel compromised. And Honor Honor goes, a great link. Well, I hate to break the news to you, Barry Jackass. But when there's pending litigation going on, and there are those of us who work for the radio station that's involved on one end of it so far, you're not able to discuss it in public. And not with just with this radio station. It's not a question of a gag order. It's a question of you can't discuss it in public, period. That's all. Because if you start opening up a mouth, anything you say, like they say, on a drag net, can be held against you, and can be dragged into lawsuit. So we don't discuss it. Just come and sense, which you don't have, Barry. But he's always trying to create, create, make smile, you know, works something up into a bit of controversy, even though there's nothing there. I mean, last year, everybody on this station had their say about, you know, the Marlins and what Wayne had done to them and what they had become, and about the, you know, other situations involved here. Everything that was involved, all been said. So there you go, Barry Jackass. Not a question of a gag order. It's a question of common sense. And like I said, which you don't have. You're a real piece of turd and believe me, you landed right on the right spot. You know, it's like a turd falling from the sky landing in the appropriate place. Like what on Barry's uh, rectum would be a good spot. All we'd probably think it was his own. You landed right there in a hero, then you fit in just like a rubber glove. Little, little people. And that kind of leads me to what I really want to talk about today. Last night, I was watching, course, there were a whole bunch of hockey games on there. If you got the package out of small dish, I was watching the Penguin Game against the Kerala and Hurricanes at the Civic Arena in Pittsburgh. And before the game, because Ron Francis, you know, was there with Kerala and with the Hurricanes working out plays and played several stellar years for the Pittsburgh Penn. One's after he played for Hartford for the Wheeler's. And uh, is a fan favorite in Pittsburgh. Okay. Now watch it listen very carefully. Just like when Mark Messier returned with the Vancouver Conox 2, Madison Square Garden in New York the first time to play the Rangers where he had played for years and years, magnificently, and was a fan favorite. And they gave him a standing ovation in New York, Mark Messier. And Ron Francis, not only did they give him a standing ovation, they had a special ceremony before the game last night for Ron Francis. And you're a moriager and Tom Borass, okay, I'm out there with Senator Wife. And they shook hands and they had some kind of award they gave him. And the public investment officer came on there and made a big deal out of it. And they gave him a long standing ovation and a big cheer and Yadiyada. And it was great. And the penguins kicked the rasp for the two. But if any rate. Nice goal there, Marty Stroka. Oh, sorry. Number 19. And then I, you know, I'm watching that and I'm thinking to myself again about that night. Not too long ago, couple of months ago in the macarina. When John Van Beesberg came back here, see, this is all you need to know. And I give myself all fostered and all worried and all psychotic and all crazy. Over something that's, I already know the answer to what's the point. I know some things are hard to accept and I'm one of those people. It's very difficult for me to accept certain things. Like stupidity. But this town is just, what it is. That's right. And I'm not going anywhere. These people, if you don't like it, watch it. I'm going to be here just a little bit less than four years. I would say, let's see, eight days less than four more years. Not that I'm counting when I think, not that I'm looking at the counter and seeing it anywhere the eighth. Because I have a contract because I make a lot of money here because I've invested 23 years here. I'm here, okay, for the duration. But I'm going to tell you something. You know, I think back to that night with Philadelphia. By the way, Van Beesberg, and now that Rimmer's out of town, you're going to have to worry about him doing his propaganda routine because he hates the guy personally. The fact is last night he shot out the whoever to help they play the Islanders pod nothing. His third shot out of the year. And Philadelphia's got like a 12 game on beaten streak now the flyers. In large part thanks to the BZ was playing great again. But regardless of how he's playing now, the fact is he was the fan favorite, not a fan favorite. In fact, he was one of the few names that they knew during the infancy of the Florida Panther franchise, including that glorious year three years ago when he went to the Stanley Cup finals, in large part thanks to his unbelievable play in goal. Come us back in town. They go through the pre-game warmups. They announce the starting lineups and it go for Philadelphia number 34 John Bandbisberg. And now, you know, and I'm expecting a standing-over-expecting something really warm and touching. And, you know, warm and touching. Yeah, that's what you get here. That kind of warm and you know where it's touching. Back to number right. A wet spot, a wet warm spot touching your right behind. And instead of that, you get, you know, a certain amount of hand about 60% of the crowd. Oh, you suck. We hate to, like, find the NBA there. Drop dead. Whatever the hell they were screaming. And at the time that it happened, I was just, I couldn't believe it. And night after night, I go into that place to watch these games. And I'm, I mean, just totaled this belief at the reaction of the majority of the people who are in there. They're a lack of comprehension or understanding of the game itself. The people that they become obsessed with, like Peter Warral, who couldn't play a game with the other gun that was head. And like a couple of years ago, when I was, you know, three years ago, when I was trying to tell how Mark Wanda tremendous player Marty Strocco was, just like, stew barns before that, and Jason Wolley. And, ah, you know what you're talking about. Doug McClain is a genius. Yeah, exactly. See him lately around here. No. I mean, it's not really a town where they don't understand that they don't know. They know how hardlly the people who were watching the game instead there. But it's a town where they don't have any appreciation for anybody. Guy's performance miraculously was involved. And on he had his own charitable foundation here for kids. He's a very gracious, I met the guy of the top 04 stereotype. He was, that's been a lot of time with me. Always a good guy when I met him. It's part of the fact that, uh, certain people hated him, like Poison. That's their purrogative. Beezer, Beezer, that was the one chant you heard regularly for five solid years in the old arena down there in Miami comes back to town and they practically booze as off the ice and then we had that one goh who the one guy I've put him I did who called you know a few days before that. Oh, I didn't like the way he left here as if he left here With a bug up his answers if he was the one that said well go to hell and of course it was the other way around How was it possible for so many losers to be crammed into one area? I mean is that what this is all about this place This is loserville. It's that it's changing the name of the county and changing the name of this They should have just called this loserville USA Which I guess if you know if lumps me in that category. I guess I'll I'll confess to it Okay, I must be a loser because I'm here surrounded by a loserville mentality It's pathetic You look at the way in any it's like all the traveling that I do when I talk about going out of town and getting on an elevator And a hotel here strangers. Hey good morning. How are you? You know and just just friendly nice people as opposed to this incessant air of hospitality and paranoia and suspicion and nonstop Some fire and whatever else goes on here and I go on here and I talk about these things and I'm a bad guy See because I said because I tell the truth That makes me a son of a bitch Because I have the audacity to point these things out and not just sit back into go along with a goddamn game plan I'm sorry. I'm just This isn't the way life is I keep telling you that this isn't part of the real world This hostile banana boat mentality that exists here. This isn't the way the real world operates Virginia And maybe there isn't really a Santa Claus out there, but there are some nice people and you know We have some nice people here But we have an awful lot of dummies out there. We got a lot of people who just they know which side is up They don't have any idea what they're talking about That's why when they listen to these colors on this station on the sports shows 20 hours a day You hear nonstop stupidity people that haven't got any idea what they're talking about So whether it's politics whether it's sports you name the topic you pick it out This just is a bizarre you know that bumper sticker that came up for the years ago Miami the rules are different here. Boy you can sure say that again The rules are different here from any place in the supposedly civilized world. It's just this bizarre And I come on here and I ask people were explain this to me. Do they do it? Oh the take on the challenge? Can they explain to me the difference? No, can they explain to me like that episode about John Van Beesbrook How all of a sudden the guy that they were sucking his ass for five years and he comes back in there's like thousands of people bullying him Can they explain that no why? Why not in other words if you have an opinion like to think with Robin Williams I explain why I don't like him Okay because you have the share same stick over and over again Sure, if you don't like well whatever it is Whatever the thing is with the way these people behave It's like when I ask that one day about Peter were well why the obsession why this fanatical obsession those fans had with Peter were well And I know that the majority of Peter the 19,000 people were the night before the arena were there with me did one I I went for four thousand hours begging one of them to call and tell me what the attraction was there Did I get one response no because they can't tell me what it is They themselves don't know what it is Except here's a big boom that beats up on everybody and therefore they think that makes a player and they don't know too many of the guys anyway God, I'm embarrassed for this place. I really am I'm humiliated and embarrassed and degraded because this town is there even the palm trees This are better the foliage and it no seriously the foliage deserves better The landscape the natural environment deserves better than what this place has been infested with over the years 560550 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Let's see if we get some response here today. Thanks, oh no Where do you find you? Shambi Where do you got it? Sports radio 560 8L 4 5 With the holiday approaching and your entire family coming over to visit you need to be ready Oh man Uncle George, thank you. That was me. That was your sister. That's a George. I was not I actually think it was your grandmother kids when grandma lets one go everyone knows It's not the light to make a big Z-O-Rit but how are you to know sorry grandma well with the all new old far You can just mount the old fart apparatus in the family room and when grandma rips one the old fart will blink Ever so slightly just enough so that grandma can't see it but everyone else knows oh How much more pie? Is it idea they grandma the embarrassment and kick up the old fart today is that a mother hummer pie from Denny's by inching 1031 at 560 WDK by the way speaking about it far. I wasn't going to mention this on here because Adam from our sales department's a really great guy But I go down the hall this morning about oh, I don't know nine thirty take a leak and there's Adam coming out of the men's toilet down there down the end of the hall And ordinarily Adam's pretty friendly is a good guy. I like him. He likes me. I think well He doesn't anymore now But in anybody can be kind of like nervously out of the men's room and when I open up the door I realized why okay She ourselves departments under a lot of stress they have this reorganization going on for the foreign with time Obviously they're under a lot Stress you know what happens? You have a lot of stress that produces extra amounts of wow So he left behind in there. I mean wow So we have an open line in day one in Broward 560 560 on the mobile one line We have a somebody fastest the review of the movie patch Adams starring Robin Williams the review by Roger Ebert no less and he rips it a major major Right, it's what he does he says he's at the end of it. He says I have nothing against sentiment But it must be earned patch Adams is quackery He rips this thing and ask in fact he says this is a role Robin Williams was born to play in fact He was born playing it which bears out exactly what I've said. He's always on he's always doing that same silly stick He's always he never stops doing that same thing with a funny no it just he gets on my nerves if you like him great He needs your help believing Here's Kendall hello Hello new yes I do enough okay quicks fireport to see 48 hours off I guess I saw the Hannibal like to yes You saw yeah, okay. I have nothing mentioned it But I thought I didn't mention it, but I saw it. I saw him say it works the lotion in the basket Yeah, definitely and then you say eight is never Some father me and a nice Yeah, I saw it it was great nothing though is You find notice those killings and the late 70s were done FMMFU Oh, was it? Yeah, I think Michigan State. Why was it worth that? I didn't see the whole thing I said about the last 40 minutes Yeah, all four killings were girls from Michigan State. How do you like that? That's what he went to school. I think I criminal just probably from Abbott Hall, no doubt exactly. Okay, I think Yeah, he rubbed lines patch atoms is more Okay, thanks. How's many doing by the way? We have two open lines and date one at Broward 560560 and Pont560 animal one line. Yeah, that guy yesterday I mean if you like robber the Williams finally you don't have to say you mama okay Jesus God just hostile and psychotic it all bent out of shape there and again That's that's the way this town is they're pissed off about everything God damn leaf falls from the tree and they hit so many ass. Oh, Jesus and life sucks and everything is bad Here's a mobile in coconut creek hello Hey, no, you finally got me to talk about what a crap town this is yeah, what's down it is is the same town of boot damn arena What a wrestling mattress with his family same you know I've been there like Seattle and Denver towns Or you know you're in a sports town with billboards everywhere of L.A. and yeah, I'm going to speak a couple of ways We'll hear another Mariners in other class to get example the guys give a what is it 15 years now? Fantastic play it as town what are the greatest in the game? Sure hall of favor and the people there every you listen to the sports shows every single it oh Danny sucks you the statue. We just yeah I don't even know why the people like him stay here. Why they show any loyalty? Okay, get in the phone. Thank you Okay, we have an open line in Broward to and date 56705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line So I shouldn't take it personally the fact that I have to work like a son of a bitch You're be just to get the phones a little up and get some people to talk to me the fact that they even listen and then we get any numbers on here on a regular basis That and itself is a major miracle after all these years And I'm sure that nobody else out there has a small vision watch that the ceremony before the penguin game last night with Ron Francis or has any ID who the hell he is But the fact is there's an example of fans who have got class Okay, if people who understand a game will appreciate a great performance who want to show the way they feel about somebody As opposed to the kind of crap that we see here and I don't know what the difference is, but I see a tremendous a Startling difference between the ambiance and the attitudes in the old Miami arena from those first five years as to the social club that we got now in the new National Carrectal Center here in sunrise A tremendous difference. I mean a lot of the people are the same there must be a lot of people who are not the same though Because they're attitude and they're understanding of the game and they're they're attitude toward the the players and so on Just totally different than what it was in the old joint Here's Bokeh hello Oh, yes, sir. Hey, I was calling I called in the early day at the end of the show Talk about why everyone's turned about we're all so I three have called me a plenty time talk this time And what it is is everyone wants something to cheer about they're upset that these are less because of you secure for them What do they mean they're upset what that these are left and how come what you can't have to have to crowd boot him? I'm not upset with the mice the love of mice still go to see him play. I like to see him play and I'm not sure how you feel like I don't I are we speaking in the news they're upset that he left that's exactly why they're He left because they didn't offer I wasn't real I wasn't building. I'm just telling you why they were And people want something to cheer about that doesn't make any sense It's a more fight to make a little more of any sense. We get more fights than we score goals Thank you for the fight. Thank you. Thank you very much Mommy Mommy Oh God God please tell me please tell me this is like a bad dream like in once upon a time in America It was obviously a very long dream and he woke up at the end of the way just like a bad Bad dream Wasn't it okay, but got 700 open lines here this morning here. We go again waiting to hear the Unators with you know we have an opening on the cedar five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line This last guy yeah, we have plenty of time for that call don't wait no, oh what what was he saying? Here's Kendall hello Yes, sir. How you doing okay? I've traveled around a lot too because I go to Tom and whatnot and And I see the difference like between people and one rail I say hello to you stuff like that. You gotta remember that I mean Miami the company Many different kinds of people live here. I mean you have so many there are you know something that's the biggest cop out no matter where I go I've got a status in just a minute you go to Toronto They've got Zidians the Chinese people they got Zidians the Pakistan people they got every kind of Americans and Canadians And it doesn't make any difference to very friendly they're very polite They're not shooting each other but down here. There's also about a conflict and also There's a conflict you know like everybody's against the base down what based on your race based on where you live based on your right Why Hello, why why I don't know why that's just okay. Thank you We have an open line in Broward all 400 in date five six seven and I'm not something I just I give up yesterday I came close to giving up. I'm just gonna play Donald Buck music with next to three hours and 21 minutes I keep bringing up things that are absolutely legitimate that are real that I know that I'm not making up that I'm not paranoid about I have light life experiences and I come on here and I raise legitimate questions and I sit down expecting You have a conversation with thinking and living and breathing people that was my first mistake and does it happen? No, I Just had two calls back to back if you put together the the best of both of those calls you still have nothing Nothing See this is another and this guy he hasn't been anywhere because this is a myth all what you know See this is a multi cultural community like that's unusual Like in New York there aren't like millions of people at all different kinds of ethnic backgrounds or when Chicago or LA or any big city anywhere in the world Like that's something that's only indigenous to Miami so therefore you can't expect it to be like a real place 560 560 560 p.m. 560 on a mobile one line 21 till 11 at 560 QAM Friday I Never see came Zimmer all Greeks I know that it will hurt if friends I just hope that when a view I People say it's up with me, but the chewer leaves me see That's why I want to see guys I get it in a red show I want to say this private place, so never up to see it's safe We'll lose out of this button, if you can't keep playing ground, stop bun And I'll say it's safe, I'm safe I would like to do a man in fact, if I need Where I'll be safe there, I know it's not up, please Where I'll be alone, so come on be there, baby The opportunity that I'm looking for, the word is flat This town has no class, it's a class you got myself, I'll tell you Certainly there's no class, the people have no class, they're the way to behave, it's classless Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello Hi, Nio, how are you doing? I was a former Philadelphia about three and a half years ago in a huge hockey fan I think the biggest difference to see down here is that you have an asshole for an owner That only cares about how much money he's making every second I don't know how much money he has to pay for the fans What is that? What is that? The fans relate to John Van B's book, he doesn't know even modify the players and have time to put in moi and to break whatever he wants and put him in the air He doesn't She doesn't have money, he don't have money and simply He doesn't have money, he doesn't have money or that Swead-worg, he won't have money, he was a good boy He doesn't have money or that baseball He doesn't have money, he has money, he says ThatSpecial Night Special Recognition Some Spanish National Hospital and something that was about $40 in Atlanta that it just and then go for the you know if you're from any other sports market in the world, I would you have an argument put coming from Philadelphia, the home of the worst the most vindictive and hateful sports fans in the world. You have very little credibility, they boot my Schmidt right off the field. Very common in the laser. The first month when B'sa was having a few bad games, they were ripening in the newspapers, they were booing them off the ice up there. So to try to tell me the fully sports fans are reach sports fans at last. That's what I'm saying it on. What I'm saying is that food out your sports fans are actually brutal when it comes to the current player, their expectations are far above what you'd be expected. However, when those players retire unfortunately, is the time they have a different rate on a head-day tire and they've trained them way well. Unfortunately, they should do the same on their plan. Okay, like I said, two buddies from Filly. We have an open line in Broward 560560 and Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. And you see it's easy when you don't know anything about the game, it's easy for them to manipulate public opinion. The spokesman and the organization, it's easy for them to do it because they're dealing with people or like sports or literators. So to make the band beat book the scapegoat for example, I went and he left there. Oh yeah, he was all the problems in him. Of course, now we're almost halfway through this season. He's not here anymore and we still got a mediocre team. That's under 500 and this isn't going to make the playoffs very unlikely. So can we blame him anymore? No. But let's blame him because he was a bad guy. Okay, I mean, I'm sorry. I'm just not buying it. You can blame Wayne Hypinger for a lot of things but blaming him for the attitude and the behavior of the fans. I don't think so. Here's Kendall, hello. Is it me? What is it? Hello? Yes sir. Oh, me, we have been here. I've been a long time in this. And I want to agree with you. I have a comment in a question. I used to live in Toronto right five years ago. Yes. And I must have理ered you that it's a class that you come here to Miami. Yeah. And I wanted to know how did you ever get attacked? I've looked onto Toronto. How did I ever want? Get attacked at Toronto. Start at the Portland, need to leave. Because I lived in Rochester. That was like a right across the lake. I see. Okay, leave that we'll go to London. Okay, God bless you sir. Leafs are not last night by the way. We don't want to talk about that. You can't win every day. Can you? No. Okay, they'll be alright. We have an open line of day one and a broad. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. On the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Great. Did I have that theory about the new arena? I've only been there once this year. Yeah. And I noticed the same thing you did. When I was a season ticket holder for three years. And my theory is that that has the newer arena. The old one had all these like young enthusiastic. The Julios coming up from Canville on the metro. Well, I used to ride the metro out of the games. And it was filled with like real fans of all talking hockey on the transit. I didn't see too many Julios meal the arena. I mean maybe I was in a wrong section. I didn't see them. I'm telling you that we're everywhere. You probably didn't notice one in their Miami. Yeah. But I mean they were like young guys. Like from Newam and from Canville. We used to ride on the train. I think. Townsend young people in the New Arena. I mean the median agent. There is very low by some of my standards. I think the difference is now you've got these like dead heads. Like what people look at the heatcapes. You've got these like rich people. They're okay. Now let's up here. We don't want to go down there. So now we waited till it came to us. We've got all this money. You know, we can just buy tickets because it's like the new thing to do. And then they sit there and like they're just there. You know, because it's like an event. They don't even know anything about hockey. Well, that that part is for sure. There's no question about that. They don't have a stay haven't got any. Not only don't they know anything about it. They don't want to learn anything because they're not paying any attention. This is the thing I still don't understand. How can there not work? 20,000 people jammed in a building and the overwhelming majority of them haven't got any God damn interest in what they're supposedly paid to go in there and see. I don't get it. They don't want to learn. They're there for the event. They don't care what's there. I'm telling you, it was the circus. They wouldn't know any better. But I, but you've got to be right there. They've got to be a whole different breed. I mean, there are a lot of carryovers from the older we know obviously. But there've got to be thousands of additional people who weren't in the old place. Well, they're aren't. And those are these people. I mean, to be bull and bend beesburg. And I see them have a great ceremony for Ron Francis last night there in Pittsburgh. And the messy thing in New York and anywhere else where there's sports where there's anything somebody comes back. You show a little class, a little appreciation. You know, what's the game starts? Okay, we're going to beat your brains out. But before the game, okay, we show a little something. This town just doesn't have it in them. And you just can't compare the things that happened here with anywhere else anyway. I'm so happy when direct TV like forgets to black out the other feeds. The other night. Oh, yeah, the last two nights. Yeah. I turned it on. I didn't hear a whim where I went all the time. I thought I can watch the game. Well, let's blame Denise Potman. Okay, remember. Okay, I did. I think you're back. Well, whatever. I think that's my theory. I mean, I wanted the ones that was shut out. I don't go to the games anymore because I can't, you know, forward to go anymore. I can't afford to bring my family. Oh, I'll not play any one. I'm telling you, it's more enjoyable. Nobody standing up in front of you. I hope in your house while you're trying to watch the TV. And the little dish makes, makes go into the games almost ridiculous. Yeah. I love it. I can flip between all the different games. You know, instead of just having to watch us think. And, you know, again, to think that I'm the only one out of these 19 or 20s. And of course, it's not the same 19,000. So there's probably like 50,000 people when you count to different ones that are coming from game to game. And I'm the only one that cares that you can't see the red light when a goal is scored. I'm sorry. Well, what's the point? What's the point? Even going there if they're not going to make the things fan friendly. And if you don't know what that was going on. I'm sorry. I just don't understand it. I don't think they care personally. They don't. Well, and if you can talk to them, you think that they would care. And they still don't care. I know. Well, what is the little guy like us have to say? Exactly. Well, good luck, Neil. And back to you. We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Now, I'm serious. How to get a gift. If it's no more than a hospital, I get my lawyer on the phone. And I'd sue their ass. sue their ass for being a fan on friendly. And for the malfunction of all the technical stuff and they're including the school lights and the escalator. And every other damn thing that we're paying for. It would be one thing if he put up the money himself and both the damn thing himself, like at least Harrison did with the American Airlines Center. But the guy then community builds this guy at $200 million dollars. And everything is still screwed up. Including this one guy, the one co-coose did. And do these people care? These goofballs over there. They're going to have it a party. Well, they're having 20, 30 grand beers on hand over fist one after another. So you have to have the 15th beer. It doesn't make any difference what's going on out there. Because you see, it's not a red light. It's just stars. I'm seeing, well, it looks like a red light to me. We saw a lot of red lights going on. After about the 43rd beer, here's some of your aisles. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing Jeff Steiner? Are you bringing a kosher water? Oh, yeah. Happy to help you, New Year. Oh, hey. Anyway, I want to tell you about the news casino that we've opened next to the Rascal House in beautiful sunny Isles. That we've opened. That's correct. My family is open. I can see another first one of my enviobes. Well, let me ask you, you know, it's not a casino. No, let me explain to you what it is. Now, let me sit in. Okay, it's a scene. We have 150 reals. How many of your kosher water you brought me? You didn't open up a real casino. We know that. Well, now, if I got out of that, does this, listen, you come into the place. There's 150 flop machines, video poker, blackjack, and roulette. You put the tokens in the machine, the tokens come out of the machine. You're reading the tokens for television. It was an awesome number. It was an awesome number. Yeah. Nice jewelry, beautiful prizes. Got to be 18 years and older. But the gimmick is the gimmick is the gimmick is. If you don't want to take one of our beautiful prizes, get a voucher. Now, you bring the voucher down to our beautiful new cruise ship with real casinos on it. And once we get out three miles, leave a limit. Right. Great. Okay, good luck, Jeff. Open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and Tom 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I mean, when the guy that owns the joy of saying, well, what the real scam is is this in that, yeah. Unbelievable. Well, I guess that kosher water business didn't work out too good. No. Here's Pomp and O'Hillow. You know, let's go back a few years ago, the first playoff game that they played the box of ruins. Yes. That place was buzzing. Everybody had their jerseys on. That was the real thing. Yeah. You go to this place. And it's like everybody's wearing polo shirts. They got their hair stuck back. I never saw somebody sell your phones in my whole life. Right. Exactly. The clock doesn't work right. The horn goes off. And then they don't care. Nobody cares. I'm the only one who gets stuck out of the car. We don't care. What? When a guy calls a goal, panthers goal, the sound system is distorting. It doesn't have enough ball. It doesn't have enough ball. It's most of the time. Here's your first one. Oh, Dr. Goon. Or your third one. Yeah, then nobody cares. Except me. I'm the only one that gives a crap. And I have to look for the red light because sometimes we can't even tell if the puck goes in and they're not. You can't see the red light. Not on one end or the other for where I sit. Either one. Either one. Oh, alright. How do I feel better? Somebody scored worse than I am. And the guy that sits behind me. Yeah. These two guys are three guys that sit behind me. And these guys are always talking about computers. And it was one night. I think they're playing Phoenix. And we got our asses kicked. They were scoring goal after goal. And they scored another goal. And I heard the guy looked up and he got. Oh. Did we score? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. It's amazing. And you don't see people wearing shirts like you did down there. Yeah. Jersey's all over the place. I don't see you. I don't see you. I don't see you. There's a few. A few. I got my leafs jacket on anyway. Well. That's fine. All right. Well, that's it. Okay. Good luck to us. Okay, I'll see in the occasion in the macarina. We have an open line in the day one in Broward 560505060 on a mobile one line. Very, very sad. That's why they don't care whether they're walking around in front of your or holding their kids up in here because they assume that just like them, you don't give a crap about seeing what's going on out there. And the fact that they got all those little cars chewing up the ice and that makes the event a mockery and that guys are falling down and twisting their ankles and getting serious warning injuries because the ice is unplayable. They don't care about these things. And see, baldly, capitalize on that. He understands that. So that's why they're peddling more and more and more refreshments and hey, go buy this and we got that nice, throwing air, go buy all your pants and paraphernalia when you're first walking there because we want your money. That's all we know you don't care about what's going on in there because if you did, you wouldn't put up with that what they've done. In fact, to be honest with you, what they've done to this organization isn't really all that far from what was known about the baseball team. What was their name? I don't want to mention because I'm very gestional mention that I talked about the Marlins on him. And by the way, Barry, we can talk about the Marlins all we want. We just can't talk about the lawsuit or matters directly related to it. You understand that, Barry? No, I didn't think so. In fact, Barry sitting there right now going, man, me, man, me. Oh yeah, if you ever met this guy, you wouldn't believe it. Keep in mind, you walked up to me at an airport in Toronto. He ended with like two inches away from my face. You know me? And I thought to myself, Jesus God, I hope not. I said no. I'm Barry Jackson, and you're right a lot of what you say about me. Now, now what kind of a person? What kind of self-respect could anybody have to walk up to you and say, you're right, and a lot of things you say about me? Like I'm a chubby little puddle-biking jackass who knows nothing. Well, those were the things you meant, Barry, that I was right about? Oh, yeah, that's what I thought. 1057 and 560WQM. But me, though, Roger show, now on 560WQAF, Miami Fort Lauderdale. Buffalo, blows, and soda, the bill. For the people who brought you the homey network for kids, comes a brand new network for adults, Nickelodeon. Nickelodeon, Nickelodeon brings you quality adult programming, like Clarissa Shaves All, and Rug Birds, and programs for the alternative lifestyle. It shows like two angry jubbles, and my brother in me, not to mention Blockbuster movies, like three men on a look lady. Call your cable company today and tell them you want Nickelodeon. It's the only channel exclusively for adults. It's 11.01 and 560WQM. What do we got? What's that? Oh, yeah. Oh, geez. Help the time there, right here. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I can do the books to Richard and then we got, what time is it? The zombie game. 930, because they're way up there in Vancouver, against the connox. Who was that that did that, the promo? Was that Rex? I don't know. Let's call him off for the game tonight. Or he says the Vancouver connox. Only a shnook card. Only a avis. Who? Carter Davis. Oh, Carter Davis sounds like a dumb guy to me. Only a real dumb guy would say connox. Only a shnook says connox. But anyway, we're playing the connox tonight. 930, we got the pregame tonight clocked again. The Panthers, remember them? And the Vancouver connox. Here's Perine. Hello. Yes, sir. You're not doing this. Okay. This and have a question. Speaking of the Panthers here. The rumor has a bit, they're interested in sending Adjo and Akski to Long Island, to Islanders being exchanged for a defenseman's chance. I heard anything about that. Would you hear that? Oh, CNN, I see. Yeah, never heard that. I don't like Scotland, I wouldn't do it. I don't like it either. But where does that trade go? What does that accomplish? That's what I'm asking. I mean, where are they going to get out? They had a chance to get Yani Nino for Adjo and Akski last year. What would that trade accomplish? I mean, I mean, you know, and they also say that they want to get rid of got it to the Voraque. Actually, before they wanted to exchange them, I think. Yeah, for Stoo Barnes and I couldn't happen. Yeah. And also, on the line, they were still playing for Pittsburgh every day. And he's out there, you know, winning face-offs and playing pretty good. And the Strock is playing great. And they're winning every day. The Panthers now. I remember when Strocko was with us, he wasn't doing much, but you can tell that he was just ready to explode offensively with his. He was a great player. He was a tremendous player. Every shift that he went out there. And like I told him before, Doug McCleain was a hard ass didn't like him. You see, this organization has been a channel from the beginning because they had that one lucky period of two months, three years ago. And they made it to the Santa Cup finals. People thought that they knew what that was going on. The Murray boys and Doug McCleain and the succession of a BM and TM and all the other movements. They haven't, uh, it's been in the scandalous what they've done. Mistake after mistake after mistake. But again, when you win a town where most people don't have any idea what it's all about, you can get away with that maybe. And when you're in a town where people want to come and smooth and socialize, and there's the excitement of a great, uh, new building located in the super area there. See, I'll give another example of what, what's wrong with this town. So these, these, Strocko saw grass right there by the macarina saw grass. Now I'll grant you. Yeah, the parking is very inconvenient. You have to park usually 50 million miles away from the mall itself. But that, I live two minutes driving time from the saw grass mall. And I'll watch them build it from my backyard. And I don't hate going to the saw grass just because it's tough to park and you have to walk a long way to get in there. I can handle that even a mile far like me need to exercise. But it's going inside that I find very distasteful because it's like walking into a foreign country. And when I left the county when I moved out of a candle years ago and I moved to Broward County, I thought I was leaving that kind of, uh, environment. But now here I am out there way out there in plantation acres on the border of sunrise, no less and I walk into the saw grass and those mall. And I hear a cafe in a state where I'm in a foreign country. I don't mind feeling like I'm in a foreign country because I've got on a plane. It's better to go to a foreign country. All right. But when I'm in the backyard of my home and I'm walking into a place, which is supposed to be this big, which I don't even know what it's all about. And they're all about that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, and I'm thinking, who are these people and where do they come from? And what are they doing here? And that's really why don't go there. So it's a, it's a, this bull crap about well, it's a multicultural, okay, whatever you say. Here's Delray B. Chilla. In your life, you doing the picture? This is, uh, can you don't look at them, guys? From Christmas Eve. Yes. Oh, yeah. Great. Do you enjoy that, uh, any way? Any ways? The cigar I gave it. The one? The cigar. Oh, yeah. I thought you meant the restaurant. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, that was first first. Well, that, I was, listen to you about the, um, the Panthers. One thing that I hate about the fans is that, uh, they're not hockey fans. They're just Panther fans. Like, you know, me, we like to be co-watched pretty much any hockey game, but, um, Yeah. I'll go to watch the Panthers and make, which is why we're not learning anything about the sport No matter how long we've had them here, they're not learning anything about it. And which is why they don't care about them putting the out of town scores up there, because they don't care that they're even any other games going on. And what's, what does I think, me? Um, also with the, uh, the players, and, you know, I'm like, you know, sister Rally, which I wish was back and, you know, I feel better again. And the fans are in the net and we're trying to rebound. And nobody takes a chance. Well, I can't, I can't, with all the respect. I don't want to, I don't want to blow the whole audience off here. Okay, because they're, they can't talk hockey. They can't discuss the pros and the cons and the ins. They're not capable of doing that. Okay. So forget about that. I'm, I'm talking today about the way the fans behave, the people in this area behave, the lack of class, the lack of gratitude, whether it's Dan Arena, whether it's John Van, these books, whether it's Reg Reed, no matter who the hell it is. There's just a lack of, uh, they, they don't, uh, I think there's generations, no consideration. Exactly. They don't appreciate anything. That's a real shame. They don't just want to, to want to understand hockey. They're going there. No, no, they, if this, no matter what it is, they just don't care. They have no feeling, no appreciation. Somebody can bust their gut for these people and they still don't give a crap. What do you, you've done for me in the last five minutes? That's all they want to know. Nothing, right? Absolutely. Okay. Well, I hope Remor gave you a big tip, can I? I know. Okay. Good luck. Don't make them a thick again. Yeah. Remor, the lack of the great tip or says to me, Oh, I don't have change. I want to save this 10 for the limo driver. Anybody ever heard given a limo driver or a $10. You know, oh, my god, Remor. No wonder we can't afford to have, uh, any more hair stuck in there, huh? I'm going to have to get him a trade deal with Charles Alphayiri. We have an open line in date, five six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, on the AT&T wireless line. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Uh, the first time I called, since you switched radio stations. Valley. Then a while. Yeah, I just haven't had the time. I still listen. Right. I don't know if I had the time to call and I was off today. So I figured out what the heck. First of all, happy new year to you and George. And the same user. Um, I noticed you were talking about earlier about the route in the down here and I, I have to completely agree. I, I noticed, it doesn't matter what I'm doing. I noticed that if you know, when you go into a convenience store, what have you maybe hold the door open for the person behind you. I always do. They walk right past you like they expected. Yeah. These young, snooty little girls are, you know, the older for the next person and so forth and so on to be. Yeah. To be nice and polite. And it's funny you were mentioning. Absolutely. Hold it open like for young guys, you know. Right. Well, whatever. But, you know, you, you were funny. You mentioned the cell phones at the arena. Yeah. Now, these are the same people. I can't count on my hands and feet. How many times I've almost gotten damn near till about on the road. Because somebody was holding the conversation that was way more important to what was at the heart of her driving. And I'm like, wasn't there a law pass the certain time of the day that you had to be told over if you were using one of those things? You think a cell phone in a car? Right. No. No. I could have for it was. Oh, well, my mistake. Well, the best you enjoyed. I thought, okay, we'll talk to you next year. Okay. What do you say? We have an open line in date one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,<|th|> 5, 60 on the AT&T, Wileless Blender. There was a law pass that if you in the car, why are you driving? You got the real serious problem. 8 minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WQAM. Well, I noticed that my conversation yesterday got some real immediate results in here. Didn't it? Well, hey, let's know. We have patient now. Okay. Things will look. Oh, oh, oh, there's place. There's place. There's place. There's place. The old raiders got. He's a wonderful gentleman. Pad of nature, we have started. Like others, you have a way to treat him off the stool. He's winning lots of rage to save it. And the coveted women have very rare heart with no heart to stay. Just getting on board and duck. Boys are the rainbow. We can sit in that car. Why man after March? The friend is the same. The man who stands for the bridle. When they find out he's face is stricken. Watch him race way. I found the board yesterday. Jordan and G. Who's there? Jordan and G. Where? Yeah. You know the race track. Lefty kids are through there. As the biggest band club. Hey, sucks. Just like all who's bro. The band's number four can something. There's been many lights in the hall. Just racing out there. All we can do is make sure that the band is wearing red on. There's more people. When they find out he's face is stricken. Watch his face away. I found the board yesterday. Jordan and G. Where? You. Jordan and G. You're just so bad. It's the road. It's the road. It's the road. Even now. It's one of the four things. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. It's five. And one in Palm Beach. And one in the Narendra. And one in Naples. If you own any dogs. Here's plantation. Hello. It's pushed to the ocean. The basket. Do you do a neo? OK sir. I got to tell you. If I put this is obnoxious. New Yorker named Don Sherwood. You know who this sounds like to me? Sounds like they're guy with the eyes. OK. OK. OK. We have two open lines in date. And we are two in priority. I mean, you know, the fact that I'm tolerating you for a while doesn't mean I want you to call the show. I mean, you know, the fact that we've made a little bit of peace. And on your own, kipper, you find it before me to get yourself a life. That's good. But please, don't call the show. I mean, you know, maybe once or twice a year, what I'm in a really good mood, which isn't today. Look at that. Two calls left on the board here. 5.670560. On the AT&T Wireless One. What do you think about that game tomorrow? Here's your candle. Hello. Hello. Neal. Yes. Happy quimza. I got a big boss. He loves the lotion in the basket. And we go to the arena. We got these people behind us. They're complaining about the whole game. The lady said, what was that? I said, lady, was a shot on gold that trying to change. Let's shut her up. So we discussed. Super fans down here. OK. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neal. How's it going? I'm having a day here. Same view, sir. I'll give you my scoop on what's happening. I go to about, I only can afford six games this year. I used to sit in the first row of the upper deck, which were, you know, putting these in these. And I switched, you know, with a group of people down to the lower level. But do you have you noticed the lower levels? I can two tiers. Yeah. You know, there's like the first nice. I have several tiers. They're easily flowing from my cheeks by the middle of the screen. I don't know what you're doing. Exactly. Because the people in front of me are like jumping up and down like waffles stills. And popping their babies up and down like a jack in the boxes. I'm going to cross from you. So I'm going to look for that next game I go to. Most of you better not see it. I am. Yeah, exactly. I should have the second tier of the lower level. I'm pulling away from the ice now. And I was a virtual of the upper deck. Mm-hmm. Which is kind of, you know, it's not too good. But the problem is is that at 57 bucks a ticket. I think you're going to have a lot more people sharing tickets. And you're going to get non-hockey fads. Yeah. Well, that's why we've got. And imagine the both games I've been to this year. I went to the Vancouver game and the Calgary. I'm going to tell you. I forgot to tell the story on the air. Okay. The last game, which is unfortunate that these people actually move this. It turned out because then the people will be 18 little babies wound up showing up. Before the game, a couple of old cochers older than I am. We're meeting in their 60s. They show off. And instead down in front of me and they turn around the alawi. And then the usher finally comes down. They had told the usher to get this that they were friends of mine. And they wanted to come and sit there for a walk. This is after the practice is all over just a few minutes before the game is starting. Do these people belong in those seats? No. Do they have any? Do they belong in that section? No. Tell me. I never saw these people in my lifetime. Okay. And they come and they got the hoods. But they sit down there in front of their friends and he'll Rogers. Okay. I guess they're not going to message them to the states. They're going to go through. I'll look across and I'll see about, you know, I can see you sitting over there with John. But it's just the games are for me. It's impossible to get all the way back to 10 dolmen. You know, from work and get up there. So I took a few games possible. And the atmosphere is not the same. The atmosphere is grow. You know, well, the best way to put it is grow. And the stupidity and the aberrant behavior of these so-called fans. I'm telling you, it's nauseating to me. It makes me sick to my stomach. It's taken the joy. I mean, forget, look, if you're a fan that came to play good, I mean, I knew going in. It was going to be a mediocre year. We don't have a lot of talent. You can deal with that if you're real fan. So I'm not expecting much. But the ambiance of being in the middle of a bunch of people that got any idea what school and on our paying no attention are cheering at the wrong times. Don't care about the fact that they can't see the goal. I just, I see a lot of fish out of water in this place. You know, at the older arena, I used to go to about 20 games a year. I paid for 10 as it seemed to get older and I would scalp. And I got into both family cup final games without tickets. You know, I stopped them outside. Yeah. Which goes to show you the discount is not a sports pound. You know, if you can go, now you're in. That's kind of middle with you in the scalp tickets. And I'm currently in the Toronto, I'll want you to want that. Really, they'll go for a moment. And then, when you look at the painters, they had to write on the cusp. But becoming a great team. No, they were not going to go there. I'll never want to cut you wrong. They were never on the cusp of becoming a great team. No, they had a couple. They were good players. They were a decent team that got hot for a couple of months. They were not in the cusp of becoming a great team. You're, you're, you're hallucinating sir. You think if they could have got a couple play a great day. Okay. We have an open line of day and one had browned. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call from Vegas. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I'm telling you, Vegas is all you said it would be. And then some, yes. But how's everything in Miami? It's the same man. It's the same. We're still shooting everybody inside. But anyway, the weather is here real nice. I mean, Vegas is awesome. Yeah. I want to thank you for just, uh, my team Vegas so many times. Well, because we're living in breathing place where you're encouraged to have a great time. And where you do have a great time. And we're most of the people are under the age of 100. And where people are got a real friendly attitude where you get tremendous service. People are so friendly. Right. I mean, it is great. I just want to thank you and I miss you and I'll be seeing you next week. Okay. Well, listen, whatever you want, keep me in mind. Thank you. Okay. Go like, on your brains out. There you go. There's the difference, man. In just a few seconds for it. There's a guy in Vegas sounds like a happy camper. And I'm sitting here begging as you. You'll try and this is not an unreasonable discussion. This is not an unreasonable question. But I saw something on television last night that, uh, forget about whether was a hockey game or what had happened to me. But just brings questions to mind about why the attitudes here are so different. It's a very legitimate question. And the fact that people don't want to discuss it speaks for itself. Speak for itself. Looney tunes, please, man. That's what this is. It's a looney tunes place. They're jamming them and that God damn arena. Like the sagras, the party cars all the way out to the goddamn street. You're slapping, you're slapping, you walk inside. And, uh, where am I? You're doing like a James Stockdale there. Who am I? And where am I? And what is it that's going on in here? And what are they giving away? And what put in a boat that all these people just come off of? Do you ever go in there? Ever go in the sagras? Yeah, sure. And where did they come from? I don't know, South America. Yeah. Why? Because it's a big mall. Where did they live? Where did they stay? Where did they sleep at night? To your backyard? Oh. Oh. Oh. Two minutes, uh, what is it? Twenty-one minutes after you're living. We have two open lines of what I started to say in date. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, and pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's your field beach, hello. I know where to spice up the show today. I think January, how about an all-elves day? Uh-huh. Like you had about three weeks ago. Uh-huh. I think it would work. How about a bunch of people that have something to say? How would that be? Which obviously you don't. We have an open line in brown, how to spice up the show today. Uh-huh. Another, another jackass. Go back to New York. Like I said, every time you call with the same style attitude. Okay, loser. loser. It's granted on your forehead with a big L loser. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, six. Two open lines in date, one at brown. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. New Hawaii. Okay, sir. Perfect show. You're doing great. Sorry, I'm going to work all of. Can I throw a planable fast pass? You made this show down a plan. Plan. I don't mind waiting a long time to talk to you. Of course, I didn't wait a long time this time, but three minutes and 52 seconds. Very nice. Unbelievable, right. But like my package, I don't have a whole lot of myths. But if I wait and you're in his ring, I don't get filled for the ballmon. Hold, I don't hold for all day for you. But, you know, for a hold, and we're two and up, or a minute. Well, if you call 930,000, then you're in prime. Yeah, but I got a sprint. I don't, you know, get the deal either way. You're on a mobile insurance. Yeah, so I just said if it's ringing, I know I know George, but I asked. Well, let's come up. What do you mean it's ringing up the minutes? When I've paying for it? No, I'm like on the sprint. So, you know, you just not mobile one or any other. That, which is a great sponsor and everything. Well, what number do you dial when you call in? I can dial anyone because sprint covers all software. But I don't know. I don't know. But can you call the pound five, 50? It doesn't work? No, so I'm saying it's the right. I'm just ringing. I wouldn't be charged for until you pick up the pound. How are we going to be psychic? How do we know that I know? I know. You go cut. What made me think of it? See what you're suggesting is if we had like a separate line for people like that. You're not proud of the area. But I know. Are you getting, I mean, are you selling against the person? That would make it like our general manager was just down here like 50 minutes ago. What couldn't wait the extra 30 seconds, I guess, the stick has had an indoor. And like I said, everything, but I've asked, you know, this guy wanted to know what it is that they could do for us to help with the show and everything I asked. Oh, they run away because of my custom money. So, you know, it's been a while. So, where are you going? You got to get your own facial, you hand-read. Yeah, right. I'm going to get your eye on you. Stop. I have a, I'm going to make it too much. I thought it was a lady. Okay, Bill's right. That's what I'm going to do. If any sense, not going to happen. Bill Murray, Thomas, Thomas, previously drunk and in the, in the, in the, in the, he rated now they're straight and they're not, not funny anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Common down, common down, but they're, uh, second corporate seats. Corporate seats in the, at the older, and who went to the, to the hockeyants, only people that were die hard hockey fans today. You want to go downtown, get shot, mugged, etc. Yeah. Right. Now they have $500 next to seats to sell. The salesman have to go out to court court positions to sell these, uh, seats and tickets were jacked up. So the city. And the, the, the, the spy reports I'm getting is that is an up in the club seats and so on. In fact, you'll notice it looks like there's nobody in there during most of the games. But they're actually out there, but they're back and watching the TV, having some other drinks having a gang bang in the back. They're up in there, but they have no interest whatsoever. Now that crosses over the dolphin games too. You got, you got corporations by season tickets for all 10 games or how many of them. But when play off roll around, they don't buy those playoff games, right? Yeah. Yeah. We got the season tickets. They don't think about, you know, buying, you know, that's why we're so short on playoff. You know, you can't sell it to season or playoff games because the corporations are the ones that have actually brought them based on the way. You're right, but the last, you know, the way it was. Last thing is, what is an Edward James? Okay. We have an open line in, uh, Broward and the one in date. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the 18. This guy wants us to put in the separate line for that call. Okay. Are you ready for that? Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Speak to me. Mobile in Bokeh. Yes. Can you speak? Yes, deal. It's breaking off. But I really want to tell you, I've got a spiral port on both Rimmer and Goldie. I work the pants of games. Yeah. So I'm back stage where all the media people are. And I hear a river defending himself as to how many meals he's bought and paid for for his friends. Never bought one in his life. Well, he claims he says, that's a bad rap I got off. I've got plenty of meals. You guys can't keep staying at that. Never bought a meal in his life. And that's taken in itself. The second is a guilty who, he's in the back and we're all doing a shoe with, uh, and he's talking real quietly too. I can't remember. The guy he doesn't show with. But Randy Mueller and he's ripping his own shell. He's ripping, uh, the other two, you know, Joe Rosen. And the first game talking about how horrible the pre-game shows are and everything else. And it was just funny. I thought, you know, because he's saying it behind everybody's back. He's ripping his own shell. But anyway, I go to the hockey games only, you know, to work. I never would, I can't even begin to afford a ticket for those things. Yeah. And I agree with you. 100% I go up and, you know, I sneak around while the game's going on. I don't have to do anything. And all those people do is smooth and go everything else with those games. It's, uh, totally, you're 100% correct. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Tell me if you think so once released a bit on us, do you? Anyway, we have an open line in day one and proud. Remember bought a meal. But as the, uh, line of the century, remember bought a meal. This guy's doing a guy with good Dutch tree in McDonald's. Five, except my aunt. Five, six, seven, five, six, the and pump five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's Friday. You best, good. If you're ready for life, watch the show everyone's talking about. Are you talking about me? Because it's just plain mean. And it's story time. It's just on the show. Make you laugh. If you can understand what he says. There's a man named Dan for his guy to go to play in the can. Just like that. Well, the plan was to use the plans of the family, rather than the land plan. The plan was to put all the boxes of the bread with another man. It's classic coffee. Oh, man, the bread. And the whole room. With his own income, breath. And the whole room. And I've wanted them to see some free boxes on the man's way. I forgot what that's you bet. That's a door. And the bank doesn't offer that service. The only sign on the window is the one that we're looking at. And one is you can follow his story. You can follow the last with Cosby's story time. The show is cool. It's a lot of 31 and 5. 50 WCOM. So who's more annoying? Robin Williams or Bill Cosby? I would say definitely Bill Cosby. Anyway, here's the fact that this in regards to the beeswired. We're about the classlessness of the fans. Boing beeswinter when he returned to Florida's member of the flyers. My first talk to you was at Madison Square Garden when the range is a traded Eddie Jackham to the Detroit Regwings. It was a great game that ended one of the Red Wings. And when it finished the fans gave Jackham in a 20 minute standing Ovation yelling Eddie. Which of course is where bees were came from. By the way, Jackham came out twice before on course. Love the second time crying from the emotion you got by the fans. How do you like that? Not here. Here it's. Booyosuck. Your mama. We have an open line in days five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight. And yet these are the same people that when we have that penguin game going here a couple of weeks ago. And when we have that kind of thing that comes to third period here is two barns carrying the pocket across the panter blue line. They're going to stoo stoo. Yeah, and I'm I'm thinking what? He plays for the penguins now. He don't play for us in stoo. Yeah, it's like it's like Pavlov's dog who's like on acid. You know, he's given the wrong reaction to Bella's ring and he's like instead of instead of wagging his tail and the refrigerator, the bell rings and he's like squirting on a floor. You don't know, you don't supposed to do that fight off. Yeah, they're reacting to certain symbols and signals, but the reactions are the wrong ones. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. My name is part of the National Car rental Center. Isn't even the fact that we had to pay two hundred fifty dollars for just two people to go to have a go to the game park and have a meal. Yes. It's the fact that after we pay for the arena and we pay that ridiculous amount. You still claim to be a small market team. I don't understand that. Then you know, they don't get Peter Nettvets because they don't get great. Okay, we have all the deadlines open. Five six seven, five sixty and five sixty on the AT. We are not talking hockey talk. Okay. We're talking arena talk. We're talking fan talk. We're talking soft Florida talk about the way these people behave down here. We're not talking hockey. I can't blow the whole off. You want to talk that. I'll give you a rumors number in Vancouver. Okay. Five six seven, five sixty and pump five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Got all mighty. Did these people listen? No. I understand what it is that I'm talking about. No. Here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. I know you're arena and cancer, but I got a problem. You can help me with. Yeah. I got to read my wife of her. Who wished to and bubble my cease. I know you're the man to talk to. I'm a DNA man all the way and I cannot convince her. Okay. Well, dump the bitch. That was simple. Took like two seconds. We have an open line in the Broward all three and day five six seven six six and pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Are you done? Okay. I'll be getting tomorrow. I don't think we got a chance. Okay. Okay. One line left and then we can play the carpenters again. George kind of liked that song. I started out with yesterday. We didn't get too far into it because all of a sudden that kind of like sperm these people on little bit. Five six seven. Oh five six and pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Again, the South Florida audience continues shocking the living. Autamy. I'll tell you. It's a good thing that I'm full of because they never stopped. Just shocking the. Autamy system. Here's a mobile in Tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Macarena Horror Story. Yeah. Last day my went to Ottawa. Set section one twelve which is kind of like that second tier of lower ball. Nobody in front of me right on the railing. I was loving life because the one person in front of me was like. When a cameraman, which wasn't in the way of anything. About ten minutes through the first period. These two ladies are talking to the cameraman trying to get him to pan across the arena and get her kids on the screen. I'm telling them to get out of the way. They're not listening. I'm calling to the usher. He couldn't care less. And all and in a sense where the goal was right to the right. So they were doing in the camera was there too. So they were right in the way. And in terms of a family of four two adults who kids who sit directly behind us. Yeah. They were Spanish had no clue to the hockey games. Every time they got close to the goal the lady would let out the show. The hype is to scream. And the father was like, you exactly. And you're been alive. You've been alive. You've been alive. Once. There's a thing called a show. And he kept yelling that out or something. I don't know what the score means or shoot in Spanish. And the kids were done for not shows all over my shoulders. I had a whole meal. It was. Needless to say a very. They were great seats. Yeah. But the notches were free though. What do you complain about? Yeah. Good point. Like I said, the seats were great. Yeah. The surrounding company was horrendous. Fortunately, I got the ticket game. Yeah. What's your great game? We have an open line in Brartwell, set him with the song rest. Then he'll wish he was back in the macabre. Now open line at Brartwell 3 and date 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a Davy. Hello. I'm on a wrong line. Like I said, here's Davy. Hello. Yes. Do you have any wonder, Margaret's last? Uh-huh. Listen, Neil. I love you. But I have to point out something hypocritical. You said yesterday. Yes. It's okay for a radio talent when they need to. When they negotiate a contract to get as much money as they possibly can. Right? So how come those schwuggies from the NBA can't get as much money? Also, in other words, let me say it. Let me say it for the 4 million time. Okay. Number one, it doesn't cost you a dime to listen to their show. That's number one. Number two, if I make in 10 or 15 or 18 million dollars a year, and I'm whining about money, I don't expect anybody out there in radio land or in NBA land or in the real world to be sympathetic to me. Do you understand the difference? Yeah, but why, why hope the Nickier thing gets more money? See, they're hammered the players. And, but in the meantime, the, I mean, how ridiculous is it, okay? The players are making ridiculous amounts of money in addition to which the players for the most part are people who can barely spell their god damn name, who are in our particular would be a compliment, okay? I'm not arguing that point. Yeah, so what is the point? The point is, it's a free market. Yeah. You and for them. But let me say it again. It costs you nothing, not a penny to listen to the show. And every time the players have to get paid more money, they have to build more new arenas and more new stadiums and it costs you more to have to go see them play. That's the difference. Nobody's forced to need to go there. Nobody forces me to listen to you. And let me say it again. The price of the show is free. We have an open line in the Broward, all three and day. See, they don't want to hear that. In addition to which I'm not making that kind of money, you can assume I'm making whatever kind of money you want to assume I'm making, which I'm not. But you can believe anything you want. But the amount of money I'm making is got in no way relative to people listening to the show enjoying the show, hating the show or anything else about it. And maybe you're not the one that's going, but I guarantee you they damn well expect everybody to be packing these arenas in these stadiums to subsidize this garbage. That's the difference. 21-24 noon at 5.60 WQA. Oh God deal. New from time lifeless music. It's the senatra compilation that carries the cup of tignette. Oh, time with me. Let's die the die away. I sure could use some stock cup of goods because I'll be dead any day. Come die with me. Let's die. Let's die away. Don't miss out on the last collection of hits from all blue eyes before the maggots get to him. Start digging a hole. To die a die any day. I'll be a cool cadaver a new corpse and call. Frank Sinatra's greatest hits the final chapter. Yes the chairman of the board with a fond final farewell. Reager mortist. I'll be still for that next week. Bye. Boomers at the under-chain. The day I've gone to meet my maker. The war have credit card ready and call 1-800 cadaver. That's 1-800 cadaver. Order today before it's too late. 16 till noon at 5. 16 WQM boy charged this adult and 6 years rape. The older one the 15 year old the 13 of course has to be charged as a juvenile. 15 year old boy will be a prosecuted as an adult. It's been charged with one kind of sexual battery on a child and one kind of indecent assault. Oh yeah Jerry Springer made him go. An interesting part of it is they said this has been going on for years. They didn't tell us how many years. But Jerry Springer has been doing what he's doing now. He's been doing this for years. Most. Maybe three maybe three but I don't think so. We have three open lines a day which is all of 5-670560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T warless line. There's a mobile and dear field hello. Yes sir. I'd like to agree with you that people in South Florida suck. And I've been here in my childhood town. I'm a way to work. And the wind on the coach's also about five hours now. And I'd just like to call a couple of guys each bag. Okay good. Okay we have an open line as Broward and all three and date 5-670560 on the AT&T warless line. Here's Del Rey Beach hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi you know enjoy the show. I'm a diabetic but I'm called a brittle diabetic. I have to cause a child that many things like that. I had my pancreas most of the mood for this. Manford. For my questions I'm taking two kinds of insulin. Yeah 70 30 in the end. And why are you asking why are you calling me about this? No just saying because insulin. Why would you add what do I know about insulin? I don't take insulin or I think about it. Call a doctor. He might give you an answer. My charge of course. We have an open line at Broward and all three and date 5-670560 and pump 5-660 on the. Oh my god. AT&T wireless line. I just had to do that. I just had the I've felt the need to do that. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning. Good morning sir. How are you? Okay. I was watching the Toronto Maple Leafs game. Well, did you pick the real was I didn't even watch it was horrendous. Well, it was a hard way. I was in Ducy. No was not. It was a piece of crap game. Unfortunately we let him get another rebound on the winning. Sir. Let me say again. Was it very bad game. But anyway moving word long. Well, as I think they're going to do very well to share. Yeah. We're going to go hopefully very far. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line at Broward one in date 5-670560 and pump 560 on the. AT&T wireless line. Here's a Davy. Hello. Yes sir. I know what you take is on the jury's bring your connection to that right. My take is that it's the same as Ronnie Zamora and all day and I know that they dragged out Ellis Rubin again on a local lose last night. It's a bunch of bull crap. Okay. I was there's no 15 year old kid that doesn't know the difference between right and wrong raping somebody. Okay. There is nobody 15 years old that doesn't know it's wrong to rap your sister. Half sister, quarter sister, brother and law. That's not just another excuse. I mean, I always somebody else is fall. I hear you and it's mostly come from this detective right? They're all came from here. You say the kid said it. So that makes it news I guess. Well, the kid said it. Yeah. Okay. But here's the thing I don't get the detectives used to give them in the cops seem to give them as much credence. They're so into you. You know, they need no the media is giving a credence by bringing on all these psychologists and sociologists and they're talking about the kids that lay down in the street after they saw that movie. You know, there is any kid 15 years old or 14 years old or 13 years old. It doesn't know that it's wrong to rap anybody. Okay. I agree with you. Paul мой point too. And trahl doorpark trash. Robin Tayloraları, Stevenson Swift coach who was the чисner of eventually a little added one case. The other person. Have you seen some Walt Disney say he wanted Michelle. Yeah. Happy to see your point. So celebrate my wish. Seaint Blair used a net. And that's probably seen a net yesterday. The public stop still running out We have two open lines in Broward one in date, five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the ATT wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, there. Okay. I just wrote a good lesson to the gentleman who caught their complaining about the NBA players making the let them make whatever they really want. Yeah. Guys, they're in the same game and he's complaining, oh, who cares? I don't go to the game. Well, he watches him for free on TV. Okay. And I love these people. I keep bringing up his Domic in ten and fifteen million dollars a year, which I'm not in addition to which he didn't want to hear. It doesn't cost him a penny to listen to the show. But the fans who want to subsidize sporting events, they're the ones that have to keep paying his bigger and bigger ticket prices for guys that are already making millions of dollars. Anybody who can't understand a difference needs a lobotomy. Okay. Okay. Okay. We have two open lines in date one in Broward. Is this incredible or what? I hate this radio station five six seven five sixty and five sixty and five sixty on the 18 and T. wire of swine. It's a maggot magnet. Every sports nerd that ever crawled out from under a rock. They're just sitting out there waiting. Okay. People that have no lives whatsoever. I bring up a great topic here today based on something I saw last night that pointed out very clear that the difference between people and they living in breeding place and here, which it is not a living in breeding place. It is a dying place. A place where dead people and banana boat people. And I'm sure that I couldn't possibly be the only one who sees the difference. And yet is there any kind of meaningful dialogue going on here today? No. No. No. We hear about we know sure which we had a better a different set around a mimey heat like I give two crafts. I don't even get one crafts. About the heat. Okay. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 7. 6. 7. 7. 5. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 8. 8. 7. 5. 7. a gentleman on regarding a book on the abuse of the four-for-chure laws by the government I don't have any gentleman on about the book yes you did no I did not talk about it oh it didn't even have a lawst writes by James Bovar you are a heard okay thank you very much okay you can wait two late I think it was already on it you've heard that before abuser we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line there's a mobile in a pepper time cello so one of the I have a solution to the co-founder of the hockey arena and the and yeah this way you know most you think that when there's about what we know anything they just want your money don't you understand sir well how much how much do you have to know to show a little bit of class and gratitude to somebody that's played here for five years nobody wants to respond of that question I brought it up the day after what happened here which is a couple of months ago after that flyers gave did anybody respond then they're responding now they can't respond to it they can't give me an answer is to why you're blue a guy that played great here that was the big hero here for five years and it comes back here and at least half of maybe not 60 percent of the maybe it was the same 80 percent who don't know anything maybe those were the people that were born is that possible could be would know the bazaar if he if he uh... stuff the puck deep inside their record there was no who it is is that possible god just by osmosis just by walking around a breathing fresh air you have to absorb something don't you know have to absorb a little bit about something about life what nobody whether it's politics whether it's sports whether it's the news paper whether it's uh... iliana gross late and whatever it is just by being alive or even if you don't want to you have to absorb something don't you know here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir i don't want to support so far just to an empty right now it's about whatever it is you want to talk about interesting talk about it if not though we hope you have a nice weekend yes okay we don't get about sports i'm not talking about sports i'm talking about people people people all right living and breathing god damn people all right i got a question for you and then this is something my favorite talk about later but i don't know the answer has to ask you what you think about the difference between female models and male models getting jobs you think there's like the same thing going on it happens for female does you you we have an open line in date five six seven oh five six yes to all getting bang yes five six seven oh five six the impound five fifty on the eighteen two wireless line do that did i just make the case right there ladies and gentlemen let's pack up our suitcase case closed let's go home let's have a couple of beers and celebrate just made my case right there for you okay here's a mobile in i just watch your backside if our user that's my advice here's a mobile in jupiter hello okay sir i'm from North Carolina in a banana for years and the best that i can deduct is that everybody is the state yeah is they feed off of everything there's not no building is the community there's nothing and they just like parasites that feed off of whatever's there and they don't put anything back into what they've got and i think it goes back from it's kind of like a renters mentality and you don't have ownership of a place and you're just here visiting or you're here illegally or you're here is somebody who is illegal but somehow made it legal but you have no sense of ownership and you don't care and it all goes down to manners also it's not really an a question if you want to go sit there quiet watch the game or at least your respective i don't have to be quiet but get make noise about the things you're supposed to make noise about well and that's the thing you're talking about self-husband you know it's not even that the game is the malls it's an elevator as you said you mean walking in a building and someone holding the door open and it just comes down the manners and nothing you hit the door or now they have a finding those here and classes the other thing when you go to a no class it's not low class it's no class they're just isn't it here no it's a good thing that will come back it is but you do agree that one question you think we've got a win 20 yeah he will we have an open line and they'd want an uh... barber five six seven five sixty pound five sixty of the eighteen two wireless line here's a mobile in sunrise hello mobile in sunrise hello meal yes sir how are you happy to hear the same user first on call a long time listener and it complete agreement with you this is the most pathetic bushley town i've ever experienced of the about seventeen years and i finally making a jail break and head and out of this doctor second place in august and i suggest you do the same what meaning what i do the same what are you going to have a release out for the one of the entire three years in uh... in the about the eleven and a half months and you're going to run away from here as that's possible yes i will not more way off my way i'll get on the plane i'll say buy and see it and that will be and it's not a sportsman in the town i mean it is absolutely pathetic from from the stands for the papers to the media to everything i've never seen such a thing the bigger market such a boss and etc and you can actually think of the sport based and read of these and article right and you can read it column read somebody who write something who's got some perspective on something who knows what they're writing about i i think of the paper this morning in the sun sent me and this jackass michael rooster i think is the one thing about they've gone yet you got into a couple of fights even a little guy and again the night and they've gone yet has been an abortion for the florida panthers this year he's been best and rightfully so one of the few people have been benched in the zirvilly so and this man i watched it in the last game that i'll home game here he has lost it he's got nothing and here's a whole big article there they've gone days new here on out because somebody planted the seed in michael rooster's might again you're dealing with people who know nothing and they write articles in the newspaper vowow p cow kicky open line of grower two and eight five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line you that for kids hanging out together and you're holding their rest TV don't get better the ship just like it late tonight she's he puts the bow you're going to see stand full up his gut if when these around there's stand full in tile and it's talking dirt at least once a week you're thirteen you saidberg what does this Count? can do yes What? I can't. It's just a big deal. What? It's just a big deal. It's just a big deal. It's just a big deal. It's just a big deal. You know, I beat a little better than the little bad better. It's pro-known at 560 WQM. We have an open line in date, 600, and then 560, 550, and then mobile one line. A hangover here at 2 o'clock as always six o'clock, it's the booster. And then ninth inning we got the pre-game tour from Vancouver way. Panthers and a conuxt. Not conuxt, conuxt, conuxt 10 o'clock tonight. Tadak rhymes with schmuck. Here's a lady in, uh, what is it? Lachda Hatchie, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How you doing? Okay. I just wanted to call in the guy who called about the book, Lachda Wright. Yes. He's not gonna find it anywhere, because we searched all through, uh, Brown and Palm Beach County. Oh, I bought it here all about it. Because it is. Oh, I see. But I was able to get it through Amazon.com. Right. And I also got a farewell to God, and it came in within three days. From Amazon.com. Yes. Two excellent books by the way. Yes, they are very good. Hello, you're high as important one hand, while reading the, one of those books and you're here. Thanks, exactly. And, uh, I'd love you, Cheryl, and listen for three years. And we've had to order all of your CDs from your, uh, website, and I'm finally gonna get to hear the bridge tender when they come. Oh, right. If it's a three years and I haven't been able to catch it yet. Well, we're trying to get rid of him. Oh, no. Well, my, I think it to you. Thanks a lot. Bye, bye. Amazon.com. There you go. Excellent choice. We have an open line in, uh, day-one at Broward, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six. I mean, this is not a difficult question. This is not a tough question. There has got to be somebody, just one. I would be so expectant. I would have, I would have all kinds of quivers in my testicles. If there was just one person out there who would really respond to the thing, I brought up today this morning. Ron Francis gets to hear Oswald from in Pittsburgh last night before the game. They have a ceremony. They make a formal announcement, a standing ovation. We love you. They show some clips, Mike Lang Collins and Great Moments. They have a lot of fun Francis and a part of Penguin uniform up on the big screen. They make a big deal about it. Here guy comes back after five years as the hero. Now he's a bum. Oh, we hate you. I hope you die and get a big hemorrhoids. There's got to be somebody out there who can explain to me the mentality. This kind of idiotic, ungrateful, obnoxious, disgusting, this grateful, this spicable, unacceptable, totally subhuman, slime ball behavior. Gotta be one. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, are you doing? Okay. I'm a dresser here, uh, Vembees looks think. Really? I have to. I was there at the fourth person game with a many fans finally showed a little class of plot of the Panthers. Even though they got swept, kicked around. Uh, and then throw it. I'm not going to play off. Yeah, the ambulance came in. Yeah, I've never seen the, everybody stayed in a plot. And I was in the outer part of the plot. I'm both teams. That's right. And they started. I was in outer shock. Yes. Well, man, I was your fan. Yes. The bees are bought as there. Everybody loved them. So let's address another point. Management cut them. Medicine be cut a blue, unfortunately. And then they got turned against them. Or they made the nail, might as people in Miami. Well, really, they made us turn into one. Well, what does that mean? And so, other words, the people you're saying that the people are out that week, and that's stupid. Yes, yes, I am. Yes, I am. I'm saying that people will realize they're a good dancer. Just like the heat players. Just like the people. They're saying, oh, uh, laws of words, you know, you're miling. Well, if you're miling, well, if a lot of them, they can 100 million, what's Mickey Mickey? Let's Mickey Mickey. No, that's not relevant. You don't, you don't, you didn't. What Mickey is making has got nothing to do with how much it costs you to go to see a ball game. Absolutely. But if we're going to pay him, we're going to be the suckers to pay him. And then pay it is shut up. But no one, let's not. Let's not kill the only one that greatest memories in in four to four histories, which was at that for me. They've already killed it. Well, you know, but that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that. You're getting it. If we take this, it's it's it's preposses and the beef is a great goalie. He was a class act. Great game last night, shot out five nothing. Nobody else. There's third shot out of the years of the year for him. Thirty second of his career. He's playing hodders up his team. He's gone 12 games. That'll loss. There is zooming on by everybody. But he's a bad guy. I think they've been listening to God name rumor too much. Yeah, you heard, uh, rumor talking about all those performances of the Beezer and a playoff. They stopped. Yeah, right. Open line in date County 560 50 50 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Cross brings. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, I want to talk about the son sent in hope. But first, I got to tell you after spending many years and other puts in the country working radio and hearing about your show for all those years. Great. So I can say. Uh, the son sent it all. Terms of their writers. You'll love what people suck up here, right? I'm talking about the son sent. Let's might have to throw. Okay. Well, I end the show is green. I know that. Yeah, it is. I'm reading, uh, an ad last on his paper called an outset to chop up epic essay contest. This is an ad sponsored by the son sent it all for an essay contest to journalists. A Reverend grammatical and stellar years. All right. Just our believable. You call these people. All they think is, well, we have a deadline. That's no excuse. Get a proof reader. Get somebody. Which will be the topic of my answer today. Please, you got to understand. We don't have a real newspaper in this time. We have two books, league newspapers and a bush league town. That's what we have. I lived in Vegas. Anybody here, anybody who denies that is deluding themselves. Have you read the, uh, the last day guess review journal? Yes. How's that? I have a right. Huh? That's garbage also. Oh, not a well, little spagus is not a major metropolitan area. It's only, it's only mushroomed up to a million people from an impopulation in last couple of years. Outside of the other times in New York times. Maybe the Washington Post. I don't know if there's any good newspapers left. There are. What up? You require? You like? Philadelphia. Good paper. Detroit Free Press. Don't read that old. Well, I was son. Best paper in North America. Which one? Toronto's son. I'll have to get that. You can sit and respect three hours reading the Toronto son. And if you just want to read the sports section, how in a half? Every day of your life. Can I ask you a question on another topic? Yes, sir. Quickly. I know you spent some years at other talks stations. Did you find that you got more? Intelligent callers on a real pro station as opposed to a sports station? No. No. No. Okay. Have a great day. Have a great day. No, because it's in the same market. I mean, I moved the whole audience over here. Nice going, aren't you? By the way, see, when a jicker wrote that column about renewing the other day, even we liked Mike. He's okay. Never sold a free train. But in order to really be meaningful in the business, you have to be able to move. If you're going to move from one station, they have to be able to move an audience. Did he move his audience over to a while? No. Oh, by the way, why are these going to be broadcasting mad at our games? Ten of them starting January 15. Any interest? No. I just thought I'd mention them. I'm surprised we didn't get them. That's what Greg Reid came down before to tell us that we're going to do the mad at our games. We have an open line at Brower. Five, six, seven, oh, five. Of course, he didn't stick around the afternoon. He had a real perplexed look on his face, too, didn't he? He had kind of liked that. He was scratching his head. I thought the whole was up here. It's moving. Oh, that hole. Here's the open locker. Hello. No, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Quick, sorry for from Monday. You were talking about our written search. And, uh, I mean, virtually had the back thing to get the job back. Yes. Well, um, I get up at a through through every on Tuesday morning. So I heard their entire show. And, uh, first thing I wrote, Riley's plus was about, uh, which you were saying. And he actually admitted that he listened to your show on the way home. Yeah. And, um, he was curious at the how you knew, uh, all that going on. Yeah. Yeah. I saw a tunnel in him to guess. Huh? That's for us to know in him to guess. Yeah. But he did mention it, and, um, but naturally it was, uh, the first thing I was involved at six o'clock when there, there's a signal is, uh, next to nothing and nobody's listening anyway. Yeah. Well, maybe maybe somebody ought to tell him that we might listen to a piece of talk about the stock market. Yeah. I didn't listen to this morning. I will not be listening again. Yeah. Not interested in hearing Rick Riley pontificate about the show's expertise about the stock market. Uh, really? Yeah. I don't care about the stock market. And you didn't listen to anybody also listened to that show. That's right. Yeah. I mean, um, I don't know. I just can't find my stuff to turn to tune to Rick and Suts in the morning for some reason. This is weird. I mean, I, I, I love the guy. Yeah. Right. I, I, I, I, I, I, I wish him all the locking of world, but, uh, better somebody else been us. Okay. How do they say now? Well, what, one of the things? Yes. Something that I thought you would have by now, but apparently, uh, you didn't have book of Brian working on, uh, goodbye, Don Smiley. How about that? Okay. All right. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line of date count. He's five six seven, oh five, six, six, six, six, the animal, one line. Nine minutes passed. No, that's five, six, the WQAN. We love this radio station, man. We love it. No. Yes, we do. Come on. Hey, Jackson Clear. So far. Took a little while to get George's bonus, but, uh, the, the, the, the, that check clear. No. He's hanging on to what just to make sure. Give it a little time to breathe, you know. Holy cow. Aaron's coming. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. What the, this is a dream. That's for me, Jake. What's just in the right. How? I think is why I'm blinded up tonight. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. What the, this brings you to the human race. All right, you're a smuck. I think over sucks. That we love meat shit also include Rick Riley's butt, but, uh, I think we're gonna get it. I don't know if I'm far in his pain. I can tell. Rick Riley, you're an asshole. But how's the market doing, baby? 1213 at 560 WQA. And that's just, uh, it's just part of an ongoing. I could write a book just about him. Forget about, but, just about Rick. It's called Hardass. Anyway, so, uh, you just had a courtesy flush. Let's hear it for George. First time. It's just part of an ongoing. I could write a book just about him. Forget about, but, just about Rick. It's called Hardass. Anyway, so, uh, you just had a courtesy flush. Let's hear it for George. First time in his life, he had a walk out of the toilet to take a leak. And whoever was in there doing a serious business flushed the toilet there. The kind of flush away, of course, I don't know if that works real well. It, I don't think that, uh, well, got that. But it on the plane, huh? Better than not, at least the, uh, the gesture was nice. The gesture was nice. Of course, the role might still be lingering from whatever was, uh, in their only moments to go, but nevertheless, at least the effort was there. Thank you. On behalf of George. Maybe, uh, maybe Adam should have done a little extra courtesy flush. And then we out of there this morning, boy. No wonder he looked so well, piglet. And if sales department's under a lot of pressure, ladies and gentlemen. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Right, show. Get me through the day. Uh-huh. I need your question. First of all, um, does anybody use air freshener in your joy? Yeah, no. Yeah, no. Maybe. The answer, your question that you've been waiting for. Hello. If you could, one of the other crowd gets over here from the Sheridan Street building. Because I know certain people are going to be bringing their own cans of life's solace. That'll be good. I'm sure. Um, long story short, people stuck Neil. Uh, there's no, like the Sheridan, you had a call or earlier mentioned something about manners. There's no more values anymore. Well, what does that mean? Nobody cares. Why is that here? Why is it that I don't encounter that any place else that I go? Why is it here? Well, it's just more down here than it is anywhere else. Why? I don't know. There's too much ignorance. I don't know. Yeah. But, uh, it anyway, uh, great show. Okay, thank you so much. Okay, we have an open line in Broward, 560, 560, Tom. They don't have the answer. Maybe that's why. What's wrong with me? Am I some kind of a moron? No. Am I some kind of a jackass? Uh, but that doesn't necessarily make me a moron. Am I some kind of a dummy? There, guy, I am here right. Okay, I just keep beating myself in the head with it. I just keep picking up that goddamn pin roller. That pin, uh, thing, pin cushion and sticking it over and over and over and over and just beat myself on the head with the same goddamn baseball bat. I mean, how do I expect the people that are so dumb to behave the way that they're doing to call me and explain it away? When I'm sure that they don't even realize they would they're in denial anyway? I'm the one that's you odd man out. I'm the one that's sitting there trying to watch a game. I'm the one that appreciates when somebody puts out a good effort. And I'm paying buck to subsidize it or whatever, which I was by the way, most of those years. Here's a mobile in Hailea. Hello. Yeah, hello, Neil. Yes sir. I'd like to answer a question also about the difference between the reaction and the run fan system kind of fits for a game. What we would have, not even Florida. Well, in Miami, I'm from Pittsburgh. I can honestly say you got a lot of hard working, gotten a little appreciative and you just need to see that work yourself. It appreciates somebody who goes out every night. There's a lot of work in the practice. Here's at a hundred and ten percent effort to accomplish a team effort and give the fans what they want. Yeah. Not here. Everybody expects it. They think they should have it. They don't know what it's like to work hard for it. They demand it. They're going out and learning. So they don't recognize that type of effort and work because then to play or a goalie, accomplish profession. That's my take on it. Okay. What do you think? I think, cabaret, we can. We have an open line in Broward and date where ever the hell of it is somewhere on this goddamn phone the board of ours. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. This beef jerky is very good. By the way, I'm sure it's not good for you though. Uh, eating a lot of this is a good for you. Probably not. A lot of nitrates. I've got a lot of preservatives and it's very expensive, by the way. It is what five bucks for five bucks. A little bag in log rings for this bridge food, natural style beef jerky, solid slices of smoked beef. Maybe that's why I'm acting so jerky today. The market in more jerky than usual today. No, I didn't think so. Got very little carbohydrates, but let's see what the ingredients are. Beef. Uh, she's this Christ. Have you read the ingredient on this? No. Beef, water. So far so good. Brown sugar, white sugar, salt, flavoring, MSG, sodium, Eritrobate. What? MSG. And sodium nitrate just to cap it off. If you didn't get cancer from the first couple of ingredients there, a little sodium nitrate preservative there, just to make sure at the end. Jesus Christ. I'm not going to eat that crap. Five bucks a bag for a bag of chemicals, meat soaked in chemicals. Nice going here while green. Oh. No, don't blame them. They didn't make it. They're just making money off it from suckers like us. Yeah, walked in this morning, Georgia. Also, we must be on the same wavelength. The bag of that crap last night. I went to all greens, butter bag of that. Oh, God. Splung in, which were even worse than pretty sure. They are. I do like it. But at least they taste good. Oh, do like slung in. This stuff. This stuff, it just, you know, something in your cementing your mouth. We have an open line of day count. He 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in coconut creak. Hello there. Yes sir. We better repeat me. Same with cookies. You're right. Absolutely right. At least they taste good anyway. That's very good point. I'm a stereotype on what you were talking about. The treatment is a B's right all. Yeah. Down here. I like it. Originally from New York. I've been out of there 26 years. But I call it the New York factor. A lot of people down here from New York. And they only remember the short term. They don't know what they just do for me today. Well, wait a minute. How about the point is how about when Messier came back to New York? And he's playing for Vancouver now. And they give him a standing ovation and a big ceremony. And the very emotional thing. And he scored a goal. And they gave him a big cheer for that. And those people are just in hockey. No. Okay. I'm talking just in general. People from New York don't appreciate anything. They don't appreciate it. It's like whatever you done for me today. But this is not what you do. But it's exactly the same thing. This is a guy who not only used to play here. But also played in New York for the Rangers used to play here. And it was everybody to own including the Yorkers and the non-New Yorkers when he was here. And he comes back and instead of getting a Messier like reception or a front Francis like reception. A very at least half. I'd say 60%. Give me a gigantic course of booze and obscenities. And are screaming and pooping and carrying on. Because they really think they really don't understand the game in addition to being on not just New Yorkers. But you're not going to make any sense. Have a great day, sir. Have a great life. This keeps repeating the same thing over and over again. It's not on New York thing. If it was a New York thing, they wouldn't be doing the Messier thing up there and all the other stuff. It just makes no sense. We got plenty of obnoxious New Yorkers that came down here. But don't blame them for everything. Okay. Open line a date, 567 05 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's my NB, Chelo. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm on my birthday. Yeah, happy birthday. Thank you. All right, so I get to have you birthday. Well, you're well, but I'm stalling. I think about two seconds, man. Just relax. I'm 30. Black off a little bit. We're 30. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Like a Bernie Guesswood say. I just got a Bernie. I just got a Bernie. I'm going to be police. Yeah. Get to give me a ticket. Congratulations. And he probably in the oyster charge. Right. I started a sandwich shop and he was there for like a minute. Yeah. And he just pulled up a home. I guess you've won a make it to 31. You won't be doing that again. I said, hey, I said, I'm taking it to go. You know, I'm doing it three seconds. You could take this to go. You know what I did? Yeah. I ate it there. Anyway. Thank God. It's a Larry Flint. I hope you still want a good job. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. I'm going to be doing it. Okay. Have a great day. Pond up this. The weed is the pot working that AC and then we're a quick pot of up and see if it's. You're not even on the right channel. He's watching some of those. I'm going to be. Forget about songs that beat. One during the test to be prepared. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. We will look at it at the time. And those you didn't want to. We weren't. Look at those who are trying to come up with a tech representative. And they all looked at it in terms of the institution. And Jeff, I just heard what you said. There is a. Of every possibility that partisanship and raise a tug we had again is possibility that could be acrimony and difficult is. But we got off on the right for what. I thought that's why I started this. Somebody got on that. Score. Thank you. Appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. I appreciate. But they have made the income so much money. Throw back the bike and take them back and they take it back and I good peer back then. Like they ordered me dying. Like they took me back and I thought again that we would buy you now. They are so great. And they did get a discount and nothing can happen. They are terrible. Take, they are getting yellow, did you get them put? They just want to put up. So and we are going to have someRedLion. pressing and pressing on like a hey where we're letting us and you know you know we don't stop a lynching in the middle man nobody ever lynched Bob never stopped doing it in the middle here's Miami hello Miami hello New York yes sir yeah I'm sticking higher to your badmout than four to fans on five sixty yeah this is our only sports network in the whole state I'm five sixty how about if I do it on five seventy how's that yeah just show it out to your ass okay moron this is with this is a network yeah on our network yeah two open lines and now this is the sports nerd network two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and palm five sixty on a mobile one I'm so at a fan that's an oxy moron sir in your case without the oxy here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello yes sir it's my time to get off your eye over to this hockey stuff okay this thing I grew up in Florida I don't know that what's about hockey so do I have to be some kind of hockey in for a sorrow how about the last of this how about damn marino how about that okay I like unless for one base but I don't expect everybody sit around me to know everything you're snow that's right let me say again how about damn marino how come they're always ripping and badmout of the human don't appreciate what he's done it it's not just hockey it's not just football it's not just sports the fact is that the people here no matter what it is they got no appreciation for anything we've only had hockey down here for the past few years and we know play hockey hockey this damn marino play hockey sir I'm talking to have blow it out your ass can't even have a conversation because yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's all you know right open line in power five six seven oh five six and the fact is no you don't have to be an expert but the only way you're going to learn anything about it is when you go there watch what's going on and don't sit there in front of everybody space making a full lot of yourself that would help and if not stay home at TV and get a stay home watch it on TV and get drunk we'd appreciate that very much here's sunrise hello oh yes sir okay I can't uh be for damn marino situation but I could tell you the whole thing about damn beef bros yes and you've said it a million this is the easiest question you've ever had the world answer it's only two and a half hours later I'm waiting for an answer the answer is that the organization knows how stupid the fans are and they've planted those articles in the paper yeah like that part of the show yes the hate this guy yeah they had a whole summer to plant hatred in that paper and these people are so stupid they're they'd up that crap in the paper and when they went out to see him when he came in finally with the flyer that was time to boo his ass off show the odds that eight up the prep is that what you're saying absolutely oh maybe they like that that could be it hey the 49ers well okay that's what Steve Young says we have an open line in drower at 567 05 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line he says it with the smile on his post by the way 1225 a QM course you know what he is don't you he's a woman it's Friday you for food it works the notion in the basket it makes it all okay pressure large you're in the what's the most a girl in the basket when the eyeball falls out get works the notion in the basket they didn't have to hold it down it's the notion in the basket it's my dad will get a question of the notion in the basket we'd be rubbing down my ground it's the notion in the basket I have to try to read my skin so far the option in the basket I said I wish my baby my legs I said oh I like to dance around this way is all the knobs quiet there's all these and what you look for like the walker my name is Buffalo Bill much the notion in the basket it works the notion in the basket oh my baby it works the notion in the basket oh much does it go it works the notion in the basket I've got my skin super neglected I'm so gross stop I've been thinking maybe I can't do your feet that I feel a little jerky myself yeah I believe this absolutely you're on a elevated garbage in that stuff 1235 60 WQM but thank you guys I need nothing how about like I said a nice banana split song good open line a day to a Broward County you know the number 567 05 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line here's Miami sure is hello yes sir this is what I think about the fans down here it's a combination of things number one the fans down here since there were no major sports other than the dolphins for many many years and even before that there was nothing a lot of the fans down here they've looked at other fans from other cities and after they become a real fan they've taken like the worst trace of those fans I don't know if they did a study on it well this guy talks about your fans is not a lot of people from New York are not around New York but a lot of good fans knows will fans up there in the point is which is a range of fans by the way some of the best they packed that place every game they know this sport they appreciate a great performance they're great fans right I mean the giant fans are good fans jet fans are real animals but the point of this and the islander fans don't know yes yeah the players they they've taken the in an effort to become part of this frenzy become fans and getting to sports they've taken the wrong aspects of these fans and it's better studying like you said learning a little bit about this for not you know not feces but just you know reading the newspaper maybe watching the games that are talking of the self- already knows paper here done that will be a lot of the problem but they've taken the worth aspects of these fans if not just this the no knowledge I hear today you know people talking about the dolphins are going to win they're going to kill they're going to kill them for I mean they're going up to a place it's going to be 32 degrees yeah they got a mega real a tough time they're all so people saying that they have no chance at all if that's the case why play the game they beat them two weeks ago even though it's going to be up there much stuff nevertheless who the hell knows you know I always love to be in the sports shows and having these people calling it telling us adamantly they know the outcome of the game you know they know that they were so money on the game and they wouldn't you know they'd be like people they know that big money what are calling the sponsors they become their book you got it so you know the point is I'm to say that this is the no real story I used to go to the he games years ago this is gone yeah that's it I used to go to the he games and I just got this bus to go with the game because people want the cell phones they were you know talking the cheap to cheap kids is getting care about the game same thing probably happens with the hockey right there is now so we didn't and we had very little that in the Miami arena but now with this more plastic crowd that we've got a name back to the National Carrexel Center and we got this real real super plastic crowd now that's most of what we got they can they're like proud you know that's how you can and you wait you'll hopefully leave early right a lot of time on a cell phone going on Halloween shoes that up in front of everybody taking ass out of yourself and go home right so you're not you know you're not wrong but it's it's very important it's this hardening it is this morning and you know that that's why you know yeah I love that so I mean that it's Pablo talk you know that's you know it's you know it it's closing I am more enduring it right in closing you know you've been a fan of the least years you're honest the least of great you say they're great when they're allowed to you allow me right and if you hear those kinds of people when they call up if they're honest and they say look to the office it's not going to be good to shop but you know but don't understand it's like you know my penis is bigger than yours it's like a high school mentality and so so many of the so-called sports fans that are oh you know the jacksaw that often play or the other way around whatever it is as opposed to being able to objectively discuss it intelligently if you got a mediocre team like the panthers this year I said right in the beginning there are very mediocre team it's unlikely they'll make the playoffs and here we are 36 or seven games later they're a very mediocre team it's highly unlikely they're going to make the playoffs I mean it doesn't mean you're not a fan but at least be honest about it exactly you're in a fourth fan you're honest and you had you still enjoy going to the game right you you're going to have a little bit more help for the best that's all right that's all you could do all right have a great weekend back to you that's all there's finally thank god two hours and thirty minutes and we finally got a call even from the orphan list that made some sense unless you sir there's a guy that made some sense there has some some kind of clue what I'm talking about everything that goes on down here it transit it's this it's from the same route the same garbage you can't complain about the politics down here because there aren't any you got as a handful of old who's the take it over the whole goddamn town indeed and they run the goddamn show and everybody else is in law law land at the busier you know trying to sell her houses fast as possible and then they moved to brown they discover oh we got a little problem here too oh and they go to the saw right all the saw grass who the how are these people huh then they go up to Boko and he go boy here's what we're going to a mobile and high-alia hello sorry all today all these morons from your college health and great everything is up there and everything sucks down here that's all what they say boys and nail it's boys and what okay I can people listen to this crap meaning what you're sure all well let me see what are you listening to what are you listening to I want to listen to you know okay this guy's a psychic he's listening to jazz but you know what we're talking about excellence you're welcome on here's a psychic for you he's not listening but he can tell you every call whatever you want to them said but he's not listening and just while I'm talking he punched the button there all listen I'm listening to jazz so if you're listening to jazz what do you call in here for okay professional mouth content and one New York guy that called in I made a couple of good points there and right away this guy's pissed off because everything in New York must suck I got news for everything in New York was so bad there wouldn't be 12 minute people live in there okay jackass here's Bokeh hello yeah hey Neil give that guy's number out over the year too like he's like the holio yesterday yeah yeah get everybody going home now we're gonna give it we're gonna give it to the people in New York they'll put it on here and then in the subway yeah the guy from New York before made a couple of good points you made a lot of good points yes he did the other take I have on it and I don't know how valued you think this is I find that the suburban arena yeah in general or lacking like even in New York area like the mess or Mosulium right random burn oh well I'm telling you the devil's got maybe the best team well like the demon Dallas they have the two best teams in league and the devils don't draw flies you can go bowling in there oh my company staff tickets and it's really quiet but I mean even now even this year with a great year they're having you can go bowling in that arena when the devils are playing a home game because forget it in fact if the only game I saw that it was packed they were playing the Rangers a couple nights ago and the place was packed because half the fans were Ranger fans but when you have the I think the uh the downtown or city arena for some reason I don't know whether it's because it's less families and more people coming straight from work and maybe getting a little jazzed up before the game stopping a bar I don't know what it is but it seems the city arena is holding a lot more electricity and enthusiasm yeah so I'm gonna go tonight and go see some real hockey to Miami Arena take my kids to the Miami Battle Doris there you go okay found have a great time okay they'll have a great time because there'll be a lot of room and if somebody you know starts messing around funny you go to another section you got your own section which is unfortunate but I could have told I did tell him that in the beginning that I wish them a lot of luck but you know to Miami where we're going here's a Fort Lauderdale hello you all have to agree with you uh the way the fans treated and these were was a disgrace it was a community of disgrace nobody really wrote anything about it nobody on this sports station said anything about it I'm the only one that talks about it and now after seeing the Ron Francis ceremony see and I'll pray to another part of it I don't want to let people off the hook but part of it is the organization not how how could like in Pittsburgh last night we'll look out the way the way the organization in Pittsburgh the Pengle with all our financial problems and all the other things they got under my they still had the common sense and the decency to organize a little ceremony before the game to get the P.A. guy on there and to show something nice for Ron Francis like here some highlights we appreciate but now if they would have done the same thing here before the game you know what I'm saying and brought the bees are over and here's uh you know Scott Melon becomes over and they would have been a nice thing and then you had a standing ovation and then they would have orchestrated even if it was pony a real nice warm thing which would have been a hell of a lot more pleasant but this organization is a bunch of hard asses let me ask you don't you say a lot of ass to do with the loyalty now there is no loyalty to any teams or anything like that I mean you know you you're there a couple years you're gone so yeah I think you know like I said it there was some kind of a base for like you know like Ron Francis you didn't hit the boat from some years yeah and the team's been around for a while here these people you don't know it's it's it's just said it's good but if you could have gone to all those games the first five years every time the guy makes a good save a great save but these bees uh people who are obsessed with him they live they ate they breathe they even right out of the rectum man I mean everything in their body they were well every poor of their body was obsessed with him and the first time he comes back here uh a whole bunch of marbouping and acting like jackass and as well those people that all get in trouble for a game anyway but they're and they'll still wear his jersey to the game yeah that's right you know so what did I know I had the number okay I have a great day sir what am I getting all done out of shape about the same keep restating the obvious over and over I'm gonna turn on jays I'm gonna turn on the TMI here's some classical music because Scott the shorts told me that's the best station in town he told me beyond a shadow about now the GM over there he's an asshole that's what Scott said but other than that he said that places the best guy damn radio station that money can't buy at WTM I see it even rhymes he said there were a bunch of scumbags over there a bunch of pseudo intellectuals of pretend they like Beethoven and Brahms and Bach he said they wouldn't know Bach from Brock's canes what he said but did any rape the nobody said I think that's what he said uh he said that GM over there they wanted to screw them over he's an asshole what he said and Greg Reed came down here and I weren't half ago must have been something desperately important because I was gonna go out of the commercial break did he ever come back? No we're that real scholar looking had that dishevel look again today must have been in some more intensive meetings today about to move or getting the matter doors maybe we lost out to the matter doors on waxy how many that's what he looked all depressed about they don't have they don't have enough sports franchises in the universe to make that man happy that's how sports intensive he is he wants sports on this station 25 hours a day eight days a week hey yo this is Gino and you made up believe it but just a short time ago I was shy and introverted but that was before I got the Joe Pressie what I saw some kind of pussy self-improvement hey I mean I used to let people push me around but now I'm in control of every situation like just yesterday I was online at the bank you know in the past I would have just patiently waited for the manager to put on extra talent but now I have saved myself hey I'm not getting any younger weight in here you know what I mean let's get a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit it would be appreciated but I'm being by the bones I'm in the front of the commercial talent I always wanted to be in the music business you know what I'm saying by using the technique taught in the Joe Pressie what do you some kind of pussy cage I am now the director of the New York Phil harmonic for crying out loud so I gave a copy to my honey Angie tell a people Angel what started with the test yourself in truthment course I was never saying it's in the late afternoon for me to catch him in the second exercise now it's totally different yeah she really gave this bimbo with thing or two you know what I mean hey catch it down I'm talking yeah yeah but I always been a sport yeah I think I'm funny it's something I water what are you some kind of pussy call 1 800 2 2 food that's 1 800 2 2 food and have your being credit card ready I mean it are you laughing to me it's out what I'm here to do 145 so anyway somebody facts is me some they always know better than I do okay they're always real smart they facts me the label from the Tyson D strips that I've been raping about that meaning like crazy and it says good but is this any better and shows the label with only one gram of car per serving and I'm reading the ingredients which have already read the ingredients by the way is there any MSG in it no is there any brown sugar no I mean there's a little bit of weight on the list high for those corn syrup but if there was a lot of it there would certainly be a lot more than what is sugar is one gram which is almost nothing one gram of car is there any sodium nitrite no I mean you listed ingredients on here is a thousand times better than those god damn the herky jerky beef jerky strips so you see Ron Popeel's got a point you're one of those god damn hydrators and make your own god damn jerky all right in fact if you know you really want to make him play real full make your own jerky sauce and then if you have a leftover you can stick it on that's flan make it nice and slippery here's a lady mobile in Miami hello yes man I know I just wanted you to know there is another fan out here in my Miami I follow the dots and the pencils and the East and the Marlin uh huh he and my three friends were faithful we stayed over the end we hear the scenes not we don't move and I agree with everything you're saying about the sand stand here they sometimes make me want to cry exactly it's very sad I'm trying to name your originally and up there they know how to be sand they know how to bull and filly no not silly I used to follow the semi-proverty oh yeah yeah so that's what that's what I'm saying so I pro so there's the minor league the American hockey league heard there's right but I mean back then you know people here no matter what you were back then people were people people stand for sand right okay have a great weekend thank you bye bye what you say we have an open line of day five six seven oh five six she said those Tyson strips a pretty goddamn good and obviously sent a needle uh some births of facts is here trying to give me a song to dance about and then Georgia's telling me you're in the break how much he likes MSG a lot well and get yourself a bottle container that accent because that's all it is is pure MSG I'll eat it by the spoonful now but you will and they'll be dragging your your spick ass right off the floor I'll tell you that right now they probably probably even post accent on his uh cool like cool co-watcher retos right over those things they're what are they? Chicharronis yeah like cool co-watcher Arronis like I said that sounds good yeah Chicharronis loaded with accent which is pure MSG and believe me you don't get MSG headaches because MSG is good for you all over require the likes planet song MSG is good for you and you know whatever that thing goes stick to the bearers good for you reckon forget the stock market report so case we are just a little friendly advice I won't know if you know because I won't be listening well you talk about turning somebody off like in a real hurry I mean just I even listen to the worst thing coming to work this morning how do you like that? Oh hey wow forgot my CDs in the car and I just wasn't moved for the sounds of silence for like the whole 40 minutes so I was to go and it quite interesting this morning until Kelly started talking here is Kendall hello hey Leo how are you great hey how's that rich to it? I have no idea how many other words I'm filming is okay I'll be right there when you call Frank about a year ago I met him and his girlfriend was worked to grow the lady with a blonde hair that's up to her ankles and oh she just drove me nuts man yeah oh wow she but you know he told me because I was throwing cards at time that another fake story about that rich yeah yeah they're actually there another fake story about that rich we have an open line in the day but he's trying so hard to keep making it up it the nervous occur in the throw while he's trying to come up with something it was seem to be you to made the story up before you called okay it would have been a lot better and we're wish that lot less time 5 6 7 0 5 6 the impound 5 6 the animal the one line here's my me be chill out hello new oil okay from Amsterdam it's what it comes from Amsterdam yes oh are you okay go back 16 sales you people are sitting on the terrace drinking and be a kiss drinking one beer they're having spilkies yeah yeah listen that's the guy that's going to be sitting across from me on the plane no no I live here another one okay I live here and I just want to say I'm from home until 16 years I live here I support the team here why would you why would you be from Holland live here did they deport you or something no I'm a great city to live you get the sun you get the beach you got the women or a man whatever you like I mean they go once in a while back to Holland and have some fun in the on the lights it's lying and you know it's a great place to be you can make you know can make good business you I want everything you're entertained I was you imported a lot of drugs is what you're trying to say I know you want to say that I want I was the one I was the one who called I went to Columbia I went there for yeah right exactly this is a guy goes to Columbia goes Amsterdam and speaks a lot of drugs back and he's making a good living nice culture what's wrong with that right anyway I'm a capitalism that's right I said to have a great weekend we have two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty animal will one I said I should believe and I still don't know what it means here's a mobile in four louderdale hello yeah two reason why Florida will never be a sports town yes sir number one number one too many fake want to be go there for a status symbol everybody wants to go to the game and show everybody hey I'm in a panther game I'm important I'm somebody looking here well maybe that's why they like that big screen up there so all look at me you see there I am I'm here that's me that's why did you see me at the game I was the one you know standing up in front of me oh it's three kids right exactly that's reason number one number two there's too much going on in Florida and you know I love the sports is down here but when you talk about New York or Green Day it's called that they got nothing to do during the winter yeah you know there's nothing going on in New York okay excellent call thank you sir that's right never thought about that do you think about that church there's nothing going on in New York we were bored out of our mind yeah okay we have an open line and it's like you know and Vegas that's why they you know don't have all the big sports teams out there they got a little minor league hockey team but there you know there's nothing going on out there five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line oh there's so much going on here isn't there no here's Davey hello hello yes sir hey on what's up Neil how you doing you're talking about all the bad people in South Florida well I got one selected group you haven't grown up how about those you all red next from Davey what we do about them I think we need to get a call tree in a short piece of rope for the rest yeah sure how about that the shoe string that the guy had on 48 hours last night I don't work that work okay go work on it we have an open line in day one and borrowed five six seven that's that's called trying to you know squeeze through on a shoe string and didn't work out for that guy thank god that they got the guy named shoelace man they put this guy away for 20 to 40 years whatever we got max murder they're gonna let him out you know and then we got the cheerful parent oh well you never stole a freight train and we sure he's all reformed and you could tell this by looking at the sky that they were several brick sure and just waiting to come out and but you know what you're up a bunch of up people again I didn't see the first 20 minutes why didn't see the part about they were Michigan State the girls that he killed well I think they should give him like 400 I mean if they would have been an harbor then it would have been different story but in these lands and I said we give him four to six hundred years what we do here's Boca hello and they are you and Hank were right a couple years ago when you said this at Bushley town yeah and I think by the really like twenty three years ago when I said it the first week that I was here yes you guys have said it all along I think one of the reasons that like the visa was treated way he was just that there's a major league town has like sports I'm so I have a call okay major league town as good sports writers and they talk about the sport in here they are trying to create like rivalries and they can drive the rivalries exactly and so what they're doing is that all those articles about the beach and when he left it didn't say hey this is a great guy and the bill and something this is all he was uh it's contract yeah he was the one that stood up all the trouble and he was a bad guy and that's why the team's punk and of course that's why the team's punk how come the team still stinks and he's not here anymore that's what everybody ought to be asking well people that with my and that but the people that read your article field of the leisure suction so they that's why he showed out the arm is last night again that's why he's been his 12 games and all along also as of last night he's 12 undefeated games this last 12 was the first time in his whole career he's been that but the next time I mentioned I told off you which I know you've been there was not your favorite place okay it's your beach here when Pete Rose they they do have the sports writers and they're brutal but they're good right when Pete Rose was with Cincinnati they used to boom when he came to fill in then he got traded there or he can his creation for that billion bucks and after he displayed his all out whenever it was he did after he left and came back again with Cincinnati yeah those people they they shared and they this is what fans are about yeah you have you show your talent you don't listen or like the sports writers you don't pay attention to what they're trying to contrive it's same I think that's the point I think we got to the bottom of it is that we got people that don't know anything about it and so they're very easily manipulated by people who have an agenda who want to well you know try to make other people's gatecoats for their own failures because it's a lot easier when somebody else has gone to blame them then to take the blame yourself and get your aspired like the Murray boys and they'll be out of here it'll be another year or two hopefully just one and they'll be out of here because they both suck we have an open line of day one in Broward 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line here's a mobile in the Gables hello mobile in the Gables yes sir I couldn't care less okay we have two open lines in date 560 and pound 560 on the mobile one in fact I do care I'm very depressed that they're coming back because it was nice and peaceful without it everybody was getting along everybody's having a great time life was a lot more pleasant than that or fact they took a survey and 99% of America said life was much more livable without the NBA so I think that's the answer to your question here's a mobile in North Miami hello yes sir how you doing great your body section 1 28 I have a good time to see yet for one of these nights I'll get down there one of the latest sports have been on view said hurricane game at the Carolina Hurricane game I stood on the aisle in five grand of these for season take it I got a guy in his girlfriend he's been in the U.S. and I know wait a minute the U.S. I mean 128 in the New Arena yeah the guy that's got the small seats in the corner oh no no no they're not that small okay I thought maybe this was the guy that came and complained to me about every damn thing in the arena okay well okay okay he hasn't been down there yet to see him um who's going to go for another that this little of the aisle she's she'll come over and she said he comes to me and asked me to switch seats to it him so he could have my house he's the she could go run into the bathroom yeah you know what I told him no okay thanks for the good story what did he say that you have any idea what he said oh I don't either I think we're probably just a better off we have an open line in Broward all 500 in date or wide open waiting on you five six seven oh five sixty pump I sixty animal one on if we got an any inside an any of this today no have we learned anything have we like shit any light on any of these pressing problems about the social uh any economic difficulties in software no five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the mobile one line profit these seven at five sixty wqa m but heads it's the one to two hour what job to eat and you believe that jerk oh stand in the same a little ten yeah and snap it up people all day maybe it's time of the month and it meets you you know I've been cranky retaining water and look where are these white gloves I know what you mean every twenty eight days I get this in space you're all craving to buy a banjo and a corncarpite yeah well then it looks like they don't even want to do with the and well that down is a lot of the old thing you know we just have one thing to do oh we're just doing a suffering from pre-incial syndrome be where the one is signed if your husband ever comes home with a tan brune or a banjo pick and insist on calling you Mr. Bones hide the shoe polish and call your family doctor immediately oh I tell me that Mr. Bones yes some Mr. Lackson oh well that woman I saw you were glad now oh that was no woman that was martina never to look up no it's not very funny and there is no cure so what it happens to the man in your life try to understand pre-ministral syndrome so when there's time to actually let the treadlock there on CNN and they're going to be starting the impeachment session to start any moment now to send it it'll be starting the session and it came to what agreement on the god-owningers won I just wanted to for last three minutes here to them describing Trent lot is going like and maybe it's all the witnesses and maybe the wealthy witnesses will not be putting this up you will notice that there's a facility that's going to be with this and there are witnesses who are going to be a what are you going to say and if it's too fulacious and she's ticked as you guard and is uh if it in her whatever and that's what they're not going to try to talk about as opposed to think let's just it out let's vote if we don't have 67 senators in favor of either one of the impeachment articles let's just say goodbye go home if you wanted to do a censure thing on top of it we'll do that next week or whatever and then get on with life already they just can't do that because they all feel are so important like god damn renquist there yesterday with a big robe zone with it by the way you notice how they photographed it very carefully so we didn't see the little swastik is in the corners on each elbow you notice that and we only saw the golden uh stuff there on there the golden ribbons or whatever it was on the sleeves didn't see the swastik is on the shoulders would you run quick never met a Nazi he didn't like fascist son of a bitch okay all three deadlines who open five six seven or pop pop pop pop bock candy there for a second something already did by look at it witnesses the time tables of the two plans how much time they wanted to give each side and the order of all of that are in fact they were in great agreement so all they had to worry about was the witnesses and they decided to kind of put that off into a later to left of their person or this to see if the witnesses are necessary now having said that there is in general consensus in fact that um they all kind of know where they're going and yeah how long a hand that how they're going to get there because they thought it would hurt the center that there was a very real sense that they would look bad if they started this out on some kind of a partisan uh steps so what they would look bad okay kilo okay that's all we need to hear the word about what they look bad not whether we do you know what well what is obviously needs to be done but they're concerned about what did they look bad because it continues to be all politics nothing but politics but the center generally less contentious and supposedly more good he do shoot in the house uh as veterans so on so they want to continue giving them a purchase because they haven't got a chime in uh idea of what's going on there here's a lady in four lottery tomorrow well yes ma'am okay my way back to the open and listening to you so and let's far you have a lame audience yes you can say that again they have a stand right show the lame audience they don't understand anything they need an interpreter you understand that explorer isn't an interpreter they just don't know what they don't know any no they're these are consistent they don't know politics they don't know anything well you thought it's saying you're okay okay and you are listening to any time and then you see uh what a deal area well god bless you take any and have a great life you do it's like isn't and get out of here okay we have an open line in Broward to and date i'm all right not too good but i'm okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line Frank says that was going but but but but but but i don't put him on because he is a real nerd he's a real stupid when it looks like Frank says no one's seen and watch out for him man i'm telling you one thing he'd like to pull a switch and putting out the right now you can tell which one i'm not talking about the commentators you know like the pet you can't answer Bob no fact or the liberal guys like Alan Dishwoods i'm talking about these people are supposedly reporters like Frank says no you can tell which ones are like a little bit more moderate and which ones would like a five-bubbers ass in Greece or maybe even in Turkey here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello just a ring i guess the ring just decided they're not going to make a playoff this year i wouldn't saw me as the last night that they sent a stickin and down the miners yeah well maybe they decided they want to make the playoff maybe that's why they did no easy easy he's got a central playoff he sucks is what are you right i agree have a pretty good okay okay there you go here's a guy with no material we have an open line of day one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty maybe they got tired of paying them all that money to skate around like a like moosey okay moosey hey here goes moosey skating around the circles again moosey moosey what was i glad they dumped his ass out of here huh here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello mobile in Fort Lauderdale going once long gone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line is a pig reporting for Lauderdale hello oh nail yes sir well we got a big time fifty four on the starfikes yeah uh in between the sunrise and commercials she got a uh she got her things that up on the tripod and her gun too she's waving her thing yeah yeah and they just they're calling her let's invite alright thank you sir yes sir god bless you there you go four warned is four armed okay watch out for the porcup on the turnpikes tonwized the commercial baby they're uh right in business well let's see if he had to get the January that figures must be because it's getting close to the end of the month where we go and let's do uh this uh and the all of the areas there's Wolfgang blitzer with a baby keep them out there okay keep them out there and a guy damn snow maybe a freeze to death ever seen him in Heinrich similar together no there's a mobile in my amy hello yes sir how are you great it's your old friend moishi moishi moishi pupic yeah from the kitchen 12 oh Jesus oh you guys didn't you guys ever get a life I'm a little bit about ten years man thank god no wonder I'm doing so well I'm all excited about what about talking to you yeah well I always think that answers my question you still haven't found a life yeah but he is how's everything everything is great in fact since you guys left it's been picking up real good oh yeah I haven't seen on the kitchen club lately no I don't even I yeah I'm great I'm gonna hang out there alive I'm sorry to you I don't even like still there is it's still there you would know okay have a great life you know that that group that little little tree from there they created so many problems for me with their bullcraft there that's what precipitated that whole business by the way you do understand that you do realize that yes I do yeah and that great kitchen club which I have I would know the kitchen club from the goddamn store club okay there just happened to be a public parking lot there but all of a sudden these people are listening they're a little antennae's oh he's hanging around his cruising around there was I cruising around here no even over the way the goddamn place was and all of a sudden I hey let's you know you jackass but they did bring my super day and they still are assholes oh two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless I'm afraid to call by the way we're gonna start stalking him now we're gonna like turn it around check ass here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello hi how are you doing okay sir I wanted to talk about how people are rude down here yes reason I believe that you have minutes of cultures down here okay thank you yeah okay we have an open line in the Broward to a date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty okay that's our pull question what's better multiple cultures or multiple orgasms that's our question this hour yeah that's very unique isn't it multiple cultures no no it's not okay go to a real video okay go to any real city in the world lots of multiple cultures and it's not the same crap but you don't you understand that then you get on a bus and go somewhere okay like a Jupiter nine minutes after one is five sixty wqm a great way to sample nixx exquisite cigars is to join them at the annual big smoke hosted by cigar fish in auto it's coming up on Tuesday this Tuesday from January 12 what is it? I am in coherent anybody have a heart or a liver I can't take too much but it shoots right out my ass that's for ten that bring up gloomy to the can I can't take too much but I can't take it that's all I had it's for trouble let's drop and especially soar bit tall I can't take too much but it goes through me too fast and three times I need it but anyway where you should at it's one thirty five sixty wqm we got t-shirts coming baby maybe something will actually have to make up and for the four bastards in the sports department but I doubt that now you're getting really carried away but we got qm t-shirts we're going to have this year honey like real ones we're getting really fancy schmatchy here you give them one up time you give them like forty or fifty years we'll have a goddamn promotional budget in this place maybe even a bumper sticker right well now you're getting carried away I know maybe like a button no a pin no maybe something better than those ghost and heel pictures no two open lines in date county five six seven don't maybe a billboard would be full no no no no I'm sure that how about a sandwich board somebody I'm looking over the sandwich board no five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the 18 T wireless lines we saw all the problems is so forward in the day the bees are feels better about it I feel better about it the whole guy damn town feels better about that lady it's going back to New York God bless her yeah we had one one call I made sense for that it's not bad here's a mobile in Pompano hello yes sir yeah oh Neil yeah I was just calling it fact about to be easier yeah I've had a flyers fan for years and I'm like proud to have the guy yeah you a lot of me I am a kid and ask man I know he's they don't want to give him too much of a chance of that they were trying to blew him out of town the first month but all of a sudden he finally settled in and settled down and he's kicking ass and shutting everybody out they're winning game after game after game after game and last I played a phenomenal game by the way because I saw much of it he's in good the company with hex so hex is a cool guy yeah well hex dolls yeah well the other thing is the fans down here yeah I'm from PA so I've always been a dolphin span ever since they started out I moved on here and I have never seen such a group of of the complainers and and and bitches in my life yeah and and that's just the way they are when they're winning my and he's a greatest team in the world when they're losing they can't take it well even he's often fans I'm listening this morning they're all you know everybody in their brother maybe one or two exceptions everybody well we haven't got any chance and there's no way we're going to be Denver up there and it's cold in the altitude and the dissimes I mean you know what what's the point in playing if you're going to have to sit in the feet and that dude sure it's already going to be a tough assignment but you know you know give me a little enthusiasm for Christ six right I take the good and bad for our doing they're just waiting for you to fail that's the soft order mentality it's not so much that they want you to succeed so they can be a part of it they're waiting for you to fail so they can say you suck you know that's that's their deal the other thing is I think one thing I do say is I think I think I think I hate the people down you're a raw deal he's an asshole yeah he's a real one he's a piece of crap you know something maybe it was a marriage made in heaven you know I mean yeah maybe it was a good fit I don't know the guy yeah okay pal all right but have have a great weekend good too did he say the Wayne is an asshole is that what he said? I wonder what very jackass looked at we said Wayne is an asshole yeah so we might think it's not true oh sir if I bury jackass he's the epitome of this town right there I'm glad that he's waiting in the harrow every day those insipid idiotic columns of his because he's perfect for this town he is what's wrong with chastloria I mean he's not the only thing but he epitomizes it he is the perfect example of what's wrong with his town bush league those nothing you know always restates the obvious and there are fields of somebody else long after they said it like Hank will come out and say something like when the marlin business was going on with a sailor the team and then two or three days later burial right in an article like he just discovered it and collect all the other you know incorrect up that he wrote the two three weeks before they after day including on a front page of the front section of the newspaper bogus bush league and you just have to sit back and accept it and take the check every week okay thank you checks clear every week that's all accounts don't control yourself all worked up over because it's not worth it go out of the saw grass mills mall out there today come on Neil you have a great time huh got some friends out there books and they like me there stop in the Freddy's jeweler's they like me who else will camera they love me at wolf it's one of our sponsors I'm bad they are obsessed with me wolf camera see there's some places where they're actually speaking listen to saw grass where I'm a big superstar now you go into the JC penny outlet what are they call that place the outlet store is that what it is factory outlets or whatever it is and you know it's an okay place like to buy underwear is not bad socks or if I don't wear it's not two open lines in date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line see if you go into the main part of the mall it's all people wrote speaking list and then you go into some of those little outlet that are kind of like a Jason and it's mostly shwarches but that's okay I don't mind shopping with his all shwarches except in the the wind is you over here will not go in that's there because they stand out to say that one time I drove by their thinking about growing in and there were a couple of guys that I'd have a real dirty look and I said okay have a nice day what do you laugh at about this is not a laughing matter they said hey hockey this is uh you know our store in fact there's a signer it's is hockey if you knew Rogers here's a lady in Pelline hello I know you're a very small often for you did you know that Trent Lot is a former Ole Miss cheerleader cheerleader I think that's the hilarious I think you had it as pompoms on in there and a set of it's a perfect match yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah closet case yeah new week months that he's a former cheerleader I can just see him fall down on board says that ordinarily heterosexual men wheelhead with sexual are not concerned with about how anybody else is doing oh but they're interesting yeah he was turkey uh huh okay Neil I love you well maybe happy and Jay happy well yeah okay have a great week a fun Trent Lot as a cheerleader no yes no open line is brought all three and date come on let's go let's see some enthusiasm here this last hour so I leave here at the end of the first week of the year what a smile on my post instead of painting oh geez here we go again another week in hell another week of dreary and dreary let's see a little bit of goddamn enthusiasm out of this time for once even if they have to fake it like an orgasm five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line look at all the good stuff that we've saw this week yesterday we saw all the problems we got black people stop calling themselves African-American because there is no such goddamn thing leave it to me to finally tell him hey guess what you don't have to use all these hyphenated words because there is no such damn thing how about just person I'd be a person that's good I'd be a people is that how the pleasure leads I would I'd be the people a pledge how's that go come on date county let's go we got three open lines they're all going to get these lines filled up I might not take any I just want to get them filled up so that I feel better about this guy than place is it raining out of better not be raining how about let me look out the window in the morning don't just just go in the morning if it's not raining out it was see when you're stuck in his town it's supposed to be sunny in very mild all the time like the last few days been too gut in cold we had a lot of rain it's supposed to be nicer this time the earth's a winner and they'd tell anybody about that no probably Ryan Norcrosis fault that little twit that little whatever he is Patrick date county's open baby five six seven oh five sixty look at these three lines I'm not going to sit back here and be satisfied with three open lines and date county come on all you spits out there in date county let's get with it maybe you might have something to say okay besides medical medical come on come on put some real material okay five six seven oh five sixty and pump five sixty on the AT&T line boy they ever let us down huh hey let us down at Spick community in date county there the ones that have abandoned this guy didn't show even when we did the thing down there in kennel at appearance at borders had about a half a dozen guy guys came in you know in disguise in drag you know with like overcoat because they don't want anybody to see they were coming in for my stuff because if you know because if you listen to the aradios show it makes you gay but if you're a little human you're already gay so what difference is it make my favorite was the guy that wanted to come see you and his girlfriend kept trying to drag him over and he was like oh no no no no no she's like come on you didn't see it no it was happening like candle a few walls what yeah and like the guys like go no no no can do and she's like come on and don't be a pussy you look like was he cute yeah oh well I think yeah that's why he just bought a little pal yeah like what am I going to do am I going to like squeeze it right there while all the pens and talk about and I'll see that's the interesting part I'm supposed to be the Faggot and he's got a lot about your pussy that's the amazing part no balls whatsoever well my husband's over there is afraid to come say hello to you I get the no sure so I get that at the games women will come say oh my husband and I take a look at I mean this guy I mean some ugly crush the old fart who smells like that woman in the library in bokeh here's uh and I always say hey listen don't worry I can smell them over here you didn't have to come any closer here's a mobile in bokeh hello hello yes sir yeah I moved in here from the York top 10 years ago yes sir yeah I gotta tell you I think you're very good victim of noxious person yeah yeah you should straighten up your eye actually straighten up my eye time that sounds like you're out of here what is it oh before you kick me out well why don't you go back to New York asshole okay before you kick me out of here you and what army okay you and look up Bratzy we have an open line in day one in Broward five six seven oh five six the in pump five six the on the AT I should straighten up my eye now the what he's gonna keep listening every day even though he doesn't like to show and I'm an asshole he's got to listen every day again there's that mentality again until I do what pleases him well guess what you can go like the dog barking at the moon you can sit there barking you're radio okay every guy damn day of your life and nothing is gonna change on this show okay I'm still gotta be obnoxious and addictive and you can go fuck the world what you can do how are you addicted as Kim I don't know call him up do you know call return on a guy some asshole and how come there's so many assholes in poker you know what we get more goddamn jerks that call a show from bokeh and blightenbeats those two places then you can check your magic wand at something very seriously wrong up there in bokeh maybe too much bad deli okay maybe too much tail kishki here's Hollywood hello there's too much closet space in bokeh that's the problem yeah well he's obviously full hey I want to think me and the other guy that came out to send the dolphins off to get important oh two of you huh yeah 12 16 maybe it was beautiful maybe yeah what I want to great town is there's two people and out there to send the dolphins off to Denver wishing the best I said it about you know something I don't I don't really care you know I don't follow much anymore I hope just to prove what about your assholes these people are I hope the dolphins kick the crap out of Denver tomorrow yeah I'm saving and I'm talking well just to show these people all these people that are such stupid fans that they're already conceiting the game before they even play it for Christ's eggs you know people sit out there watch planes take off and everything yeah they got a microphone that's going up flight to four or five uh take it up in the right little right away people love that crap they're getting into it they're eating a food there watch the point hey listen it's something to do man it's better than going to the song rest there is life before lord of all right all right okay good luck now hit the mask the mask there even if it's an asshole my amy you know different than you really are going to see we think the boy let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's guys put me over the edge heo you know because I'm I'm in different not really follow with that my I mean I do watch but I just don't care I've lost my strategic for is this day in uh Montreal but just to prove a point it'll be very tough and it'll up against all the odds etc and so on and all the experts you know if all the experts were so smart they'd never pick a game wrong and it wouldn't be any point in playing in the first place except to see if they could cover this bread oh that's why they're playing here's a mobile in jupiter hello hey Neil yes sir I got to tell you I got to wonder what the guys in the green jacket that the macarena are doing if I if I see another today I'm anything in my section I'll tell you that well I'll play it and I'll do anything in my section if I got a toss one more guy out of my seat and if I have to have one more guy step in front of me in the middle of place right what is with these people that can't wait for a break in the action to get back to their damn seat right you guys a couple of minutes you can blame the usher's on that blame them they're doing a piss poor job of a man every section they do want a crappy job and they let people go right back down there while the game is going on again I don't know that I want that's one thing they didn't even the older reenate they did it then they were like Nazis but at least they did a good job of it they made you stand up there until a play stoppage before you went back and started blocking people's view off and got that's not for big you should want to get in the line and get some food yeah I mean for from my section I get to the the breaking the action or in between periods I get there number two in line but I'm gonna get back to my seat action's already started again right I don't know anyway have a great weekend and you too sir yeah we're complaining too much okay we want to go and have a pleasant experience we're all complaining too much you right let's cut it out let's just give way in the money and whatever kind of crappy dishes out take it with a smile on our post we have an open line in Broward 560 750 560 out of the AT&T our poll question today is why there's so many assholes in Boko that's the poll question difficult question probably take a long sociological study to find out maybe there's a lot of New Yorkers that settled in Boko we heard from some New Yorkers today that made a lot of sense of team like reasonable people I mean out of 12 million people can they all be assholes no there's a few nice people from the York that came down here a couple one or two but boy or boy I'm telling you some of the drugs some of the people they kicked out of the city even Ed Crosch even he kicked them their ass out they said oh well we got to get out of here let's go to Florida that's right everybody who was a miss bit someplace else they kicked their ass out they said I'm the Florida so it happened to me well no I was working where the hell was I work I was in Michigan before I came here so you can understand came to Sarah Stota boy that was a great year Sarah Stota baby W.S.P.B. City Island the outer towners picnics my youngest listener was 140 years old but we had a great time and it's Friday you fast dude there's a moment where you're going on one of the wealthy people yeah it's where going on the way below and that's what I like about no guy but down there he goes on living small but that's the way they say I live they come with yaz of all who just the grams sender and on- plank also beeping No man, lem're the losers, are we funding treasure they're In watching, he feels good. Looting belts on their China Why choose like those old A teen that lads you suck at Zw pigs at my lax about how yeah How would you do? How would you do? Doesn't speak. There's no coffee. Only myself. That's what I like about Tokyo. Fav. I think about Tokyo. Well, there's so many assholes there in Bokeh. I wonder about everybody's moving there. I have been in Bokeh in years. And am I worried about that? No. No, I don't think so. Am I missing anything? No. Wonder how they've the paramedics making out of there in Bokeh. Remember him? David the paramedic? Who just kind of like disappeared? I guess they must've reached up that pole a little bit too much one night. That was him. That was your buddy. Open line in date. 560, 505, 50, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There you go. Another one of your Julio buddies. Here's Mobile in Miami. Hello. I'm getting this number now. Good. Mobile in Miami. Yes, sir. You know, don't worry about Bokeh. I go there every day. Yeah. I mean, it's permanent. Listen, I just want to sit through the old, the Julio's in the Miami. To call, please call, they're listening in the L.S. There are a bunch of pushies. They're all hanging out of Westland and the T-Romino. I mean, they have something here from 10 to 2. They don't need to go in on. Right. At least call, so you can see some ratings. You know, you don't want to meet them. Keep them in the air. They just afraid. They just, they just, I hear more of the time because I'm a career. I get to on that. And some of the nervous stuff. I hear them on the radio. Yeah. They just want to push you. Okay, I have a great day. Okay, Neil. Don't think any wooden nickels. Okay. What was the number that asked, let's just call that little Julio, the one before this one that didn't get on here? 305 of course. 305, 539. Oh, and by the way, this could want to talk about ass here. So if there's anybody out there that wants to know about ass here, his number is 305, 539, 539, 6,000. 6,000. Well, that sounds like a place of business to me. Could be. Doesn't it? Maybe they'll get fired. Oh, what does that do you change from their, QB? Two open lines in the date county, 567, 565, 50, 567, 05, 50, or 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Pembroke pine. Hello. Good day. Good day. I'm the comon of the gracious past there. And I can't call them last night. We're going to get on as the one. The gracious Patriots. Meaning what? Meaning what? We're going to call them. The other is our chronic. Oh, yeah. That's the guy. Oh, yeah. I'm real big on a talk show in the windwindwindwind. I'm going to get out of here, Jackass. First of all, this isn't a sports show. Secondly, nobody on this station. I don't think I know it's the really desperate. I want to talk to chronic, especially for mother markets. I'm known as. I'll tell you what you're known as an issue. Even ass. That's right. Oh, boy. I'll tell you there out there. I love it when somebody calls on known as. I'm very popular on shows in Pekipsi. Well, great. Go back there. Okay. Maybe they'll talk to you. But I doubt it. Two open lines in date. County 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Law. And they are beautiful. They are beautiful. Losers, losers. Losers. Airv. Loser in the world. They put them in a goddamn tube. And they send them down to the old shoot right here. They're shooting it. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yeah. They sent them up to poop shoot. They exactly. That's where they're coming from. I got a good one. Right out of a human record. Yeah. I love that. We should go win. My girlfriend called up. We haven't a contest for the tickets for Saturdays game. Yeah. And he said, George will call you. But our phone's been screwing up. So he thought George called. I called down there in the guy at the front desk. The guy with the beard. They go to you know that. I said, I said, first and last name. He said, yes. Come on. I came down the ticket to pick it up. Yeah. Someone already picked him up. It was a different. It was the same first name, different last name. Oh my god. I was always excited. Where did you come from? I was. I was. Where did you come from? Um, Kroes Springs, Tamara. All the way down here. All the way down there. I mean, I was doing like 90 on 95. Man. I was excited. I was fired up. I was fired up. And then the top it off. I leave him all sad and everything. Come and home. I get pulled over. Come to find out. I had a $50 ticket from 96. Yeah. And I got to spend the night in the Broward County with all the good boys. All right. Great. Well, I hope you had a good time. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 567560. And I'm sure there was a lot more if I would have a little going. 567560. 560. On our AT&T wireless line for all you mobile callers. The Hank Goldberg show is coming up into a clock book to it. 930. We got our pregame 10 o'clock. It's the Florida Panthers in the Vancouver. The folks. Can no. Seriously. Anybody that says can nox should be given some instruction. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I'm an Irish American from Boca. Yeah. I'm on an island. Nobody's perfect. Hey. Did you say something about hardly anybody showed up to sign the dolphins out? Two people, as I said. Yeah. Did we listen to Hank yesterday? No. I got home. They've played nothing but press conference. I just heard one after another after another. But Hank was busy doing this stuff for ESPN. I guess. Well, somebody had called him up and suggested, you know, the fan should go out and show the support. Well, it's your work like a charm. Yeah. But, you know, listen, this is the Hank say. He goes, yeah, that's our show live support. You know, I heard the dolphins on planes when they see the fans out there. Poor. Look out the window and say, what a bunch of assholes. I think Hank. They guys got a problem. Anyways. Who's that? Hey. Stop it. We have an open line at Broward 5 minutes. Guys, on in 23 minutes, he'll be on call him up on me. See, that there's, that takes no talent, no guts, no anything to call me in the tickish out of Hank. Now, call him up and discuss it. And maybe he'll hang up on you. Maybe you'll have a discussion. Who knows? In fact, it would be entertaining hearing that on the way home. A lot more entertaining than hearing those 80 press conferences I heard yesterday. We find something else to put on besides those terminal long, ponderous press conferences. When Hank is doing a ZSP, Nstick or whatever you can't we find anything else? No. Oh, God. If I have to hear one more, and even, I mean John L.A. who's not dumb or, yeah, you literate. But I mean, I'm not already with those people. Not that I want to interfere. Do I want to interfere? No. No. But I'm just, you know, it's from a selfish standpoint. Oh, kills me. Oh, here's here's the assistant. The trainer is having a press conference talking about the hang day. All at the, uh, what's his name? Nathan, the Napoleon Coffman got a hang day out. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to know it's Monday. Other people want to call you back to say, I probably just got a dolphin win. I want to know a dolphin, when a wind dies, these are Saturday. I want to let you know that. The dolphins are going to win. Yes, sir. What's the score going to be, sir? Uh, 24 13. Okay. Okay. Everybody. There you go. There you go. There's a real spick for you. He says the dolphins are going to win. He's going to put his money where you're back to. He said, he said, bend over, baby. You're ready for the big one. We have an open line in date. Five, six, seven, five, 16, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 21 till two at five, 60 WQM. If you're a feeling lucky, speaking to bend over. This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. Any question? There is a child living down in Mexico. Boy, if you pass the go to work every day, sit there, step, making clothes for Cassidy. Loves the work, but doesn't love the pain. I want to give you a kiss. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. The ones to make the book a day, so great comes like me. All right. It's just going to make it. The time you love to find. It's you that make a book a day with Kathy Lee. You don't forget Kathy Lee. She and her husband are very important people and don't you ever forget it. 144, 5, 60 WQM. Anybody believe in that? No. Here is a fact that says, as if I didn't know if you know this, but when you see it and print it, it's kind of scary. It says, what that color said not too long ago was true. People actually go, people actually go to Miami International Airport and sit outside and watch the planes take off and land. This is how they spend their free time. It's pathetic. Explanation point. You know why they do it, don't you? It works in the ocean in the basket. That's right. They sit out there. All of that big old planes. Look at that big 747. There's a 737. There's a 757. There's another 747. Sabina. And there's not a one. Yeah. They do that airports all over America because they have no lives. That's right. And they sit out there. And of course you do understand why they're really sitting out there waiting. Don't you? Crash. Exactly. There you go. It's not so much that they enjoy watching airplanes take off and land because that's pretty much the same. Every time a plane takes off and land. I've been on a few planes in my time 20 or 30 million. But they're waiting. They just don't want to miss out. Just in case there's that one time. Kind of the same reason people go to see you are always in. But all the respect to Joe Costello who would deny, of course, but nevertheless would be full of crap in doing it. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hi, New York. Yes, sir. I'm talking about the software as a mall and why there's always foreign people. And I heard something a few years ago. Who are those people? Who are they? Did you ever hear that the software as a mall was the second largest tourist attraction? I only saw that every day on the show. I was there the other day. And I saw exactly what you're talking about. I mean, there's boxes of people coming in and he's going to brands. Martin is like, you know, your hard press to find a customer that speaks English. Yeah. It's incredible. Yeah, but at least you can find somebody waiting on it. Oh, that's different story. Seriously. Well, I'm going to walk you to the main mall, though, forget about Brands Marble. And you walk you to the main mall itself. But you know what? And you walk around and you look at the people and you listen to the people. Right. And it's like you're asking yourself, where am I? Where do these people come from? Where do they live? Where do they sleep at night? Where do they stay? Where are their possessions? I assume they're in hotels and hotels. But the thing is, it's the only mall I've ever been in anywhere in this country that has an international money changer. I mean, it's got a, what they call, you know, a, a machine that changes money from foreign currency. Or they have the word, where's that? I've never seen it. It's in one of the, one of the sections of the mall. I mean, and they also have the, I know they have the currency exchange in there. Right. But I saw a machine that actually has all the different flags on it. And you put like, you know, or they don't have those. They have those in Italy. They have them around Europe. The other thing I want to talk about is bush league. Yes. You know, you spell bush league in Miami W AMI. Yeah. You're so fortunate to be offered that. Yes, I am. Did you see the thing they had a lot of so much better about being offered there? The movies that you know they have in movies every night of the day. I don't know. I don't know. Well, they had an advertisement. You know, before they started it, all these great movies from one of the major studios in Hollywood that you know, starts with the you. And, you know, they've got, you know, field of dreams and all these great movies that they put out. Yeah. You know what? The first movie they ran was Monday night. The heartbreak kid. The heartbreak kid from what year with Eddie Albert and the next night. And another movie with called School in a Rail with Jerry Buzzi. Oh, guess who was it? Eddie Albert. I started to think that we have a thing for Eddie Albert. Yeah, I thought they were going to have a lot of other jobs. Eddie Barry Miller is going to do an Eddie Albert that could be. I don't know. And one last thing. I used to drive a little bit. Isn't Eddie Albert dead? Yeah. Yeah. I know. Or he still do him. But anyway, I used to drive a little bit. And you're talking about tips for limo drivers. Yeah. I used to drive. We, I drove for a business car service to be Jersey and you used to drive for one of the large pharmaceutical companies that also makes consumer products. Yeah. And a guy, when I drove him home from the airport when they kicked me a bottle of mouthwash. Maybe it was a message. Could have been. There you go. Okay. That was great. Have a great life. There's an open life in Broward. Hey, try a little scope pal. Can you believe, Rimmer, Holy Gave, 10 bucks to that. I mean, that's just unbelievable. Keep in mind, we got a free meal. I left a $30 tip because it would have been about 150 bucks for the four of us. So I left and I was only three of us. So definitely about 150 bucks. So I left a $30 tip. I wish I didn't have the right change. I managed to squeeze four singles out of him. Costing four dollars for a hundred dollar meal. I would have cost for him in his wife. Okay. Four bucks. Yeah, limo driver, 10 bucks. I realized he's up there in Vancouver with a team. Okay. Rimmer, you are the cheapest piece of turd. Okay. God is he cheap. Is he? Huh? Here's Miami. Hello. Any idea? Great. That's a Polish-American check-in. Okay. The guy that called Rimmer was from our carnival. No, he was from the Aurora, who would be in cruise line. I'm on the OK. The check-in. We checked it out. But anyway, you mentioned that you were going to be. That was a crank call from some little spick at the Royal Caribbean cruise line. And I hope the people at work over there. Find who he is and throw his ass off the goddamn ship. Hey, Catawatties doing for a living. Yeah. So when it was, you think they're going to air the impeachment on the radio and on the TV, like they did with the old J-Trial? Not here they won't. So you don't think that. Not our station. We could do it. But I'm not going to do that. Many of the people are alternative. We can sit here and solve the real problems of the world like rectal hair. That's right. All right. And I'm not going to preclude this guy. They need an important show for a bunch of house or ride going up there. A bunch of asshole stuffy old shirts. Pretending to be, you know, Pantificating and pretending to be objective. And it's just get it over with. OK. Scent you to guy, slap mine or race. Get the state of the union. Let's say, OK, bubble. Let's go. And then I'll get the ship going again. And stop it all as political crap to try to pass to buy these right wing Nazis and drag. OK. Even Trump. Even Trump. You'll notice. It's embarrassed and humiliated by the House Republicans by these fanatical lunatics. OK. In fact, he might get his pompoms up. I wouldn't be surprised before this whole thing over is over. Tratlock comes out of the closet. OK. Wouldn't surprise me. That's how indignant he's. In fact, he had his arm around Tom Dashel when they had the press conference. Little tongue action. I couldn't believe it. That's how discussed that he is with this whole thing with those up nexus right week. And especially that one that Charles Kennedy, who eats at the olive garden, OK. And tries to get some bitch wait for some poor poor lady try to get her fired because he said he's an asshole and he's a bunch of bull crap try to get her fired. Charles Kennedy. I'm going to tell you right now over the weekend. I'm going to spend every moment. Every week moment of my weekend trying to find a picture of Charles Kennedy and people's together. You're thinking it's possible. No, no chance. Same person. BDI assassins. BDI back stabbers. No talent. They got brains. They got for brains. Uh, 10 before 2 at 5. 60 WQM. Your classy station for the 90. This is 5. 6. You a yeah. My god. Is that thing real?