4 3 2 5 6 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 6 6 7 7 7 7 6 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 bring you 12th Surprise Doubles-Up Hot stereotypes! Thiefs ad trainer This album should be in every orthodoxy coats collection rolling stones which at 5 stars of Davis I'm a demon, dude. Who wrote the book of Jones? Star Copper's a synagogue. You from Russia, Sharan. I'm able to have a little record story. We'll talk right when you get here. Go, fans, over this album. He... First of all, I say happy New Year or I won. No, okay. I mean, I just... it's not my bag. You know, I just couldn't hear a lot about these things. I said not my bag, baby. I don't care. My Ruchata, Anaya, Yari, Yari, Yari, Yari. Yeah, it's set around so on. Oh, my God. Oh, there's Christina Agalera. Cancelling for cracks can use a rail. Anyway, bad news this morning, which I was totally unaware that he was even sick Ray Recky, the columnist for 30 years for the Sun Sentinel. Good guy. Not one of those guys that wrote profound stuff. One of those biting... which we don't really have Many columnists in this town anyway. But he was a good guy as heart was in the right place and he had pancreatic and liver cancer and died at the age of 51. And we sent our condolences along with friends and family. Ray Recky, there's just a shock. I didn't really was sick. One of the few good guys in this town. There aren't too many in the media. I'll tell you that. Got a lot of losers in the media in this town. There is a letter to the editor in the same paper by the way. It's in fact, Ray is probably already rolling over me to grave. In the Sun Sentinel Day, one of the most unbelievable even in Geneva, New York. Whatever the name of the newspaper isn't even New York. They wouldn't print this letter. That's how grotesque and how big it is and how inaccurate it is. So it doesn't make it there. If you write a letter to the editor in the local newspapers, you can make up any statistics, any crappy one. And they'll just put it in there. Unchallenged. They don't give a crap. And especially look how long this is. Look how much space this letter takes up. Written by our senior Rodriguez of Open Park. How do you like that? I don't know. A bigoted psychotic homophobic letter, which I'll get to, by the way. All upset about the fact that we got the fags in the military and all about the fact that they're in these tight quarters there. You know, all the other countries in the world, all the other civilized countries, they somehow seem to manage. But in America, we got don't ask Duke Kill. Like this kid, this very windshield kid that they murdered with the baseball vent. But nevertheless, you bet as it may. So last night, MTV News of Quartz, how many people in the audience you think watched it about three? Two? How about the big, oh, you had to be watching that. Not that it was a good show. Was it a good show? No, it sucked. But I watched anyway to look forward to to 11 until thank God finally at long last, the viewer is prevailed. The MTV viewer is prevailed. I only called 80 times myself. Why didn't I call it? I did not call once. I thought about it. Well, no, I should've thought. What if they lose by one vote? You know, then I'd be feeling bad off for the rest of my life. And poor time green could have been very funny last night as he always is. But just to be on a safe side. And by the way, you know, cutting edge NTV that's been 50,000 hours promuling this big event and how cutting edge they are, they ran a showing delay last night. How do you like that? What a on cable. This isn't over the internet. We're keeping mind that, you know, is regulated by the same FCC or K aircraft that we are here on a radio. No, in addition to which it was laid at night anyway, by the time they finally got around the same anything. No, it didn't make any difference to them in delay. Because there were several times. One of the particular things they took about a half a sentence from Chris Rock, and you could see is lips removal, but there was no sound. Yeah, yeah, it would be like Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy, you know? Edgar's lips removal, and Charlie wasn't saying anything. Which is a really bad ventriloquist. Got see ballsy MTV and they got and Chris Rock by the way, I'm sorry. You know, he's a funny guy in his stand-up stuff, but there are some people who just, in last night, we shown the other shadow of it out this man, got no talent. If you can't add lips to fill 15 or 20 seconds, every time they would tell him the stretch, all he would do was say, oh, well, La Vita, La Vita, La Vita, La Luka stretch. They want me to stretch. He couldn't fill 15 or 20 seconds. I'd like to see a guy like that sitting here and do four hours live on a radio someday. Just once, just one day, not five days a week for the rest of his life. Just once, how do you like to see a guy like Chris Rock come in and add lip for four hours? And keep in mind, almost everything that these guys say, almost every single word, it's on the Atelopron. It's all written out, some two cards. That's a real talent there. In addition to which maybe I'm wrong, maybe it's my racism bleeding through again, but is it possible that Chris Rock is a professional sparcer that only knows? It's all he talked about from the very moment that he came on about, oh, he's the first black man that's a met who was on stage without a mop, which was a mildly amusing line, if it would have ended there, but that was only the beginning in black fist and black fat and white guy is trying to be black and yati, yati, yati, yati, yati. And see, I thought about it last night and the interesting part, see, I like all those black artists who could really sing. But of course, we were told back in the 60s and 70s that those were black artists for white people, the Motown people, you know, Marvin Gaye and the temptations and the Tammy Tourell, the Marvellez and the Martha and the Van Delos and the Supremes and the Miracles and temptations and David Ruffman and on and on. I could go on with a million of those people. All black artists who my love, I love their music, so I can't be racism creeping through there. But did this, the idea of black recording artists today, Lauren Hilland, particular, Can Lauren Helsing a note? Oh, you're doing that. Oh, you're doing that? That's her music. Now you're doing that in tune, so you're doing that run. Oh, and thank God that I went to bed according to 11 left to the viewers choice award came in. Yeah, thank God for that. And by the way, you leave the God traffic home when you please we are enough of the God will crap all of it. Please Brian I see they want to award the way only when they're really counted because there wasn't political it was by the viewers Which is what MTV is supposed to be all about anyway, and so if it was you know 30 million screening little girls calling it That's okay, you know, and the phone company can use their money What I mean Lauren Hill and Ricky Martin. I mean this is a travesty at the joke and they give us all this hype They put the show on in delay so that to make sure that there's really nothing for pocket if they take Tom Green Who's the only funny guy in any way associated with that last night. I mean buddy hack it used to be funny 40 years ago, you know And what was he doing there at living because the other guys couldn't not understand it But I mean what was it what was he doing there and what was the redest film been doing there Token old people she's this crap. Who was token? Oh my god. Yeah, I wonder reacted like that Yeah, we had to have some token old parts on there. I guess to make it look like For all of us old parts that we're watching. I hate to break the news to you guys at MTV The only reason that all parts like us watch MTV is this city young people with his little clothing on his possible And speaking a young people Brittany They're interviewing her outside before the show and she's got her usual You know, she looked great, but she had that usual pasty complex universe one thing she doesn't have it But of all those videos on the beach They haven't only don't let her out very much because she's got a pasty almost I would say even pasty or than George Which is saying a lot haven't working on my 10 and I said sir that I just took her look before I said that even compared to what she usually looks like Why does it go? And this is before they show last night then she comes out to do her number which by the way Why do we need somebody as big as Brittany spears to share a number with in sync? Which as much as I can't stand them and as bad as they are each one of those groups is big enough You know what I'm saying that they should have had their own segment No, we don't do that we have to like blend them in together with and here's Brittany come that the thing opens up and here she is looking like she just put on six cans of that tan and a can you know that stuff you buy at birdines? Where the you know this at the drugstore that spray on stuff that gives you an instant tan She looked at a lot of maybe that's because she wanted to be one of the shfartes in the thing she touched you when in a ward Other than Ricky Martin for about the first hour and a half I was wondering is there a white person gonna win any award Then I know and then we finally got the Eminem in fat boy slim in a back street boys, but other than that It was a pretty shfarts evening there with New York last night Which doesn't bother me if we're talking about people who can sing? Oh my god Lauren here in these these rappers. Oh god almighty. Oh, it's hip hop. I'm sorry. It's hip hop You see it take a bogus form of music which used to be called rap music and then you change the name of it to something called hip hop And then it makes it seem like it's real music like it's respectable is it real music? Oh, it's garbage It's a testament to illiteracy and stupidity is what it is all at a course I left out TLC two by the way Because I already had that breakfast thing this morning from our good friends at Dunkin donuts without the bread of course Thank you guys every Friday Look forward to Friday morning for several reasons for this personally and especially today today was payday I'm going Mary. I'm thank you sweetheart So maybe we'll get some input on the MTV music show them because after all the hype job that was done was unbelievable Jennifer Lopez she looked pretty skanky I'll see that was the only good material Chris Rockcat was about her aunt and Ricky Martin's ass And you notice because they were just re showing so that a few minutes ago The Ricky Martin his performance that when he was doing shaking a booty thing with livin la pinga louca That was fine because that's what he does but when he went into his new song Whatever the name of it is she's the more feminine than I am or something like that I mean that was embarrassing Ricky and burracing even I who can't stand Ricky Martin I mean I was embarrassed for this we heart. Oh, she did look pretty good It's 11 after 10 at 560 WQM here Be All right I'll be the spend of wealth of your old girls To think we're as cute as you be Yeah, I'll be the older they all figured out We're hiding our late and see One thing is for the world Is for sure we can make you Watch out what I'm the only guy going Don't you know what I'm the only one that you're my girl But today we think that we can better stay We're not getting I swear with my game Okay, how's it going to be? I'm the Carter head more talented His right code and you will ever have He's not a pineapple head You're still a bit fat Thank you 10 17 at 5 60 WQM Maybe some of these people actually watched That the garbage last night We can't talk to the you know something this is enough to make me money Get up and walk out it really is Got a whole bunch of calls on here We've had a really brutal dreadful week Now we got to reboot the whole phone system Which means all these people are going to drop off This is not the way to do a radio show Greg read this is not the way to have to do a radio show Bluff Lindsay get off your guy then Give us a phone system that works So we don't have to pop ski around and play games Every guy damn they to put phone calls on here There's something wrong with this company man There's something wrong with you Greg read Man oh man this just it's unbelievable Sitting here I'm as happy as a luna got my chicken I pocket a back street boys one of the viewers Toy sting which is the important one last night Life is sweet everything is going along great Got a billion people on a phone all of a sudden More than we've had all week And now we got to go through this embarrassment And try to kill a little time and cover up Maybe we should have brought Chris Rockin here to fill a 30 second Cover up for the fact that we got a whole lot of money For the fact that we got a horse ball which is another lie We had this crap phone system This Mickey Mouse tinkered toy down on the second floor And the promise was when we moved into these Polatial new studios up here on the third floor With this space age equipment That we at least have you know like they have 50 yards away 20 yards away any other goddamn studio They got a real goddamn phone system And a real studio two by the way They had a half dozen people in the upper Randy Molo this morning You could actually hear everybody else And Randy didn't care by the way And you didn't care by the way It's unbelievable Here's North Miami, hello Hey Neil, good morning, how are you? I was I was great till about 30 seconds ago Well, I worked in TV at work last night off and all Yes sir And I agree with you some of you comments but I do to be with a little Okay From your others in terms of like like for example I hear pop music and a whole lot Oh no, no, this is where we are Just to be with you When some of the different pop exactly Just to let somebody else hear pop music Yeah Well you're not gonna tell me lowering your health High school Oh Oh my god, breakfast thing is coming up I don't know Why didn't I have water You can give her a profit, you're giving her a yo yo. You know what I think is happening and you're not talking about this before. This whole, your literacy class that goes into the yes-off mess. Yeah. I think you see about it. That's very pervasive and industry. Even with nothing and others have gone that way where. Oh, you mentioned real Smith. That's another one now. Here's this self-aggrandizing, no talent son of a bitch who comes under a winging award for that Miami piece of craft that he always did, which is a piece of garbage. And he gets up there and he's got to show how much battery is in everybody else. Oh, nobody gets killed and there's no profanity in any of my videos. And I still get to tell you what I'm saying about. What is that about? In the black community, when you become, this is very diverse and this is very bad. As backwards. But when you become successful, all of a sudden you sell out. So then you have people who do very successful, commercial, we come from successful. And then you have to go and explain themselves to the category and the community is not right. And look to me like he was trying to make put himself above everybody. I'm so much more familiar with not the rest of your shpartures because I'm not the law. You know, I think he was trying to answer his critics to call them a sell out. And you want to say, look at me. You know, I make you a sell out. You know, something he's based on, I would be a compliment. He's a no talent. What other thing, no need to say. Do you think that he can sing? No, I don't. Let me tell you this, Neil. The one area I agree with you, the one thing. You're active to down in every world. Could you sit there and say who's going to win based on the politics of it? Yeah. I mean, literally, you could sit there and go, I know who's going to win this because this is what MPV would do to be politically correct. And thank God that they had the viewers choice thing last night at a back speed boys would have got shut out, which, you know, whether you like him or not. The fact is that the most popular group in the world today, not just here, but all over the world. And, you know, Lauren Hill and Ricky Martin, I mean enough with that crap over. Do you have to be about the back of boys? Did he want? Did he come in? I said to be about the back of boys. Not at all. In fact, he was praying that they would have won over a Lauren Hill for. I went to bed after the viewers choice because I forgot that there was one more for best video of the year. And thank God I did because I would have been psychotic. I would have been as upset as Madonna. Don't know if it's your comment. No, no, that's what I just said. No, I don't have to. I love you, Neil. Okay, thanks. Well, he was moderately happy because, well, Corn got won. So you ought to be happy about that. Oh, I don't think they did. They didn't get won. Oh, they, I think they got won. They got won for something. So they suck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, Lauren Hill can sing. Oh, see, I, I recently sent that whole idea that if you don't like today's so called black recording artist, that that somehow makes you a racist. I've heard that all the time. 90 percent of, well, maybe not maybe 70 percent of the music that I love. My favorite, when I was a kid, my favorite singer was Fats domino. You don't come much blacker than Antoine Fats domino. So if I liked the music, I don't care what the colors. My god, and, you know, well, when you were trying to give me a song dance about the beat voice, me better than Marvin Gaye. I mean, I could add a laugh when you say that. Yes, you did. You were giving me that crap and now you deny it. First you got to the other one. Yeah, they were, yeah, they were better. You told me they're better than aerosmith, which is a joke. A joke. I see in Stevie Tyler and Joe Perry out there last night, by the way. But nevertheless, that's laughable. But to tell me that, oh my god, they're better than Marvin Gaye. And he's not even saying that. He's thinking about it. And that was he's crying his nails. 560, 50560, Tom 560. He's since we even go to those swing clubs to much he's starting to follow your nails a lot. You know what they say about guys who. Here's plantation. Hello. Neil, hi, Dora. Pretty good, sir. Watch the show last night. And I have to say one thing. Yes. That's the mill even early 10 years ago. How people could put up with Britney Spears and TLC. I have no idea. Well, Britney, they don't care about the music. They just want to see her ass and her, well, arrested. But she looks a little chunk of the last night. I thought, point one. And TLC, what an embarrassing that is. And they are ridiculous outfits. They have a lot of evidence. Chumber round and do nothing but lip sync. They try to hide the fact by letting one of the girls rap for about 30 seconds. They were not lip sync. It was so, it was bogus. What a joke. I did want to say, why did you think about the run DMC and aerosmith. I thought it was really fun. I thought it was really fun. Yeah, I was excited when Nasty Palaga got up. There is great. But what a horn was great. I had to admit, I had to think of you when back she boys. What did they got up there and they said, I want to thank God. Yeah, that was Brian. I just wanted to fall down. Maybe we should do that heart operation over one more time. Come on, Brian. Cut the crap. That was good though that they got it. Nine inch nails were fun. I enjoyed it. They were fun. Yeah, sure. What was that? I liked not inch nails, but what was that? I don't know. I thought it was an entertaining show and Chris Rock's jokes. Please don't tell me. Chris Rock had a couple of funny lines. They kept repeating the same thing about Jennifer's ash and Ricky Martin's ash. But after the tenth time, it got a little bit of a deal. They were like, I hope they look up when you die a little bit of a love. He kept saying the same thing over and over again. Like he had no material. It was, I don't know. How you could let people lip sync. Yeah, but you got to understand that. Well, wait a minute. And see, he pointed that out, which I think is very unfair because even though I can't stand. In, in, in stink. I can't stand it. The fact is that when you got numbers that are choreographed where people are dancing and jumping around, they always lip sync. You can't sing while you're doing this thing. It's thing, it's thing. Did they sing? They can. They can. They will lip sync and they change the record because I thought they was singing. I thought it was odd how they put them together. Yeah. Yeah, but Brittany was doing it. And she was spinning all over the place, you know. I was just terrible. Okay. Have a great day, pal. I love that too. You know, like Brittany, even I like Brittany. Even I'm kind of attentive. Well, I'm a little bit crazy, but nevertheless, well, kind of like John Henry, you know. He likes to end the video of the cheese got out because he said, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. 560, 50560 pun. And of course, we got the hottest ticket in town. The sex club trial. That's on the front page of the paper today. We'll get into that. How does ticket and town? My favorite part of that story, by the way, is about the nine married couples having sex with their married partners who were arrested? That's my favorite. As once again, America keeps showing its big fat back home to the world. But I'd still like to challenge you assholes, you coward. And I interrupted myself about 10 times before I kept trying to talk about Tom Green. Tom Green was the only guy who could have made that thing really funny last night. And they were so terrified that he was going to come in there and do something really off the wall, which I'm sure he would have that thing. You know, the assignment for Tom was sent in there on the outside as far away as possible outside on the streets in New York, given out the phone numbers for the viewer's choice of words. Man, that was, and he could have been a panic. He could have been just, I mean, the possibilities are endless knowing how sick he is. He should have hosted it. Right. Oh, that would have been phenomenal. Then he had heard some humor. God, Chris Frick and Rocker is still his last year's Matsum man. Get out of here. I'm sorry. Matsum is a white. Well, it's got a little dark. 20 if you've posted long enough. 26 past 10 and 5 60 WQM are for Friday. You wear screws. If the guy is not wearing it, you're wearing it. If he's wearing it, you're wearing it. You're wearing it. I'm wearing it. And my exhibition, I'm a bag who likes to install. I'm here to promote this museum. It's packed, but that's not all. Are you ready to get through that problem? It's a lot. It's a battle. It's a battle, it's a war. You can still notice that the first is round high. In the back round high high high, you can still see the little bit of snow ball. Like the sky, that's high high, living a piece of snow ball. Living a piece of snow ball. Living a piece of snow ball. You can still see the little bit of snow ball. It was really unfortunate. You can still see the little bit of snow ball. I got one edition. I just found a new edition. I like to wear a dress. I'm a special stylist. I'm a special stylist. She got in the race after going to midnight. Who was the trick that was learning a pisty on one? Little Kim in The Day and Ross came out and died I was probably the highlight. How does ticket and town sex club trial this missile decision unlikely this week? Let the show begin. It says hurray step on in with about 24 defendants, three judges and possibly as many as 12 lawyers, many of whom begged to join the case all in one courtroom, getting into today's hearing in the Broward County Sex Club trial might be tough. It says something in order. Deepest promises that testimony will be titillating. It says, I'm sorry, italating. Two men and a woman nick it in the hot tub in a greeny video shot with a fanny pack cam of fanny pack. Does that mean as in rectum that may make some faces red? Broward County's case against the swingers returns for round two was the hoard of lawyers tries to persuade a panel of three judges to the smith charges of ludinal serious behavior. On tap according to defense attorneys his testimony from undercover Broward Sheriff's deputies who stripped naked for a dip in a hot tub of club trappies too and who secretly recorded video footage of couples making love during pre-raid maneuvers at trappies and February. This is America, baby. Keep this in mind, your pant tax money for this crap to go on, okay? A ruling from the court on motions to dismiss is unlikely this week, however, a three jurist led by County Judge Lisa Trackman also includes judges Fred J. Brumann, Robert W. Williams. The case stems from the sheriff's raid in February on trappies and a raid in January on the now closed Athenia's form in your Pompano Beach. The first in the case has gone national with the raids becoming the subject of jokes on several TV programs including the tonight show in some float of many residents of registered their own happiness with the rest on radio talk shows and in 50 email and full messages a day to the Harold. Of the 50 people arrested at the club's 10th and ruled in a pre trial intervention program in Pater Fine, others have had their cases dismissed. The rest are fighting the second to be misdemeanor charges, claiming that their sex lives are their business and that they did nothing illegal. Two Broward school teachers arrested at a thing as form had been suspended with pay. For Lauderdale Lawyer Fred Halpern who represents eight defendants had new facts about the police investigation of the trappies of come to light as the results of documents filed in the case. He said as many as eight visequad detectives registered as members of the club in the days before the raid. The man and he said the shoot a very granular video tape of what police say with Lou B. Havier. A spokesman for the Broward Sheriff's office said he didn't know whether such a video was filmed club co-owner Alan Masta who was one of those arrested said an officer apparently was able to conceal the camera and a fanny pack. On pitch I know who one of the guys was, Mr. Fanny pack our friend you know. Two detectives the man and a woman stripped in God into one of the club's three hot clubs with a male patron helper and said other officers don't tell us and observe swinging couples in rooms at the back of the club where nine married couples having sex with their married partners were arrested. Other lying in pink also on the witness list helper and said our several members of the Fort Waterdale Police Department which was not involved in the raids. Ray Hall or Fort Waterdale officer arrested a trapeze with his wife testified an earlier hearing that he had researched the idea of attending the club by asking his colleagues that they thought clubs were were sex was consent and couples occurred was illegal. He said that they told him they believed they were legal. He was doing his research is what he was doing. Ray. This is going on tax dollars are being spent all kinds of lawyers are getting their ass involved and this just absolutely unbelievable unacceptable. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay sir. I just got a couple comments on the show last time. Yes sir. Chris Rock. I mean it's each professional shot. Right. Everything is black black black. Don't you talk to me? No telling. He makes so much money for such lack of talent. Another thing. But when you got a guy that can't feel 15 or 20 seconds to her three times and can't add a live better than he did. I mean he couldn't live at all. They keep telling me to stretch. La Vita, local. I was embarrassed for him. I mean he says a couple of funny things but come on. Another thing would be around for three and a half hours. You better say something funny. Yeah. You just said it. I called to tell you that too but you said it will submit. When he said that that he doesn't curse or whatever he doesn't know violence, I thought of it that he's trying to be like goody two shoes are. That's right. That's what he was trying to show how good he is. I mean how much has come back the other guys. What does he care for the people cursing his own to there and they're sorry. What did he have to tell them? There was one good line after that because Chris Rock said after you got through with that, oh I curse all the time. And you would have thought that there had been a lot of laughter and it was like this deafening silence. Like all of a sudden, Will Smith had, you know, he had subdued the whole audience into this feeling of goody two shoes. Yeah. And a couple of things, some of the women that were on, I never saw that girl that I grew in Christina Aguilera. Yeah. She's terrible looking. She's scankey. Yeah, I thought she was from reason you think what you heard that song she looked hot because of that voice, whatever. She's disgusting. Yes, she can't sing too good into it. She looks horrible but other than that, she kind of reminds me of like a female in sink. It looks like crap and can't sing. It's like a bird. Her nose is weird. And then I say what didn't sink is terrible. They dance like more. They dance like idiots. Yeah. They had a great time. I think they're terrible. The clue to them was this later, Singella came out when they did a record with Gloria Estefan that she said you were there talent lies. You know what I'm saying? Like in the back of the room. And Madonna is aging terribly. She was horrible. I don't know if you saw her. For 86, you don't look too bad. I don't know. I think she's the best. She's an old, what do you want? She's an old bag now. What do you expect? Yeah. I was glad that she got the one to work because I was getting so tired of that Lauren Hill stuff. I was happy for her. I don't even like Madonna, but I do like that song. Yeah. And she was psychotic. George tells me that when they had the final which I had already gone to bed, but the final award the video of the year, and Lauren Hill got up Madonna sat there with the real sarcastic pissed off look on her face. Do you want to know who looked the best last night? Yeah. The Schrochner who came on with Diana Ross, the little thing on her bread. Right. She looked hot. No, they went off the track. A little little hit. Yeah. So I thought the whole show was not going to be pretty weak. It was boring. The group, the music just happened. If they had any balls at all, like I said, they could have brought Tom Green in there and really made it into a wild thing and had a lot of fun with it, but they're real paranoid and funger-pussies. The music today is terrible. I mean, I don't like any of the groups. They're not one. Okay. Right. No. Bad news, you're at it. Yeah, a good time, huh? My five. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. As we continue dissecting and directing, I'll not be erecting part. Can't do that. North Miami Beach, hello. Neil, got good morning. Yes, sir. Neil, it's just according to the answer. You're talking about music because that's what I wanted to talk to you about. Yes. I just invented a machine, which behaves like a piano. It's an electronic piano, but you can do much more than it. And it's much easier to play with. Yeah, I'll play with the sound of sound like you're playing with it right now. Come, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and see you last while we need it in the real short call there. 21, before 11 at five, sixty, WQM, you better be a little guy. 155, with five, sixty, WQM, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. 21, 200 open line, Sporea. Here's Miami, hello. You're here, sir. Okay, sir. Listen, I'm 25 and I'm in the so-called quote unquote MTV generation, I hate MTV. And they're only a couple of years. Have you been shooting at least three videos a day though? Yeah, well, it's always the same three. Yeah, that's another thing I hate music videos to. I believe it enough, but there are a couple of things in the ACOME programs and MTV. They're like, then there's something that I hate like a real world with these shaw, these teenagers and Malibu complaining about. All these Malibu just didn't know about it. I hate Malibu all the way to by the way. Let me ask you, is that the real world? No, not totally not. EGNL complaining nobody understands me, but you know, you're talking about law and health. I have a friend who let me to take or actually let me to the CD. And the first thing after I give back to him, like, you know what, I don't get what's this all about, you know? And she's like, well, you just have to understand the lyrics that I don't think I'm thinking. Understand what lyrics. Yeah, you're all. Yeah, and it's like, all I hear is a woman with an open dictionary, plug in up dictionary words, mixing in your yo and her. Right. You know, and I'm thinking pseudo and music. And she looks like a crap and she's got a bizarre wacky ear. I added to it about everything. Yeah, and it's like I'm thinking pseudo intellectual. I mean, I mean, big, you know, it's like, I don't get it. I don't understand. You know, and you're talking about, you know, MTV and just know, you're talking about, you know, TV and it's just nothing but pseudo intellectual and hype jobs, you know, and I just, you know, you know, I just don't get it. You know, with, with, well, that's why the only things I watch in MTV anymore now, since I got all of the people on these other shows are TRL because at least in the, at least in the people that watch can call in and vote for the videos that they want to see, which are usually ones, most of which I like, in Tom Green, which is a history of you. I mean, I like that. I don't know. There's nothing there. Right. I mean, Tom Toronto blows MTV away any day of the week. You know, obviously music. Yeah, and, and, you know, like I said, you know, I mean, big deal like you said, you know, the viewers' choice. I mean, you know, if I was, if I was a musician, I would want to own either to, to, when the award of, you know, a making a most money or being a viewers' choice. I mean, everything else is like, everything else was political. Yeah. The word, it's pretty Martin's, is hot. So we're, let's give Ricky Martin a bunch of awards. Right. And it is some kind of a, I don't know what it's all about. So we better make sure that you get to least three or four. Absolutely. And the other thing, you know, you're talking about Joseph Gakin. You say that he's boring. I've given one better. He's also extremely arrogant, which is pretty good if it talented, right? But, you know, I hear, for example, today's all more than boss. And I think what they should do. And I think, you know, like, you know, like somebody cares what he's doing. Absolutely. Oh, and by the way, my final thing here. I don't know if you heard, but Ray, Red G. died. Yeah, I mentioned that before. I don't know if he was a little shocked. I didn't even know he was sick. I didn't either. If he said that he came out with the, uh, with an article of, you know, a city, he had cancer, whatever. I never saw it. No, I don't either. All right. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. One of the good guys in town, which, like I said in the media, we don't have too many. We've got a lot of jackasses like Barry, who was continuing by the way, his big, good device, a thing with Joe Angel and David Bryan. You know, and it's one thing to break that story, which he did yesterday. That's fine. Go to legitimate story. To continue again today, Barry, and to try to drive a wedge and see how divisive and up noxious you can be. It's part of the course. Five, a lot of open lines here. This shocks the hell out of me. I mean, we talked about this for eight million weeks about this thing coming up last night. Anybody watching this show? Oh. Five, six. Oh, that's right. It's era of Russia. Shana, I forgot the illock won't be calling today. That's, uh, this week's excuse. It's Jewish holidays now for the next 10 days. Then it'll be you on kipper. There we go. I don't care. He has to do the rest of September of desperation. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Maybe some of the glam watch that show last night. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? I got a couple of comments and a question. I thought Chris Rock was hilarious last night. Why? Why is that? I thought he was just straight from the lip. He just spoke with he felt. Well, I don't know. To me, it seemed very contrived. He kept saying the same thing over and over again about La Vita, La Loco, and get a new video. And we've seen it a million times. All right. He said it kept saying the same thing over and over again. And about black this and black that and white guys trying to be black guys. I mean, you know, some things are funny if you say him once, but when you keep repeating over and over again, they kind of like lose the edge. You know what I'm saying? He had Jennifer Lopez pretty good too though. I like that. But he, but that was the same thing again. Jennifer Lopez has asked Ricky Martin's that very funny if you said it was a one to twice, but he kept saying it for three and a half hours. I have a great America West story. Yeah. Fluid Las Vegas last week. I took a Mac away for the first time. I usually take content, but I'll make the stop in Houston. You know. I took a Mac away. Let me tell you something. This is the first and last time we'll ever take that out of my life. I get to four loiter days of the morning. We get up. We start loading the plane. I'm in first class. And all of a sudden they start loading and saying they stopped loading the plane all of a time. And they get on to the speaker and say, can everyone clear the plane? Something can look at go wrong now. Apparently a catering truck slammed into the side of the one of the brand new planes. And they had to find out if the plane could fly with his dent in it. So they didn't tell anybody. So I get on the plane finally. And they don't have a good confidence booster. Oh, my god. A little bit in the side of the plane, but we'll see if we can get this thing up in a year. So apparently the truck slammed into the plane. And they finally got everyone and we made it there. Right. So I said, the flight back can't be just as bad as it happened. But it's not this. My father was flying into Newark and I was flying at the floor loader now. So we both had a connecting Phoenix or Vegas. So we both arrived in Phoenix, you know, for a connecting flight. And we see each other. We start laughing. Then right next to each other, a flight. A little bit of flight to the late again. Here's flight, something's wrong with the plane. And our flight, one of the planes can't leave because something's wrong with the plane. That's supposed to be the party. So we eat, sit there for two hours each. There you go. I've never seen anything in the world like this. The worst, the worst, the worst. Never again, pal. I was just saying that to a American man. I just started one more question. What TV were you recommending yesterday? They had taxis. They 50 to winch the, what are they called? The UNO, what is it, even that? Whatever. The ultra vision. Oh, I talked to you better than the Sony. I like it better. Thank you very much, man. Okay, pal. Have a great day. I'm just upset with that set now. You could reach in there and just grab and write around the neck. Five to five away, you back sweet boys fan something very interesting. Some little nuances which if you were pan close attention. When they were getting the award last night, and Nick reached over and grabbed the Kevin around the neck and Kevin looked real like, like, get away from me man. Real on Kevin, maybe I just imagined it. But it looked like he looked a little squirmy there. Okay, like when they were asking them outside before the concert, you guys bring your girlfriend tonight and Kevin said, oh, yeah, some of us did. And then you could see in the stands Kevin Bryan and AJ brought their girlfriends. Did how we inick bring any girls? No, no, that's okay. Just a coincidence. Oh, that bitch will be calling up again. Oh, that pineapple head fat. Don't call in that sweater. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in a pompadau, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm the eye of the door. All right. All right, this is, you like those back to boys, don't you? Yeah. How could you possibly like someone to know talent? No talent is that why there's a hottest group all over the world? Ah, how does group be a fair, young guys and those young little girls think they're attracting? Yeah, they are, well, they're not. No? They say, where I'd tell you, but they're not. Now, you said Chris Rock was boring and a lot of people were boring on that show last. Right. But yet you like the back to boys. Right. Sometimes I don't understand you, Neil, but some of the ways of things you say just don't get me. Like what? Rock was entertaining last night. You said he did a great job. Chris Rock is entertaining every time he talks. He's a funny loser. He wasn't deletes but funny last night. I mean, maybe a couple of Snickers would Jennifer Lopez and Ricky Martin's ass, other than that he was embarrassingly bad. It was terrible. How do you think he's terrible? Sir, it's like asking me if I'm eating vanilla ice cream and I say this is really bland and you say to me, how do you think it's bland? We like me to draw you a picture to draw you a diaphragm. That's my opinion. Okay, pal. Get over it. The back street boys, Chris Rock who I can take relief last night I could have left because he was weak. He was really, really weak. And I don't come on to watch his show hoping that it's bad or hoping the MC bombs. I'm not hoping for that. I'm not going to live best three hours in my life watching something hoping it's going to be really weak. The whole thing was weak. Like I said, gotless and spinyless, putting a show on in delay because they're and bleeping a few things out, including some Chris Rocks line because MTV is so paranoid because they've been burned in the past because God forbid somebody should say, f*** on the ear. Keeping in mind again, it's a cable show. It's not an over the air show. It's a freaking cable show. They can say the F-word, they can say whatever they want. Like they do in Europe on the channels. They had that TV 14, like the whole time it was on. Ah, that one covered up. Okay, because f***, no, God forbid. Somebody 13 and a half should hear the F-word. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. You can't understand. See, I hate to break the news here. And everybody sees the world through your eyes. Okay, no, that comes as a real shock to you, sir. Not everybody agrees. Maybe the majority of people in the audience is morning thought, oh Chris Rock was really great last night. The people who watched that show. You know something? I don't care. He sucked. Anybody that's getting paid big bucks who's supposed to be a real funny guy who can't at live and feel 15 seconds here 30 seconds there. That's not a funny guy. That's a guy. They can read lines that somebody writes for him. But be that as a man. I'm glad you enjoyed it. And I'll also glad you hate to back street boys. Okay. Here's Hollywood, hello. There you are. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. How are you? I'm doing great. I think I am kind of great because Chris Rock is normally a pretty, pretty funny guy. I agree. Just have a small man. He took some doggy down or just not because he just wasn't on it. He didn't have any material. I think the funniest one was in the beginning when you say you talked about Jennifer Lopez coming into your house. That's right. That was in that last. Right, that ended up at Tommy Lee about he came out with her. He came into his house. Right. I was about it. I mean, everything in your right stretching this. I mean, I was kind of surprised. I mean, the very fact that he had to say that they're telling me to stretch. Just you know, you do a little material or stretch. That's how your stretch and fill a gap. Not come on. They were like, oh, what are I going to do now? They're telling me to stretch and I got no material. So living in La Vita, La Vita, La Vita, Loco, you know, was like he was desperate. Unbelievable. Yeah. I find a way my fully old son. He's like, I hate to admit this, but he loves the back street boy. There you go. I mean, the kids fall in a half. He knows like every word of every song. Well, that's the demographic. It's actually embarrassing. Okay, every day. Okay, every day. And by the way, I hate to break the news that guy called a couple of calls ago. But they're concert here on Wednesday. They had to add a second concert Tuesday. They're both sold out. And the tickets are going for a thousand bucks a piece. And I'll be sitting there in the front row, okay, sir. And to you, all right. Can understand how I like it because they're great because they can sing. I know that comes with a great shock to some of you, but they can actually sing. What a shock. And especially is compared to most of the people around that show last night. I don't want to mention their names like Lauren Hill or in Stink or Ricky Martin. But compared to them, they're just some of the great recording artists in history and mankind compared to some of those other people. I think nine inch nails in that brilliant performance last night. And I love that little boy. I have no idea what that's been. Maybe they were hanging out with Lauren Hill before the show because it was totally incoherent. I guess you had to do a lot of drugs before the show. You would enjoy it a more. Wrong ones. Three, three minutes before 11 at five, 60 WQA and Poggy. Pushed that his nose is clean and never clicked up in it. Cati's running for the White House. So he just candid minutes. He's just so drunk and that's not all even down a few people. He's talking to me, drunk with you. He even dropped some messages. Why will George just come out and simply say he did it? He'd return the flag with shock there now. So it's not here God damn business. He did more than what you think. But he watched it tell the same. And he pre-curphal came to hash. That's the question that he does. And he made you point much clearer. I could raise her on a mirror. And he wants the two beanie. That he didn't do anything. George, push that head in. Push that head in. Never put the thing. It can't be running for the White House. He just candid minutes. George, he's green. George, he's green. George, he's green. Well, he's really so drunk. Go Brown could be here to look into what right now. Look up each nostril. It's 11 out two at five, 60 WQA. Here's my me, B. Hello. I mean, all you doing? Pretty good, sir. Good, listen. Have you seen Harold today, probably? Yes. Did you check out the section V of the seat at the Sex Club trial? Is a hot ticket? I just got through reading the article on it. I missed it. I just got just two nod to it. Yeah. And we talked about old Alonso, their house shoes and trouble. That's all of the trail I had. I don't want to make sure. Yeah, I got it. Nobody cares about it, but I got it. Here's Miami. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. Did you open the Tom Rancho last night? No, I was way beyond my mind. Oh, yeah. Me too. I was just wondering if you saw it through the repeat or not. Repeat. Oh, repeat. Oh, thank God. That's a good news. George says it was repeat. Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God. I feel like you didn't listen. I wouldn't you agree with me. I don't want to put words in your mouth. That they could have used them a lot more effectively on that show last night. Oh, the interview? Right. I watched that. No way. Oh, good choice. Oh, I don't want to continue to begin with. Did they wasted their time? I mean, they had him out in a street like riding around and cars with the old ladies and even out the numbers to call in for the viewers, choice of words and given the who the nominees were. And it was just that it wasn't that even mildly amusing by his standard. Yeah. Yeah, I don't like Chris Rock at all. So there was no way I didn't watch that. Have you been to the Tom Rancho? No. No. What is it? It's basically just a lot of the pictures. It's pretty funny. Yeah. I saw that you have a more and a little too dread or too poor. You have a lot of people by the way. Yeah. But these are real psychocase. She can't sing. She looks like crap. She's a real weirdo. And she's got a real crappy attitude. That's why she got 200 award last night. Yeah, I'm glad you were. And you made a good choice. Thanks, Paul. Yeah. Yeah, it was a crappy show. Let's be honest about it. Okay. It was really disappointing. Like all of them. All right. And if you even watched that show. But they gave it such a hype job. And I'm in so much into MTV in these videos. I figured I was compelled to watch it. The spirit of Christ compelled me. The him Christ. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And you know, and all the hypeing that they did, the thing with Robert Culp, they showed 500 times, you know, with the highlights, the clips from the previous years. They pointed out at the beginning of that thing. They were like 700 award shows on TV over here. 700. For these people sit around, most of whom are very, very marginally talented. Some know talented all. And instead around, they pat each other on a back. And they tell each other how wonderful they are. Terrific. Here's Miami Springs, hello. Hi, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Yeah. I know this is a little off topic. Last night, I get a call at 2, 30 in the morning. My wife answers the call in the ass for Alexander. Now, Alexander's my seven-year-old son. And she says, well, who's just calling? They say, American Airlines. And I said, she says, American Airlines, what do you want? And they go, well, we're just calling about a spike being canceled. He said, well, Alexander's seven, and he's not taking a flight. And we just look at each other like, what are they doing? Calling us at 2.30 in the morning asking about our seven-year-old son. Nice. So, just another great, uh... And you didn't even have a ticket from a girl somewhere? Nothing. Nothing. So, I guess they were just looking in the phone book. Yeah. Well, maybe they figured they could, uh, he knew where there was some good drugs. Well, who knows? You know, that, uh, we were, you know, kind of just looked at each other. Well, that's just... And if you were not ready to convince, just say, Oh, who American Airlines may? Yeah, I agree with that. Okay, pal. Have a great day. See, I mean, like that. They are so inept that hurt Hanklyn off on them the other day. He had a horrible experience and they shipped his luggage to, uh, he was going to San Diego for the Dolphin exhibition game out there. And they shipped his golf clubs to Seattle or somewhere. I mean, at least it begins with an S. That's American Airlines. For like I said, they don't have time to deal with a luggage and things like this. When they're too busy worrying about where to get the cocaine. And where to stick the heroin and making sure they get something to heroin in the pilot's coffee and making sure we get to hand grenades in the overhead and have them lined up just right. 15 more yesterday and like somebody said that when they had the first bus a few weeks ago, this is only the tip of the iceberg all you ramparts out there that are busy taking out full page ads in the air because so you're so offended. Instead of being offended by the media, you ought to be offended by these, all these criminals, all these thugs, all these lunatics that are working around you and with an airline at the highest people like this and it is so lacks, so lacks in other hiring practices and obviously in their security too. God wouldn't embarrass me. And as you would, you know, first it was the Pan-Angains before that. It was the cigar fishing, not all being banned in my international because some bits of it are decided she'd like the article on Castro and now it's all the drugs stuff. I mean, everywhere you look, this is the laughing stock of the universe. We had Mayor penis with this penny sales tax which, you know, this story by the way about the bus yesterday, this was the lead story on CNN and on headline news, many, many newscasts yesterday. As we make the big news again, let's hear it. It's not Florida. The laughing stock of the world, nice going Mayor. Okay, great, thank you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I'll just line. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, you know, this will up a little bit of a bunch of hype. Yeah. You probably felt a sweet before pop my cart in the emitter's cam. Yeah, I forgot there was one more award coming. So thank God, because I think that would have sent me off. I would have had a call in six today if I saw Lauren Hill get the video of today. They told me that he said some guy named Lauren's Hill. Lauren's Hill, that's correct. Right. Now, was he really being stupid? Was he just that his pathetic idea of joke? I don't know. I think it was a little bit of a single Schumer. Yeah. You know, you're pretty pretty. And then, Lauren didn't wasn't buying into a chair. I didn't find it to least for the music. She was having a lot of it off. Well, she got up tight with it, you know. Too bad. That's it. Well, now you know we're all getting old. And when you've got to see the lights of Diana Ross, Pumma Cartney and the other cameras around there, I feel like I'm an ancient man that I'm 45 years old. Steve Conner, yeah. Yeah, that's it. And at least those were the great entertainers that were out there last night. They sure were. Okay, pal. Take care. See you. 560, 750, 550, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Do we like Lauren Hill? No, can't stand Lauren Hill. I don't understand it. I mean, it's like this guy that called me before can't understand my taste. I just don't understand that. Maybe I'm wrong. I guess George is wrong. I'm wrong. This guy is wrong. Lauren Hill, maybe he's right. Put it wrong. She sucks. I just don't see what's there. Yo yo yo yo yo yo. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. All right. That's worth a. I think I should get the at least two of the awards you got last night. I think I just did as good as she does. But about any accompaniment. I'll help. Okay. How about in the background? I'm going to check your level at 560, WQFU. The wear of exploding balls. In theaters now. It's the plotbuster hit of the summer. The director of Star Wars. The producer of the Spy Who Shagme and the food cater of Muppets from Spain. It's the Muppet that's shagd Yoda. I Yoda, you are looking sexy today. How close out your pile. I'm a short squad. Hurry, crank your whew as it hits back. Since that's a hotel. I'll be hey. This is my marshmallow of love. Yeah, we have break. I'm not even an atomic breaker. I made a first deal with you Yoda. Hey, watch it with that lightsaber buddy. The Muppet that's shagd Yoda. I'm a square-wiking misspeed. So how's proud for our business doing by the way? 1114 at 560, WQA and 560, 50560, pumped by 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. Yeah. I watched the show last night. Yes, sir. And the best thing about that show I thought was that actress Denise Richards. I mean, she's a knockout. She fighters out of brain ahead. Yeah. But it was pretty good. I thought he was moderately funny, but he's hot right now. So you tend to think people are familiar when they're hot. But he wasn't, he wasn't for brain. He didn't even look lukewarm to me last night. He was, he looked really nervous and he had no material. And, you know, it's not like they announced in the day before that you're going to do this. You know, weeks and months ahead of time, they hurry you to do this gig. So you think that if you got that much time to prepare for it, and you're really on a couple of minutes out of each hour, then you really have some good material he didn't have it. You're right about what he was struggling when you was trying to fill time. I mean, he was really sweating it there. But the other thing is, the black music is such a big money maker now for the music industry. I mean, they almost have to throw it on there. And that's why I think they're winning all those awards. And when I saw Lauren Hill, when that award last night, I mean, I want this for my shoe through the TV. I mean, it is like, my son was watching it. He's ruined. He got up because he believed that crap. Yeah. I mean, it's a joke. But I mean, that's what we're stuck with now. She works with the scene rap, right at the beginning of it. Yeah, you're right. And the last thing I'm going to say is, I will grab the back. Back she's probably on Tuesday. I have great seats. I'm in the back of fifth row. I'm, you know, I'm 45 years old. I like him. I'm taking my daughter in a third time I saw them. I think that's all they got out now is great. I mean, I wish I could have wrote that song. You bet. I mean, you know, I think they're pretty good. Okay, I'll see you there. There you go, man. We can't be sure. Thanks. You've all, my, fine. You see, we have this segment of people. It goes back to the boxing thing. It goes back to this whole macho thing. We have a segment of the male audience out there. And they feel like, you know, like, uh, Olympus good. They got a like that record because it's called Nokey. You know, when he says, Nokey 50 minutes, they're going up your A. I'm like I'm told you before. They don't even have the balls to say S, you know, because this is America. It's not Europe. They have to sanitize everything. And if they said, asked, they'd probably have to bleep it up or have a TV version and a radio version that they wouldn't play the ass part, you know. But they do. Because they say a lot of other craps are no cheese. Well, God forbid, you know. So, so there's, and it's just like the thing with TRL Carson comes on there, like, uh, last month, while the back street boys were number one every day and a voting. And, uh, he's very disappointed because he of course wants to make it very clear being a macho married guy that he is that he really likes to, uh, and nokey better by, uh, Olympa Dickbiscuit, you know. Now, there's a group and their performance last night and all they did was, uh, it was, uh, do a one of the, uh, things presentations pathetic, pathetic, including the one guy that keeps falling down on the floor. The only problem is he keeps getting back up again. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale, hello. And you know, I don't. Okay. You can't confuse the MTV's or chords with the Grammy Awards. Yeah. MTV is a very narrow market and this is what those kids are listening to. But, you know, it was funny when Paul McCartney got on, they played one of the old, hello. I'm listening to your back. Yeah, when Paul McCartney came on the K played one of the classic deals to me. I'd like to hear anybody humming, uh, one of Lauren Hill songs. Nice. Yeah. You. You. Yeah. It's very wrecky. Goes, uh, he had three, um, columns when he discovered he had cancer. The first one was a shock and discovering he had at the second one he talked about his family and I was going to fight. And the third one was just a few weeks ago when he talked about how happy he was, whatever he wrote in to tell him how much they loved it. There are about 3000 letters. Yeah. But, you know, apparently off the article, uh, we're printed at times when you were on vacation. Yeah. Yeah. I had no idea. I mean, look at the paper and I see this and we just a total shock. I would not get to be one of your old. I was shocked at him. He was less than two months from the time he was diagnosed with cancer than time he died. And, you know, he looks just like me and then he just, I would have a big set guy like he was and it was kind of a shock. Well, that said, you know, I'm on my way to Chicago to take mommy to show tonight. Okay. I'm feeling well and I don't think she's going to make it down a floor again. So, spend a week in Chicago. See when they get back. Zach is on. 560, 0560, pound 560. And that was up with me. Well, it's just a way life is, you know, God works in mysterious ways with all these diseases that he inflicted on us, you know, at the Lord. Neil Pattern, baldness, rectal cancer, you know, you name it. He comes up with it. He comes up with what they call the lip, what they call it. Where are they called it? Oh, I'm out of care. He's a paralith. He must have just, you know, God on that particular day. He must have just had a bad beam or something like that. You know, a real bad frame of mind, but he invented the hair lip. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening. This is Mike from a topic that he's a marketing company. Hello. I'm listening, sir. Now, what I noticed about, I heard you saying something about police rock and has got a been dry yesterday. I said he sucked is what I said last night. He's brought up to sucks. Now, what I can he sucked last night. Sir, let me get again. I said anything over. Sir, let me stay in again. I said he sucked last night. I didn't say I don't like him. I said I thought he was very weak last night. OK. You know, I think what I noticed from your comment, though, is that when somebody like you see somebody who's similar to you, good at what they do, you don't like it. You mean like Tom Green? Oh, I love Tom Green. And so do I. Oh, there are a whole lot of people who are like it. If they're good, I'll tell you about it. Be the first one. Like Phil Henry, why not Kim? Anybody that I think is a talent. I'm delighted to tell you how to share it with the audience. I don't see what's wrong. He's, uh, she wasn't funny last night. Sir, he wasn't. He had no material. He had one or two lines that he kept repeating over and over again. And how many times do I need to say that I didn't think he was good? And I've spoken to a lot of other people this morning. We'll agree with me. I mean, I listened to your show a lot. So in other words, if I didn't think Chris Rock was good last night, I'm full. I'm a bad guy. Is that what it is? No, I'm not saying you were a bad guy. He's just like him. You're a show. You know, if you say somebody is not good at what it would do in last night. But I'm sure you better want to watch that. I get paid to give my opinion. That's all I can do. That's my opinion. That doesn't make it right. That's my opinion. Well, you did the same thing with Monica Lewinsky's case. She spent a whole week on it. But I enjoyed it. But that doesn't mean it was- With Monica Lewinsky's case? Yeah. I mean, during her situation, I mean, you're repeated the same thing for about a week. Yeah. But I enjoyed it. You were good at it. Because that was a news story. Sir, was gone when I'm for 18 months, not for a week. I'm for a week. I'm here to hear you knocking on it over. Sir, let me say it again. I would challenge Chris Rock to come in here and do one hour, not four hours. But one hour of a spontaneous talk show without any notes without any cue cards, I would challenge you to do that because he can't add lip or crap. And he showed that very clearly last night. I don't think there will be any contest there because you're a genius to watch you do. No, no doubt about it. I'll give you that. I just don't respect somebody who can't still 15 or 20 seconds a few times during a three hour telekase. I mean, let's face it. How much time did he have to fill last night? He wasn't on that much. Well, you got to get- you got to give the man his little props, you know, every man, then you go in the industry. You know, he still got room for improvement. Yeah, he's got a lot of room for improvement. No doubt. Who'd you rather have seen last night being the host of the show, Chris Rocker, Tom Green? I'll tell you what, I'll rather prefer to see you on the show last night. Okay, well next year, I'll be there next year. Thank you. Tom Green would have been funnier the first 10 seconds without saying anything. Just what that crazy look on his face. That's right. You know, you're a crack coming out of his mouth. You would have been on a floor, peeing in your pants. Okay, there's a guy who's funny is Tom Green. Not just a guy who keeps coming on wine in the same racial stuff about old black tears and black that- why do you think old black magic for quite an out loud? God, get really old and pondress that's all you talked about. Back he should have got the mop out. At least he did on something constructive. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless one. In fact, I can just see him in one of those porno joints with a 25 cent boot. He'd be good with a mop in there. You a good job for him. Here's Miami, hello. Uncle Leo. Yes sir. Tom Green's hilarious, but I don't know why. I have a few comments. I don't know how many did you touch on, but first of all, what's with all the gum chewing? You're going to get into a ward. Come out. Good point. I realize it's only MTV, but at least I have a little bit of class, right? The other thing is Jean Garoffalo, I can't figure out her appeal yet. Carson Dalia, two words for him. Jenny Craig. Yeah. Pamela Amherton. Atlanta third word boring. You didn't have the no-do as waking up. Absolutely. Pamela Anderson looked like a Mustang Ranch prostitute. But the good thing is she had that huge hat that covered up her whole head all the way down to her. It's you know, so that was good. Thank God. As far as Kid Rock, his body makes me want to kiss. So please keep her shirt on. Yeah. And I thought it was kind of amusing when a two-pock and Biggie's mom got on there. And I think two-pock's mom was going to get nominated for some award. And when she opened the award, it was like the mother was expecting the award to go to two-pock. And then, eh, with the somebody else. Yeah. Tommy Lee, you're just disgusting. Oh. The audience booty him. I thought they were going to get up and have a riot and kick his hands down to there. Terrible. Did you see when Ricky Martin, you can almost hear collective grown when he's saying, I love you to look at the street. So pick a that song. I will say this. Yeah, but you know, but like I said, he would adjust duck to that and he'd have been okay. Because he can do that fine. He's got enough practice. And number two, all he does is shake his ass. Yeah. And then they make a lot of noise and that's fine. It covers up the fact that he can't sing. But when he started singing that new single of his, I wanted to cry. I mean, it was just pathetic. That's what I was thinking. Oh, he was exposed at that moment. Victor the, uh, Huchi Kuchi baby. Absolutely. The, uh, the Jennifer Lopez, I, you know, she looks ethnic. I'll give you, I really took a good look at her. She looks ethnic, but I, she's not really ugly. We, we might disagree on that. I don't know if the word is ugly, but I think this is pointing, you know, she sure that's not needs a lot of work. You could put a roadmap on it. Yes. Is there something with the nose? Yeah. Madonna, can I get the throw up sound? She was terrible. Uh, that boy swim, you know, have to be the most uncorrismatic being alive. Uh, which would those do up there? But what's with that one weird guy, the, the one, the, that fruit cake with the glasses that looks like it's about praying on a bad day? Yeah, with the skinnier. Oh, she is, uh, tripped. Unbelievable. And, and I have to say there's two bonuses last night though. One, one. Oh, wait. It's Mark Anthony. Oh, God. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Uh, the two bonuses of the night were when the Jerry Mooreblier chick came out. She has great legs and the bonuses when sometimes women are wear dress. It's opaque, but when you have a million lights on it, it becomes see through. And you see your nipples with the dress. Bonus. Great. And the, uh, they've been going right. The one black, the black chick that came out and Diana Ross was playing with her, uh, Yeah. Excellent. Yeah, she was, uh, Diana, my two was the highlight. Have a great day, Neil. And back to you. See ya. Oh, by the way, there's Mark Anthony. You can't think for shit. Guy, no. 26 after 11 at 5. 50 WQM is Friday. You first, please. Hey, Ricky, I know I have no new year's of it. So I'm not ready. Hey, Ricky. Hey, Ricky, what you done with the food? I'm taking touch in November. Hey, Ricky. Hey, Ricky. Hey, Ricky. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. Have a great day, activate good stuff,s mezin limited time in the angelschinina lit Again., yeah. Z barn, lion. And all night long up in the hall hall, in my bed got sleeping time. You're going to be tonight, today, to my next side, I'm a world-body woman. You're going to be tonight, I'm a world-body woman. You're going to be a world-body woman. Hey, Mickey, tell me why you're still circumcised in Ricky. Hey, Mickey, how's that the person with whom? And when you feel that you're still circumcised in Ricky? Just tell me why you're still circumcised in Ricky. You're going to be a world-body woman. You're going to be a world-body woman. You're going to be a world-body woman. You're going to be a world-body woman. You're going to be a world-body woman. You're going to be a world-body woman. You're going to be a world-body woman. You're going to be a world-body woman. Okay, it's 11.32 at 5.60. WQM. What have we got today? We got Hank at 2. We got the Jimmy Johnson Show 5.6. We got Sister Clock Clock in baseball with Donny B. And then we got the Marlins and the Reds. That's Sister D. Pre-Game 7 o'clock tonight. Nice to have a very Jackass. Maybe before the season is out, you can cause enough stick between Joe and Angel and David Bryan that they don't speak to each other. By the way, speaking of that, joined 2 AM Broadcasting Live from a hockey-fest 99 tomorrow from noon to 5 enjoy interactive games. Meads Lord of Panther players and lots more at the National Cartesian Center. And the rumors have it that they need to sell a lot more season tickets. I don't want to say, but that's what I'm the... That's just a vibe that I'm getting. I'm not saying anybody actually said that, but I'm just picking up that vibration. That season ticket sales aren't exactly what they were last year that the bloom is a little bit off the rows. And that we better keep probably a real, real, real healthy. I mean real healthy or the Marries will be on the bus before November. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Niel. Yes, sir. I'll tell you what, I'm 39 years old. I was a little excited about watching that show last night. They kept playing those reruns of Niel Young and Pearl Jam a couple of years ago. Yeah. I was really looking forward to it. I missed the first 20 minutes. And I think the first thing I saw was, who is that guy, root boy, swimmer, whoever he is? I'm there performing this. Somebody actually sat down and said, we're going to take this song praise you. We're going to put people up there and he's puffy blue blankets. Yeah. And in the middle of the song they're going to rip them off and they're going to have these street quarters like suit. Yeah. I don't know what the hell that was all about. Which I think that a club. The thing that gets me is, I mean, I'm a closet musician. I've been playing in St. Louis 10 years old. And I didn't hear a single musician last night on that show. Not a single one. Yeah. How much is Tyler? I must have gotten to bed before he came on. Yeah. But for what I watched every act that was up, it was awful. It was either rap or it was on the 9 inch nails. I don't know what that thing was on. They were the only cool here. They must have got the good stuff. I have no idea what they were like. And you know, I would never buy a long hill record. But I have to disagree with you. She really can't sing. I don't know if you've ever listened with you with the food you used. But she had a song. They did a remake of the Roberto. Maybe she can't stop. Right. And she can't sing when she wants to. Maybe she can sing, but she's hearing it lately. All right, Neil. Okay, fine. She's glad that you're not buying a record, too. By the way, she don't want no white folks buying the record. She don't have to worry about us. Is there any chance that? No. No. I could go into the records store and clean out every bin. But somehow the Lauren Hill bin, I was just, oh, sorry. Miss that one. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You got no credibility. I mean, you put in a good one, Julio. 560, 560, pound 560. And that's why you're listening to the show, isn't it? Yeah. I must be the answer because I guess it turns you on. Maybe that's for your squeezing yourself right now. Julio, not a cone. Who got on? 560, probably he's boyfriend, you know. And pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Nobody cares why, but I think that's why they're all a listen. Including you. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. He said eight words. I mean, he didn't. I mean, he stuck with it for eight words, now. I mean, I'm just tired. Yeah, I want to say some. You're the best talk host going. Everybody listens to you. And then you could these guys are cooperating. Yeah, yeah. You know, I listen. A little criticism. Anybody can add a little criticism. But the idea that I'm so so obnoxious and so detectable and then what Wait a minute, in the fact that anybody who would say that is listening, like I told you a million times before. It's not a commentary on me. It's a commentary on them. What are they listening for? Exactly. If he's so homophobic and uptight about what I put in my mouth and where and when I think the word is not homophobic. I think it's jealous. Neil, you stay. You you kept quiet and let him talk and he could even. He wanted to come out. And I finally had a dump of me. Yeah, I know. But, you know, I want to tell you about last night. I have three, I have two teenagers in a seven year old. Yeah. And because of you listening to the D.E. yesterday, I watched this, these awards last night. I'm sorry. Well, I'll tell you. I'm trying, you know, I have these kids have every radio in the house. Yeah. While the song was working out last night, he was listening to this stuff. I told him I was going to sit down and watch you with him. You know, bonding, right? Six minutes into the monologue. I was going to stay in Chris Rock anymore. Yeah. I mean, it's the same thing. You know, it's like when he first started out, he was good. Like, it's not written form, like in the movies. He's just good in the movie. He's a stale his last year's breath. He can't even read. You know, he can't. He must have repeated 12 times about these want to be. Nick or, you know, and and stuff like that. And, you know, I don't. He couldn't come up with anything. No, I had six minutes. I had them in the own room. I had a TV. I had a turn. Something else on the couldn't stand it. You know, but in the movie, he's scripted. No, he's good, but this. There are a lot of people like that there. They're fine as long as they stick to the script. But if you ask them to add a live, but two words forget it there. That's the right between somebody who's a talent and somebody who can read a line good. He couldn't stay with you in an hour. You know, exactly right. Great show. Okay, pal. Bye. Cheers. Watch out for the big. Five six, seven, five, sixty rhymes with big. And pound five, sixty on the 18th and T wireless line. Well, he said nigger, okay. Is there something wrong with that? No. What he said. I mean Chris Rock was the one that made it into a whole racial thing in the first place. And I was thinking of myself, you know, if there was a white guy up there talking about all these parts is trying to make money with music like white people or making comments like that. They would have dragged them off the stage. They would have had to go to them right, police in there, dragging them off the stage. Oh, my God. Here's a racist on there. Here's a clandman. But some reason, you know, now that the issue was on the other foot, it's just black that and yada yada. I mean, how about who cares what color they are there if they can sing if they're music is good. That's all I'm looking for. I don't give a crap, you know, what color they are on a guy damn Richter scale. All the way, do like Malcolm. In fact, you're more I see him the more I like him. 21 before noon is five, sixty. WQAM. And I was kind of stretching. Hey, this is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. You need some needles and no care. Got it, Mark. Underwear. Ooh, you'd make you want to cry. You'll know from where it came. Done the cramps drive you insane. Ooh, you'd make you want to die. Ooh, you should've bought some. Cause now you just run. Diary, you need fun to have ya. Dancing in the rest room of mine. Eating circles, not that's not done. You've been need five different ones. Sixteen till noted five, sixty. WQAM. By the way, did you know the Google Dolls were from Buffalo? Did you know that? Well, now you know that. Not that you care, of course. But they happen. The on right now, this is a matter. Since we're music intensive today. Anyway, here's a facts from Steve who lives at the hotel. I'm still a hotel American in Amsterdam. Said to be a facts with a little news clip. But does that reveal expected to become law next year? The government of the Netherlands recently proposed to loosen restrictions on youth CNB. SOAP DIVAH was granted. More of such information. A-group below these are computer behave. OUR How are you gonna go? on the hotel Pulitzer. So here's this letter to the editor in a Sun-Sentalist morning like I said at the beginning of the show today. I can't imagine any newspaper if somebody were to write a virulently anti-Semitic letter to the editor. I mean really blatantly and with all kinds of inaccuracies and just go testly bigoted or a racist letter to the editor. I really have doubts that any newspaper responsible or not would put it in there. But here's the lead letter to the editor in a Sun-Sentalist morning in a big fat letter from our Sun-Sentalist morning in a big fat letter from our Sun-Sentalist morning in a dark night. Don't ask, don't tell columnist said joke. It says, the editor-al by Janet E. Halley concerning don't ask, don't tell as a joke. Having a gay man in the confined quarters in which the military requires men to operate is the same as having a heterosexual man dressed as a woman and confined quarters with military women who don't know that there's a man under that dress. Their privacy and personal space what there is of it is unknowingly violated. The other issue is this, we live in a democratic society. The majority rules express to our congressional representatives. Majority rules, so in others if you want to be a bigoted in your part of the majority, you have a right to do that. According to our Sun-Yo. This being the case, the latest statistics that I've read declare, now wait to hear this, the latest statistics I've read declare that about 2% of the US population is either gay, lesbian, or has experienced a homosexual act. Now that's interesting because Kinsey discovered way back when I think it was in the 50s he did his research that 30 to 40% of men had experienced at least one homosexual act. You see his girlfriend also says, there are no homosexuals or heterosexuals, there are homosexual acts and heterosexual acts, etc. and so on. But anyway, our Sun-Yo, not being confused with the fact and coming up with these ridiculous statistics, goes on to say, why are we allowing 2% of the population to dictate to the other 98% what we tolerate. In this democratic society of Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, etc., the majority believe homosexuality be in a bombination to God. They are against special status for homosexuals, against being forced to submit their children in school to homosexual ideas and to what is acceptable sexual behavior, against having their spouses and the military being forced to co-habitate with gays and lesbians. Adult reason of bombination to God, we allow teachers to offer adult reason acceptable lifestyle. Certainly more than 2% of the population is committed adultery with the divorce rate of almost 60%. If we are allowing this and why are we allowing the 2% of the gay lesbian community to dictate to us what is and what is acceptable? Are we scared of not being politically correct? Are we adulterers given special legal status? I'm not proud of what our president's done in the past regarding his immorality. I didn't vote for him, however, eventually admitted his mistakes and continued forward and repents for that I supported him. When was the last time you heard one of the 2% of the gay population of the community saying that he or she was sorry for being gay or lesbian and that he or she is asking for God forgiveness and to help them to change? Do we want God forgiveness? No, want to change? No, I'm sorry. The family research institute of Washington, the C conducted a national random survey and of course we know about Gary Bowers family research council that it was just a random survey of 40 to 140 adults. If those had meeting to being gay or lesbian, 85% of the men in 29% of the women reported that their first sexual experience was homosexual. Well, now let me ask you this. How could 85% of the men have said that if only 2% of population has ever experienced a homosexual act? Our city all. Tag it. Are you following these great statistics and a some sentinel goes ahead and puts this convoluted crap in the newspaper? That they had been exposed to one solicited homosexual or an ancestral access children and adolescents, miscelled and in some cases including rape by their fathers, brothers, uncles, etc. That's still leave the 15% of the 2% who may have been born that way, which equals 15 times 2% point 3% or point 003. As these warped statistics continue here from our scenario. I think we'll ask the our city all. Look at it. Make it come back. Let's take a vote on both issues by those that these issues directly affect how about a sentinel, how about a 1-800 number vote? Our city or Rodriguez in Oakland Park? How dare they? And like I said before, we don't have a don't ask don't tell. We have don't ask do kill is what we have. See, it's not the straight people in the military who are ever even to be nervous and concerned. It's the gay people in the military like very windshield who ain't feeling too good anymore. Those are the people that have reason to be very concerned and looking over their shoulder because they want to be in dead from baseball bats to the head. Every other civilized, every other westernized country in the world, including Israel and Canada, which are two or the latest, has gays in a military and these people sleep in the same quarters and life goes on and nobody gets molested. In fact, all of them all are stationed cases we read about are by heterosexual men against women in a military. Vignan's of them. So I guess maybe we shouldn't have women in a military either based on our senior's logic there because it makes for a real dangerous environment and too much tanky, tanky going on of the heteroperative, by the way. That this letter, I'm going to save this. I'm saving this for posterity. I'm never going to lose this letter. The fact that the Sun Sentinel will put a piece of garbage in the newspaper with these ridiculous statistics, which even contradicted within the letter itself. 85% of the men in a one study, but only 2% of the people in the country ever even had a homosexual experience. Anybody figure this out? No. Only our senior when his work comes off all the hysterical, good Christian mind. Only this bit can figure it out. His name is Rodriguez, by the way. Here's Miami. Hello. Captain, who knew? Yes, sir. Come. Yeah, I just had my ma. Have you seen these common house begging for money? And it's pretty funny figuring how I get stopped on the regular occasion. And after like already planned like on my way to work, after planned like 15 minutes stop usually because like a teenager I get pulled over a lot. And usually for no reason. And they call my house. I hope you told them. No. Oh, yeah, I told them not that he was talking about. Tell them you're a little short. He told us I was trying to be really nice to him and I hang up on them and then I told him, no, he told them. He's just like, okay, please. Oh yeah, the last time I ate one of the gross cause I said, I'm afraid it can't help you out this year. He's like, oh yeah, right. So I'm like real sarcastic, which made me feel real proud that I had to tell them no. Oh yeah, but it's a great considering how they like to stop me and then they go away from money and go and raid, swing clothes and go regulate other people sexual lives, private sex lives and nobody care about. Yeah, Tom, Tom, go raise some more money at the trick club prepies. Oh yeah. Okay, pal. All right, slow down. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the 182 wireless line. Here's the rail. Hello. Good morning sir. We're going to see you. All right, listen, you took the words right out of my mouth. When you said about this, if there was a white community in talking about black people, oh my God, that guy. All right, the book was that a gun nut. Oh, she's the NAACP would have been on the horn. They'd had Jesse Jackson on the day. They would have had to apologize for a couple of hours. Exactly. Well, what was this reverse racism crap on there where black people come on and make all kind of the meaning remarks about white people and it's supposed to be funny. That's right. Only two, if you notice, the only two material that black communities have is either one, how badly they got beaten up by their mothers when they were kids, that you can't get away with now. And secondly, about white people. Oh white people are like this, but us black people, we, you know, the stuff we do is more cool. Well, the Jefferson's were funny. Yeah, yeah, right. Another thing I did see that show yesterday and the whole time I watched it, I thought about you. I said, Neil's going to rip the hell out of this because it's really bad. You know, it's really, really bad. It was. It was. And you know something, that's my own fault because when was the last time you saw a good award show? A award show is suck. Yeah. And there are a bunch of overdressed silly ass people sitting around. I'd like to be very important. And of course, you know, I'm applauding themselves in each other. And most of me, each other like Poison, anywhere in a jealous is all hell. And pretending to be real happy when somebody else wins the word that they're nominated probably. That's a performance plan tonight, right? From you guys. Go ahead. I'm going to get mad. That's another thing I was going to tell you. Whenever I go to a special occasion or somewhere where I can really like show off, I mean I try to dress nicely. What? What is the case with people putting on t-shirts? Coming up, looking like they just like, well, don't you want me to look like the artist who used to be the artist's one, who I'm going to be known as and then used to be the friends before that. He looked like a little bit of the, yeah. He looked like a little girl. Yeah. When I saw him sitting in the eyes, little red riding hood with purple on. Right. When I saw him in the eyes, I said, what's that? Little purple riding hood. And then they showed him a gaggle. Oh, look who that is. Maybe it was the purple people leader. Yeah. I'll see if I can. Alright, thanks. I apologize to anybody who watched that crap last night because I told them about it and talked about it yesterday. I'm sorry. I wish I, not only wouldn't have talked about it, I wish I wouldn't have watched it. Could have played part cheesy. Could have picked my nose for three hours, had a more entertaining time. How can you be picking on Chris Rothman? He's great. Okay. Whatever you say. No, it's, well, I'll look at there's a music group you like. Maybe woman, any wind. And the winner is. Back, straight boy. Back, straight boy. Oh, I have to say. I do like that video. I can't stand her, but I do love the video. This her hair was clean last night. She was okay. I was happy for her. I don't even like her, but I was happy for her. Oh, little tem because she was getting screwed all there. She was getting screwed all the time with a face on. And you're saying to rock, please. I think that was that Diana Ross or Michael Jackson. No, I was Diana Michael when the touch did. Maybe Janet would have. In fact, I know Janet would have squeezed in. You notice how Janet comes out there like a cow. You see her in the beginning. Very cow. Man, oh man. You could, each one of her boobs could make into a planet. That rhymes with. Maybe she's, maybe she has in planets. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050 on the AT&T Wireless line. And I'm not a little bit scared. I'm not a cat. I'm a water tank. I'm not a water tank. You're not guilty. Clear the ball, five charts. Nobody's hard to move. I found anything today. Hello, I'm Tony Martin and I'll be found there guilty. So that's I can play football because now I know those are the things I got to say. And I don't know. If that's the truth, you, there's now I can be louder money than to earn with my new money longer in store. The sauce, I guess the thing is, I don't know. And that's all I got to say. So is it the need to be clean and clean? Local game, grass or stoning TV. If you've been pimped into money for your crack and hoe, that's what the money longer in store before. Tony Martin is money laundering so I think advantage of Tony's brand opening special and get your free copy of Jimmy Johnson's 1999 Judiciary Graph guy. I hope you guys will. So go all day to hunt and put football. So everybody, boys, have the first to make it. Why do I stand the sham in our promotion department says Jordan and I folks like a butterfly. Two minutes past noon at 5.60, WQA and five. So it's your says that we're getting some idiots from Broward today because Broward School is out. How come those punks are calling with something to say about the MTV News of awards last night? Wouldn't you think that would a kids in Broward being out of school because it's due year tonight? Wouldn't you think that they might have something to say? I would have certainly thought that. But no one started that they got met them. That's what they got. Maybe they're talking to same crap like what's in name and Lauren Hill is talking. We just don't we. We just do not be able to stand in a language. 5. 6. 705. 60 pound five. 60 on our AT&T wireless line. Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Yes sir. At a very interesting evening last night switching back and forth between phony sports, IE heavyweight professional wrestling, which is actually quite funny and phony music. Yeah. To be it, you know, that 10 years ago I was living in LA. There was an article a commentary in the LA Times concerning rap music. I think Robert Kriske was the music editor back then I don't know. Ted Ciel too was the editor of Marshall Field Department of Search and in Chicago. Yeah. Was it possibly still as the president of interscope and made the comment that if you don't like rap music, your racist is because that's something you were saying earlier. And I immediately got on the computer wrote our wrote a commentary saying, well that's like saying that if I don't like poker, that means I hate Polish people or if I don't like opera, means I hate Italian people. Right. Yeah. There was something that was the same thing back in the 60s when I lived in Detroit. It was exactly the same thing. White people loved Motown and the black people just said, oh, that's that. Black artists singing for white folks. That's not our music, our music is James Brown and they had radio stations like WJLB and it was one other one in Inkster, we're outside of Detroit. WHP care I think it was. And black folks used to list all that music and it was they never played Motown. It was not. So it really has nothing to do with the skin color of the artist. If it isn't music that they embraces their own then then you don't like it then you were racist. What is the backstreet was other than the current version of the temptations? That's basically what it is. Isn't it that I don't even write their own songs? Who was the girl with the blue here that came out? There were two girls that came out with Diana Ross. Who was the girl with the I thought that was TLC but obviously a one that was little boob. Unbelievable. And they didn't. They're not only two. They say they have no gender, no original thought. Diana Ross is saying, wow, this is just like the Supremes all over again. And the girl with the blue here goes again. Yeah, I'll go with Diana. It's the New Supremes. I mean, not an original thought. And you took a little bit of the fire away finally. You mentioned the more on. Oh, I will let me give credit to Chris White Rock for one great line. When he was talking about that stupid guy there movie the Blair Bitch project and he was talking about $60,000. He says, who stole the 59,000? That was great to cry. That was a great line. You know, I was I get to say the. I was going to take a couple things including rap is nothing more than what the B. Nix is doing. Greenwich Village of the 50s except they added some electronics instead of Bangladesh runs. Yeah, but at least back then they weren't giving graveyel was to to to beat. Most of it is a tribute to illiteracy. And if you listen to the learning, I will say one thing for Laura and he'll whatever the name of the stupid recorder is is at least it says thing. It's my thing or it doesn't say saying. Okay. Now the fact that they actually the record labels put illiterate crap like saying on the name of a record. That tells you what it's all what to be all about. And of course, we have to mention again like I was saying the moron who used to be. The artist who used to be friends. Oh, give me. I mean he comes out he's the only guy during the whole show. I was like I said I didn't watch the whole thing go back and forth. The only guy who comes out and starts to want a microphone check. Yeah. That's the one. My microphone on you know. And that was the one. That was the material. Yeah, they want to meet up before. I didn't even know. But I decided that I wanted to introduce my favorite BNTLC. Yeah. Because they may come out. And well, that's the problem. And they're garbage. They're. They're filming one word for the show. Okay. Okay. What's timing? Nice going, Belle. There they are. TLC. Couldn't see their way. I've got them paper sack. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Hank Oldberg showed two Jimmy Johnson show with Hank 560. Here's Miami. Hello. Can you? Yes sir. Yes. I have to agree with you. First of all. You said if you don't like where I feel racing as well. I'm a black American. I guess I'm racing. I don't understand what they're saying. I'm at my mid 40s. And it's, uh, it can be me when I hear entertainers use the word, uh, and their jokes. Negatively. That. Uh, the way I was raised. And I tell my kids I, I would not have it used in my house because I was a little bit behind it. I mean, if people have been killed behind that word, they know what, um, um, uh, like American Fort. So, um, half that word, uh, from being used. Then they might not use it. But they have no sense of history. Well, I don't know what you mean by that because black people call each other, nigger in us country all the time. It's just common is that all the word did you, were you and I are using right now. Now, you know what you mean by that. Well, then I, well, not, not really, not really. That's the, you know, we don't use that word. Well, maybe you don't put, um, you know, you don't do the dirty and different. I, uh, there are, there are a lot of, uh, uh, uh, uh, black Americans that thought they used the word. Great. You do find it in, uh, up in your rap songs. And I don't get any entertainment. They used it and I'll be right back with you. Um, say the thing, if they can see it really does. What? Um, and rap. Do I think that makes me sicker than that is seeing young white people trying to emulate illiterate black people. That's where it really makes me sick. Hey, what up? What up? You know, this is crap because I think that it's hip and it's cool and it's only one thing and it's dumb and it's annoying. So with a few things. And it's in there. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Hey, what up? That's how we started Chris Rock last night. Hey, what up? You're letting her when it comes to you. What's going on? Nothing. Oh, so what's going on? I mean, now what's happening? Well, what's going on? Mr. Cool, Mr. Hip. Mr. Get him out of here. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. The Squid can't keep his pecker in his hand. And still is now from the makers of Nick and Derm. And the makers of Viagra. It's a totally new athletic supporter from Ed. It's the Viagra. Derm, Jockstraft. Not only does it protect the jewels. It enhances performance on and off the field. Yeah, I was playing football with the guys. I scored the winning touchdown and when I got home, I really scored with my girlfriend. I'm on a baseball league and I wear the new Viagra Derm Jockstraft. So today I scored two home runs and when I got home, I got the home base again. I wear a brain when I play a bingo. Oh, my wife had no really notices to difference. Rester stole the Viagra Derm Jockstraft and coming soon, the Viagra Royne Flea collar for dogs. Papa Cain has fine 50 WQN by the way. Worst performance at night last night. Oh, no, you can play. Oh, no. Yeah. It's more feminine than I am, which is quite an accomplishment. See, one of the problems is that MTV, first of all, is so narrow anywhere. They only show about 12 videos. I mean, that's basically it. So there's only about a dozen artists. You'll notice that every category, the nominees were basically the same. Other than the R&B in the rap group, but other area of the other category was the same four or five groups. Because that's all they show. It's whoever's on TRL every day and a couple of schwarzig groups. And that's it. All these great artists that you'll see on much music. And for the best example of the whole day last night is international music. They had a segment on there like it was really going to be international. All were on with the awards show in 90 countries tonight. So where do we go? Here's Southeast Asia. And here's a bunch of gooks and bad. Whatever that was, Brazil. Here's Ricky Martin again. Yeah, look at looking a lot of pink aloka. Did we see any place over there? We got Russia. And we're Ricky Martin looking a lot of pink aloka. He's doing it all over the world. Letting where he can. Did we have anywhere in Europe or of course, so they have their own MTV and it leaves got their own MTV for the country. Did we have any of that? No. Which would have been real interesting because that's a lot of music that they ought to be playing by the way on MTV. Are they playing it? No. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Tamara Killau. Who own me? Yes. You comments on last night. I watched this every year and every year we get worse and worse and worse. And one of the reasons is I think that the anticipation is more than the event. Well, I didn't have a lot of film up for this one last night. I thought the world was going to have a gigantic collective orgasm last night. Oh, I'm watching TV. He's lowering his head now. Another thing. He's been to high-p and Britney Spears the whole week. It was terrible. The sound was terrible. It wasn't even singing. She was lip-sing. The advance and wasn't what they would do when she was on for about 45 seconds. And then they got them out of there and got brought in stink on there. Plus, what were they doing with that church girl? The 13-year-old opera girl? The 13-year-old opera girl? With the Wycliffe John who acted so concerned. I did it. They did it. They made no sense. Well, I mean, Andy Lee comes out with a raincoat. What did they want us to think? Show us the big one? Yeah, that's me. My thought he was planning on doing was flashing. I mean, what was going on with a scream? What goes through there, mind's doing this? It was terrible. I want to tell you one thing. I never liked the backstreet voice, but I just only heard that one song, but the other song they did was really, really good. That's an ordinary. They were squeezing it there last night more than anybody. Okay. I'll do me a favor. Gotta play the Britney Spears song for me. Okay. Okay. Take care, Tom. I think he's squeezing it. Well, Britney, like I said, she always looks good, but she was like, head that bronze. I mean, what happened to your Britney? What did they do to your sweetheart? 14 cans of that instant tan. And most of them must have been broken her like a maniac. By the way, the song that larger than life, that's going to be the new single. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Well, I shouldn't have been saying that. I shouldn't have been saying that. I shouldn't have been saying that. I shouldn't have been saying that. That was probably the best to listen to the whole night. I'm here with my name and hi. We're in my name. All right. But anyway, okay. We still got 200 open lines here today. We started out like a house on fire. And now it's the ashes are all that's left. 567.0560. 556 on the AT&T wireless line. Okay. Okay. We still got 200 open lines here today. We started out like a house on fire. And now it's the ashes are all that's left. 567.0560. Okay. So, I think that's the AT&T wireless line. Here's the lady in the the Grove. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Now you're talking to me. You heard about the Jewish arrow yet. Have you talked about that yet? About the what? The Jewish arrow. Have you heard of it? No. And my meheral is going to put out a weekly insert once a week. Called the Jewish arrow. Oh, that's funny. Why would a bunch of anti-semites like the arrow do a thing like that? I think it's already the Jewish arrow, isn't it? No, it is not. See anti-semitic arrow. That's it. Well, confused me. I'm just surprised you haven't heard about it yet. Keep driving here, Zilpen. Okay. Okay. I don't believe it. And based on her last comment there. 567.0560. 560. 560. Yeah. Tell me about all the Jews on the AT&T arrow board. Did they hurt you think of any? No. If they were been any? No. Here's Boca. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Okay sir. Well, just let me start out by saying apparently. I was wrong again. It's supposedly, I don't know if this is right or not. But I heard that he had predicted that the world was going to end on 9999. Oh, yeah. I know. I'm glad you mentioned that because yesterday, Channel 4, you know, something somebody ought to be horse whipped over there at Channel 4 because they're so desperate to try to catch up with Channel 7 for the hysteria quotient. They come out with a story yesterday about some guy down in Kendall, a business guy who's phones that I'll screw up and they assumed that had to do with a computer glitch for 9999. And come to fight out that had nothing to do with that at all. That Bell South was doing something with a service in that area, which disrupted the phone service for a whole bunch of people. But it had nothing to do with that. So why put the story on there in the first place and get everybody all psychotic? Crazy people are a channel for your crazy, your desperate. Well, much of a small newspaper today with a free kid dying. Yeah. You know, but it's speaking of the news. I call it. I swear to God, I just witnessed this on the news that news five up here in Palm Beach, County. I mean, we always talk about how there's no journalism down here. I think I just witnessed it all time. Well, I don't know if you see the commercials, but McDonald's has these new salad shaker things. And this was their new story. They go into it while there's a new way to eat salad in there, available in this different flavor of salad dressing. And this is on the local news. And they're sitting there and they're sitting there demonstrating how you shake the salad. And this is only, oh, they got them loose. Yeah. They're sitting here on my television screen. They're showing you how to shake it. Yeah. Yeah. And they're still sitting there eating. I mean, they must have completely turned into bigger hores than we ever thought they were. I mean, they've bigger hores than you guys at that station. Well, that's in a lot. Yeah. And I mean, what do you think? Have you heard about this since the Freddie Mendel up in Palm Beach County? No. We don't pay too much attention to Palm Beach County. And don't take it personally. Well, apparently she had, she made an all-fanned remark about going postal on two members of the school board. They're treating it as death threats and like having a whole big investigation about it. You know, you ought to check it out in the paper. It's pretty, pretty terrible. Okay. Thanks. Do we want to check that out? No. No. We don't care about Palm Beach. Five six. I mean, what I'll do with respect. Just like our list is over there in four miles. Like the lady yesterday was talking about the shooting the deer and eating her venison. I mean, what do you expect for it, Myers? Five six, seven, oh five, 60. Yeah. And then the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. That's TV's for little girls. Anyway, I mean, I don't know why you would think you get anything different. That's not what it's for. There's no music on their like you said. Well, little girls are watching all the rap music, but they don't want to. Oh, yeah. I mean, you know, what's the point of that? I don't understand that maybe you can explain it to me. I died in the world liberal. It was wrong to make a lot of people were in this man. So we had to take that off TV. But it's okay. The next one of white people because I've been saying that for two hours. I know, but not okay to make fun of white people. Explain to me, especially white men. You can't really make fun of women. I mean, it's not cool to make fun of women. Yeah. Yeah. Even though that number is there in my norm somehow. There's that, I don't know how that. I've been saying that. Let me say it again for two hours. What does it have to do with being liberal or not? Well, that's the, the food you think set it up like this. Set set up what set up what? Pop the popular culture. No way. You know, I remember we don't stay in rock cuts and move. Oh, God. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We reached the end of the road here today, baby. The end of the road, we're all done. I thought I just had this feeling that maybe one day out of four this week. One day we went actually go all the way through four hours without another one. These outbursts and hysterical like whipping in the next and M. exercise. I don't think I may up to with today. Yeah. I really don't. I'd rather play some of the music from my last night. Let's play Lauren Hill. Yo, yo, yo, come on. What do you say? I'm going to play some Lauren Hill. Kills him good time. 560, 505, and you know something speaking to you on girls. Where are the young women? I'd like that bitch that called so psychotic today that I made a comment about Nick Carter with a pineapple head on a video that the on an interview that they showed, which wasn't a knock. It was just a fact because he was dressed up for a video that they were shooting. And she gets all psychotic and hysterical. And she knows that I'm a fat bag. She knows the show well enough for that. But as you got any comment on the MTV award last night's. No, or anybody else? See the problem in this town is if you give somebody pissed off, then all of a sudden right away they open up a big mouth. But that's not an obstacle and on the attack. But as far as just having a comment on something like Brittany, how good she looks last night. And the one guy's knocking because Brittany is lipstick. Who cares about whether she's lipstick or not? Nobody in his right mind or it's right mind is watching that goddamn thing last night to see Brittany spear singing. I don't even care if it's her voice. Exactly. Didn't even care if she sings at all. Let's think or otherwise. They'd rather have her do other things with her lips. Like Chris Rock said, that was another fairly margin line, which one of the back street boys who got to make Brittany spears. Well, it could have bad back street. Nick was last. Yeah. And he had a couple of good lines, but he was pretty weak. Not enough. Here's Voka. Hello. Yeah. When are you going to start talking about the panthers, Neil? When? Maybe when they talk about something. Maybe when they're something to talk about. Maybe when they're something to talk about, dealing with the panthers. What would you like to talk about about the panthers? You're going to tell me you're going to wear that crappy jacket. Oh, there he is. There's that asshole again. The same old Jackass Mitch. See that. That's why they can't sell in tickets for the panthers. Because there's no interest here. I should have known it was you in the first place. And I'm going to be wearing whatever jacket I like. Probably the maple leaf jacket right. Because I'll do whatever the hell I want to do. Okay. Ascle. And by the way, Brian Morrison, your sandwich is shook. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There is no interest in hockey here. None. You think there's no interest in the marlins. Believe me what I'd tell you. Divide by a hundred. Then you got the amount of interest there isn't hockey. And there have been one hell of a time. Peddling tickets for that team. Because you know, it was a real novelty. And then we'll re-elast. You're like I predicted it was a lot of fun to go there. You know, the game is themselves most of the more so much fun. But nevertheless, it was a place to hang out. But now the novelty is worn off. And the prices keep going up. And the product they put out there, you know, sooner or later, people are going to demand a little entertainment for their money. What a concept, huh? So it's one thing about these sports entrepreneurs we got in this time. Mr. Hypinga and Mr. Henry. They figure we owe them something. We owe them arenas. We owe them building them stadiums. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. But they don't owe us any quality product out there. I mean, you know, we're just obligated to go there and buy the tickets and turn over the money. And, you know, and dummy up and buy the over price crap food that they sell. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, is this a Rogers? Yes, sir. That was amazing. That guy come out and say, and you're the problem. There's not going to be a new stadium built here. This past weekend, you saw that article right? No, I did not. I had a couple calls about it. Yeah, they take a statement. He labeled you an acronym, caveman. Uh-huh. But, uh, very proud to be a caveman who doesn't want to spend my tax dollars to build a guy that can play to it for a bit in there. I'm proud to be a caveman. He in Fred Flintstone. And what I really called about that, I think the client of the young white male is part of that you stepped on earlier. It's part of the problem. Every commercial with a black guy in a white guy. The white guy is the dummy or the fool in every commercial on TV. It's amazing. The black guy is the all-knowing smart guy on every commercial on TV. Look for commercials or those. I never saw that. Uh-huh. Well, Shannon Sharpe. The list goes on and on. It started with Budweiser 20 years ago when the black white collar workers perhaps the white guy in the head to keep up the good work. It's just a monitor next time. It's pretty interesting. Okay, I'll monitor it. Okay. Okay. That's monitor that, okay. Uh-huh. Sorry Lauren. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. No women watched it in TV award show last night. I guarantee 80% of the audience to watch that show last night was 2-mail. Are we hearing from any of them today? No, not a 1. We are. Wow. Okay. So you got you a point to me. You got 1. 1. Wow. We had that one crazy bitch that's talking to me trying to come out to Jewish Journal and about the, which it's already the Jewish hair over whatever the hell it's. Well, I just talking crazy crap. Man, oh man, on air of Russia, shut up and let she's the digging out her crap for barbs. Maybe her barbs wire she's working on. Crazy bitch. 26 past noon at 560 WQAM. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. How young is too young? How young is too young? I feel the advice you love my heart. I know that you keep on getting up my heart. Yeah! Maybe you could sometimes wake me in. Yeah! Oh, my breath is broken, I'm not a 30-year-old. It's come on to me and let the things in my ear. And it's on top of the, but it's feeling on my head. You know, this thing is about me. I don't think you know. I'm on the way. Alright. And it's on me. You should make it a day. You could go to Canada to be with me. You're like me. You're when you're the friend of me. She was 25 but she's just a thing. Look at me. I've got my left, I'm pretty. Daddy, call the call. I've got my picture, it's because I've got the picture made. You know, my breath is mine. I've got the things right now. Oh, my shoes. She's a dirty, gentle, dirty guy. You should be scared of her shoes. You know, my room is so straight-bathed. You should be in the middle of the time. What is that? She's looking my way. Let me take a something. Okay, one, two, show me any guy. Any red blooded, head of a sexual oriental guy in his country. Who wouldn't want to hop on Britney's bones? And I'll show you a medical and a hiding. Okay. A bull guy own. Room or is by the way, Jennifer Lopez was once married. He was born in the 1960s on the 18th, he was a lady in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Can you? Yes, man. First of all, before I go, I know I'm the only female calling today. But I was forced to watch the show because of my kids. Yeah. But I had to tell you, before I go into the whole award show, I know that this is a momentous occasion for me, because this is the first time I get to hear you at work, because I'm using the internet. So. How do you like that? Pretty cool, nice and clear. And also, by the way, I left a message with George, but I don't know where we reach her in my call. Do you know how I can get full Henry? On the internet? What do you do at the ACA? KFI. It was going to call her at the show. Okay. Thanks George. KFI640.com. KFI640.com. 560. None on OK, F.I. F is in Frank. OK. F is in farmer. KFI640.com. Okay. All right. Now, let's go into the awards. I think Chris Rock was really good at the opening. The mall log. I mean, I think he was really good stuff to say, but during the show he was pretty lame. I mean, he just couldn't improvise. And if he said any more time, you know, let's stretch it out. I mean, that was just really pretty bad. Well, there's time green. Do it. Go to the park where it's not called. Oh, go ahead. I'm sorry. I just lose it when I see time green. Oh, I'm going to go ahead. I'm sorry. I just lose it when I see time green. Oh, I'm going to do it anyway. Well, I'm kind of a... No, I was just talking about Chris. I was going to ask you about the battery points. Yeah. What did you think of their parents? Did you think they were like the best? They were very good. Yeah. They certainly were the best live performers I thought. And did they get anything? Yeah. They won the of viewers' choice, which is the most important one. That's what the viewers are voting for on that on the phone. So that was all they got to. Well, it was just good. What did that call? How many of you guys think else went lower in Hillhead to get 75 different awards? What is your opinion, huh? Because I just started... We stalks. Good. Thank you. You couldn't sing a round of a paper a second. She's got a crappy attitude. Yeah. She doesn't have to worry about why people buy an ear music because guess what we won't. I totally agree with you. And I'm Latin. She's an obnoxious racist, uh, hostile bitch. I just think of that as a pop. I don't understand how she got all the awards. I have no idea. She usually does that make it pictures. What about... And then I saw the end with Madonna. Yeah. What's up with her? I mean, that was... She took the screaming at that specific die. And then, uh... It was the whole thing with Wayne. It was pretty weak. Yeah. But you don't watch it again. I promise. Okay. All right. Well, it's nice to see you, Neil. Thanks. Take care. What is it? Who's that Rebecca? Don't be called her off the air, God. Dan and you're calling enough of these, uh, been most. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, sorry, Crystal. Well, hey, listen, everybody knows why you keep going to these swing clubs. You're not fooling anybody on this. This is the easiest way for it's called cheating on your wife without having her all being out of the picture. You know? She's there, but you're cheating on her. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah, so another way. Totally. This eases my mind now. I feel, you know, I'm having six with all these other hot numbers. But my wife's right over here in the Orgy role, me all. Let's see if we can't keep her busy or liquor her up enough. So she passes out on the floor. And pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You're not fooling anybody. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. What's in there? Woo! It's Michael Jackson's back with Driller. How'd you like that phone line? You think that that line ate a fact used to be good? That was special. I should have kept that on the rest of the show. Let's see if that's still on there. No. No. Oh, no. Okay. Let's go to a Hollywood, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Good show. I just got a point. I'll have to make here. I'll prove to your- Oh, there's, sir. What's your name? Mariah Carey with that one gigantic hit. Yes, go ahead. I like to make you point. I think we'll prove to your listening audience. How right you are. You remember a couple of few years ago. I wanted you to award shows when Ted Dancin come out with the algeos and paint the face. Right. It will be goldburg. Right. All organizations demand the men in the house. They had a nervous breakdown about that. That's right. Just like not much material. The other one to make a point for you. Good point. I thought of you. Thank you. Have a good day. Yes, he criss-rock because he's supposed to be hip and cool and he was on Fox all the time. You know, so naturally right away everybody, no matter what he does, you get sucked into thinking that's hip and cool. It's unacceptable to me. I'm stuck in patty Harry, everything from a black perspective. How much is David from like an everyday human perspective, like just anybody who, you know, could be black or white or whatever. It's really old. Stale tired. But it she does have a big ass. So that's our pull question. Who's got the bigger ass? Jennifer Lopez or Ricky Martin. Of course I bet you his is this year. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Maybe he knows the rest husband. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to say that. Okay, great. Thank you. He doesn't like that rocker. I'm not. Crap. Police said hit. You know, you some of you folks are going to have to clean up your lingo. Okay, some of you dark-complated posts. You can't speak five words without throwing a four letter word in there. Okay, which makes it very hard to have a conversation. Clean up your act a little bit. Okay, you'll be talking trash. Speak the Queens English. Would you please? And stop at the four letter of Volgarity. Okay, man. Mother, okay. Twenty two before one is five. So twenty two till one Jesus Christ, I feel like I said it. That is like a marathon today. Wow. Feel like we've been here forever. We should have people just foaming at the month. And you notice nobody basically is there anything to say about the music. I really can't knock that because was there really much good music there last year? No. How many songs out of all those songs that they had three and a half hours strapped against it with all of the hype more than any show in a history of mankind. Other than the back door boys with the electro were not. I mean, even you liked that song a little bit, which for you to admit it, that's quite a concession, a little bit. And compared to the other stuff last night, a lot. I like to fat boys, limps song, but that performed. Oh, that was an interesting, another good line. White reeds. What did he call that? A retard. White boy reeds. I was good. Like I said, he was pretty good last night, Chris Rock. He had a few good lines, but just not enough. It just not enough. Just that there was something good. It's funny. But there was just wasn't enough funny stuff for a three and a half hours show. Work up a lot. It was thin. It was thin. And he ran real thin. Just like him, real thin. 21 till 1 at 5. 60. WQAM. 18 20 20 29 21 19 18 Three, one, five, five. But it would be honest again, I bet it ought to be private audience because there she is. I think I might even let her take a look at it. She'd laugh. 5605, and I see something man, she is really in the course I'm going to head a turn you want to. What does that tell ya? What does that tell ya? That I know my people, okay? That's one thing I know. You can argue about Chris Rock, you can argue about music, but I do know my good people. I see somebody hot, whatever it is I can tell ya. I can put my thumb on it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in the button, Vichalo. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. I love your show, and I've called up the time before, but not lately. I'll try to watch the show last night because my door asks me to. And I was going back and forth in my room by myself because I was trying to see the US open. Did you ask open the tennis? They had tennis on last night. Yes, I was going to have a whole boring. I loved tennis. She came in and asked me to watch it, and I tried to. And it would have never been like real embarrassed inside. I could not even watch it for two minutes. Why not? It was, I couldn't believe the way the people were behaving on stage. What do you mean by that? I mean the org you seem like a woman. I guess I don't ever watch MTV, and so I wasn't used to the challenge since I was a waiter. I just couldn't watch it. I just could not watch it. What is it that they were doing that gross you out so much? Well, I was the opera singer. I think that's about the time I tuned it in and the big guy comes out with the full tiny girl. She was a little bit flexible. She needed a, got with the butterfly that took her away. She was looking at opera singer and then he tried to be a good opera singer. And it was just overwhelming. I think I understand now. I think he made the right move. And Neil, I want to say one more thing. I loved everything you say, but I completely disagree with your political views. Okay. Okay. Okay, see you. Whatever. I couldn't hear less. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. The pump, five, six, six. I mean, you know, there are a lot of people like vanilla ice cream too. Like I've told you a billion times. If you like vanilla ice cream, it's the most popular flavor in the world. Oh, I don't understand how you can see that. Neil, very easy. It has no taste. If it's not even in the category of his delete bill called or used to say delicious, but no taste, it's not even in that category because it's not delicious. Anything that needs something else on it to make it taste good, you know. I could go in a backyard with a shovel where my two dogs were having a good time this morning and dig up some, you know, and put some herses to her phone it and with cream and nuts. And I'm not saying it would taste very good, but probably that would doll it up a little bit better. Make it a little bit more palatable. And if some of the French Canadians came down, we could probably sell it to them if the price were cheap enough. And we didn't expect a tip. That's the good news by the way. The great news I saw statistic I forgot what it was. But the French Canadian tourism down here in the four soft floor, especially in Broward County, is way way down. Right, let's go. We love our English speaking Canadian friends because there's a real civilized company for you, especially Toronto way. In Vancouver way. But as far as Quebec, they can take a parley who gets lost, okay, all you fraud. Go see for now, okay. Go suck his toenails. Get out of here. You make a match made in heaven. All those French Canadians schlepping down there to Cuba. Cooper gives you a, makes you an offer you can't refuse. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing at seven? Good. Got the hell out of town. I figured I'd give you a call and say hello when I got back in. Yeah. Just down visiting for French wedding. I figured I'd give you a call. I haven't talked you for over a year. My mom told me to give you a call and ask you what the name of that. Say a beating book that you always recommend is. Say a beating solution. My doctor. Richard. Friedman. No, that's not right. Is it Friedman? Yes, that is right. Okay. Hard cover. Why are you diabetic? Yeah, I just found out. You can throw them out. You're going to lose some weight. We both knew that was coming. Okay. Good luck. See, let me say it again. The fat people are the dead people. Here was my little one. I was talking about that very record. I never met him. I didn't know him. And his column wasn't what I would call simulating, but it was so Hey, my channel was enjoyable and I read it every now and then. And he was coming from the right place. You know, he was a good-hearted guy. Everybody liked him. And he's dead at 51. And he had pancreatic and liver cancer. And I can't say just because he was heavy. Most of his life. That was responsible for it. But it just seems to be that the most of the dead people are the fat people. And I'll tell you again, if you've never been to Europe, you go to Europe and you're look around and most of the people accept for some of the fat tourists, but the locals They're thin, especially in Amsterdam. They're tall. They're thin. Fives, what the hell is that that you're reading? Jesus Christ, that it's the most estate with lustrements and it's really good. Looks like that thing is going to crawl right out of there any second. Looks like something that's alive. By the way, speaking of that, Hank Goldberg showed two to six this afternoon, including the Jimmy Johnson Show. We could be special. We could be special. Jimmy Johnson five to six this afternoon. Anybody impressed by that crack? No, no. We could be special. I mean, talk about 20 years for overracting. Jimmy just calm down. Okay. I realize that you're job, but it's not quite as important as you think it is. It's important to a lot of people out there, but not quite as important as you think. Here's David. Hello. David. Okay. Nice talk to you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. And whatever happened to Palmer Cardi and he looks terrible. He got old. I'm telling you, does he feel like you're 100% in your zone? Does he believe in plastic surgery? Probably not. I think when you got that kind of money, you don't have to worry about what you look like. Incredible. We think about Madonna. You think after Linda died, you're trying to pick him up? Yeah. Okay. Five six, seven, five, six. He's much too old for her. Okay. He's got better taste than that. Whether you like her or not, which I don't. She's always, she has like I said bad taste. Like I got it. She was married. She's still married to that guy? No. That she was always doing out of the house. What the hell was his name? Oh, he was really grotesque. Like I said, that's what he was. He was pulling out Paul. Huh? Dennis Rodden. She touched that. She touched that. Oh, I forgot about that. Oh, God. Oh, mighty. Jesus Christ. He touched the worm. The Wonder worm. We are so sorry. Jesus Rodden. We don't stop and hold the pedals. Jesus and we. We're so sorry. Dennis Rodden. But the panties have no sense. He was sick. He only had a thing. Jesus. A strange action. He said, you're very busy, but you're dressing to the teeth. He has to do it by varying something under his So sure. Wait. You call. Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball. Who will be tired? We target.uss ste Now he gonna love Ramen Thad Far harmonies. He's in a temple priests down. capacidad Eight Tickets Pear Pear Pear Poo Decor constru Stashi Peanut Red Heart Angarn Orange because of close Oh god you were like how could I possibly have said that she's got a, I wish I should have said younger thing. But does it really make any difference in her case? No. Big 705, 60, of course she was also doing Austin Powers in that video but nevertheless. Here's a mobile in forlaterdale. Hello. That must be before he lost his mojo. Yes sir. Hey Chris Rock. Just a point at, yeah. I'm probably going to repeat basically what I said to George is it overwhelmed me. I was, I was Mary a black girl with no problem. I don't care where you come from. What you look like, if we get along that's great. Yeah. I was overwhelmed by blackness. I don't know what word I can use. It's just overwhelming you know. I had to turn it off. The wife lasted about 20 minutes longer than me. She said something about the carton call and Lauren Hill by a man's name. Lauren, too. Yeah. I didn't see that I was already in bed. Thank you. No, sir. If I were to see Lauren and Hill, I saw her win those other words and it made me sick. But if I were to see her win the video of the year, I think at that point I would have smashed the TV with a crowbar. Hey, my wife, lover, and says she didn't deserve it. What do you think love about her? In addition, in addition to which the guy that called me for about when she was with the Foogees or whatever the hell of a group was, I remember her remake of killing me softly by Roberta Flack and I can remember asking myself when I heard it, why did this song need to be remade? All it was was somebody re-singing the song exactly as Roberta Flack saying it 20 years ago. Who needed to remake it? It was a great song. Yeah, Richard, you'll never be here. Right. You know, Roberta Flack was, there's Lauren Hill couldn't look Roberta Flack's ass. Absolutely. Well, I agree. You know, like I said, the wife even said she didn't agree and she does like her. What she likes about her, I don't know. I mean, her voice, what up? Maybe she'd be better, you better start getting worried, I think. Uh-oh. That's right. That's my favorite. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, thank you. But I just cannot believe how the feeling I left with. Now, all these young black kids are out there listening to this. This is perpetuating it. This is not going to help. This is, this is, this can get worse. You're right. That's what I've been saying for a long time. I'm speechless now. I'm speechless. It was weak and I hope he doesn't do it again. Okay, thanks. Bye-bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Oh, Jesus. Great. Oh. Wine. Who used to blame? My family. Who's bothering me? Hey, but heads. It's the one to do out. Well, where are we? Can that swing keep me? That makes me wanna go away with me. Well, where are we? Can that swing keep me? That makes me wanna go away with me. I got you rich, but it's falling too far. Probably what you were doing when you played third part. Well, she thanked her hand on the steering wheel. Not these usual way we feel. Sign on the road, there's straight ahead. We're stuck with the air she would soon be fed. Give it some gas and swear to the right. Hitting for the best blue flight. She lost control. The paratrooper and landed next to the fly. Oh, I will. Well, where are we? A little whiskey. Grish your car to see with hungry. But she's in luck. How to spend the day? So, now it's not getting to your chicken chair. Tee-ee-ee-ee. Oh, right. I want to want to five sixty. I want to go away. I want to two hours and two hours and two hours and five. The Marlins and the Reds tonight seven o'clock. And living proof that there is no interest whatsoever in the Marlins. Not only is nobody talk about them or about the stadium. But there's very jackass story last two days about the angel will Brian Fue, and about Jo Angel's on a way out. Can we have one call about that? No. Does anybody care about that? No. And the sad part of it is, I mean, it's not a case of somebody leaving who was bad, who did a bad job, who people didn't like, who they hated like poison, who was a bad guy, and they still don't care. No. No interest. I was going there, Greg. As we mortgage the whole goddamn company store to away in an out of John Henry. We have to work morning noon and night over hot microphone, the entire staff. Just to try to script together enough cash to pay John Henry. So, we can keep that soil on there that nobody cares about. Here's Helen Dale. And you're going to talk about arrow? Yes. Did you see him? Yes, I did. Pretty damn good one thing. Yeah, they were great. They're always great. I mean, they can be old, they can block. That's right. And you want to know why because they're real musicians, because they're real talent. They don't have to go to a studio and have, you know, technically, in hand, stall kind of bull crap, they could sing out here with a microphone out on the sidewalk. Well, that's the way to post a big with music, right? Right. That's right. I mean, I don't know. I've said the fact that you've hooked a witty this long, which is amazing. You're right. 560, 505 60, maybe because you almost had something to say. And pound 560. See, it's an interesting thing about assholes like him. He could actually have something to say when he calls. I'm sure. I mean, he is a wacko, but he could actually just like that Mitch Guy, who comes up to me to hockey games. Oh, you know, I just like giving you raspberry. He's like, you know, and he says to me, well, how about if I called you and had a real conversation about hockey? I said, okay, because he ever done that? No, because he's got nothing to say. And the same with this guy, you can have a conversation. You might have something to say, which is the reason you were just on here. That long plus I didn't recognize the guy named voice. It was a little bit of a lower register. As a maybe you didn't take quite so much helium before you made the call. Very sad, but there are some people who are more interested in being, you know, whatever. Little character is little silly people that haven't something to say. It's up to you. Here's Miami. Hello. I tried to watch that MTV award show last night. Right. I don't know how I show can be decadent and boring at the same time. You know, usually it's decadent, at least you can watch. And I'd be titillating it. Yeah, and it was, but it was, it must be boring even, even with that. It was very bad. But I, I saw a movie at the night. And I wanted to warn you away from it. It was so bad that the audience hissed and booed after the movie was over. Kind of like when Tommy Lee came out last night. Oh, another story. The astronaut's wife is so much a bad movie. Yeah. Well, what is it? And there's never something about it. Well, it's, it's a close-up of this woman's lips throughout the whole movie. Upside down. Pink lips, red lipstick, dried lips, it's her mouth throughout the movie. I've got two sets of lips. Yeah. Anyway. Um, don't see the movie. Okay, how long? And um, I'm not that big on lips anyway. Well, I mean, it was incredibly bad. Okay. And I wasn't bad as the Blair Bridge Project. It was, it was worth the math. Even worth the math. And I have a little bit of gossip. Okay. I was in London a couple of months ago. I was just tabloid out and had a picture of Michael Jackson's two little kids. And those kids are wider than you and me. Mm-hmm. And uh, they said, just a few other ones, whoever he was. Yeah, like the real father. Right. So, well, only only a moron, only an imbistool would believe that Michael Jackson is fathered any children. Right. It's all bull crab. Right. There's a better chance that Reva is really Jonathan's mother on a guiding light than Michael Jackson being anybody's father. Oh, it was so hot. It can't look more English than Prince Andrew. There you go. And by the way, speaking of Prince Andrew, you better hang onto your chair. I want to tell you this. I have it on a very, very reliable source that Prince Edward isn't the, uh, the other queen in that family, but it was Prince Andrew, who floats like a butterfly. How do you like that? Unbelievable. Have a great day, sweetheart. Oh, she sounded shocked. Prince Andrew, I wonder if her be had to go to wait watchers. 560, 5060, pound 560 because like I've always told you, things are not what they appear to be. Just keep that in mind. All you kids out there, things are never what they appear to be on the surface. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Wasn't Prince Andrew in the Royal Navy, too? He was, uh, yeah, he was in the submarine, I think. He was down under. I was watching the interview, Ward Blast Knight, and like 10 minutes in my wife says to me, Is this MTV or BET? Mm-hmm. You never, never, never, never, never. And the early part of the show, that's the way I was feeling, was a great shortage of a white folks, and the earlier part of the show, except for Ricky Martin and he don't count. Well, it's literally bothered me at first, but then as it went on, it seemed like Chris Rock was talking about the white boy rappers. Yeah. And the Puerto Rift, he talked about was white this and white that and Puerto Rift. And he didn't. Whole rap got so sick in fact. See, I don't care, like back in the 60s, if they would have had such a thing, then which they didn't. But if they would have had, and the entire program would have been the temptations and the miracles and the, the Supremes and Stevie Wonder and all of those groups, I would have had no problem with that. If they never brought out one white artist that wouldn't have had any problem, I loved all of those people. So it's not a racial thing, but the point is, if you're going to give us somebody crap, you know, kind of mix it up a little bit. Did he ever make fun of any of the black or axe? No. All it was was just the Puerto Rift and the white boy. Right. I never heard of saying one thing about Lauren. Holly. Well, the only thing he kept saying is, wow, well, Smith didn't win, well, Smith didn't. And finally, well, Smith didn't win, which may be nauseous. Also, I don't, did you see, you didn't see the former Courtney Park did you? No. It was so sad. When I was watching it, not, not, not. Let me ask you this. Was he trying to be funny or was he just so sing-all and stupid that he didn't know the performer's name? Because it would seem to me that if, you know, they tell you that you're going to come on and do one of these presentations that's the very least you take about 30 seconds and you read over the names of the artist. You know, you can pronounce them right and who the hell they are. I think he did it trying as a joke. But it, it flops so badly. You can do it. You should have seen her face when she walked up there. Good. Like a stone. But I was thinking of that was watching him. He seemed so lost and like he didn't know what he was doing there. He was almost as pathetic as Buddy Hackett was. Yeah, but now that was sad. I mean, that way then. And they kept spinning him around and bringing him back because they had nothing to say. And they're hoping that we're depending on him to come up with an ad live here when they're, you know, because these guys from the Blair Bridge project had nothing to say they kept going. Yeah. You know, like that. That's the same thing I'd go like to, you know, this is his cruel. Right. And Buddy Hackett because his guy doesn't know who these people are. He doesn't know what's going on at this show and they just dragged him out to give the last award at the end of the night. Yeah. And he doesn't belong here. He's a very young, lemon on next year. Oh, but you did see David Bowie. Yes. With that beautiful hair. He was okay. I love the point where he told Chris Rocky. Yeah, that was good. Little British sarcasm. I'll have a great day. Okay. One thing about the British man, they were childish and they're sarcastic. I mean, real sarcastic. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Not Friday, you. Yes, sir. And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham will give us a dramatic reading of pretty fly for a white guy by the offspring. Dr. Burnham? Who know those Chris? Watched for a simple, simple seat. Yes. He needs some cool tunes, not just any wills of ice, but they don't have ice cubes, so he bought the Noah Ice. Now cruising in his pinto, he sees homey as he taps. But if he looks twice, they're going to kick his little eighties. Now he's getting a tattoo. He's getting inked up. He asked for a 13, but they drew a 31. Friends say he's trying too hard. He's not quite hip, but in his own mind, he's the dopest trip. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. One 15, by the way, the offspring. Are they waiting for the last night? No. No, they're great. A little bit too good for the people who are not your words last night. You jackasses, you clown, you fools. I'd like to know who the people are who vote on those things. He slides the viewer's choice. Thank God for the viewer's choice award. I would have just thrown in the town about eight thirty and gone to Hill to bed. You love it. Which are cramps. Yeah, I'd like to know what a bunch of commoners should around in a table somewhere. Oh, yeah, Lauren Hill and Ricky Martin. Let's give them all a good stuff. Okay. They got naked pictures of us. Let's give them the awards. Because that's the one thing that Ricky Martin has in common with Lauren Hill. You can't think for a sh**. Although she is a lot more masculine than he is. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T, a wireless line. Lady and cruel springs, hello. Hi. Um, I'm 15 years old. Um, I just want to say that I'm a little bit more masculine than he is. I just want to say that I love the vaccine boys. All right. And I'm going to the concert until they and I think that they should have won so many more awards. Right. And you were nominated for four and they should have won all four. I know. And it's healthy something that they won the viewers' choice award. And Lauren Hill or, no, whoever from Bombay didn't want it. And that's what like everyone wants them to win. But I think Lauren Hill and TL station even like been in the same categories. And they're like nothing. They're like, don't even, they're not even good. Exactly. I just want to say that I love your show and you're really cool. Nice, we'd like to see you too, day. Bye. Okay, there you go. Finally, it only took three hours and 16 minutes. You got a young person that is in a, uh, some serious music. At least more serious than most of the crap we saw last night. I'm serious. If you actually were to sit down and examine the, uh, a calf and a swell, I forget about Chris Rock and forget about all the, you know, the visual effects. But if you were just to take an exam and what was passed off as music last night, 95% of it will make you sit down and puke your guts out and wonder how the music industry actually sells any records at all. Because so much of it is so, so bad like that Ricky Martin. You can't think for a sh**t. Exactly. I'm going to tell you something this Mark Anthony guide is another one. Just, just like Ricky Martin. You can't think for a sh**t. Although a little more much of it. Although not to get that, I don't know. And I don't care. Just like that whole hour, the head on ABC a couple of nights ago that I talked about never got one call about it. About the Latin beat and Latin music in Yadi, Adi, Adi. Not one word about Luis Miguel who sing circles around all these other Julios, man. There are joke. He's a real singer. He's got the greatest voice in a world. And they're hockin' us a Chinatown. We're more can't-tiny and Ricky Martin can't think for sh**t. Right. God damn it. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I wish you had hosted a man. That would've been the funniest thing I ever saw in my life. What have been great? Oh man, you would've ripped all those suits in the front of it. Well, you'd've ripped a hell of those sparks. Those no talent workers. I'd tell you that. That's right. I love it. And then, in stink, I would've really let them have it. Oh my God. That's the way their Visa and Master Gardens had to back this kiss to Queen. Well, they was pretty pathetic. And the sad thing is, like you say, there's, once you take away the editing and their videos and everything, they come out on stage and you realize that most of these performers don't really have much talent and they can't stand alone. Right. That's right. And it was just, uh, that's why when Steve Tyler comes in there from like, through the crowd, and he's a care and they have the portable mic. And he's singing and Joe Perry is playing a guitar and a hop-up on a state. And they're just doing a spontaneous thing. And he's great because he's a real musician. That's right. A lot of these guys they couldn't handle that. I mean, reading a cue card, they were just the entire, everything was like that. And the people were looking around and the audience, like, is this it? Is this what we're here for? We're the new talent. Right. But hey, I'm going to the back street boys and, uh, I'm going with my friend, your main. And we're going to have, we got great seats. All right. And, uh, if you could play that parody, she hasn't heard it yet, but I would love to hear that. I've told her all about it. Okay, you got it. Love you, Neil. Yeah. Okay. See, now, why did you assume that your main was a guy? You see, you've got this thing again. I'm going to give you that grove of it all book, even though it would be a waste of time. Not a read- books. Okay. It's not a fact book. Didn't he write it? Okay. Whatever you say, I'm not, I wouldn't even waste my time responding to that comment. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. If there is a more brilliant person on the face of the earth, I have never read anything that they've written. That is beyond a shadow about. It's pretty smart for a fact. Wish I could say in the same about you for a spick. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. 11 minutes to 11 seconds of waiting. And Miami. Cracked out. See ya. Here's Hialia. Hello. Are you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I saw the interview awards. Mr. I'm chronic. Mr. I can't handle it. Okay. We've got a few calls here today. Not overwhelming, but it's been pretty good. Call me on a day when we're really, I mean really desperate. I'll let you know. I'll give you the signal. Probably like Monday. Happy New Year by the way. Happy New Year. Roger, Sean, baby. Then we got you on Kipper and today. You better eat a lot today in the next few days because we'll be fasting on your Kipper. Back then, I had my mother make some extra mindal bread for your own kipper, just a piss off the Far Bition of the, for our Far Bitioner. And the Orthodox Jews like your counten. Yeah, somebody was asking me about that. If I told you account, you had on a year and gave away a case of beer too, by the way. Oh, pay him. So. It's disgraceful. It really is that you have such such a lack of scruples. I mean, I take a lot of freebies too. But just because you don't pay him. And because he's able to swindle the government out of whatever he can, I'm sure you could find some other breed dishonest accounts because he goes with the territory. But the due business with a man who is so even a guy's with a butterfly that wouldn't go anywhere near him because he'd probably tie him up with to fill in and stick him in a broom closet somewhere. What do we do with it like that? He ain't even right enough to go. Yeah. He can do that one. Here's Pompano. Hello. Pompano. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Yeah, I just don't understand what the whole big thing is on the NTV of words because I didn't even bother watching it. There's nothing ever good on NTV anyway. Yeah, you're right. I mean, just the whole thing. They had a little run there for a while when we're doing road rules and in the real world and they had some hot looking young teenagers on there. Yeah, but now they could. And now they put all these neurotic ugly people on there and you're right. They had a little flash there for about a month or two and they're right back in the toilet again. Yeah, I mean, VH1 is starting with these like retrospective bands. VH1 is off the wall. VH1 is I agree with you. It's pretty good. I haven't watched it in a lot lately. They got some good crap on there. All the stuff from the 70s and where are they now and it's pretty interesting stuff. That's definitely it. I've been watching the thing on the Google Del's last night. It just has one. I didn't see that one. Yeah, from the hospital. No less. You know, when my friend was watching it, he was also on the internet. So when he went online and saw the Lauren Hill internet rating, so it was one of the lowest. Right. So what I want to do is how she's blown over at M.K.V. to get all these awards. What do you mean by internet ratings? Who raised you? On the M.K.V. had like the internet where people would be able to sign on in both for whoever they were. We're like on the viewer's choice. Right. Right. So I mean, and isn't that the proof in the pudding like I said, the backstreet boys want that award because they're the most popular group in the world right now. And she, you know, probably came in like taking up a little blind place, no doubt. Yeah, it's just completely unbelievable. Well, hopefully, you know, this will show everyone that M.K.V. really is not where it works at. Exactly. Anyway, the reason why I call this is with Tom Green on M.K.V. Yeser. Yeah. Are you going to know any free tickets to the hockey festival? Sure. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good new. Yeser. Your boss has come through that show. Let's go. Uh-huh. Hey, a couple of things. First of all, congratulations. Congratulations. And two languages, both poorly done. Go ahead. That show was an abortion last week. Yeah, I agree with it. The right to life was I think our marching at the MTV headquarters in Manhattan. Secondly, I don't think Paul McCartney was trying to be funny. I really think the guy was just in the clouds. I heard you didn't see that park, right? No. When he announced the winner, he said a guy named Lawrence Hill. Oh, yeah. I really don't think he was trying to be funny. Yeah. Secondly, something I wanted to tell you. I don't ever know him for great comedy. That's what Michael Jackson said. You know, I don't always agree with you on your music case on bands that you like. Like, I don't tell you this. But I'll tell you this. I love my life. I give it a benefit of the doubt and I listen to it. And one thing is for sure the production value on these bands are top or top notes. I mean, not like the music. But if you look at Michael, who are you talking about? Like the back of the voice. Backstreet boys and we should get all that. Well, the least McGill is, I don't see where there's a lot of debate there. He's just got a great voice. It's not crap. It's done well. And that's it. I'm going to tell you another thing. How come 98 degrees wasn't there last night, which I'm sure wasn't your kind of music. Not your bag. But nevertheless, these guys are great. And they've had two gigantit two or three big hits in the last year. How come they weren't there last year when we get all these forces in there? What was that all about? I guess you don't see rap music anymore. You just didn't craft that's what it's all about. I don't have the rap. You just will a crap. I spend a lot more time watching VH1 now than the. Amen. That's me. Meal in closing. Sugar cookies. I repeat because. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Sandy. By the way, how's ends? Will coming along. 5. 6. 7. We're here anymore, about that. Oh, that kind of dried up real fast. Just like in. 25 after one at five, 60 WQ about. 6. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 9. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 9. 8. 9. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. One thing is for sure we can make your dream Why don't we close the galaxy sky, though, don't you love us? That you and your fight, though, but today we think that we can better stay We need to wait and I'll get you I will wait like a game Here's some real music, why this is why these guys didn't want to take the last time They're off-screen Great video, can you see this video? Okay, I'm gonna show you how to make your dream I'm gonna show you how to make your dream Okay, basically we're trying to save the kids out of the box Something But anyway 132 at 5.50 WCM the offspring keep your eye on them, okay? Just keep your eye on it Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey Neil, how are you? Okay sir, the offspring rocks They are great I gotta tell you, I don't know if you're flicking your channels yet today Time at Mundo had the best of the Latin billboard award Yeah, what a piece of junk They had a switching channel back and forth And they had a rickie martin for 10 minutes talking I just feel like blowing might be with a shotgun Only one thing to say about him You're right, and Neil Yeah Let me get you a cool one Okay By the way, never give a plug with Latinx city subshots That brought us lunch today, got it, they're great They're not good, they're sensational, they're spectacular Thank you guys Good y'all, there were 3355 Sheridan Street in Hollywood And man, you talk about great subs and other stuff too, salons And that's right next to T.Y. Park That's right next to T.Y. Park Which is too bad, we're not still at Pax Maybe right like up to 3, we can beat you for that every five minutes And they could be out of business by the time we got done with them Thanks guys, Atlantic City subs are subs in Hollywood Isn't that what's that thing by TLC? No subs? 560560, Pomp 560 on that part of the nickname, it's sick They make me physically ill, TLC Oh, God I mean, you could ask me right now, are there any black recording artist out now that you like? And I would tell you, no, and it's got nothing to do with race There are Ziggins of black recording artists from the last 40 years that I love You could look at my music collection at home Ziggins and Ziggins, all the most sound stuff It's a fat stominal, Marvin and Marvin Gaye, I just said most sound But I'm going to tell you, this collection of losers you got out there in Alman Am I leaving somebody out? I don't want to generalize like that Is there a black recording artist out today that I really like? Who's a real singer key? Who's really a musician? We're thinking, we got our Figgin caps on Isaac Hayes on the South Park, uh, yeah, he'd be good Here's a Pembroke pine, hello I would say Clarence Clarence Clarence Clarence, but he doesn't really think too much these days Yeah, I'm a little bit nervous, Dero Nice piece on Ray Recky today, sorry about it I kind of feel with you when you did in terms of what you thought he was a guy It was a good guy He did not always agree with the little small piece Right, that's right Definitely, uh, that was the purpose of his colony He wasn't supposed to be an Ojo on provocative tour He was honest, right You know, if it was boring honesty, whatever, but it was still his honesty Right, I think that, uh, we're for whatever, we're probably moving forward Anyway, about MTV, I'm reminded about what I saw when I first watched ESPN2 When the critics said it's for people who are white and want to be black And for old and want to be young, and it's just, I don't know, it's non-entity It doesn't even exist Yeah, I think you're right I mean, I sucked into a real heavily there for a couple of months Because they had some pretty good stuff on there And of course, the time green show, I mean, no matter where they put that to, I'll watch it What does it tell you when their best stuff is non-musics stuff? Yeah And so as radio stations, here they all stuck I mean, radio stations teach you, you know, an introduce you to new music And new opportunities and new artists And one you have that down here, you know, I go to Washington, listen to the music Yeah, all right, I'm out of material Okay, Zagazan See, I mean, they had a good thing going there And that's the thing about these people that run these TV stations and TV networks They don't know what they're doing Every now and then they fall into a bucket of crap And all of a sudden, they go through the roof And they know, look at us, we're brilliant And then all of a sudden, they're right back where they started again Because they don't know what they're doing right And if they were to just stuck with the hot young people on there, you know, on the beach And all that stuff and real work Instead of these neurotic goddamn crime, maybe ugly people Nobody wants to see a bunch of crime, maybe neurotic people, okay? God Jesus, cry, it's like this stuff with these soap operas It's like guiding lightly, it's not to make you want to take a goddamn their shotgun Since everybody's got their guns out these days And blow a big hole in the middle of the screen, you know Right through Reva's brain and we're used to be Here's the greatest love story and soap opera history And next, maybe to Puked Laura on General Hospital Is Reva and Josh, okay? For the last 600 years on guiding life The great love story, she's only been close to this 600 different times on a show She disappeared, she drowned, she drove off the guy Damn a skyway in St. Petersburg I mean, she keeps coming back And now, well, she's not so sure because she had this son With a prince over there on some island And nobody ever heard of before And, oh Jonathan, I mean, just, and then nothing to do You want to scream Just get that on a floor and make screaming or wrenching noises God Here's the leading cruel springs, hello Hi Uncle Neil I just want to say that I love your soap and That she boys rule Yes man, and what was with um, little Kim's outfit last night When the entity needs a goard I think if she would have left the other one off, they would have had a probably censor Well, I can't say that she boys rule And I'm going to a concert on Wednesday All right, and you're still on Okay, see you there Okay, bye Give Nick a big kiss for us, okay Don't be picking on Nick, okay Like I said, Kevin way and I didn't imagine it either I imagine it, he put his hand around the Kevin's neck, you know, kind of like a friendly Like, hey, we did it and Kevin kind of like pulled away Like, oh, don't touch me sweetheart Don't touch me 560560560, I'm telling you, I saw it With my own four eyes, that was watching real close That was what I was waiting for all night long I was rooting like when I had the like when, uh, M&M1 I'm like, yeah, you know, I'm like pumping my arm up and ear like my team discord I got to go to a guy named Touchdown, like it was a ball game Like the main police just scored a guy named Gola when his family come Yes, and when we don't want to go to him, just Which I was hoping I said that yesterday she's got a win in that category And plus she was beaten at Dan Lore and Hilbert you get anyway And I said, yeah And then when we got to the video of choice awards And I like got up and was high firing myself I was squeezing it 2242 at five 60 witches of good see it's good that I went to bed at that point That was excellent, it was a quarter to 11 it was late enough for an old fart like me I went to bed, I said there's nothing more in I forgot about that last award Which thank God I'm there's more Lauren Hill I would have called him sick today If I would have seen Lauren Hill get the best video of the year That would have put me over the edge And had a relapse Friday you best be MTV presents nine inch nails unplugged I want to You like an animal Damn it, it's sick not out Welcome to Susan working You treat you knocked over my bonge Nine inch nails unplugged Only on MTV I'll tell you one thing they got the good stuff last night before they did whatever was that they did Was it a performance though? I don't know what it was but it was bizarre Do I do I am broadcasting live from hockey phase 99 tomorrow from noon to 5pm Enjoy interactive games meet Florida Panther players and much more The National Card Yenthus Center Maybe you'll be lucky enough to meet Jeff Rimmer over there tomorrow And he'll let you buy him dinner with some future date Or maybe tomorrow night 560560 560 Or by the way when he was here this morning he said anything about that lunch he's going to buy Okay No, the same day that you get that bonus from last rainy book That's when Rimmer is uh In fact that's when you're going to lunch with Rimmer because then you'll have to pay for it Here's Miami hello Neil yes sir hey Um, I've got access where I'm last night how many do you think perform live and how many were like singing tracks? Uh There were some that were half and half like the backst week boys did uh I wanted that way I would very abbreviated version alive and then the other song the new single When they had the big production thing and they were all dancing And anytime there's a big production number like that where everybody's dancing and jumping around It's gotta be uh you know looks like it Yeah but don't you think you know if you're you know going up for an award everything should be live Don't you think it's a no no I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't expect anybody can do a big Wild dancing choreograph number like like some of those last night and sing live But it just not possible True. True. You know I say you see what people because of the age of videos now People don't understand is that what you see in the video has got nothing to do with the recording in the studio In other words when recording hardest are recording in the studio There's to you know they're they're standing in a one position with a headsets on and not moving in And show them saying in other words they're concentrating on the sound of their own voices and they're doing their thing They're singing which is uh you know So and you know who had an amazing video a live at an end concert was the least I mean you can't tell the difference between the record and that I mean that I mean that you can't remember he has to remember he's unbelievable There's a new girl Terry Dexter on Warner Brothers She has a new house on called Better Than Me Yeah, I'll send you the CD and you'll be very impressed I'll also on Goverdore This two best books live on Gagata And he's got one called the The Cyanin Fall of the American Empire Right, you also wrote the screenplay for a colligula that 20 for the anniversary And issues coming up this year Right and oddly enough he also wrote the screenplay for Ben Herr And Palam sisters is not a biography of fantastic Yes, okay You're the man. Thanks Even though he's not intellectual enough for George Fine, he's in the lecture on us why I just have to read that one. What was that Jesus put 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18th, he wireless line Start out with a city in the pillar, okay? You want to get a real good fact book Here's Miami, hello Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Why are you talking so better by lowering him man? Pressy blows. I think she's better than the other singers out there She sucks And you crazy man. Well, that's my opinion, Jim Is that making me a bad guy because I don't like her music? Well, you know what, by the way, the Beck's group voice sucks What do you know? Have you seen it? Was that just a rumor? Okay, that's his material. I'll let you into that. I wouldn't debate that. I'm not sure all of them do but I have a feeling I know which one's might. I already took that out. Yeah Shit Yeah, I'm lost Let's find out which one's open You're lost Yeah, the backstory voice. Here's the guy that's peddling me, Lauren and Hale And let me say it again. I'm going to look up that thing on a website. What is do we know what the MTV website is? Somebody will call in two as I was Yeah, I'll just do the MTV search And find out what the website is and go on the Interactive thing from last night. Don't have the results from the viewers choice Which the backstory voice one. I'm sure in a landslide And Lauren Hill was way way down to the bottom sucking wind. Okay, which I'm sure is what she does best. You know what I'm saying? Yo yo yo yo yo yo Oh That's that's her act. That's her whole routine now He just make a lot of noises and and there's spurs a few lines of lyrics in between in between Oh, but yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Oh, yo She sucks man. She blows Here's Pompano. Hello This is a cleaned up wuffy goberg. Yeah exactly. We're very well put very well put Did I miss something about Ray Ricky? He died. I had no idea. Yeah, I didn't run the bad happen. It happened the last nine I guess. Oh, wow That's she was 51 he had pancreatic and Lever cancer 51 and when in the hospital a couple of months ago on B-nodes to me I was out of town on vacation. I guess when he wrote a column saying that he was in the hospital Fighting for his life and etc and bingo 51 years old he's dead with a good guy Well, I mean, I was away for a few days So I didn't see the paper if and when it came up on page of the a son sent me this morning. Oh, wow Okay, the past a more but go back to last night That guy is a moron who called up and said he saw Palmer Carney was serious when he introduced her as Lauren's Hill Yeah, he was clearly just saying oh the winner is some guy named Lauren said I'm like great that great British humor. You know, it'll kill you every time I didn't know who she was talking about me. I came out to say oh and I had to introduce him was the first person that That got me nervous and I'm not easily impressed because I meet so many great people with them I have got like the artist formerly known as human beings Hey, which one is Nick? I thought Nick has blonde hair He does okay, so he's the other he's like the leaf singer out there because I never watch MTV But I was kind of like he's he's I would say if you had a pick a lead singer I'm also the songs he is yeah, I mean on the one where they did a little medley where they did I wanted that way right There's the one on the left I don't really pick a pineapple head more like no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, let me explain it to you This was a it would interview that they did from MTV when the guys went or land-o taping their new video And they were all made up he was he had his head his hair up in a year like a pineapple head for the video It that's not the way it's here use right is and so all I did was just making off hand comment and it's young bitch I heard a call calls it oh my god I mean, you know and she called up scuss you called up in tears. I mean hysterical and here I love the best people is I love the Carter. I mean, okay. You don't look so good But nevertheless I like their music their great guys and she's she's giving me a bunch of crap Well, I never listened to music rated on her because I know but that song is that they are really good I know they're you're talented whether George likes it or not they're they're then good I mean, they're no limit biscuit, but they're not too bad. Okay. Hey the funniest line last name was Was the $59,000 in the pocket that was good that was great. Thank you I remember that you can have the rest of it after that. Okay. Yeah, what happened to the other 59,000 Somebody's got his pocket for making that piece of crap $60,000 Make that Shake that camera around Where did it go? Yeah, where did that $60,000 go? Like I said Chris Rock is great. Oh, he is great when he's doing his thing, but unfortunately he left most of his Dang somewhere else last night. He left his bang God these people get so defensive. Oh, you must be a racist you know like I like Chris Rock He just wasn't that good last thing with disappointing When you build something up it's like sex, you know It's like if there's a build up for like 20 weeks you're gonna have the greatest sex in your life with the Everybody is okay And then it turns out to be maybe they smell not so good, you know, and maybe they're like cold as an ice cube and maybe it's like a little scored score It's horrible, you know, that's as much as you can work up not all that good disappointing And the bigger you build something up it better be really great. It's like a meal I don't want to mention you know like Smith and Melinsky I don't want to mention that because that I want them to feel bad because they still have that expensive set of steak knives They brought me thank you by the way They're they're real good. They're special In fact, it's a good thing I got them and not them because they'd probably like to come over here and use them on me, right?