Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neo Rogers Show. They're talking Neo called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or Pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neo is guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley Rebequisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Now, Neo Rogers on Sports Radio 560-2AM. It works the lotion in the basket. A lie. Please follow my friends little And the tension. We find a portion,可能, and then we use a lot of tools. And the like. We're all free-wine. And far we've been, she's... Workwork? Here's our thing, man. Good fit, I'm sure. And we've been in my ride. Yeah, we all look and rep-strain. And hate the game and cheese the same. And fear the things that we don't understand. We make sure makes them look like us. We'll erase to stop the fuss. Yeah, so I think we all should give our the dick a hand. Okay. And I, this fix will be in swing. And beat the damn flag or I'm making. We'll jump and blue just keep the wide. And let them both stand as straight. To the left there's new yo' play. And all there's no more books for him to cry. We'll lean way right. Oh, and me the jersey. We find a portion,可能, and then we've locked our tools. We're mostly white. And far we've been, she's lost it now. If you're teed aeon boil, just you'd freeze it up. Well, it can cost you to fool and Meng the star's future. Let's not I'll remain just leave it to me. Just leave it to me. They'll cut. Well, this was a personal problem. It was a problem. What do you do when you were in the car? And there's, uh, you listen to things and they get more annoying and annoying. Just fiddle around, fiddle around. I think it happened about 2.25 yesterday afternoon. Eastern Standard Time. And I was driving home. I was on the turn bike. I'll never forget it as long as I live. And Hank Wilberg said, Marty Shottenheim was resigned as the head coach of the Kansas City Chiefs. Let's hear what Marty had to say. Why he resigned. And then we went to one of those press conferences. And you know what I did? I reached over and I went. Click. And then I reached over and I decided that I had all these TV's in my car. And all of a sudden I felt so much better. I felt like I've been liberated like he's been being. Seriously, what are you laughing about? I will never listen to the radio in Miami. Okay, as long as I live, you can take it to the bank. You can bet your life. Not my life, but you can bet your life. True story. We'll never listen again. And like yesterday, we had another one of these calls. We get about one or two of them a week, every week, every week of my life. We get them. You pissed off so many people. You've alienated so many people. That's the excuse. Okay. And of course, then this guy denies the, well, I just wasn't once in a while. I'm a radio accident again. Right. Well, crap. You're walking bull crafts. We get so many of those. So I've solved your problem. If you don't like what I see in the show, because I got news for it. I'm not changing anything. I'm going to continue sitting here opening up my mouth. Telling like, that's what they pay me for to tell it the way I see it. Okay. Whether anybody likes it or not, I don't care whether in fact I hope that most people don't like it. Or that a lot of people don't like it. Because most people are out of step with reality. Like all the religious nuts. Like the ones we had all kind of found in yesterday. Like I was busy laying to fill in right now. He's wrapping the straps around his thing. Sir, I'm telling you, I'm begging you. Sounded like a almost worthwhile human being to save. Why not teach yourself some serious ass systems before it's too late? Are scientific friends out there that wraps the straps around his arms until the circulation stops? Because he was raised in a very, very sad fashion. And because he doesn't have the mental power or the emotional capacity to emancipate himself from that bull crack. And it makes him feel good to do it. In other words, he's in an SNM. All right. A lot of people in the SNM. And most people of course are condemned for being an SNM. I don't know why. If that's what they like, if that's what turns to Mon, if they're not, I would go say if they're not hurting anybody. But it's a bad way to put it. If they're not hurting anybody who doesn't want to be hurt, then who the hell cares? So, anyway, I solved my radio problem yesterday. And I was going, They'll never listen to radio in this town again. And I'll be a lot happier for it. Then I don't have to come on here and express my dismay. You know, I can't, I don't try to tell people what to do. But I can't express my dismay over things that I hear. Like Rick Riley trying to be a stock market analyst and about these press conferences, which do I will grant you kill a lot of time. But God, are they born fine? Let everybody do it because they're not programming to me anyway. They're programming as somebody else. Which is great. I appreciate that. I'll listen to my music and have a great time doing it. Hospitalers publish your calls, Clinton critic, hypocrite. This is so great. This couldn't happen to a better little not so, you know, than Bob Barr. Didn't make your morning newspapers because for some reason, did you see the time that Roya just released this 522 this morning, Eastern time? So, for whatever reason, I guess, just after two o'clock at the morning on the west coast, they released this, I have no idea why. I'll all say, Los Angeles. Sex magazine publish your Larry Flint said, Monday has probed to expose hypocritical US politicians, showed Clinton full Republican representative Bob Barr, had an affair while married and paid for his formal wife's abortion. Ouch! Now, I want you to keep in mind. Bob Barr isn't just one of these people who jumped on the band on the impeachment bandwagon after Monica Gate. Bob Barr is such a rabid right winger. He's been screaming for Clinton to be impeached since they he got elected the first time. He's been a rabid impeachment man. Even before there was ever any Monica and he blow jobs anybody knew about he's a lunatic, a right wing extremist of the worst kind, and of course a goody two shoes by winger, who never stole a freight train and is a right to life and attitude, but whose wife had an abortion. His ex-wife. Appearing at a news conference in last saying, the Husband magazine publisher Larry Flint said he had a sworn affid avid from Barr's second wife, jail, Vogel Barr saying the anti-abortion Georgia and the congressman took her to have an abortion in 1983 and paid for the procedure while they were still married. Oh my God. Barr, remember of the House of Representatives, Judiciary Committee, which voted to impeach President Clinton, was not available for comment, but Flint said he had a letter from him calling the publishers charges false and salacious. A spokesman for Barr did not return several calls, but the cable news never reported Tuesday that Barr had issued a statement in which he declined to discuss his personal life. He declined to discuss it. The statement that added, I have never purged myself according to CNN. I've never suggested urge forth or encourage anyone to have an abortion. The statement said according to CNN. Flint said that Barr paid the second Mrs. Barr for, or know that he paid Mrs. Barr for information, although he declined to say how much he received a million dollar reward he's offered for damaging information about politicians. Flint added, Barr drove her to the abortion clinic, picked her up afterward. He paid for the abortion. She's a very nice lady to have two children, and she really doesn't want to hurt him, but she is destitute now. There's nothing that'll change someone's moral outlook quicker than cash in large sums. And it goes on to be continued just a second, including in just a moment the name of the next one who's going to be outed, allegedly, even bigger fish to fry than Barr. Or I'm just salivating. I mean, I'm erect, just waiting for the moment if this is really true. And you find out who it is and the essence of what his misdeeds may have been. His transgressions against the Lord. It is so hard. fair Come on. Here we are, so many more. He's still so many fat. Oh, good, so much more. Welcome off from the hall. Back, good, good, good, good, good. What a fool! They kind of stick it up with it. For such a new, good, good job. And he's so many, good. So many, good, good, good. He's a, good, good job. And he's so happy, so good. He's so happy, so good. I'm so happy. You can't get your eyes on me. I'll be with this. So many, good, I don't think that. He'll bring you a few pieces. But the guy's still so good. But the guy's still so good. So many, good. And he's so good. So many, good, good. And he's so excited, so good. I'm 14 in the 550 that we've been all over. We should inform you that I think we do have a barged right. You know, just knock out the mustache in the air. Eight off to give it to those guys and find it. We're doing it for the image. Come to hear it down over the side of the forehead. So anyway, goes on to say this is where there's news. But also said that Bob Bard doing divorce proceedings in 1985 against Gail Vogelbar had invoked Georgia law akin to the Fifth Amendment to refuse to answer questions on whether he had an affair with a woman who would later become the Third wife. The woman, Gerald and Anne Dobbann also refused to answer questions on the Rothabapilets of Fair. Flint said they showed they have hypocrisy of those seeking to remove the present from office and in impeachment trial revolving around Clinton's affair, but former White House interim on a co-winsky and affair that Clinton denied for seven months. Flint denied that the White House had helped him in his campaign or had any role, but Republican-axial committee chairman Jim Nicholson demanded an statement that Clinton and the tactics of sexual terrorism and put your buddy Larry Flint back in the plain brown paper rapper, or he belongs. Flint said his information was the opening salvo of his campaign to expose politicians with double standards and said he had even bigger fish to fry than Bob Barr along with seven lesser Republicans. He said his next expose would include a video tape of a politician holding hands with a woman, not his wife, and going into a warehouse. Late last year, Louisiana Congress and Bob Leverse didn't give up his hands to become how speaker after learning that Flint planned to expose several affairs that he had. We still don't know how many by the way, several numerous as we can't count that high. Flint said that the second Mrs. Barr had an abortion of the couple's Third Child for medical reasons and underwent treatment for breast cancer about a year later. He drove out of the hospital, he paid for the abortion and then he lied about it, and also had the affair and lied about that or refused to talk about it. Now the rumor is that where's the a drum roll? Do we have a drum roll? Rumor is the next big fish to fry. This is rumored not to definite, not positive, hold your breath. Are you ready? Can you stand it? Walk on your seatbelt. Step yourself into your thighs. Oh! Bigger fish to fry is heavily rumored to be. Trent Lott. Oh my God. I've tightened up the straps a little bit tighter, okay? Make sure that you don't fall out of it if you're standing, put yourself at a sitting position immediately if not soon, okay? If you're driving off to the side of the road, please, for your own safety. The bigger fish to fry is heavily rumored to be Trent Lott, who supposedly had Hanky Panky with two guys while in college. Oh my God. Wow. Next we'll find out that he also had an alcohol problem and a club dominiac problem. Maybe that's why he like his all-ers lump some all together. Trent Lott with two guys in college. Now, you know, I've said this before during these months that we've had all this ongoing. I've tried to avoid talking about too much because it is pandrists, but now it's coming to good juicy stuff. This is good. This is the kind of stuff that America can really sink their teeth collective teeth and do. We love it. Because there's nothing worse than a goddamn hypocrite than a goody too. She was whether it's Jim Baker, whether it's Jerry Falwell, whether it's Jimmy Swagret any of these bastards, Pat Robertson, who's wife by the way had that the baby just a few months. What was it? Five or six months after they were married? Well, they considered it. Yeah, right. Today that's the day that the god I read and the gay, the he stuck his in her. That's the day that the were married in the eyes of the Lord, right? Because he said, good god, that was pretty good. For something like that. Well, these sanctimonious hypocrites, which have been calling them ever since these proceedings began, by the way. And there are a bunch of liars too. You'll notice, you'll notice that during the House Judiciary Committee hearings and then during the general House hearings, they kept saying, well, we're just a fact finding or a group here. It's not up to us to convict or a quit. It's up to us to put all the facts together presented to the Senate and the nay hold the trial. And they make the final decision. But now somebody's right. We lunatics are saying, well, you know, you're going to raise the bar, not Bob Bar, but the crowbar. You're going to raise the bar for impeachment to just treason and a couple of other things if you don't get removed from office. So they're not satisfied that the Senate can sit down and evaluate the evidence. They're forming at the miles, frantic that paranoid that they're not going to get the 67 votes they need. And isn't it interesting that on that Senate and the House Judiciary Committee was Bob Bar? Isn't that interesting? Isn't it also a thing that Newt Gingrich resigned because he was on the list? Notorious, like I've been told, I told you a month ago, notorious. Talking about blow jobs. Well, he didn't sweep out of anyway. Well, that's why he liked the blow jobs because then he could say, well, it didn't sweep out of the bitch. Not to mention, of course, the fact that he was screwing around on the sidewalk still not redo his first life, who was dying of cancer in the hospital and had the audacity to bring the divorce papers for her signature in the hospital as she later in the bed dying of cancer. Nice going, no, hello, a guy. So we're not saying, I'm not sitting here saying, you know, that they're bad guys because they screwed around because most people screw around. I know that a lot of you think the most of you slurs who look at him in the morning and the evidently have convened Alzheimer's. I know a lot of people have that CA call it, convened Alzheimer's. When it's convenient, you forget about all the idyll in that you've done during your lifetime. And of course, most of these guys are guys in your late 40s, 50, 60. What you've lived long enough is that long, you've had plenty of time to do a lot of disloin. I mean, I was sitting here reading the story this morning, thinking of myself, could I begin to even count? Could I begin at my right old age? Could I begin to count the number of people I've did or around within my life? No. Not even close. I can't count that high. Is there any chance that could we count every one of those? No. I mean, I'd like to do some of them over again. But, I mean, you know, this is life. If this is real life, and of course, the media, what about is that? Who's banging on hockey now? Where is that? Right above our head? Yes. Yeah, I told it. There's a lot more banging going on that you are aware of. Some of it, right over our heads. Which I could say a lot about that, but I guess I won't because I need the job. But in any rate, a lot of naked pictures up there in the third floor. So there you are. There you have it. Bob Bar today could have possibly be trapped a lot tomorrow. And who after that? So you can think all you want about Larry Flint and Hustle magazine. You can think he's a pornography artist, Lee's bag, and a scumbag, and whatever else you think. But I think he's doing any enormous public service, because no matter what anybody says, of course this is all about sex and trying to cover it up. And you know, they can call it purgery, they can call it lying, they can call it misleading, they can call it whatever they want. When you back somebody in the recorder, especially somebody who's the guy they imprisoned in the country about getting blow jobs from some intern who doesn't happen to be his wife. Naturally they're going to get together and do everything in their power to cover it up. Just like all you married people out there, do everything in your power to cover up your elicit affairs. And what lie as long as you possibly could under any circumstances, to do it because quite frankly, it really isn't anybody's business other than within your family. It is nobody else's goddamn business. The simple is that there's nothing complicated about it, but if you if you narrow it down to that, that puts those poor people on MSNBC right out of business. Then they have to go back to John Beney and we're all pretty tired of that, because we haven't got anything new on that. What else is there? They got nothing else that built. Cause we know he's the father of our country. There's nothing else that's right in going on. So if you, you know, if you simplify it and you cut it down to the bare bones and you tuck all the extraneous BS away and you put John Gibson behind the in a rubber room where he belongs somewhere, MSNBC goes out of business basically. And then all this investigating the president and impeaching the president, well, blitzer has to go back and sit in an office somewhere inside where it's warm. You know, these people can't decoroll it, maybe we'll find a diet that can't, might work for candy. We'll get some of these people to find another life. Because there's nothing complicated about this and like Tom Harkin said yesterday, it's a pile of dung. It's a pile of cow dung at the house, it's packed out of the Senate. And while they wanted to even trap a lot, that was an interesting. How his initial disposition was very, really flew in the face of what we'd expect from him wasn't it? Very different. He was one of those people who got together right there in the first couple of days. No, yeah, Tom, Dasha, and Trent lot. They're shaking hands. They're high-fiving. They're squeezing it. Maybe they're squeezing more than just hands. I don't know. And he seemed to be very anxious to bring this to a very rapid conclusion until the rabbit right wingers from the house came over there instead of pup pup pup pup pup. No, you can't do this. We want witnesses. We want to testify. We want to keep dragging us out so we can bring in the Jane dough number four, number five, and number six, and number seven. Because they want them out. And I'll never as long as I live, forget that day. I mean, you talk about a big fat tub of crap with his own heavy baggage, not only around his waist, but around his abacra, Henry Hyde, said there were young Congress that first day, remember we put it on the air. And we're going to do everything in our power to make sure that this is nonpartisan and bup bup pup. And that was the end of that. Just like that 100 and nothing vote they had the other day. Some of the talking heads on TV last night made a good point. The only reason the vote was 100 and nothing unanimous in the Senate the other day about the procedure is because that made them look good. Because they're all concerned about making themselves look good, which is why they're all on TV talking up a storm. They have no business being on a TV show is talking up a storm. Because they're jurors in an impeachment trial. Can you imagine the OJ jurors going on how fast would you need to let your own acting out during the OJ trial? Oh, we got the jurors on here today. And we're going to give us their idea of what's going on. We only halfway through the trial. Or maybe the trial hasn't even started yet. Let's put the jurors on here and see what they be saying about. They have thrown that thing out in a country second. The heartbeat. They did it kicked all those jurors off the drain and had to start all over again. But these guys almost every guy damn what a boy they never met a microphone or a camera right now that they didn't like because they're only interested in looking good. They want to make sure that the Senate looks good as a body that looks reverent and whatever the hell they want it to look like to make sure that they get reelected. That's all they give a crap about. This is the greatest waste of time and money. And let me ask you to think we're going to spend $40 million investigating Bob Bar's sex life. No Are we going to spend $40 million investigating Bob Livingston sex life? No, no, or new King Rich? No or Henry Hide? No, or Dan Coats? No. I was that bra for my daughter home every whatever hell her name was. You're going to investigate? No, no. But here we got a president who got a few blowjobs from some young bingo that went through with a presidential knee pads that talked about that that that that talkative jack tape recorded by another big fat broad who was doing the bidding of some other big fat broad that Goldberg bitch Lucy and Goldberg who happens to be a rabbit right winger who wanted to clean now. I mean very very simple put it to a five year old child. Okay. They could understand it in about five minutes. Here's what it is. You got a bunch of rabbit right wingers. They want the president out auto office. He's got you know they investigate all the other stuff could come up with a big fat zero file gate white water. You name all the other stuff travel gate a big fat but he's got a zipper problem which we already knew that they knew it when he was elected the first time and they definitely knew it when he was elected the second time and to the public care whether he had a zipper problem or not and had it most of our presidents had a zipper problem. Yes. Don't most guys in America have a zipper problem. Yes. We all have a zipper problem. Yes. Right. What? It's not a problem. Well, it all depends. It all depends if you can come up with a solution to your problem. And he happened to come up with a solution to your problem. The only problem then was that part of the solution was on that blue dress. That was the problem. That's right. That was the biggest problem. The solution was on the blue dress. Didn't take trial outcomes to finger that out. So there you go. That's my analization of this. I'm euphoric. I'm ecstatic. I hope that Larry Flick just keeps back up. Talking up the storm. Uncovering every guy they want these bastards. Okay. These Tony hypocritical right wingers. Because like I've told you before the ones who are the most highest ones of all the good Christian like for example is rabbi accused of hiring the hitman to kill his wife and sharing material to Jersey. Yeah. So he could pursue all the Asians with other women. So you know, but he told her rabbi, you don't have to kill a bitch to screw around. He should have taken a lesson from Bob Bar and Bob Livingston and all these other right wingers. You know, I have to kill your wife to screw around. Although, of course, it helps get throughout of the way. Then you're not a married man screwing around. I guess which makes it better and he has it a Lord. God, this is one of the great days and history of the human race. But of course, the top story you do understand. Lead story on CNN this morning wasn't about Bob Bar. What was the lead story? Michael Jordan's resigning for basketball. Oh my God. Oh my God. Which by the way, if you're paying attention over the weekend, they already had that story. I'm CNN and on the ESPN. They already had that story. And then they'd bring on a guy from New York times this morning, supposedly broke this story. It's the story like four or five days already that he's retiring and you know something. I know this comes into the shock. I think my life will go on. I'm not sure, but I take in my continued. How about that gambling problem, Michael? I've been lonely for a five or five years. And a little mention had a general best he was a slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's lift the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp our slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world... Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's slurp the slow world. Let's not slurp the slow world. Let's slurp the slow world. He's a great guy, but it's a little flush. It's getting irritating. Okay, I feel great. Except for this flush, this redness in my neck and my face. No fever, no temperature. It's just this ongoing. It just clings it to cling on thing, goes on and on. Maybe it's got punishment again for retung the truth about all this stuff. He gets pissed off about that and fired up. So anyway, we're picking up on yesterday's story. Father held in Todd's death a fuse of abuse in past. Now yesterday, I would want to say the newspaper's jump to conclusions and had some misinformation because do our newspapers ever print misinformation? No, no, they would never do that. About how he had no criminal past. Just come back to the state or a brand well who is accused of murdering his daughter because he was crying. One of his children by this one, one of his got three children by her, he's abandoned who's not his wife and he's a, you know, how it goes. The state or a brand well, the Latter Hill man held in the beating death of the seven-month-old daughter, Sierra Woodstock, was previously accused of domestic abuse by two different women. Sierra's mother, Wendy Woodstock, sought a restraining order of 1997, asserting that Brandwell had battered her viciously. He choked me and he slammed me into the wall and bruised my arm. He was doing all of this while he was holding the baby Woodstock wrote in the court document seeking the restraining order. The baby in that instance would have been one of Sierra's older sisters. What have been to the course he's dead? He repeatedly punched me in my head, dragged me across the floor, threw me in the bathtub, put my face in the waterbed and tried to suffocate me Woodstock wrote. He threatened, he must know Lawrence Phillips. He threatened me if I called the police, he would take the baby and I would never see him or her again. The restraining order expired after 15 days when Woodstock was not married to Brandwell, failed to seek an extension. Brandwell's estranged wife, Drina Brandwell, also filed a restraining order against him in 1997, saying he was abusive. She said, theater, Brandwell's strucker, splitting her lip and shattered a cordless phone over her head. I'm afraid they'll beat me up again because he has in the past Drina Brandwell wrote an attrition for restraining order, but she too did not seek to extend the restraining order beyond its initial 15 days and it expired, just like the baby it expired. Now theater or Brandwell is being held without bond after the death on Saturday of Sierra, Wendy Woodstock and her surviving daughter's age two and four have moved in with relatives. Investigators say theater or Brandwell was watching Sierra and her sisters on Friday because her mother was at work. The child was in a crank, he was watching her, she was at work. Are you following this? The child was in a cranky mood because she had received a series of inaugulations earlier in the day. Her crying angered the father investigators say, so they say he flung his baby girl into the rails of her crib, then picked her up and smacked her head against the wall, the crying stopped. Wow, what a crook that is, not the crying stopped. Sierra became Lothargic and quit breathing. Meanwhile, Sierra sisters with acquaintance and drove to Woodstock's place of work, holding the baby in one arm while steering the car, he picked his head. What a tender, can you see that that's a very tender and loving moment, I can see that. When Woodstock 24 asked Brandwell what happened, he said, Sierra had fallen out of the car seat. At 7.15 pm, the couple walked into plantation general hospital with the baby, then Brandwell disappeared, he vanished. The R was transferred to Broward General Medical Centers P. Dietrich Trauma, a new employee, where she died early Saturday. Doctors said Sierra had severe head trauma with bruising the left eye, retinal hemorrhage, a possible skull fracture, and other injuries. As investigators searched for Brandwell, he picked up the two other children, as he left, he allegedly said he was going to kill himself. Unfortunately, he did not, instead, he turned himself in, Saturday night in face of charges of the first three murder and aggravated child abuse. The Florida Department of Children and Families is investigating the case to see if the two other children should remain with their mother, end of story. Follow up yesterday's grow test horrible story about which most of you don't care. Because like the one caller said, you know how people are immune to this stuff. They're numb. They've heard millions and millions of these stories day after day, night after night, babies and pizza ovens and babies, you know, flushed down the toilet just moments after they're born, etc., and so on, at the senior prom and whatever else. Because it's the American fucking ways what it's all about. So there you go, you know, they all saying about how the scum rises to the top and it just continues rising and rising and where it stops, I have no idea. 560560, 560 on the mobile one line. We'll see if we have any thoughts for law against today. Boy, yesterday we sure had a real thought for law into something in the bottom right now is a matter of fact. Like you know, on the other hand, you've pissed off so many people and alienated so many say, yeah, right. And I'm sure he's listening right now. Two by the way. They bow because of medium power and raise your hand tattoo to four byGER. So that means I know you're not more into horrified. Wife's הי, worry'skad, people the same, they are not on the top. Don't have a遮, like you know that the Abend season will start tomorrow. They'll happened soon on the swath oficles, kids and那 doors. I'm a dream and a white neighbor With every force he'll sign I'm right man they can be very And Bryan and me find your never If you want it 164 L of the 560 WQA. Well, anyway Monday's Martin Luther King, they don't take him to the day off in support of all my civilized brothers and sisters out there, which there are many, there's some uncivilized ones as well, like this guy that battered the baby and beat the crap out of her and but maybe the ought to be replaying all the speeches of Martin Luther King as opposed to these demagogues like Louis Ferrocont and Rhymen and Jeevin, Jesse, everything, everything would be Jeevin and the Rhymen who absolutely nothing but is always there to be the opportunists when the moment comes and the money comes. Maybe the ought to be replaying some of the speeches of Martin Luther King, maybe like bring some people back to their senses. Two open lines a day one in Broward, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line, a tremendous response to this morning, what is some of the biggest news in the history of our lives? Here's North Miami, hello? Yeah, no. Yes sir. I think it was great to see you know what Larry Flint is doing and Larry Flint. Yeah. Because this Republican, they walk around like they are, they're a good issue, they don't do nothing wrong and you know, they're exactly just the American public don't know really, you know, that they're much just come back to. So we, I'm happy that, you know, we have Larry Flint doing this and we're told the support him. I think everybody ought to go out and buy a hospital magazine today, this is your Larry there. That's right. This is your appreciation. My right copies. And you know what I wanted to play for Larry? Yes sir. I mean, the Superman in the wheelchair, that's a good one for. Perfect. Okay, actually maybe he can be his running mate. They can wheel him in together side by side. Okay, a good night's day. And God bless you, sir. Okay, we have an open line in Broward 2 and all day, 560, here's the biggest news. They just dropped nuclear weapons on that. Where's your last good? Anybody interested? That's Michael Jordan's retiring. Don't you get it, man. You're so out of step. Are you ever going to come in line with arrest of us? Lening's out here? No, no. Sorry. 560, 505, 60, pump, 50 on a mobile one line. A shocking response again here from the Saudi. It's this morning. Isn't none. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. No. Yes sir. I listened to you most every day and there are times what I disagree with you, which I have to write to. Yes. I know. I know. I mean, you know, I mean, just like what rapist they should be, they should be, they sterilize it or whatever. I mean, this is like a polling. And you used it while I was on hold here, you talked about like a Jesse Jackson. The opportunity to jump around. Where are these people when the horrible, the spickacle crimes are occur. They're off, you know, trying to find some cause or somebody who was allegedly, uh, prejudice against because they weren't hired or whatever else. But these type of things, this is what they need to be out, a hopping on not only black America, but white America as well. Yeah, or maybe Johnny Cockring will come in and put up a sterling defense, you know, like even for O.J. Yeah, because the guy was at the baby was crying. It drove him crazy. It's something. Yeah. said she didn't react to that. I double co руки man. helemaal that when she stepped on this thing. When I Wochen something. But the guy was not physicallyivated at the boomerotte king. So he, you know, about a single handrail of somewhere else, Take me with me. You know, everyone that leads out in one day is in the same team. One day it was three men those two might not come in. I'm a bit. I'm some other nice lady. But I mean, this is how you just, you know, I mean, it's very frustrating because you don't see this on in certain ethnic groups and then you do the trial-upar crash type and everything else. Yeah. And it's not to say that people, I mean, you know, people with means don't do terrible things like the Joan Bonoite thing. That still hasn't been solved. I'm going to wait. Jump. Whatever a name was. Whatever a making difference now. No, but that's over. And done with the, you hate to think that people got away with it just like, oh, you know, you know, you're not doing terrible things. You're not doing terrible things. But it's a terrible, terrible thing. And people have to wake up and then, and there has to be a solution to it. Well, no, there's no solution. They won't wake up. They don't care. Well, it's on for less. You know, and it's, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, The fact that Michael Jordan is going to be tired of him on their very concerned about that and that the Dolphins lost again, they're the, those are the important things in life. Don't you understand? If I, we may have another press conference or something a little bit of a job coming up in just a second. Which we'd better get on because we got one call on the board. This, this is a calling to me. I mean, it takes a lot to shock me, especially after yesterday. This is a calling. 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one. I think I'd have brought my good music into the anyway because I'm going to enjoy listening to it. Here's a mobile and peppered pine. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you today? Okay, sir. Good deal. You know, you said something before about five year old and this whole thing with the Santa which really struck a chord with me. My little boy last week was a party and somebody had some hi who was doing. And he said he was real disturbed and an adult said, why would you be disturbed? He says, I don't understand why they want to get rid of this president. Everybody tells a fifth sometimes. Everybody says he does a good job. Why don't they, why do they want to get rid of them? And he's going to be six and he's walking, you know, and he's going to, and what's going on in the face. I say, take renquished out of the chair, then put the kid in as well as I say. The other thing you got going on in the get hard came up a little short. That Saturday afternoon when you made that, we've got him in speech. Everybody, you should have raised his right hand and said everybody repeat after me. I have never done a thing wrong with a politician. I think that would hit everybody in the nose. Okay. Take care. Have a great life. Okay, two open lines in Broward one in day. They're very slow this morning. They're thinking about this. They're trying to observe the head and Bob Barn. Who's that? We heard that name before. Do we know who that is? No. Is that the little guy with a mustache? Yeah. And the little guy looks like Hitler on a bed. They were those beauty little wire rim blanched. That's the guy. The guy that looks like a rabbit dog and he. Yeah, that's him. Bob Barn. So in other words, he screwed around according to Larry Flint. And of course, he do understand because Larry Flint has been through all kinds of lawsuits in the pack and then they try to kill them and he's in the wheelchair and the whole business. He's not going to just start like randomly throwing a bunch of crap out unless he's got the image. Unless he's really got the goods unless they're 5,000 percent positive. And of course, the interesting line or two when they're to several interesting lines. But the fact that not only did he not return phone calls to the media, but Bob Barn says he will not discuss his personal life. Wow. How come, Bobbie? What are you hiding behind that little mustache-most beauty eyes of yours? Those rabbit little beauty eyes. He looks like a rabbit posse. Or maybe like a rabbit cone. Here's Miami. Hello. No. Yes sir. Four sterilization will never, even though I agree 100 percent, it will never come to fruition particularly in the Americas, like Central South America and North America. Yeah, the Pope don't like it then. That's exactly why the two of us. Now see America's fucking wing. Right. The two most foul words on the sir is the Catholic Church. Mm-hmm. That's exactly why. They're right. They're the sure and they're running. You know, they reproduce and they recruit and it's just, you know, forced, they, they impose so much misery and so much suffering. First by brainwashing all these people telling them that everything that they do is evil. And then secondly by forcing people to reproduce like rabbits and making babies that they could never possibly take care of or give any meaningful quality of life to. But they don't give a crap because all they care about is power by numbers. It's a numbers game. And even even your southern Baptist, you know, and your primitive Baptist, I mean, it's, you know, you talk about certain neighborhoods where, you know, the people who are like, Oh, no, no, what the Vatican is. That's a deep club you've been working with. No question about that. Yeah. You know, you talk about certain inner city neighborhoods where, you know, all these preachers have come out there where you got to recap to the streets. And then when they're out there hunting for this guy, a little bro, this crack deal and come back, you know, no, the neighbors want to come out and talk about it because they're afraid. So, you know, it's, it's the biggest hypocrites in the world, you're religion. It's no matter where they're, they're Catholic or Protestant or Baptist, I mean, it's, it's a, Yeah, you know, I'm going to show me a ghetto neighborhood with 50,000 ministers in it. And I'll show you a miracle. Oh, you're absolutely, every street corner is another little make believe church and everybody's a minister. And the, the all get tax free exemptions. I don't praise the Lord, yeah. You, you, you look in your borne neighborhoods and this is across America, even up in the hills in the white trash area. And, and the richest people in the little communities are your, are your clergymen. Mm-hmm. And it's just raping and pillaging and, you know, and literally too, the, the altar boys. Well, the Lord works in mysterious ways. All right, see you. And God bless you. Well, these say the Catholic church, why? And the gate clump you more on. I would say, so they're in the Vatican. They're all running around, rest up and drag. Do any other, do any altar boys. We have two open lines in date. I mean, you know, you can deny these things. You can say it's just the ramblings of me on a radio. It happens to be the truth. And there's well documented stories every week. I mean, in a stand war time, or God bless us, so it'll be sad because you know, gambling. There's a super job of clipping out all these articles sending to me day after day, week after week. There is an endless supply of these stories. About children being molested by not only Catholic priest, but others. For us here this rabbi, he became more creative than just molesting here to hit manicures. But nevertheless, men of the cloth. And the public out there, so brainwash like this guy yesterday, who's wrapping the straps, you know, laying the tithirling, is so brainwash that they keep supporting it and subsidizing it. Because somebody taught them years ago that they can't possibly survive without this crunch. You take away this crunch, and they're entire being collapses because they're so goddamn weak. That's why I talk about this stuff because it's embarrassing to me. I'm just ashamed that there are so many people out there who are so emotionally weak in immature that they can't live without this phony crunch, which they know as bull crap in a lie, and they perpetuate by brainwashing their kid with the same crap. Instead of saying, I can't help myself, and I was brought up this way, how about you go out and study about it yourself and figure out whatever you decide? Oh no. We don't want to do that. We can't perpetuate the troops that way for the church, for the Pope, or for whichever group it might be. They'd count you all three lives in data and there's a door now. You know, so I don't think we have any audience anymore. We do. I think when the numbers come out when this book comes out in a few days, I think we're going to find a way of the old points. We couldn't possibly have anybody listing these last two days with all the stuff that's going on. And I'm sitting here pumping phone numbers and pumping phone numbers, and all these people, maybe it's me, maybe I've just reached the, maybe I've blocked the guy said I've alienated everybody in town. I'm a bad guy, I'm a son of a bitch, I've pissed everybody off. It's gotta be me. Isn't that what the song says? Something like that. Do you believe that? No. I don't. 567560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hocken loop. Yeah, huh. Hocker China. Here's a lady mobile in Palpano Beach, hello. Hi, how are you? Okay. Good. Just one quick comment. You know, crying to me doesn't matter in what color. I don't know anything male that would be happy to be raped by black man or or white man. Crime is crime. And I think that's the just of our situation. You need to get it out of race and get it into the fact that it is crime. Period. Yeah. Okay. That's my big concern about this. I get pissed when, you know, we have to describe the crime person is a black or black man. Well, I don't know why is there so much of this going on by black people. Why is there such a disproportionate amount of it going on? I don't think it's disproportionate. It is. Not a question whether you think or not it is. No, in that we, we announced it that way. John the day is still walking around. That's family. Who walking around? John Bernay is still walking around. Okay. What happened to your circle? The family is. Yeah. The two of them are still walking around. And we know nobody can't get the money. Well, I don't think that's rich white people. They have a different touch of justice. Just like, okay, it was a rich black guy. And he had a different set of justice. That's what he did. And we keep perpetuating even with color and money. That's all it is in America. Thank you so much. Okay. We have an open line in Broward, all three in date, 560, 50560, 5560 on the mobile one line, 1056 here at QM, you're oblivious station for the 90s. The Neil Riser show. Now, on 560, wpf, Miami Fort Lauderdale. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Hey. You want to run faster. Jump higher and make the blind see again. Why do you want to move like the wind? So is like an eagle and ways people from that day. Dad, time? Yeah. And today's only one girl in all dreams. He's our new heir, Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. You put up there on. What build is the your game is a miracle? Oh, my god. Why are you talking to me? Why are you talking to me? I've called you to Nicky house. Leave it to Ecceon. Get out, why? Why? Do you just look at my keys? What are you talking to? We're not responsible for any water chamber that turns to I'm going to come and come and see. Look for the other. And Jesus, cross traders. And Jesus. He's going to make you feel like you're going to get. All right. Love it a clock at five, 60 WCOM two open lines in date. You notice that last caller, how she was in denial, and I kept saying to her, but there are a disproportionate note. It's not a case of this, not a case of that. OK, whatever you say, it is. Five, if like I like that pros and cons book. There is a disproportionate number of black athletes who are, you know, and this is a cultural thing. Unlike the dirty bird, not that other bull crap, which has got nothing to do with culture, but just the pit of the, this is unfortunately a cultural thing about how you treat your woman or women as the case may be, and usually plural. And it's a really sad, sick cultural thing, but the same doesn't, does anybody wants to address that? Oh, no, that's not why it's not black. OK, whatever you say, here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, I have an opinion on those Christians and these Catholics. I was brought up by these Catholics in Catholic school with the none and the phyodorant, everybody loved them, but you know what? It was a scam. It was a fake. It was a phony with a fraud. And I'm so glad that I found out Jesus was the son of a Roman soldier. That's a lot of faith in the church. OK, God bless you, sir. He was a Roman soldier, Daddy. We have an open line in Broward, two in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, and pound five, sixty on the 18th, and he wore this line. Here is Meramar, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Your God, man. Yes, I am. It definitely the best. And there's a lot of people out there that can't go to you because they're in their offices. Is that it? They're in their office? Maybe they're on the finger, isn't there? Correct them? Mm-hmm, could be. Yeah, I'm here to look at the hectic. OK, thank you. Whatever. Open line in Broward, five. We got eight million open lines. OK, these people have nothing to say about Bob Barr, about hypocrisy, about the right wing Christian, about the disc I that smashed his baby to death. I'm embarrassed for you, people. I really am. I'm embarrassed for the human God damn race. I'm embarrassed, at least for the American part of the human God damn race. Because I know that in other parts of the world, they're like thoughtful people who are like thinking and reading. And realize that they have, they like compartmentalize their lives. And a certain part of your life is for laughing and puking and having a good time. And a certain part of your life is, you know, going to a ballgame or whatever or recreational. And then there's a certain part of your life, even if it's only a small part, where you like actually use a little brain part and say, hey, here's something I ought to be thinking about that requires thinking. Oh, that maybe I have an opinion on it. Like these people yesterday, that was the first by the way. We had how many three, three colors yesterday who said, I have nothing to say. And, but actually, let's let's hear it for them. They made the effort to call it a tell us who announced to the world because a lot of people I'm sure recognize their voices that they had nothing to say about anything. Anything. To which I would respond, welcome to South Florida. Here's Kendall. Hello. Neil, it's been several years since we all got together and got the intake by Lingulism ordinance passed. And I want to get your comments. Well, what are you talking about? Who is this? This is me, Richard. Richard, who? Well, we collected petitions. We collected signatures on petitions of many years ago. And well, there's an interest in the article. Well, that's an interest in the article. And I'm talking about today. Oh, you want to talk about bilingualism again? Is that what you want to do again? I thought you wrote a call and I were not talking about bilingualism. Okay, my one-dimensional ZacAz friend. Call up that Enes the penis here or whatever his name. He'll talk. Call up Sandy Payton. She'll talk about it until you're blue and the post. Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah. I'm talking about all this other stuff. Okay. Not about the devices by linguism. Okay, which I've already said as much as I'm going to stay on. It doesn't work here. There's nothing else to say about it. We can't even teach these people to speak proper English, okay? But I mean, God Almighty, and this guy's got a breakfast to call. He's got a startup. Oh, yes, years ago we worked together. Yeah, great. Well, I was then and this is now. Okay, Mr. Get a life. Get a frickin' life. You and the M.E. Shapers and the Enes, the penis sure is of the world. Get off the bandwagon and find something useful to the vote your time do. God Almighty, Mark Benson, that whole bunch of one-dimensional idiots. Open lives in date, all three, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18. If you want to take up petitions for forced sterilization, count me in. As Gary Lewis said, uh, count me in. When he could still talk me for this and not to be at nomin' he stopped talking too much. Have a Gary Lewis and the playboys. Here's a lady in Bokeh, hello. Hello there. I just wanted to let you know that I've seen nothing wrong with Larry Flint. Nothing at all. Yeah. I buy a copy every single month and I really enjoy it. And since he's doing such a great job, how come Jesus doesn't read your God doesn't reach down and touch him with the magic stick and let him walk again? Because there's no such thing as God. Jump up out of the chair and start walking and talking and, you know, he could lead us out of the wilderness into reality and out of the hypocritical mess that we're in. There's not a hypocritical mess that is all by choice. What does that mean? I buy a copy of it. How sad, how tremendously unbelievably sad. Do you believe that? That was pathetic. That was just pathetic. We have an open line in Broward, all three and a day. I'm going to play music today, every day. And you people are that this is the worst cloud in the history of mankind. It gets worse each and every minute, every day of my life. It gets worse and worse and worse and worse. And even the people think they got something clever or some little worse, pathetic sad lady, tragic, subhuman. She's doing Brian Murray meant to rely on us today, okay? She's doing VM on a radio. Here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. That's bleeding bitch. Yeah. How you like that? Yeah, I don't see you out of my clever. She's not a kid here on the air, by the way. That's fucking bitch. She's not like the pros at Queen. But Neil, not the change of subject. You missed one of the monumental days and you've had to stay six-three Friday. I watched the officer. It would have been Elvis in 64th birthday Friday. Yeah, that's very important, right? Neil, it's important to these people out there. It's important. It's like today I talked about Graceland. You know something that day I had a lot of calls. Remember that day? You did, could I couldn't get in? It had tons of calls. Everybody in there brother. They're slupping up there to Graceland to see the King. That's right. Last and few will. But it's a damn glad you brought that officer. God bless you. And thank you so much for reminding me. That's the important stuff in American culture. Was Elvis. That's the important stuff. That's the kind of stuff they get in their car. They hop on a plane. They travel 1,000 miles. 1500 miles. 3000 miles. 10 million miles. To go see Elvis. Who's only been dead for God only those how many years now? But we're going to Graceland even Paul Simon is embarrassed for you. Okay? Because you're going to Graceland. And to listen to those idiots. Most of them men by the way. That's what that was the shocker to me. All these real men out there in video land. Oh yeah. So it's a real, it's great. It's wonderful. Well why did you go well. It's great. He was so important. That's our pull question today. By the way, who was more important in American culture? Elvis Presley or Michael Jordan? Very tough on. Huh? Good pull question. Who is more important? Who is a more significant figure in American history? Michael Jordan or the King? We're going to Graceland. I mean, you're talking about, I mean, how can we condemn black people for having, you know, so many, ignorant black people with very poor education and unable to articulate? I mean, what's wrong with being dumb in a country of dumb people? What's wrong with that? Huh? See, I would prefer to have everybody black and white, you know, think that education might be important and use their brain. But where is the priority? When, you know, the big lie, the message out there, like it might be high. Why do you think they have these scandals, even at the high school level? Pretty soon they'll be having it at kindergarten level. Why do you think they have all these sporting scandals? Because the big lie is out there. You don't have to get smart. All you got to do is be a joke and you're going to make $50 billion. And for all the rest of you, for the 99-9-10% of you who don't make it in never will, we've got a lot of jails and a lot of welfare and a lot of whatever else we can do. And a lot of crack. Eight minutes after 11 at 5-16, W-2-Q-A-M. I'm ready and done as dirt. Oh, here's an obstacle. That's bad to jack. That looks what you do. Oh, that's what Spain dressed in. They dressed in red, red-red in red. Oh, that's what Spain dressed in red, red-red, red-red. They dressed in red, red-red, red-red. Yeah, I get stunned. Volkswagen's were kind. She said that the dress like a low-light skull. It smells like two, two, we're in the parade for a hat. Where is the size 14, too? But she still gets this mad. Not the cheap effort is to be a bad man. But she can come on my way. Just the way I like. As for the weakest thing, Jack's brain jack's brain jack's brain jack's back. But with his brain jack's arms. All fat people with the state can do that bad little jack's. Because I learned it. Not his children. And the number would change. Jack's brain jack's brain jack's brain jack's brain jack's brain. And the same dream on. The same thing. There's a lot of this, Claudio Young people. There'd be where the evil relentless jacks of this world. It's 11.13 at 5.60 WQAM. Break cartoon by the way in a city link, along with a great article by Howard Biel. This article by the way, at the end, they finally say it says Howard Biel is a student him for a long time student of the local media. OK? Not to be confused with the real Howard Biel who... I was just going to take this anymore. He's feeling too good anymore, but anyway, I'll get to that a little later. Obviously, probably not too much later, the way this thing's going today. The great cartoon in here, it's got a character cheer of Wayne Hypinga. Dressed up as a figure on a fountain, okay, with an angels wing and he's got a big trumpet, like a corny acopia in his post with all kinds of money in it. And here's the speaker introducing the new fountain. He says, and after so much public and private input, Port Latterdale's newest fountain. An underneath Wayne is a dolphin and a marlin and there's a big sign that's his broward and the water is coming out of Wayne's and he's peeing on Broward County. Nice going there, whoever who was this Craven Craven's a Greg something rather can't read the name in Cityland. Nice going there, sir. Excellent to cartoon. Nice job. City like put some really good stuff in there to that nobody reads it. Here's Boca, hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Is there any larger group of bosons than these clowns in the house? No. It is amazing. I think that history, you know, everybody sort of speculates what history is going to say about Clinton. I think history is going to be extremely untiein to these more outspoken congressmen like bar and Trent Lot. I mean, we've already outed Henry Hyde's already out of the closet. Browca, up a guy's marriage. He was 41 years old. Browca, up a guy's marriage who lives up there in Western. He was the chairman of the house duty jury committee. Now Bob Bar, the most rabbit member of the very same committee. He's out of the closet. You know, having an affair while he was married and then having an abortion which he lied about and of course being a staunch white delightful which he paid for by the way. Sure. It's just amazing to me. These guys can't seem to do anything right. Everything they do just blows up in their face and they insist on speaking to this and speech. But I've seen that all my life. These people are in denial. They had that CA that convenes all convening Alzheimer's and there is somewhere in the back of their mind. It's compartmentalized that they've done all of these things. But oh my god, it's always the way. Like Ken Star. Here's a guy who's obsessed with sex. He's psychotic about it. He wanted every juicy grotesque detail. He puts stuff in a report that was so unbelievable that everybody in the media was embarrassing to talk about it. Absolutely. He's obsessive about it. I think the guy's a pervert. Could be. Maybe he's doing the Trent Lot. Yeah, hey, it's I think it's pretty clear why Trent Lot's been a little more bipartisan. Yeah. Yeah. And why Newt King Rich flew the coup? Oh, without a doubt. Listen, there's one thing I wanted to bring up. It doesn't. It's not on your list of topics today. But there's there's an article in the paper about this. This niche type program that they're using for the war on drugs. And now are you aware of that? Yeah, sure. That's in that book lost the rights by James Bovart. And I talked about that weeks ago. A lot of how they had the kids' assistants on mommy and daddy's shirt. Yeah, not just that. I mean, like say, for example, there's someone that they've caught doing something wrong. They allow these criminals that just randomly pick people out of their acquaintances. And set them up. They call them and they try to get them involved in these drug deals. And there's been occasions where people had like, you know, said, no, man, I don't want to do that. Keep that from the keep that from finally. I'm going to go for my kept sending that one guy pornography through the mail over Noble Oregon. And finally after about the 10 million time, you finally ordered something. And hey, guess what? We're not going on the door. You're going to jail for a verdict. Right. And the people that, you know, that are sort of getting set up, they are facing maximum, you know, sort of thing, guideline. And the people that really committed the crime, you know, in the first place are walking away free. There's a show on TV tonight. I don't know if you're aware of it. I'm on front line at nine o'clock. It's about that. People should watch it because it's scary. What's going on? That's the American fucking wings. Don't kill it or you'll have a great day. Open line of Broward all three and day. They'd count you just, they're not under what? They don't know Bob Barr from, you know, you're going to watch late in the day. 567 ever seemed to get it. 567, 0560, 556, the 11810 T. Whereless line? Here's a Margie, hello. Now, Mr. Jordan, it took greatest Americans ever. Yeah, okay. Thank you so much. And go back where you came from, okay? What's that? 800, we're ready this morning? Not even Nuglia. He's already got the bottle out. He's sucking on it. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Yes, my son's birthday today's first birthday. Great. And it's a little upsetting going. You open up the paper and you should add animal that killed his daughter. And I hope so many things. I hope so many slams. Yeah. I hope so many slams just head against the jail cell door when he goes downtown. That's all. That's just this, you know? Yeah. Okay, two open lines, a day, two and a row, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18 T. wireless line. Welcome to soft float. Any visitors down here now? This is what you got yourself into. Okay, this is exactly what it's all about. What you're hearing on a show. Make no mistake about it. This isn't some kind of aberration. What you hear is what you get. Mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm calling about the comments on Clinton. About what? Uh, the Clinton comments on the radio. The Clinton comments on the radio. Yeah, the impeachment. Yes. And I was just, yeah, I was just trying to figure out how you missed. I mean, you missed all picture. Oh, well, what is the picture? Splay it to me, sir. I'm missing it. I guess so I just don't see. Well, you, he lied in front of the grand jury. Don't you think he should be in peach or how you know he lied in the grand jury. What did he say that was a lie? Well, you said that he didn't mess around with anybody. No, he didn't say that. He said he didn't have sexual relations with Smith and him and her meant in of course. Didn't have any course. What difference doesn't make? Well, I mean, a normal person would be a normal person. If they were asked a normal person in a position like him would say, yes, we screwed around and I stuck a cigar and a normal person would say that. Oh, well, yeah. Well, I guess that's what I mean. Let me ask you this. If Kenneth Starward normal person, which I'm sure he is not, why would he be asking these questions in the first place about the cigar and where he stuck it and did she have orgasms? What kind of, what does that cut to do with the public business? What does that cut to do with running the job? It is job to stick a cigarette while he wants it on a good job there. That's going well. Oh, that's his job to bring it to orgasm, which he said he did four times. Nice going, Erwilly. Bobba, done a good job. Maybe that's his job. Sure, I'm going to tell you if brains were dangerous, you'd be the safest place in the world to hide. Overline in date, 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. He lied about screwing around. And I know that this guy certainly would never lie under oath or under any other circumstances about screwing around. Any more than any of the rest of you would do it, because I know that probably there only a few of us who screwed around in our lives, two, three thousand million times, whatever it's been. And everybody else, you know, it's like, it's like, Ozzy and Harriet. It's like Donna Reed. You know, there's mommy and daddy and there's a boy in the girl and a dog, maybe a cat, maybe a bird, maybe a perky to cock and two, whatever it might be. And that's the American family, baby. And there's none of this other Hanky Panky. That's the exception. Not the rule. Anybody believe that? I mean, I would have thought we graduated since I'll leave it to Beaver. Have we graduated just a little bit? No, that's why there's still running the reruns. Here's Pomp 8OB, Sean. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. I don't know, Ray, or not a radio accident, but he, um, p.D. accent left. I'm surprised nobody's even called you about it, but that's, uh, whammy that times that grow up on times there. Yeah. With this law of Mr. Barrier, with his wagon as we near around here, they come up with this Mr. Delay. Got it. Wagon and Mr. Kennedy. He's, uh, allegedly to be a cause of flavor. Do you hear anything about that this morning? No, I haven't heard anything about that. Yeah, I'm surprised. I don't know. I'm whammy. Well, the reason I haven't any calls was nobody watches whammy. That's probably the reason. I could say I had a p.D. So they get that from. I don't know. I just like, you know, it's gone through the station. So I just come up with a list of the Charles Kennedy is a flaming home all. That's what they're saying. Yeah. Oh, wow. Oh, from there, uh, my little to God's ears. Right. Thanks for the good news. Yes, sir. Okay. We'll have to check that out. Like I said, we're not going to get any relevant reports on it, because nobody watches whammy. But, uh, they, and the newscast every now and then they do come up with something that nobody else comes up with in town, but the only problem is like I said, they're nobody watching. So nobody finds out about it. But like the story said this morning from Reuters, uh, Larry Flint, this, this, he says, forget about the Bob Livingston stuff. Okay. That was small potatoes. He said, this was the opening salvo, the Bob R information of his campaign to expose politicians with double standards and says he's got even bigger fish to fry than Bob R. Along with seven lesser Republicans. Now maybe one of those lesser Republicans might be Mr. Canterby. I don't know. I mean, I could accept something as Emma's just because some guy called up and said he heard about it on a whammy and who if the other one he sent, oh, Tom Delay, oh my God. Oh, I know. Tom Delay. The most rabbit, well, not quite as rabbit as Bob Barr. He doesn't have the jewel coming out of his mouth. He had he's working on it. Oh, seriously, Bob Barr is like he, they'd like her rabbit dog. The, the spittle is like coming down and then he's like, it looks like spittle. In fact, Trent Lott had a little, well, okay, let's go to a lady and, uh, what is it? Or the family? How are you? I haven't heard from you in a dog's age. I do work in construction. You've been working construction? Yeah. So I couldn't get to phone. But I listen. What does that mean? You're working construction. I was working construction. How about husband of you, God, anyway? He's in construction. Hey, you got to you up there hammering on the roof. It's falling, shelving. Oh, Jesus, like I said. Oh, it's fun. Okay, working on erections all the time. Yeah. Yeah, that's what Monica said. It's fun. Listen, happy new year. And the same anniversary, everything to you. Regarding this child abuse. What defense does anyone have against child abuse? You take out a 20 pound baby and slam it into a law? Okay, what do we do? That's penalty. I don't think so. Medell? The ACLU, everybody, you know, you know, screen and no, no, no. Who's screaming? No, no, no, no. I mean, if anybody defends this guy, I mean, actually, he has to have a lawyer briefly, and we fly as that's what on TV. Fine, you know, put him up there, we're bonding with. I don't care. But then what? Oh, look how long it took for them to put bunny away. From years and years and we paid for it. And that's what I'm saying. They won't do that. So in life and prison, oh no, we don't have enough jail. Because we've got all people that smoke marijuana, one and they're taking up space. Mm-hmm. So everyone says that their defense is usually well, I was an abused child. Well, let's just eliminate that generation. Mm-hmm. Shoot some, I don't care what. The eliminate that generation and maybe the next generation will be able to say, I was an abused child. Yeah, that always is a great cop out. I was an abused child. Therefore, it's an excuse for me to do stuff like this. I don't buy it. Yeah, and there's no defense for it, but there's no punishment suitable. And I don't know how to go. I mean, I care. God knows I care. But what do you do? You have too many people fighting with death penalty. Panel seven news, five or five tonight, we're going to fry his ass on the Eric Sanchez, going to pull this witch. You do that to a couple of them all, but you do a lot more people behind it. Okay. Okay, you'll be talking on all the other. So have a great life. You too, bye. The band ladies, he's working construction. What? We have an open line in Broward, 567, 05, 60, and pound five, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's great listening to you. It's first time I called. I just want to say, Larry Flint is God. Yeah. It's wonderful what he's doing. You know, you think, what I do if I had millions, the kinds of things someone can do. This guy's doing a great service for the country. And I guess that's it. And have a great day. All right, bye-bye. Open line and day, that's what we said. Larry Flint from President. Oh, right now, stick his ass in there, okay? And the rest of him to it will all fit in. And not much left. He's in that chair. That was that great movie where he was the judge in his own movie. Larry Flint's story. That was the beauty. But that's America for you because he's a pornography. He's giving the public what they want. He's selling smarty with peddling like naked women and stuff. Oh, my God. Therefore, he's an evil man, especially in Cincinnati. Country that just refuses to grow up. That's what this is all about. This is about the puritanism of the American public. And the fact that these right wing Christians and self-appointed more or less in our country have decided that they can nail anybody they wanted any given time based on their sexual pecker dillos. Is what it's all about. The only thing they keep forgetting is about their own pecker dillos. That's the problem. That's the chicken in the wood pile. Because most of these people think, wow, nobody's never going to find that out. Oh, surprise. Surprise, somebody puts up a lot of money. You'd be amazed at all the crap that people will talk. But that's right. Open line in date 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 1126, a QAN. Oh, my God, you're breath is so beautiful. Coming soon to a theater near you. Oh, surprise. Super raven is Superman, Super man 5. That's how Superman clamped in me open it, drowning. Hey, here comes Superman. Here he comes. He's an wheelchair. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, gentlemen, I'll do great. Yeah, man, I'll call you Super Gim. Get out of your freak. Oh, oh, Claire. I'm not gonna tap me. Get on top of the larger. Oh! Wow. Oh, the info found how tightly-picked out-awaited TV Superman. We-we've cryptum rate. No, scripts. No, no, no, no, no, no. She remained by the search for a bigger doorway. Rolling into a theater near you. It was so hard to send in the bag. It's 11.356, the WQM. We have the B-lines all open, all 200, and we're 5.670, 5.50, 5.50, 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. West Palm Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Where are you, sir? Okay. I don't get to listen to your show too often, but I get to run errands. And I listen to your show a while in the car. The only question I have is, and I'm not like a closet request or anything, but I love that guy that says, no, that mean guy. I don't know who that is, but that's the button. I don't like this new, no guy that you're using. I guess the gay guy? Yeah? I'm here. Sorry. I know it's shocking that I'm here, but I'm still here. George is on the floor. Oh, you called me about the no. Yes. You made the effort to make a phone call. Yes, sir. Yes. Could I- could I love them so much? Mm-hmm. Good, I hope you have a little bit of that together. Hope you have a great life together, sir. We have a no. Yeah, we have an open line in Broward and all of the day. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, five, 60, how to get your AT&T wireless line. That's even I am shocked by that. Takes a lot to shock me. I am in a state of shock. Eighti? No. Oh. Here's a lady in sunrise, hello. Hi. Yes, man. Your funny is how? Yes. You're so funny. I just want to ask you a quick question. If you don't believe in God, why do you wear a beanie on your head? Because it's a joke. That's the point. The point is because it's silly. It's ridiculous. I'm not wearing a beanie on my head now. Oh, because they want you- I used to want you on wavy, I was afraid. I thought your show was on right and I did it and that's one of the reasons that the show was not anymore because nobody got it. Nobody understood what that was doing. Oh, oh my god. Okay, now I feel really stupid on the air. Right, there you go. Welcome to the club. You're a member. You're initiated. Have a great life. Thanks. Bye-bye. Okay. Well, is she admitted she was dumb and she was laughing about it. Oh, nice going sweetheart. Why did you wear a young look at? Everybody was so offended and you were talking about specs and there's a, oh god. I mean, there was there any chance that that show, I mean, especially on that station. Oh, no. From the beginning, a death nail, a death wish. Why are you wearing a beanie on your head? Because it looks stupid because it's silly. Don't you get the message? First she starts out by saying how funny I am. I guess the point that was the whole point. And I'm wearing your all because with panther of stuff on it. I mean, the world, the world, the world, one on here with the, with the thing on the top, whatever. Have you called that thing propeller? Yeah, with a propeller on it. Right propeller head Rogers. Oh, how come if you don't believe in God, you're wearing a beanie? Well, let me ask you this. Do you have to wear a beanie if you believe in God? No. And if you don't believe in God, can you wear a beanie? There you go. What does that have to do with the price or rice we'd are? We don't understand it. Maybe if we could have somebody come on it could have explained it to us. Then we might have watched this show. We have an open line of power. And all day, this is our last call. This is another struggle here today. Another massive mammoth struggle. On the 12th of January, 1999, as I continue asking myself that question, is it worth it? Every time pay day comes I say, yes, but boy, oh boy, what a massive battle this is. 567 0560 and pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. No. That's for that guy. No. Here's a mobile in Highly. Hello. Hey, you know, I'm a member of the Bass right wing conspiracy. Yeah. I am a rivalry public and I think it's great with Flint doing. I just hope that somebody like a right wing millionaire like a group of Murdoch or somebody does the same thing to expose, expose, hypocrites in the left. Yeah. And maybe we'll get more responsible people in the government. More responsible people under his people who don't screw around. In other words, you want people to be running the government who sex lives are up to your standards, whatever those might be. No, I want people who have their sex life is so deviant that they can't expose it and tell the truth about it. They can't get in. But if they got a big portion in the background, big deal. Yeah. Tell the truth about it. Don't lie. Yeah. That's what I want. I want you to understand is that most Democrats, the overwhelming majority are pro, you know, pro choice. They're not running around screaming a yellin about the evils of abortion like Bob Bar was. And that's why he can't admit that he paid for his wife's abortion or that he was involved with it. Well, I think abortions are only part of it. I mean, everybody's got something to hide. And if it's so insidious that you got to hide it, maybe you shouldn't be in government. Yeah. You were willing to tell me that. I'm not saying the point of what the hypocriture all about the hypocrites are pointing at Clinton for what he was caught with his zipper down. And then the hypocrites, unfortunately, are on your side. I hate to break the news, they're on your side. You know, Democrats have got plenty of, you know, they got to Barney Frank and they got Ted Kennedy. But most of their exploits are already on the open by now. And they still get reelected every time they, you know, went for office. And that's the way it should be if it's, if the people are willing to elect him with all their faults. So be it. But I'm sure there's people on the left side of the aisle that have to be. But you're missing the point that people are outside of the aisle. I have the ones who are devoting to impeach the president because you got a few blow jobs. You're missing the point. Well, that's just in this case. You know, we're talking about this case. That's only the president. Right. Okay. I'm glad you're happy. If you're happy, we're happy. Wow. Let's just, let's say, how about this guy? Let's read. Let's trace the call. Let's get word word out to spend a couple of million dollars and find out who this guy's been dealing. Okay? And what, what his penis looks like. Since he's obviously, you know, rabbit to find out about everybody's, uh, take her dillows. Your missing a point, sir, it's called hypocrisy. It's called a bunch of dumb like Tom Harkinson. Yesterday, let's stop with this juvenile embarrassing bull crap. This puritanical garbage, this swill, which is the best that these right wingers that that can't have star and all Richard Melonskate. But all these right wingers, this is the best that they could do was tabloid trash. That was the best they could do to try to overturn two elections. Open line in Broward, two in date, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Any idea how you doing? Okay. First of all, that guy should be fried. That, uh, black guy? Yeah. Who cares about government anyway? Most people can't control any of it to begin with. At least that's all I feel about it. And, certainly, you know, I have to agree with that guy called I hate the new know. Yeah, okay, great. Thank you very much. Another one of our thoughtful listeners out there. Thank you. Okay. We have two open lines in date, two in Broward, 560, 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's line 10. Hello. Lantana. Yeah, hello. Hello, sorry, Neil. Yes, sir. That's okay. Okay. A couple things. One is, um, remember that woman who had all those babies in the media jumped on it? The octopalage. Yes. Right. I'm not going to switch our unfortunately still alive. Well, one of the things that most of the news reporting agencies did not make public was that he couldn't even see the babies for a while because he was under, um, they had a worn out because he had hit the mother and law. That woman's mother. Oh, my God. He had struck her and he was in trouble with the law for that. Yeah. But of course, they kept blasting over that. You know, like, oh, it's so wonderful. And, well, the father's not here right now. He's busy, but he's busy. He's otherwise occupied. Yeah, dealing with the police. So that just goes to show you what else all about. I think this is really a bull. And if I'm part of that expression, they've booned for a lot of my words that they don't know if they want to really catch up with everybody. All right. So, you know, if you're going to be catching up with everybody else, they can start over populating my crazy, just their properties for utility pills. I mean, you know, Viagra Pillar in one hand and if we're till they pull in the other. And man, there's no telling how fast we can start over running the human race. Yeah, yeah, the White House will be paying it black by the year 2025. They take clean. That's when Caucasians are minority in the country. And that's it. And so the whole picture's going to change. Yeah. Oh, nothing wrong with that. But it's coming. So it's just everybody hanging in there. Okay. I'll see you in Sweden. I'll see you in Howard. Five, six, seven, a stir by the year 2025. Well, I didn't know they could multiply that good. It's rough solution on it's steering or else it gets the whole idea. I'll kill the god in Monica for China. I'll kill the god in the country. I'll kill the god in the country. I'll kill the god in the country. I'll kill the god in the country. I'll kill the god in the country. I'll kill the god in the country. I'll kill the god in the country. And then, I can't saw the sun's fever. But it means the hurricane naked. It's so hard to leave to go in blind. That's a clear sand and mud. That's when he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary of his working on a practical joke. He took him back to Nudo for the next floating. Loading for Monica was blowing, the smoke. That's fucking bitch. Bill's a god in Monica's a China. Oh right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it when he goes. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a scar in her vagina she's on my head. Please don't say that phrase. All people feel that Hillary's been made up of a fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Outrageous. But in the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning. Moaning out. Goal to and her with bills, those bombs. Bill's a god in Monica's a China. Yeah. She lets out a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes it when he goes. Monica is not the kind you can do in. You can do in the behind. Girl. Girl. And her vagina she's on my head. Yeah. Oh, candy and candy. Yes, does matter. Is that her? Oh, yeah. But you gotta do it. Take a sip of it all. Everybody in the ground. Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's six times a year. Something comes along. That is a major classic in that boys and girls is one of them. Boy, I just could so I could goosebumps hearing that. They're just all emotional. By the way, our poll question today is which, you like better? No, no, this one. That's our poll question today. No. And you like? Yeah. Or. Or. I'm sorry. Sorry about that. Or how about kind of like understudded? We have two open lines. A day two and a row. They're dropping nuclear weapons at home state. And any interest out there? No. Okay. Five six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty out of eighteen. Two wireless line. Bad mistake. Every time I come in here and start getting really morose and depressed and taking everything seriously, these people get very upset about that. But you know something, and spite of that. I still sneak it all in there. Regardless, I've been doing that for years. I still sneak it all in there. Get my stuff across. It's by the fact that I think this is a, you know, a silly place. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. I know I don't get a chance to listen to your show very often. I have a comment. Then I have a couple questions for you. First of all, I'm, I'm the Christian. And I do not condone that the behavior of any of those. The Jerry fall wells and the Pat Robertson and them. They are nothing but hypocrite. If they were supposedly called called to preach the gospel, we were taught to forgive and move on. They are so vindictors and they, we publicans with their self-righteous hypocrites. And Ken started with that tribal carry and merciless. Yeah. On his base, I hope you can. He's always taken out the garbage. And I guess he's the expert when it comes to garbage. Well, the thing is, there's an old thing there. What goes around comes around. And he's going to get his and space. And now I have two questions. Yes, man. I think that is the republicans. We're so interested and so go and go to call witnesses like they are in the Senate. What happened to them? Not calling witnesses in their own. In the house right now. I'm not telling the president of the prime from Nevada's on CNN right now. And just got through saying exactly the same thing. And it's, I just don't understand these people in the media who had that convene all timers again. Anybody with a brain would be asking that question. We all remember Henry Hyde and Tom Delay and the others getting up there and saying, very adamantly, we don't need any witnesses. We've got everything on the record. This testimony was all in front of the grand jury. There's no reason to call these people back because they would never change their testimony. Because that would make them purger and they would go straight to jail. So it's all right there and the report is eight million pages. And let's go all with life. We don't need to make our decision. And then they drafted two articles of impeachment and presented in such a way, not for the Senate to decide, but they presented in a way where they said that the Clinton should be removed from office based in their findings. So if they've got all the evidence, if they had an affair, it's to make that determination. Why in the world accepted drag it out, of course, and it also does a door for more crap to be brought in. Why in the world should the Senate now call witnesses. It makes no sense. None. To me, this is. You want to clarify. I'll give you the answer. What they are terrified of is that this thing is going to be resolved very quickly. And they're going to sit down for a couple days and give their side. And the president's attorneys are going to sit down and give his side. And then they'll put their questions in writing and that will take another day. And then they'll take the first vote. And the first vote will be 51 to 50 or maybe more than 51 to adjourn to get the whole thing over with. That's what they're paying in their pants about. And they're scared of death that is going to come back and bite them in the butt. Right now you got to bet that right. There's between a rock and a heart plate because they carried it this far with a phonetical degree of hysteria. And now if the Senate doesn't finish him off, now they're really screwed in 2000. Okay. And my second question is, who has the power to shut down Ken Starr? His office. He's continuing to re-home. Well, both of you sure are well. Well, yeah, we'll give him a chance. I mean, don't you see the political implications of that? She can't put him out of business. I mean, the president could fire him just like Nixon did fire the professional prosecutor. And they would guarantee he'd be out. But the thing is, wasn't he hired first of all to, he took over the white water. They didn't find anything. Right. All the other gates that they had. They didn't find anything in there. And he was selected by the way by Jesse Holmes and Senator Ferret Lock for cloth and all those other right wingers in North Carolina. Okay. They're the ones who got him in there. And then he finished his report on the Lewinsky deal. Yeah. Done with the Congress. Now, show him down. There's no more out there. Well, let's get the beach pours to shut it down. Well, we need to do something because the man is a menace and I don't want him to wait to my taxpayer stars anymore. All right. Have a great day. You too, buddy. Bye. Thank you so much. There you go. That's Christian Lady. And she says, uh, Ken Starr's full of crap is what she said. I'll say because I'm not a Christian. I'm just a heathen. Faster. We have an open line of day five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Liers, hypocrites one day they're saying one thing the next day they're saying something else. And of course they realize at this point that everybody is so inundated with this crap that nobody except the most rabid people with their lives or watching MSNBC. Nobody can stomach another minute of this bull crap of this dumb. Nice going Tom Harkin. How dumb. That's what it is. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. How are you doing now? Great. I got to tell you. I think outgold being set at the past. The government wants to spend all this kind of money turned and investigate the right porn. It's, you know, you can put a lot of, a lot of good companies out of business that are already in this business. And I think they just need to focus this, the country and the continuing to grow. I think you also have a better, cool Ken Starr. You'll listen for glory, ho. I think that's something up well. Yeah. I mean, we got to focus the entire world is looking to be laughing at what we're doing. You know, I don't really care whether the president had to fare or not. I just want to know that he's doing the right thing and guiding our country. I think you're going to make a lot of people a Republican convert to Democrat. I keep reading letters to the editor in papers every day from people who are saying that after after 20 years, after 40 years, after 50 years. I'm switching. I was ready to be Republican all those years now by becoming a Democrat. I'm switching because I'm so nauseated by the fanaticism of my party and this is historical witch on this lynch mob. It's, it's really. Who cares? I mean, if he would have lied about anything that had money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money. Light, like, like, funneling money to the comforts, right? Something like that. Then maybe we ought to impeach him right? Like he shouldn't under Reagan and Bush. Right. Or some sort of real good scam that he's going to profit. you know he's profit it from his office right definitely I'd be the first one out there with a banner I don't have it they spend fifty million dollars in the still couldn't find it so now we got penis gave right that's a whole key and so he lied to keep he'd listen he'd really did lie he lied what did you lie he lied about himself and their under oath who cares I mean it's like well that's been done that you know well so far we're not finding out too many okay have a great day pal so that thing about trend lot boy I can't don't let me be a sleep on the day that that's the right comes out woo if that's true supposedly at Hankie Panky with two guys while in college and supposedly is one of the next on the list the big fish that Larry Flynn is going to fry trend lot Mr. self-righteous piece of turd opening up a big mouth maybe he was doing it with Reggie White wouldn't that be something on that would be a fun of revelation see one thing I discovered is that homophobic people see or like George says he makes you the point that is most heterosexual people are not concerned with other people sex lives unless they're molesting children something like that unless they're raping somebody abused in somebody but other than that most ordinary people aren't concerned with who other people are doing because it doesn't affect them it doesn't interest them so that when you get rapidly homophobic people I have generally found throughout my lifetime that people of that ilk are people who've got real serious hangups and problems of their own as you can hear the skeletons rattling in their closet here's Miami hello Miami yes sir yeah love to show of course first of all and I want to vote on the know yes uh my um that oh that's the or no actually it's the original one you used to you know that's no no that's the one that's you were just a hurricane well that's the one I'm looking uh yeah that's a hurricane going no that's the let me say that no what about the Jamaican uh yeah mine yeah what about it are I gonna hear it can you hear it sure for a million dollars yeah I'm not never great day pal get out of here two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line four louder they'll hello Neil yes sir um Ted Levine the one who plays Buffalo Bill yes he's in a movie the movie's not that good but it's on HBO sure trying to call bullets how it plays the love she in the past yeah with Mickey Roach where he played you've got Mickey Roach yeah who's terrible of course of course glad Melty know that he plays his brother and he's working around the dirty robe and dirty white under with all movie if like a parallel military guy who's waiting for the next four walking around with the zoookas and he's really out of it and whack it's a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking the back yeah he's really good he's good when he plays those wackos so I just wanted to tell you that if you just to see that movie bullets to tape it fast forward to his scenes he's really good okay excellent thanks for the good news okay bye good news right yeah open line in date one in brown five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in north Miami hello you're so how you doing okay sir yeah no we don't have that okay thank you okay we have an open line a day one is power five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the simple that I mean on the AT&T wireless line oh god who are you kidding you like can yourself all these years full in yourself you just did learn with it here's a cool for city hello gee don't have it you should get it get what whatever the guy want I got it less than the do you know he's going to get it what is it Larry Flint last night what about it well you know he's got that whole investigation what do you think I've been talking about here for two hours today's yours George that nobody brought it up nobody brought what up the fact that Larry Flint had a statue two people in sixty in the doing doggy style oh I didn't hear that I behind them now I got a watch to take over the hell is that from or did you see that oh on cease-bending all right now we're talking right do you stop with that I have to be for you you house you that's the best thing I saw this one okay thank you God bless you we have an impact we're gonna have a contest between L. Goldstein and Larry Flint is he who's the most perverted and who's the most popular which we love and both here's north Miami Beach hello I would win that contest and so okay how you doing deal great you know they had Flint done good morning America this morning really yeah well too bad I was mocking like everybody else I wasn't credit we yeah like everybody else not was single jerk off his mention it but anyway I because this is really part of it what you're talking about yeah first of all that got to call this as he would like to see you know Flint doing the same thing to do to Democrats no not to report Murdoch he wants a good right when you're like who for Murdoch doing it to yeah okay yeah it's a test correct but he ate well he said was that he when he did this investigation he found eight Republicans and he found one Democrat yeah and so he says he's going to expose them all he doesn't care if the Republican or Democrat he's trying to show the hypocrisy right in government he doesn't care if it's Republican or Democrat and so that that's that guy you don't need to take a genius to figure out why Bob Livingston and Bob Bar would be to the first ones that he would expose I try and later what's going on I mean you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure that out right that was going to be my second point the reason why he's he's doing that is exactly because these are the ones that are barking the loud right you know uh Gainrich is is another one that that eventually they'll find something on you know they already had him that's why he's gone I guarantee you can bet your life on it that's why he's a long time you think real fast you bet yeah I you know all right we're on the same way length I just wanted to touch a piece of you about that it was very interesting interview well like tiny Tim said god bless Larry Flynn yeah thank you and have a great day and now what tiny Tim said I think so yeah an open line of day one and Broward five six seven our poll question Elvis is it Elvis is it Michael Jordan is it no or is it no or does anybody care no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line it's eleven fifty seven a Q. I.m. so that's a little bit we're going to see this is Debbie. Oh my god I'm interested in getting through operations done okay and some body contouring and some liposuction and I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic professor he says it's all of these things does wondering oh you like to start with well I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my my thing okay we don't do that no could you do breast implants though I can't be done I don't know if it would be right the lotion in the basket how much five thousand excellent I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too the laser surgery have the lambs stop crying yet mommy it's you're doing don't hurt mommy's little baby it works the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV okay can you make me look more like a woman well we'll have to see you first and they're upon looking actually we can tell you that when we see you should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy if you'd like to it works the lotion in the basket what you like to make in the point man okay there is a hundred dollar consultation fee that's fine okay okay my name is popular there okay let me get a little information from you okay my daughter you watch the lotion in the basket I understand it was the lotion in the basket do you want to come in for consultation for the person the lotion in the basket okay you would you like to make an appointment you want to call me back yeah what's the lotion in the basket I understand it works the lotion in the basket would you like to make an appointment it works the lotion in the basket okay I will talk to them to try them okay it works the lotion in the basket I told that wouldn't play that with that line. There's probably two or five 60WQM. We have two open lines in day five six seven five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Take my flushes turn to go. I'm sending fuel great. Maybe because there's fresh air in here. Maybe because I'm breathing fresh air. And not on that stuffy delta plane. And healing that horrible. I'm positive that's what was it. Sounds like a major lawsuit to me. Here's a lady in Naples. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. First of all, I want to say I love your new. No, I don't know why we're complaining about it. No. I think it's great. I think it's spectacular. And if they liked a bit that I just played. How could they not like it? No. It was your age, people. I shouldn't have been there. Was there any time, right? No. Okay. I wanted to ask you. I wanted to go back to Europe. I have a better room. And I know you went to Amsterdam. Yeah. I've been to both places about 70 or 80 times, yes. Well, they really close to go to both. It's about two hours flying time. No, not at all. So I'm flying less from here than here in New York. I remember I was in Boca when that guy called up and said, Did you have wild gay sex over there? Oh, yeah. Right. Well, as a guy with no life and he's sitting there conjuring up. I mean, the idea of me having wild any kind of sound. I mean, just so I'm using such a compliment. Well, he's a figure. He didn't smoke pot. So you should have been smoking something. Right. My brother was called to all the time. He's the one in the last 30 pounds smoking crack. Right. He called me yesterday. So listen, listen, I heard him smoke. When is he getting out? I don't know. When's he going to go out of the crack? Yeah. I don't know. I'm trying to bake right. But I'm on my way here in Naples. He's in Fort Lauderdale. These listen right now. Probably smoking it. Well, I mean, we probably already heard from them today from the sound of it. Okay. Well, listen, have a great day. And where are you going to go? I'm going to try on two weeks. Great. Well, that's good choice. So I'm going to ask you a song. I'm going to be good. Just thinking about going to Amsterdam because I met this girl. And she lives over there. But I knew you'd go to Rome all the time. Yeah. Where do you stay in Rome? Go to Amsterdam. What do you have in Amsterdam? Go to you have a great time. All right. We're going to go to Rome. Leave that to the Pope, okay? The Pope got off the plane. So sorry. Folks, I'm too poop to Pope. Okay. Have a great day. Like I said, we have an open life in Broward. I think she beat us to it. I think she's already been there. And just got off the car. That's a good stuff. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60 on the mobile one line. Wow. Here's Northmine B. Hello. Northmine B. Is gone? No. Right here. Are you right there? Yeah. I just wanted to say that the reason. Sound very distant. Like you have like something over the phone? No. Oh, there you go. The reason that the house wanted to finish there. There's so fast. The meeting call witnesses. Hmm. Was because you could have something on the table. Who has come as an S5 to your Republicans right? That's right. Right. That's why they had the full court press on. That's why there was a deadline. Which anybody with a brain knows that when you're dealing with impeachment or president, there shouldn't be any deadline. Unless of course, for politically expedient purposes, which it was. Excellent. Right on target. The excellent point. Okay. All the deadlines are open all three of them all 600 of them. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey. Have you fallen me off? I'm back to you. Hey. I got a couple of them by the way. It's got to be within the next few or four weeks. I think. I don't have to be. You don't have to be Jewish to enjoy a good home and talk. I think. I'm. I got a couple of things I want to talk to you about. The first thing is. Don't you think this would be a pretty good time for like a new political party to emerge that would. You more represented it with most people. I mean, I'm not a Democrat. I'm not a Republican. Yeah. And I've had that little to a cross per rose route up that thing. He was when I know that Jesse Ventura got in I had party. But he didn't win because it was reform party. He got in because he was Jesse the body Ventura. But the two bad we don't have an alternative because the Republican party basically is history. They have imploded. They have self-destructed right in front of our very eyes. These led out of our months. There are a bunch of morons at this point. But better thing I wanted to say is it's kind of a programming note. You ever thought about thinking if you get the beastly to get back on a, let's say, morning hours to replace the worst team. And I wouldn't get up. They asked me that when I came here. I wouldn't do mornings again for all the money in the world. There isn't enough money to get me to get up at four o'clock at the morning anymore. There's really me in the morning so it's even work listening to his Bob and Tom. And if you're past five, 95, you can't get the station. Well better than me, I'm not getting up at four o'clock at the morning. I'm too old for it. Love you now. Have a great day. We have an open line in the Broward, all three and day. What's wrong with these people in Dave County? Is the cat got your tongue today or you're killing a cat on the front lawn for lunch? Maybe that's what it is, huh? Some of you barbarians in Dave County out there. They've got no opinion about anything in the goddamn world except the worst of the polota. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Where's the polota? Anybody know? No. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Hey, I went to my mood for the Larry King now. Okay, thank you. Okay, open line at Broward, all three and day. Last call for phone calls today. And we're going to wrap her up. We're going to just zip it up real tight with a ziplock bag and go smoke it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Air being out in it. You know, you're rolling along. It's always a rocky road in this town. And then yesterday started a new era. Air being out with the holiday era, this era. And you go a couple of weeks, everything's great. And then comes along a new hub bump in the road. That's the way it is doing a show in this town. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, are you following me? I'm going too fast for her. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0, 5, 6, 0, and pump 5, 60 on the A mobile one line. Whatever one it is this hour. And then you go to the next day for it. And the call too. Mobile in for a lot of day. Hello. Hey, new RAU. Okay, sir. You know, they call it for trade it with the morning. All they do is take calls from idiots. Did you hear that? I know I'm not here, sir. And I've had the beginning of my show. I have CDs in my car now. I do not listen to radio anymore. Any station. I listen to music. I'm very happy about it. It's not even my lawyer's play. I don't listen to it. Very simple. I stopped his problem immediately. I listen to my music. I listen to Marvin Gaye and Tammy to welcome to work this morning. It was a high man. I was so happy. I was into a laugh or cry. I've heard my last press conference boys and girls from some very unimportant Jock. I've heard no fast one. Wow. Including Michael Jordan. Are we going to have his press conference on his show? No. Oh, very jackass will be upset. I hope Michael Jordan when he retires tomorrow. I hope he holds his press conference between 10 and 2. Will we broadcast it on this show? Absolutely positively. No. No chance. But isn't he really important? No. Can we get a scheme of things? No. We need to give a dollar in sense. That's important in that's key. 9 minutes passed noon at 5. 60 WQM. He called for a show. Two got Vostor talking baseball for some strange reason between 6 and 8 and 2. Then Vostor talking other stuff from 8 to 10. Ed Kaplan talking serious gambling 10 o'clock tonight. That's the program. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm the one. Only. I don't know. I don't know. Why do I need to leave. I don't know. They do. They do. They do. Tying over five. Swash my collection like you think. It's alright. Tying over five. You're decreasing you've You know, some of these people, I don't want to start matches and know that. No names, you know, like Bob Bar? Wow. Maybe he was dealing with Ryan. Who's the other one, Tom Delay? Wow. And that BDI Charles Kennedy from Florida? I'm serious. I would have an accident. Gordy Morghan said that turned out to be true. Wouldn't surprise me. He looks like a real closet case to me. That BDI little twerp takes one to no one sweetheart. That would be surprised in between doing all of this interrogating. I know what he's doing. Look at the glory hole. Right. Probably one of those guys you run into the truck stop up there in Lakeland. You know, all you truckers out there, let's hear about Charles Kennedy. By the way, speaking of, let's hear about it. Anybody see that, uh, because I forgot about last night on E&E, Tony Perkins vial. No, whichever he's seen before, but my memory, you know, how weak it is. And I'm wondering on that thing, did they really mention tab hunter by name? Because he's still alive and very much in denial, by the way. He's just he kidding anybody tab hunter. Oh, come on sweetheart, who you can. Yeah, that was a hot and heavy. I guess I read about that in the celluloid closet. Was that the name of the book? Yeah, great book. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I need a while you. Great. My vote goes for the aha. Yeah. The aha vote. Yeah. And I want to tell you that I'm a registered Republican and I'm so in a way. Throw it away. Okay. I came believe these people. That's what I'm trying to throw it out. What's that? When it doubt get out. Well, okay. It's good before they won't let you out. I'm in death and I'm in death and doubt. I'm telling you, it's right. Right wing conservative. They think they're right wing conservatives. And look what they're doing. All these. All the things coming up. Yeah. From one point out. The model of the Republican party now. Don't do as we do. Do as we say. That's their new model. I'm believe. I'm believe what a shame these people are. Well, God bless you, sir. Great show. And have a great day. We have an open line in Broward 2 in date. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. I have 60 pound, five 60 on the mobile one line. Let's hear it for her. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I'm Neil. Yes sir. I do. You have to excuse me. I'm Karen. I'm quite my grindier. You're one? Yeah. I got 10 stitches to do today. How do we operational. And you're going. In your rectum. Ok. No. Oh boy. Oh. I did a front, I saw. Let's get back to work today. Here I am. See. That's a little twirp peroe with behind him. No, it wasn't that so that he was behind him. He ran on a reform party. I don't know that Pearl had anything to do with him directly, but that's the party he ran on. Oh, I'll call that. Because I want how could he win? I mean, I guess maybe he won. He probably got it. You have to the body venture. That's how he won. Yeah. Because he was a wrestler and people like professional wrestlers, that's why. Because if they could bring gorgeous George back to life, they'd probably make that a lot of money. Yeah, they were California. Anthony Raka? What is it? Anthony Raka. Remember that guy went no shoe? No. OK. All right, so I got it. OK, he went fast. That was good luck. You'll need it. OK, open line and Broward, all three in day. Dead County is on a rag big time today, boy, they're probably all out there parting with Xavier Suarez. 567, 05, 60, and Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing just a warning to some of your listeners for a plantation spinosaur on university? On the median strip. Yeah, pointing here to anywhere. Pointing there things at the motorists. University at Werser. University north of Broward Boulevard. OK. This is your cross in the front of the top. They're all four of them on motorcycles and they're waiting to trough, go to the trough. OK, thanks a lot. OK, go to the trough, maybe for lunch. 1217 at 560, WQM, where's that? Oh, yeah. Because we're not this responseer as pathetic to be honest. We're not going to be honest with them in Burst and humiliated for this audience, for this community. I agree. Of course, that's nothing new. Am I always embarrassed and humiliated on them? New Year's resolutions by Howard Beale in the city length of this week of Wets. Great columns in there about the media. And yes, I'm going to read the foreplay. But he has suggestions for each of the local TV stations as far as their newscast or concern. For Channel 4 we says, stop showing the working for you for a mobile featuring Ann Robertson, Cam Brow Marshall. Everyone in town knows you've stuck it to Marshall. By the way, she's leaving. You saw that? She's leaving? If he's such a problem, why are you still using his face and image to create favor with viewers? Get Brian Norcross off the anchored desk now and tell him the new color of his hair dye makes him look like an ad for the before picture and new hair club for men ad campaign. Get him off the year now off the anchored desk. WTVJ channel, six, says try to say the name, willard Shepherd without using Gulf War veteran in front of it. Stop dropping him up as your Gulf War expert on one through of duty does not an expert make besides his analysis is neither informative nor interesting. Lower reports from Nick Bogart, the man has been in this town for what seems like decade and is the only true reporting of the station. I was watching a thing. Was it on was it that rat pack thing they showed the other night? Was it about you in Connor? And it was years and years ago in Miami. I think it was Sam G. and Connor they showed here. Maybe he was trafficante. Nick Bogart was one of the reporters in the background with a microphone this was a very young Nick Bogart. I like to hear this next line for channel six, it says never allow Joe Rose to anchor another sports cast in this life or the next. He reads and performs each show as if it's written for him and has no creative input whatsoever. Then again that could be a good thing. How do you like that? Woo! The little dog taking a real real serious shot, huh? Can I find it? I like the weewee. WSV and channel seven years Howard Beall's advice. Stop creating those soft American insulting titles for every story such as Tennessee take down for the reason in May to escape. Stop wasting the reporting talents of Carmel Caffiron and submit stories like a man writing stories about being good to animals. The ladies approach what she doesn't deserve better. Make better use of Derek Hayward. Although at times he sounds like he should be doing field reports of the national and choir where he presents him hard hitting an extremely interesting story. For channel 10. Tell Dwight Lauder to help the stop acting and go back to reporting the news and Bishop is doing cartwheels in another world right now over the top embarrassment he's become. Stop mugging for the camera and if he's getting younger looking or is it just my imagination? No Howard if your imagination is getting a lot older looking since he shaved off the mustache he looks like a Yamama, a lady, a lady, a daddy. More Frank Fort and fewer former juxtapoint sports on channel 10. He says Fort is the last of a dying breed and just about any town. He's upbeat and formed well spoken as an excellent person. Nothing other than football and his fun to watch. And more Michael Putney, one of the few reporters in town who doesn't do happy talk and does know how to tell a story. His recent package on a changing relations with Cuba couldn't have been done by anybody else in town. For WBZL Channel 39, either do your own newscasters stop using the recycled news provided in your contract with WTVJ while the WSDN is doing original material with the real staff attend to you. This newscasters is a sham material from earlier shows repackaged and poorly presented. The last and certainly least, whanney channel 69. Keep Amy Eckens' anchor but tell her to stop copying the smug and annoying mannerisms of bell keys and array in limmar teeners who will take in can't be reporting to new lows. Keep doing those quirky stories, no one else would touch for fear of being non-traditional, junk the rest of the show and start over. And while you're at it, condemn sports time for what it really is, a three-minute sports cast in the next 19 minutes of material need their fresh, nor interesting, a dismal failure. Oh, nice going there Howard Beale. In city like magazine with like I said, a lot of good stuff in there too bad nobody reads it. Here's a, uh, what is it I'm on the wrong line? Pomp and O'Bee, chill out. Hey Neil, somebody needs to tell Gelding that score and goals with matters with most in the house. Okay, thank you. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, chill out our last call of day and then we go straight to New York, yes sir. Amy, how are you doing? Okay. So, do so. So, say, bonnet and lalosium and lakanafta. Yeah, which means it puts the lotion in the basket. Oh, very good, yes, but I'm very kind of like a, you know, low key reading. It puts the lotion in the basket. Well, I'm going to put the CD in the players, but I'm going to do, because we're all done for today. Nice to be. And with the two hours and 21 minutes and counting out too bad, what do we want? Do we want the backstreet boys, George, they'll say no to that. How about Marvin Gain, Tammy, to rail sounds good to me? Yes, call is there any interest left here today? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on a mobile online. Have you been with me here? All right. I'm going to do it. I'll pop the January, while it's been a year. I'm going to do it like three more years at this. It's a fail. Every day, there's something new. And with every test of minute, I'll read it so much stronger about the edit. I do care. Now that you mentioned, we just got the bulletin. Peter Warrrell was late for practice with the Panthers. He will be benched tomorrow, because Terrain Murray, as we all know, is running a kindergarten over there instead of like a hockey club, a kindergarten. Not that I'm going to miss him, not that he's a really hockey player who belongs on the team. But there he go. All your people at the waiting to see Peter Warrrell score off with Ty. Don't be in the end or Chris King tomorrow night. Sorry, because he was late for practice. He's benched for the game tomorrow night. Sorry, what you know about him. He's an asshole. And whoo, you're not me. You're not me, you're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. You're not me. Well, it's pretty good. And of course, once they got in common, you do realize they're both in. Well, they were great. And then of course, there was Kim Weston Easton Easton, he's the single Marvin's Tuesday. Not a good idea to be single with Marvin Gaye because all of a sudden, oh, you're dead. A lot of people have sang with him. And of course, he wound up, you know, a little problem. We all shame Marvin Gaye and one of the great. That's when you know, 60s, no town, all that stuff. I know that black people in Detroit and elsewhere didn't consider that their music. They were too busy listening to crap, okay. That was America's music. Maybe that was the best. That was the best. I thought I was at wasn't this gangster rap, you know, Can't have everything. But God was that great. I'll get seriously. Come to work this morning. I'm listening to that whole album and I'm just getting goosebumps. goosebumps here and some of that stuff for the first time in a long time. Great stuff. Unbelievable music. Unlike these swirl, unlike the garbage that passes for today, but nevertheless. Prop 20. So you know me, I got bad taste. I don't like vanilla ice cream. What can I tell you? Shannon, I've brought the earth. Yeah. Oh, oh, right. He's the one who's before it's over. Had a major win start. Like something, she had a win. And we're not the two of us. These women lost the race. They've been in. They've been in. They've been in. They've been in. They've been in. They've been in. They've been in. And the kind of kids with a smile. They're very hard with no shame. Just getting my daughter's job. Boys are the rainbow. We can get in that car. I don't want to. Why been at the march? The friend she's a gamer. The man who stands for the twos. When they find out he's been this drizzled. Want to break the way. I'm not the boy who's gay. Jordan and gay. Woo. Jordan and gay. Where? Yeah. I want to give you a kiss. You know the race track. Lefty kids and the new bear. Has the biggest fan club. And he sucks just like our Hoover. The fans don't support God. I'm being hit. And the man he likes and no longer. The great thing out there. Always imagine. The fans look at him. He's wearing them up. Fans won't be single. With the find out he's been this drizzled. Want to break the way. I'm not the boy who's gay. Jordan and gay. Where? Jordan and gay. You're such a big bear. You're such a big bear. Where is the rest? Maybe that's about the minute. You're the team, right? Yeah. You're the one who's been playing for the last few years. I think you're the best. I think you're the best. You know, that's the real story. The Terry Murray continues running a kindergarten. Oh, you're two minutes late. I'm going to slap you on the face. And you won't be able to play tomorrow. Oh, Jesus. He's already benched almost everybody on the team. Here's the team who's quite frankly. He's very lacking in talent. Media Christina Beth. He's 22. He's got a good picture because they do. His brother. Here's my me. Hello. Okay. Did you hear about this morning? Guy who fell into the meat grinder at the ten touch? No. Guy fell into a meat grinder? Yeah. Yeah, it had a whole crime scene over there and everything. I don't know. And nothing, I was just, I was just trying to ask George if you know if you talked about or anything. And he was just so rude. I mean, I think you need to give back to the culture. He probably didn't believe the story. Probably thought you wanted to. I didn't get a chance to tell him the story. He's already put me on the hall. I mean, I think he didn't believe it. I mean, he's today. I mean, he doesn't want to hear the story. He just wants to hear the story. I just want to know if you heard it. Because sometimes you hear the story. You know, if you're a little late in here, you hang up. I mean, I'll be heard. I'll make her to. I'll hear it. Thank you. OK. Thank you. In other words, you didn't believe me. No. We have an open line. Open line and date one and a broad word. Five or six, seven. But thanks very much, pal. Don't take it personal. Just because George is a hard aspect. OK. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pond five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Neil, you are. You are. I'm sorry. I'm nervous. There's no pain nervous. OK. Please. OK. This morning, when you were talking about the George a representative. But, bar, yeah. Yeah. I'm not seeing. Yes. Yeah. We'll not see. Which I thought was wonderful news. So I looked up on the internet to try to find some other information. Yeah. I've got Larry Flint's press conference. But I didn't have anything about lot. Well, not yet. Now, this is this. The person who facts this to me, put a notice is the room with a heavy room or and this guy, everything he's packing me so far the last couple of weeks has been right on target. So he must have like an inside pipeline somewhere. So he says it's heavily room would be trend lot. It was supposedly at Enky Panky with two guys, while in college. And again, that's just a rumor. But wouldn't that be sweet if you pardon that expression? Yeah. I think that would be. And I think those people have been Washington inside the beltway. I think they know all this stuff about everybody. Of course they do. They're all big gossip. So they all know what's coming. What's big in it. Which is why several of them resigned. Right. Why don't you run away like there was a bomb skewer in his backyard. Excuse me. The interesting thing is, they don't just resign their position. They resign their house. Right. That's not your getting it. They're really running far away from any publicity. So it's going to be real interesting the next couple of days. But the only thing that concerns me is the polls were against President being in Peach for so long and that he's doing a good job. But now the polls are still easy doing a good job. But they're saying that most of the people want 80% of the people want to hear witnesses in Habitual a trial. I didn't see that. I saw that on actually. I don't think it was a major poll was on that. Yeah. I have this seven last night on MSNBC. Well, MSNBC will John Gibson probably made that one up. Because the poll I saw on CNN was exactly the opposite. What's the one that over is quickly as possible. No witnesses get it over with him. That's good on what's something important like whatever it might be. Okay. I'm glad to hear that because I have a question. Yeah. Hey, listen. Don't watch MSNBC. It'll get a little mess you're bringing up. Believe me. I'm all right. Have a great day. Thanks. That network. The obsessive network. The round the clock. Investigating everybody in anybody network. Because that's the only way they can get anybody to tune that stupid thing in. A lot of calls about that way. Many things so far right. Oh, which I was, you know, what was the point of my having a television show on a station that none of my listeners watch anyway. I ever blow it there. Those first couple of months talking on and on at length about whammy and this one and people that nobody ever heard of. The people who were here in the building and was there anybody from this audience watching it? No. I mean, there were some other people watching it who don't get a chance to listen to the show. But generally speaking, this audience has no interest in that show or whammy or anything about it. No. And by the way, since we have so many good friends over there, which I still don't have my check from my week by the way, but since we have so many good close friends over there, wouldn't you think that one of them? Am I to call us and give it us the information about whatever they had on the news last night about Charles Kennedy or wherever the end of the time delay and whatever else they might have had on if that guy was right. Wouldn't you have thought that? No. I wouldn't either. Word dead, word dead meat, you know. Everybody puts on a good act for in this town. But like I've told you before, most of other places in the world, you make a good friend you got a friend for life. You're making good friend in South Florida. You got to put friend for maybe five minutes, ten minutes, half an hour. Open line in day two and a row. Five six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty. I'm a mobile one line. What is coffee raps? They work because they make you cough. Yeah. That's why the calm crop drops. I have no idea why I'm even the stuck in it. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes. How are you? Okay. Now up this is this five bar. How more now? Okay. I don't use that. I use only a phone and let's get with it. Excuse me? I don't know you're that well. Let's cut off. Okay. A Bible bar. Okay. Up this family tree somewhere. Could there have been you'd like the, I mean, bar, chef ski is that, you know, fine. Okay. Excellent. Brilliant. Okay. We have a broader line. So I've been two of them. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pond, a nickelide bar chef ski used to play for the maple leaves to the spring, got rustered and the heat plants are good no more. Here's a mobile and Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning. Hello. Yes. Yes. Uh, okay. Well, I guess you're at Bondman Talk. The gymnast is still on here. He's been dead for ten years. Also, he's been sixteen. Yeah. All right. Thinking that was something your right he was doing the fine. that in I started putting the pieces of this puzzle together. He was a cheerleader. He was waving a pom-pom. He was doing a couple of guys and then class. He was looking for glory holes. You start putting this all together when you got a lot. Very good. You'll keep it up. And have a great day. So Kim West and they hit her with five bullets and she's, oh, he's done a lot. Which is bad news for you. If you don't make that deal, you don't get sunny to make whatever it is. Open line of day and two and a power. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, and then mobile one line. Written out. Comptrape, God, it's working like magic. Yeah. Man, that must be the magic bullet in that Comptrape, you think? Huh? I'm gonna watch this my lover. Daniel, play, I was just name and it turned off. It's a favorite part to me. It's a different character from the many touching ones describe the sounds of the tune. There's a swing of myigan. It's like the thing before he Theater. He dance the tune. He Hertz a lumer and I knew his spell. I bypassed down! And it goes away. Hallelujah! Oh, hey. of 29 and play a wide Turkish ground on the coast of Marina. A night and quailair off Turkey ground ihren Flowers and strangers count People Now he's wandering, his boat will plow, head ahead, his prey can suck and calm on his mouth. Her journey now has to frame when he's being heard, and come and make him for sound of the same. Oh, the night and play watch, perfect round, and a phone for the kids, and you night and act, play watch, perfect round. Good water singing, you are a giver of the world, but maybe for the audience, every part you knew. Well, if it was good enough for Murphy's Watt, it was good enough for Jodie Foster, right? And who's the father of that baby, anybody know? Get put to the large and in the basket. We have an open line of date, what had brought five six seven, maybe you know, and she was walking by that jail cell? Uh huh, never thought, I think I just stopped the problem, baby. Leave it to old man, come on. There you go. There's a first put that in the Guinness Booker Records. Maybe some of that just sneaked right on in there, you know? Right up for a little bit. Huh? Maybe she put it in her pocket. Yeah. Mix. Open line of date one and brought five six seven, five fifty, it's pound five sixty on the, It works the lotion in the basket. No, the one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Colonial? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Okay. One thing about the whammy show, I didn't, well, all the good shows. I want it. Oh, a grotesque show was poorly put together for the conceived and that's not a way to Tanya is talking about. Okay. Well, I was thinking they made no effort to do anything for that show. They just expected by putting my name on there that immediately had bring them a four and a five Share right off the bat, well, just by osmosis and it didn't happen. Any more than either other shows that happened. Okay. Well, the fun with me was I worked day tonight sometime out at very, very schedule and I would Take a show at night and my come up and work late. I'd watch it. I'm going to get 10 to hear your show on a day time. And it gave me something to watch. So that was the only part of it that I didn't enjoy. I got 10 to see part of the show. Ali Kondeta had to work. I mean, you got to answer yourself. What kind of an outfit? What kind of a television station? When the November sweeps come, they start showing reruns of every show that they've ever had on there over an over a million times because allegedly they ran out of budget and they had no money to put anything original and new on. And then they go to a bunch of old tired movies that they're showing out. And 75 episodes of the match and they're, they're, they're jumping up and down because the NBA strike is over and they're going to get to show a few heat games and a few Marlon games. See, this goes to show you. They have no idea of what the market is all about of what original programming is all about. They just think that by throwing ball games on there, they're getting audience, which they will, you know, whatever it's going to be. But anybody can do that. That could be any station in the market can do that. True. And judging by their technical expertise on the way they did my show and all the other ones got helped the heat when they put their games on here. Yeah, well, good luck with them. Right. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay, two open lines in day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a call from Fort Myers, no less, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Larry Flint, Mr. Crater Bill of T. Yeah. And along with Danny Williams, who is, he's Bill Clinton's son. Oh, yeah. Danny, well, okay, there you go. Fort Myers over there, the track that I took, the illegitimate kid. There you go. Isn't that amazing? We picked up a few track that I took on the West Coast. Of course, you know, that's by osmosis. You just open it. You can just drive through up I 75 over there, open up your windows. And if you track that I took, just pop right into the car, just by osmosis. Three open lines in day and five feel so sorry for you people over there in a West Coast. You think we got problems down here. We got murder and made him and there's stuff like that. But boy, you are so removed from the real world. I mean, you are light years away from anything even connected to the real world. Why do you think the three people we have listening over there get on the ground and kiss their radio every day that this show is on? This is their only hint of a contact with the reality. Here is the surf side. Hello. Yeah, I know. Did you hear or hear about Brian Murray's interview yesterday with, uh, There I have no interest in Brian Murray or Blue Grinney that's crap. Okay. Tall, collol, a sports show. Everybody they want to talk Brian Murray. Not interested. Sorry. All I can tell you is that Terry Murray is mentioning the big black guy named Peter Tomorrow because he showed up late for practice and continues one team like a kindergarten and it's very sad. Not interested, pal. I'm going there tomorrow night to watch the least kick the crap out of the panties and I'm sure I won't be disappointed. We have an open line in Broward, three lines in day five six seven five six and pound five six on the mobile one line on a very, very week Tuesday. And the yos something even on feeling much better right now. I think tomorrow I'm going to have like a real problem. Like, like getting in here like maybe to call breakdown or I'll line up getting those nosebleeds something like that. In fact, it felt like a nosebleed, but it's not. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, I do a new one. Okay, sir. Good. Let's kind of say that I disagree on some of the things you say, but I do like this. This is my different things about the, uh, what's different about that make. No, it's not. I'm saying about like that Jesus and stuff. Jesus and stuff. Yeah. What was that like that? Does that look like next to toys in the us? No, obviously that Jesus and stuff. Jesus, kids save you. What? That's the Jesus could save you from what? From this place? From this place? Right. You mean from this radio station? From the local. There's a place for you. What does that mean? Um, what does that mean? Instead of talking, lived generalities and cliches. What does that mean to? What are you trying to say? Save me from what? I don't want to be saved. Well, I mean, you could have you want to save from what? Save from what? Save from this place. From what place? I'm, um, I'm, I'm, I'm, okay, thank you. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, he must be one of those numbers. No, no, no, no, no... Triggers a good mumb job. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We have an open line in Brower Eye and all the date counties. Just so it deserted us today like like poison. Like they hate us like poison they probably do. That's okay. That's okay. We almost out. the reason 5670550 and pound-by-60 on the mobile one line. You folks were the reason. Here's Miami Lake, Selo. Yes sir. You'll first time long gone. Yes. Now can you tell me what the last guy was trying to tell me about this place? I don't want to save you from anything. Okay. Okay. I just want to tell you that the old time no is the best. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Why did I know that guy had no material? How did I know that? I just was as soon as I heard the voice. I knew this guy had that whole enumaterial. And I was right. Was that right? Oh. 560, pound-by-60 on the mobile one line. See, this should tell those of you who are listeners and would never call, which is the majority of you. This should tell you a lot about people that would make the effort. Because I'm only joking. Like I do on all these imaginary polls. You know that. No. No. I'm only joking about that. But there are people who actually will take the time to call and the voice in opinion about that. Who have no opinion about the impeachment of the president, about people that better their little kids to that, about any of the other stuff I've talked about here today, no opinion on anything. All the million stuff we had yesterday. Nothing. Man, oh, man, a shepherd. Scott, this is such an exciting place that it just, my U.V. list starts twittering thinking about it. Here's a mobile in Hiley, a hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. You're right. He had nothing before he got on. You know what's going on? He thought he would use his own stuff. Yes, go ahead. This is all about the fact that these senators and congressmen want to be involved in history. That's all it is. It's history. They know that they're not going to teach. They know nothing. Well, I have this for the House of Republicans. You're going to be involved in history. All right. They're going to have a black mark over each one of their posts. And hopefully they'll all get kicked out in the 2000 election. But, you know, they just all want to be part of history. I mean, there's nobody who lied to us for what I've done. They tried it. And the thing is, that's what they don't have any rules or regulations on how to deal with it. And that's why he changes the day to day. So they just want to be involved in it. They don't have politicians love the line-light and love the considered part of history. When they're really just nobody. Yeah. How else could most of these people get on me to press? Tim Russell wouldn't waste his time with most of them. They're right. Okay. We have an open line in Prophorid. 560, 705, 60. Even at stupid Bob Schiefer on CBS, wouldn't waste his time with most of these. Go ahead. He knows better. 560, 560, 560, 560 on our mobile one line. We have an hour to go. Hank Goldberg, a tube book shop. You have an Ently Talk to Brian Murdhyan and I maybe we'll hear about that banana on this show. He'll be on a talking baseball six date. Then maybe talk to other stuff. I made the 10. And then at Kaplan talking, very serious gambling after 10 o'clock tonight. Here's Del Rey B. Chilla. No. Yes sir. I think the genius was like either a life card because he could save you. I got a question for you. If they made out. I'm a John band. Bees work another shot out last night. He's the same. Oh yeah. Sir, second straight shot out fourth of the year, 33rd career. And all you people out there that I'll remember in all these other but plugs. All these jealous but plugs. Always ripping the bees are there you go on you. I'm grateful. Bashes that Buddha would have came to fill it up. You have 13 games out of loss. They're the hottest guy damn team in league. And bees are bees are go ahead sir. I'm sorry. It's got created out of an east. Yes. And an out of an east had two sons. And I was earning kids. They said we're doing their sisters. They don't understand. Look around you at the world. They don't understand. This is the product of incest and in breeding for centuries and centuries. See God screwed up again. He was supposed to create a son and a daughter. Maybe he did create Adam and Steve. That was the problem. And the course wall wondering was King Naval. Two open lines and uh, Howard 560560. The pound five 60. It's a bubble. I see. Don't you understand sir. It's a fairy tale. It's a silly story invented by superstitious people at perpetuated by silly people. Oh God invented the world and he will put Adam and Eve in the fruit on the pair on the ground and an apple on the tree and the serpent at all. Geez. I mean even little kids would laugh you out of their goddamn uh playground if you can't tell stories like that. They call the goddamn uh metal police. We got a lunatic in here telling crazy fairy tales and even though what's his name on fractured fairy tales wouldn't buy in this crap. Oh you're wrong. How can you go on here and say this because somebody's got through somebody somewhere in a goddamn world has got to go on and tell reality the way it is instead of this goddamn media that piecing their pants with organized every every time organized religion blinks they have to change their depends again. Oh gee we sure know what will find anybody. So maybe once every three years they'll put a story I know like I'm 60 minutes about uh McWallus with a child molesting priest or whatever. Well I want to every three years and then the churches don't do that again and they say okay whatever you say okay. Yeah. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I'm uh the Julia Poorgrit at the Listen's to you every day and you just watch you. Listen what do you think uh it's behind that uh cop getting the other cop a ticket. Don't you think there's something else behind that? Cop giving the other cop a ticket what is that? I don't know it was all over channel 7 yesterday. Well I don't watch channel 7. Oh they they follow them and they showed them there. Where was this? Where did this happen? In i-95 in Miami. i-95 and what are you going to get in the ticket for? I don't speeding. Yeah. In a police car. Well good for him. I say more power to I said we ought to make him president. All right just thought that you would don't maybe or something behind him. Well you know because how would we know that I'm this fashion? We don't even have a news wire here. Or maybe we don't can just barely crack a window to see if the world is still out there. Well it was all over the TV. Well we don't we don't we don't into that. Well I just want to know that there are any sports press conferences we could tell you about that. I just want to know that you're the best. I listen to you every day and I used to watch and two better they took you out there. Well you'll survive. Okay I'll call you some other time. And have a great day okay when you got some material. Okay we have two open lines with day one and brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. The meal Roger show now on five sixty WPU-AF Miami Fort Lauderdale. I'm feeling well for a little. I'm about to go. Fort Lauderdale. You can call me Miami. Mount Marquill Brando. One sun saw me, one sun saw me. One sun saw me. One sun saw me. One sun saw me. One sun saw me. One sun saw me. One sun saw me. Swallow days from love look to do. I saw so much blue eleven примpotsstyle. nowCar Child and I am Lauren just is beautiful but here's the old PDFMarquill Brando is calm. Well, you see how my mouth burn. You're gonna let that happen. And one more time, I'm so excited for a story. Oh, what an awful earthy fathom. Yeah. And one more time, I'm so excited for a story. And one more time, I'm so excited for a story. This controlled from the entrance, there to the floor and the floor. Is there anywhere you see that's written? Where are the three files. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I'm so happy to go! I want my stuff with some dough. They'll all run around the pool, though, too. We'll all run around the pool, though, I know that we're all. I'm so proud of you, but I'm... Oh, you're a fan of her. Are you happy? I want my stuff with some dough. There's no food bar in the pool, though. So I don't know if I can hear it. Oh, my God! I'm so proud of you, but I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you, but I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you, but I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you, but I'm so proud of you. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! One, all three at five, 60 WQM, it's time for our gigantic one, too. I really feel sorry for Bob Snyder. He's a nice guy. He's the president of the Miami-Materador. I really do. He sent me a big package this morning, couple of night of their t-shirts, and some tickets, and... And, you know, and the nice letter in here, you'd like to give these away, and the circus break is over, and now their team is playing well. They'd like to make the thing work out in Miami over the next three months. And, you know, I wish him all the luck in the world, but like I told him way back when before they started, oh, boy, good luck Bob. You'll need it. The draw on a thousand people again, just barely. Thousand and five for the last home game, the Matador is minor league hockey. Good hockey. But is this a hockey town? No. So I'll tell you what, I'll give away the use, because, you know, he's a good guy and he's trying. I've got four, these are done at the glass, by the way, right in the front row, section 109. Oh, I see, these aren't in the same section, so I can't do that. Okay, well, give, how are we going to do this? I thought these were all together. Oh, my God, look at that. There's David from Miami. He's going to tell us, oh, we wanted to know, not, but it anyway. Now, are you still working there? Oh, he is working there. And he still came to see us. Do you bring my check-binding chance? Haven't got that for the last week. I don't work with that part of the... Yeah, yeah, okay. So what could I say? So at any rate, I got the two pair right by the glass and also one parking pass. I don't want to do this on the year, okay. This is one time I'll make an exception. Just this one time, Ask me about my business. I don't want to do it on the year, because I mean, with all the respect to Bob and the Matador is, there's anybody really here. No, no. And I mean, you know, so if you get, it calls your origin if you get through and these are right on the glass, give two, you know what I'm saying? They're two pair, give away separately, two people, and whoever you want to give the preferred parking pass to the VIP pass, you might guess. So you can do that off the year, okay, not on the year. George, we'll talk you off the year and take care of that. Please. Here's coconut grove, hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I just want to pipe in on all this Clinton crap. You might guess, pipe away. First of all, tell everybody that MSNBC is basically a bunch of Russian limbo refugees, right? And their poles are always skew opposite reality. So it's rather humorous to watch that. So if anybody was adjuster on MSNBC and nothing else, It had a very skewered view of this. Completely backwards, mathematically backwards from the regular population. I think that John Gibson is almost as rabbit as Bob Bar. Maybe we'll have to start looking in his life. I think the letter stands for more smearing news about Bill Clinton. That's what I call it. A lot of people are really these reporters are the worst ones. I mean the big famous one, Barbara Walters and Famp Donald, She's a reporter. She can't even speak. She can't even speak, and she's on ABC and now they got them on 50 times a week, times a week, pouring you down, so it looks like he's been dead for 20 years. 30 years. But the time has looked animated compared to you down. They're trying to pump up all the legitimacy of this crap because they somehow think that it'll stick to them and their careers. Something that's really more about their career than anything else. And that's why this story is really linked around. It's good. All of them want to fancy themselves to be a woodward and burn steam or something. They think they're going to have a movie made about them like Michael Issa, Copper, whatever. The whole thing has been driven by real petty ambitions. Yeah, really. I've been saying that all along, this thing could never gotten off first base. It's a media wouldn't run into a frenzy with it. But a bunch of people didn't want their hair styles and their bonuses and stuff to put them out and make them say that. Yeah. So they think their clever barber's always quoting our bill, Clinton wanted to teach Nixon. He's always like, oh, I mean, King, that I, by the way, I wouldn't want to promote Larry King. But tonight, Larry Flint would Larry King not a clock tonight. He's the coolest. That's my arrow. There you go. Very slick. And the bottom line though, it's nobody ever seems to mention the fact I haven't heard too many you have mentioned that. And when Ken saw with Solicitor General or Assistant Solicitor General of Summer Public and wrote a big legal document on what it danger, the independent council law was. Right. How would be a misuse of power and too much power in one man's hand? And I never hear anybody say that. Now, people are worried that James Carveld book and the horsey wrote in on a part of it. They want to get the goods on Ken's star on what a right wing piece of turd he is. And I'll Richard Melon's cave in Jesse Holmes and the lobby for the law of indifference. Well, there's another one that says stuck in there. And the other book by the guy that wrote outrage, no island of sanity. I want to push that. I've used the guy that wrote about the logic, simply to try out what a rip off it was. What is it that you're using? Right. He wrote, are you familiar with no island of sanity? No. Oh, wow. And he wrote, this is his latest one. Yeah. It's a dissection of the Supreme Court decision to allow the Paul Jones law through to go forward against the sitting president. And he rips the court. He rips them. I mean, you got to read this thing. Next one. Maybe we can try this if he released William Rink was to and OG. Well, okay. And I'm going to finish clothing with Rink with Rink with wrote a big legal brief in the 50s. He was a segregationist. Yeah. Wrote over and over again that segregation was constitutes. And like I said, Robert Bird was a member of the cool cost plan. But hey, listen, you know, they got CA. Have a great day. All right. Okay. We have an open line of day one in Broward 560, 560, 560, and 182 wireless lines. Don't be sneaking into the past all these guys because they stole a freight train. I'd debate the news to you every time I used that expression. They're wondering why would you ever say that? Well, these guys, they did steal a freight train. We're having all the communist gone. Just a short decade ago, they were everywhere. And now there is rare as a playboy in Richard Simmons bedroom. Unless you pick up tickets for this weekend's Disney presents, Connie Zonai, former dictator loving red tape spreading bastards are now on the ice and swirling their pink a little hard sound for you and your family. Watch the Stalin's 6 juggled their sickles and hammers as they twist and turn and elegant formations resembling fatulactics they never got to use. Gaze in amazement as Vladimir Jackoff performs the nearly impossible Bolshevik 1440 degree revolution. If Disney presents, Connie Zonai, employment for take us, and entertainment for you this weekend only. Okay, we have a verification David from where we just told me that that's a true story and you were getting pissed off of that guy from the beach. It's a true story. Guy fell into the meat grinder at Penn Dutch meats and now he's dead meat. He's like the whole, he fell in. I mean, like the whole body, not just the finger, and that's just the toe, the whole body fell in there. Like the liver and the kidneys and the pupa and the heart. Jesus, God Almighty, maybe that's going to be the new slogan over there at Penn Dutch meats. Where the hell is it already? Anybody have a heart or a liver? Thank you, Jennifer. So this poor guy fell in the meat grinder, so I'd be watching my meat real closely from now on if I were you. Even though especially Bob Bar, watch your meat real close, Mr. We have two open lines in Broward, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the lady in Jupiter, hello. Hello. See you David, lady in Jupiter, yes. Yes, I am. Hello, how are you? Okay. Thank you for brightening my day. You always make me laugh. Sure. I was watching, I was working on something I cable and I saw something that life interests you. Okay. It is, you know how they put out to CDs, like for the 70s and the 80s. Right. What this is called, Bob Hitt. I've seen that. Have you seen that? I didn't know if you've gotten a phone number or not, but I thought about you and thought you'd get a kick out of it. I thought that was a very bizarre, strange. It's a song from all the Matthew movies. Yeah. I thought it was real strange too, but I thought, you know, what the hell the fight is weird anyway. Yeah. That's still bizarre. I think there are a lot of people out there like my movies, so why don't I? Maybe the mob or not. Maybe the mob or not, and the mob is the one that's financing it. So, be. Okay, you know, that's all I had to say. Have a good day. Back to you. Take care. But I think he's dead. He's not sitting in a new song. He's, you know, I'm talking about, no. Okay. I don't want mention Frankie. By the way, yes, the ticket's are gone. I just hope people would stop calling for it. And stop calling George for the free tickets. It's an open up our lines again. Okay. So we can get some real colors on here. But I'm glad I did that. All right. Like tell Bob Snyder, but that's not, I don't want to get, I shouldn't say that. Because I know he's desperate. He knows that I'm Mr. hockey, but I just, you know, what can I do? This is not a hockey town. If you were to just talk to me first Bob. If you would ask me, do you think that this is going to fly in Miami? I would have said no way. I mean, even he got, you know, everybody that goes there tells me it's an exciting team. And it's, you know, good minor league hockey and they play real hard and real tough and physical and, you know, exciting games and nobody shows up. They were starting out with like 2,500 people a game, the 2,200 and 1,500 and then like a little more 1,000 life to games. A dwindling number. No. Right. So good luck to you, Bob. Because you're a good guy and you got anything it has to do with hockey. I'm always all for, but unfortunately you're in Miami. And like I told you the other day, and that's the trueest thing I could ever tell you, you go in the macaroon. I'll be there tomorrow night for the Leafs Panthers game. There are 18, 19,000 bodies in the seats. Some of us are hockey fans, but generally speaking, there are 18,000, 19,000 bodies in the seats. And let me just again mention one more time because maybe some people have got can be all timers. You'll see again. That tomorrow night I'll have a special interest in watching every part of that game tomorrow night. I don't want any assholes standing in front of me and holding their kids up in the air. I don't want no shenanigans. I don't want any side showing front of me tomorrow night. I want to watch the game. Got it? No. So that's what I figured. Here's a mobile info on the day. Hello. How are you doing now? Great. Hey, I am just glad to know that I am not living in the most screwed up town in the nation. Washington, B.C. takes the cake by a million. Yeah. I'm telling this right now. I'm not talking about the things that the Zarbaut that I've never been able to figure it on. Washington is always way up there in murders and crime and it's just a filthy disgusting place with her without Mary and Barry who's finally getting out of there. But the president and the Congress are all right up there, you know, in the middle of the city. When you think even though I realize that they're federal officials, but even so, when you think that they would be doing something about cleaning the place up that they live and working. Yeah, I know. But the thing is, I feel like we are just a bunch of sheep. All we're doing is just listen to the media. You're just like, haunt of a thing to us. They're spending about, well, just in the house alone, they make about $130,000 a year. I mean, just doing what they just did in sending yorkals and patients. And then now the homicent senators make the Senate make like almost $2,000. I mean, how? Most of the guys in the Senate are wealthy anyway, most of my engineers. Yeah, but still there's spending our money, our hard earned money. Yes, so what have we ever had to say about that? Well, what have we ever had to say about that? That's why I recently, literally, this idea that I got to pay almost 40% of my hard earned income every year, beating my brains out in this place every day. 40% of it to them. I wouldn't mind paying 40% if I knew for was going for something worthwhile. But it's going for crap. It is going for crap. Right. You know what I'm going to say about it. I don't like taxation without representation is what it sounds like. To me, like I bunch of crap. Right. My solution is I got the MP party in the T-ROOM. My solution for Clinton. Maybe Bob Ball be there in the T-ROOM. I'm getting a bunch of women. Hey, let them finish out this turn. Forget about it. And if you want to know, not the law fine. All right, so they committed perjury. Big deal. Let them be killed after them after he's done. Take it easy, Neil. Okay, I have a great time. Monica said he's done. And he's done scored score. He's done. Okay, we have two open lines and three hours five six seven five six five six The and pump five six the and all these people always feel so sorry for Poor Monica you listen to these people in the media and you ask yourself am I Losing my mind or something. What do they feel sorry for her for she was a gold digger. She was a slut for a presidential knee pad that she took to the White House. She you know, was holding her rough stuff up. But she she admitted her testimony that she came onto him. She she flirts and she did everything that tried to seduce him. He's worked. But we feel so sorry for her that, you know, he showed her is. Man, oh man. Goody to choose media like I told you before seven months ago, I want to thank them on his typical. Telling you and posturing for you and telling you what they believe is the right thing to say on in the media. Like Sam Donaldson and cookie Roberts and all these other assholes sitting there Quantiticating with it. Look on their face and George Will. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. I don't know if you can put in a lot of things. Here's Kendall. Hello. Can we do it? Can we do it? Can we have an open line in day and while when he starts playing all-star for our STEM up in Regeladium? Can't say it's just skating around in big circles. A little bit of teamwork got there. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. It's a little bit of teamwork. You can only grab the NHL to get smart and not holding another all-star game. And another Olympic thing. The Pink<|hu|> What a way. Just bring the season to our stop for the Olympics. Klock it all morning. Roll watching in Japan. Nobody was watching. 1099 32. 100 20DA. 10누7. 3160, Pond 560, uncontated. 20. I wanted to comment on your forced polarization issue. Yes. There's already a corporation that's called a negative population growth. Have you ever heard of that? NPG. Yes. Are you aware of that? No. Yeah. It's basically going with along lines with China did with voluntary sterilization. Well, I sure hope we don't have to have a billion people before we start doing that like the Chinese did. Well, it was an act in the world. Well, a little, they were started a little bit late. Yeah, yeah, much to late. But what they're talking about is a two child minimum across America. And by a maximum. Oh, maximum sorry. Let's say minimum. She's all right. Christ. A project. Yeah. Basically a two child minimum. And maximum maximum and forced not forced, but voluntary sterilization. Yeah. All of the screen Americans. Yeah, but the people who are just who ought to see the people who are got a brain, they're only going to have one or two kids. People are responsible. People that are like animals that don't have a brain and don't know nothing about plant paranoid and just like screwing a lot, those people are going to be reproduced. They're like rabbits like they already are. I know if you're doing it. I know if you, I have one child and that's the only one. But you know, I like the people that he asked to put. They got seven of them left. Are these, is there any family? Unless they're millionaires and billionaires that can give seven children the kind of attention and affection and upbringing they deserve? No, no, no, no. Well, this thing can have two shameless or question you'll please. I'm working on it. OK, I want to hear Donald Duck getting your consent. And I want to call Robert that I. He was talking about forced realization. We have an open line of day one and a. Broward 560 560, pound by 60 on the AT&T wireless line. People are reproduced and see this is again goes with the right wing. There's always screaming in the out. Oh, we don't want that. We don't want plant paranoid. What if it's a comedy plot? You know, we don't want abortions. We don't want these clinics. No, let's just keep everybody dumb and pregnant. We don't want sex education in the schools because then they might learn something about contraception. We should don't want those condom ads on TV. See, if you would just get on a goddamn plane or on a boat or on a raft or somewhere and go to Europe, any of the civilized places which is most of it to Western Europe and see, just watch their television. If you don't do anything else, just watch their television and see the condom ads on there and see the bear-bressed women on there and the other on the over the year television. They're not uptight about this stuff. There are a thousand, they're light years ahead of us. And we got the whole guy then, cut you in the front because the president got a few blow jobs. Didn't want to say, oh yeah, it was pretty good. Like that's some kind of a surprise. Oh, well, they can aspire to get together. They're hiding. Well, what a shot that is, huh? I know if I was president getting all kinds of action on the side up there. I'd sure want to put it on the front page in New York Times. Wouldn't you? Yeah. I mean, it's like a bunch of five-year-olds children are talking to with these people in the media, a bunch of little infants who have never grown up. And they know, that's the worst part of it is they know it's all a bunch of bullcraft. They don't believe any of these things that they're saying. They're doing it because it's PC. Maybe it's politically correct. It's the thing you're supposed to say. It's like you believe in God. Oh, hell yeah, sure I do, right. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Great. Listen, I want to tell you something. I'm here working Miami. I'm floating my ass off. Yeah. He's basketball players. He's a triple-aball man. He get $3 million. I want to say that that is the most unfair thing in the world. Yeah. And I want to call it earning Rodriguez for two cents. Okay. Oh, what thing is he on? We have a two-op-an-line today. Yeah, Michael Jordan's quitting the market. Why can't you care about that? No. But boy, are they going to make a big-to-do-bath? Lead story on CNN. We got this Larry Flint Bob Bars story, which is a blockbuster today, with more to follow in the middle of the impeachment trial of the President of the United States, front page of the Harold two days ago. NBA strike is settled because Mickey Eris and then also are in bed together. And then today we get the lead story on CNN News this morning when I crawl on with a sec. Lead story. Not the second story. Not after the Bob Bars' release story. Lead story. Michael Jordan retired. And we have to have analysis. And we have to have the X coach on there. We have to have this one. And that one. And everybody that ever played with him and played basketball with him and that's all I'm naked. I mean, Jesus, God. This country has lost it, baby. It's not a question of having bad priorities. There are no priorities. It's totally upside down. Worshiping dummies. Oh, so he was the greatest basketball player ever left. Yeah. And. And. And. Here's a mobile. It's in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Two quick ones. A couple years back, my family and I, we decided to give a little of our good gracious to the people that were a little less fortunate than ourselves. Yeah. Put together a Christmas package. Went through the place to Barbant to home nine yards. A lot of about $3,400 worth of gifts. 50, 50 packages delivered them to the bad area of town. Had to have a police escort to get there. Got there. The woman had four children. Her boyfriend, living boyfriend, was there smoking dope on the couch. But more presence than we even brought in front of the jury. And this was a less fortunate family. More presence than we had in our own family. Yeah. So they told our neighbors. Where do they steal them? I mean, where do they get them? Exactly. That's pretty much it. And then one more reference. That's been selling at the. That's really. That's good. Yeah. The second reference was yesterday. Nobody hit on it. The book of Joe is the most hypocritical chapter in the Bible. And I mean, it's all about God playing games with the devil. They're gambling on whether or not Joe was going to. Oh, Ed Kaplan, I think so. Be doing a show on that tonight. If there's gambling involved, man, he'll be on it. Exactly. So I mean, that was that's one of the most hypocritical. Anytime I talked to a sonper that wants to debate the Bible. Yeah. I'll throw Joe at him and how God allowed the devil to tempt him time and time. Well, you see the told those people with the four kids, whether or not you should throw the guy with smoking a crack to get a job. Have a great day, pal. Thank you so much. Oh, they had a little crack problem down there. That's unusual. It's 26 past one. We have two open lines. And day five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18. Maybe it's a cultural thing. We just don't know about it yet. Is that in like the dirty bird? It's a cultural thing. That's your local. The cops, cop, dare three, five, five, five, five. Oh, wow. How many gold did you put, shrimp, loaves, five, eight, one, three, six, seven, six, six, eight, five, six, six. Oh, and if I have to put the cap, I'm just a hundred and a week. Back to you, you're a pizza. If you're a jet-to-crack city, I don't need a third world. And pass around the club on to be part of my game. Yeah, I think going to back to the next club in that class. Yeah, I think going to back to the next club. When I get it, I'm a low-pied jump. I never move to next city without packing my guns. Yeah, two, dark, faux pair, three, five. Know that every now and then, I sell some crack to provide two. Rapsing. You're not pizza. Some was buckled into inspection working for free. Pusting. You're not a big group in private. Purple house with no windows. And did not get on the wisha. She bought a verid hole. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Please throw it to crack cities. And I'm going to sell my crack. I've been going to crack cities. You can count on that. I've been going to crack cities. And pass my route. I've been going to crack cities. For that, I've been better, dear. To rock for every pie. Don't you ask? Oh. This is basically a jitter. I've had a lot of stuff. Can we get there, please? No. Everyone say no. No. No. Oh. Say what? I mean, it's the cultural thing. We just don't get a 1.32 or 5.50 WQM. We have 2 open lines in date. 5.670, 5.60 and 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. No. Yes, sir. It's an old level if you want to know why you upset with my phone call. Oh, geez. There he is again. Is this incredible? He wants to level with me. Okay. Can the guy with the eyes? Okay. I've been very civilized to you. You come to the appearances. This is why. Because you don't take no for an answer. That's why guys like you. I'm not interested in talking to you. Okay. Once a month. That's it. You kill me. Okay. You kill us. The fact that we even let you on the show. You can kiss the radio for that. What kind of a person calls a talk show to ask the question, why is it? I didn't want to talk to him. Okay. Like a guy that keeps practicing us over and over at which it's been a couple of days now. Thank God. Maybe you finally got the message. You think Eddie from Hollywood got the message? No. No chance. Over and over and over again. That's shocking. That just when I thought this guy was making a little bit of progress. Okay. The guy with the eyes. He can just a little teeny tiny bit of progress and he's suffering a relapse. Open line and Broward to and date and see this is what happens when we got the, you know, F.D. board here when they're all sitting back on their goddamn S. is these people just that will over and over and over and over. That's what you're up against doing a show in this town with a guy named telephone. That's what you're up against. I mean, I could start bringing in once we get upstairs. We got a real studio up there with a little bit of room in a microphone. I could start bringing in a bunch of boring guests every day or we can carry a bunch of stupid press conferences. I choose not to do that. Because that's basically just killing time. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, I do. That's true. There was a great article and I've been unfortunately I work so much. I don't have much time to call you. There's a great article in Harold. I've lived with last Friday about the Y1K problem about how all the, you know, there's dark middle aged people who are who are having problems because in the book of revelations they said this statement was going to be released in the year 1000 and all this stuff. Yeah, all those people were freaking out and then when it didn't happen, they were like, well, well, well, the next thing that's like everybody's always all these religious. Oh, Arm again, it's going to be at the end of this year. Well, okay, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm a year off. Maybe it's you in the next year. Oh my God. You've got to keep these people terrified because that's you only made to keep them on the stream. He can send in their money in. And the best excuse is that, well, God's years are different than our years. Yeah, he's been trying to write. I love that. That's my old, but God is really Jewish. He's on the Jewish calendar. So we're like a way past the year 2000, almost the six thousand. Right, yeah, we're way up there. Also wanted to call you about that, that animal, that killed that little kid. Yeah, and I don't know how anybody can defend this guy either. You know, I mean, that's coming back. Lord, I'll come forward and maybe don't have to appoint a, you know, I got to appoint a attorney. I've got to be the most bizarre situation for anybody to be at. It's to sit there and have to defend this guy and try and make a case out of the completely, you know, I'd like to have public defend or have to mind about defending scum like this all the time. Oh, the editor, why I couldn't do it. I actually couldn't do it. I'll for nearly you. You cracked me up about the, about the Jeff Gordon being gay thing. I didn't say Jeff Gordon. Well, well, a long time ago you did. And a friend of mine, he's like a total Bible something NASCAR fan, which is kind of weird how they seem to go ahead and you have your custom and he's got all his sense. About it. And then you came back a couple weeks later with kind of like a semi retractor. And he's like, oh, Jeff Gordon is people must have talked to him about it. Oh, yeah, good little people are his people are on the phone with us all the time trying to make dates. I love that that's the bad. Anyway, I appreciate what you do. Man, that's why he's flashing it. That's right. Okay, I had a great day. Okay, one call up in the board. Just put my music away because I had a false sense of confidence. You're out for sure. You saw you saw it there. I put my stuff away. What a jackass I am. What? I didn't put it away Oh, we got Marvin in the Tammy. I hope there are at least Marvin anyway. I needed peculiar Am I right was that any new peculiar? We have 400 open lines in date. What's not? What is it? I'll be long gone. Well, I'll be long gone I'll be dog gone. Not long gone. Sorry dog gone get with it. I'll tell it The hell is wrong with you for crying out loud. Jammit 560 560 560 on the AT and T wireless lines our pull question today will make it till two o'clock Be likely answer is no. I mean when we got to get a call from the guy from the eyes calling in to see how come I didn't accept this call yesterday And I'll come out cut them so short and don't want to talk to them. I mean then you know things are really really bad on this show Talk about playing with a guy named the deck 23 till two at 550 WQAM your desperate station for the 90s something Come on You're a little late on the moment, yeah. You know, you see, you're looking at my ass. I'm not gonna speak something very, I see. I'm gonna go to the third thing you're in. But you can't stop, no fear. You're here, can you hear my dear? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Excuse me. You. What? What? This. Sonya! Stress. Excuse me! сх. Which.這是 Doctor. Oh please, brothers. Here's Doctor.誰 game! What? Sorry, he sneezes. Sorry. They're back? Sorry. What's 45.50? You can't go forget Larry Flint. Next to president, who would be on Larry King tonight? Here's the facts from Andy. He's an asshole. All I gotta do is mention the name and the answer to your question by the way. No. Don't want to see you. Don't want to hear from me. Don't want your facts. Don't want to know your name. All I gotta do is mention any of these districts in there. I mean you have to not sooner. Like they play stupid. Like they don't understand that I can't stand and I hate them like poison. You just mentioned them. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing? Okay. Listen. I just wanted to discuss the clicking issue with your briefly. And you know I don't care about the Republicans and the Democrats and all the garbage. What do you care about? What do you care about? You know just a viewpoint from just the citizen of the United States and looking at our president and I look at myself as a stockholder in a large company and we vote as a guy in to office. Yeah. You vote in one? I'm unhappy. You vote for him? Yeah. Yeah. I voted for him the first time but didn't vote for him. I think he's okay. Okay. So you know just not just not just one point. The point is that the way he's conducted himself through this whole manner from the very beginning okay. He blow jobs and all this stuff. Yeah. But the way you know he's doing that. He's doing that. He's like going to Ireland and going to the Middle East to try to work on peace agreements there and all the other things that he's been doing like conducting these fears of the presidency and buying your ass. I almost think that he's going to be conducting an interview. And I'm going to agreement with that. What are you talking about? How are you talking about? How are you talking about sir? What are you talking about then? I'm going to agreement with sir. Sir, let me say it again before you hear the dial tone. What are you talking about then? What I'm talking about is this whole sexual issue. What about? A cow a man can't control himself in the workplace. Sir, let me ask you this. Have you ever screwed around? Are you married? Yeah. I've been here for 15 years. Yeah. Have you ever screwed around? Never. I have to say. And you're wife and you're just going to be around. I've been tempted on several occasions. You know anybody else? Any of your friends has screw around on their wife? Yes, I do. Yeah, I'll welcome their your friends. I'm not this is not a personal note. I hate the president or I disagree. Sir, you're not answering my question. How if you can dim this so, so, in fact, how can you be friends with people who screw around and cheat on their wife? Don't condemn them. Then what are you saying? What are you saying? Do you have any idea? What are you saying? The president said he's sexually asked it out. I condemned the fact where he did it. What disregard to where he did it? Yeah, and how much of the Kennedy said, how old the orgies at the pool and Jackie was out of town? To that Bobby? Yeah, did. How did he know that? And I hope it boxed a lot of Americans. And it's not... Obviously, it's did not. Obviously, the majority of American public are not interested in where the president gets his rocks off or is it in either business and it's not a euro's either. But have a nice day. I mean, there you go. Convalued. And of course, you didn't know how did we guess. Open line in Broward 560560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Boy, he had a couple of hours holding a real there. There you go. I don't fall into that pattern. At any rate. I mean, I certainly gave that guy a well more ample chance to say something. And he didn't. He almost created a adverse response to your poll question. You might not make it till two with guys like that. But the Larry Larry show tonight. I'm not going to be able to see a lot of them. I certainly try to tape it. And I'm just trying to understand if Larry King is really going to provide lots of suction on his guy because he's known to really put the suction on the right wingers. And if he's really going to show his two-facedness tonight and put the suction on Larry. Meaning why? The other Larry. Meaning why? Meaning, well, he's sucked up to what Larry Flint is doing. And he's going to tell him. He sucks up to everybody. He's had Jerry fall ball on there. He's had Robert Schuer. He went and preached and Robert Schuer's glass temple out there. He sucks to everybody. That's what he does for a living. He's a professional sucker. He can contradict himself almost with every other interview. Yeah. You know, and this one I think seems to hold a lot of weight to where it goes for both of the Larry's. Meaning what does that mean? What does that mean? Holds a lot of weights for both of the Larry's. How about a show? Let's get Larry King out and Larry Flint. Okay, great. Oh, how's sad? And he said we couldn't make three in a row. You were wrong, sir. You were so wrong. Excellent job. Keeping the streak alive. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Oh. This and I wanted to do with me, sir. What is it? Okay. You know the problem with black people? The problem with black people? Yeah. And what is that, sir? Good. God. Yeah. Too much to involve an obsessed with God. Yeah. Maybe you need to do it straight by that. I thought that's hard to talk about that yesterday. God has a substitute for being like equals in this country and this racist pick up a country of ours. That's right. I mean, black men myself. Yes. All my people do straight to their prey. Right. Not not working to visit. No. We didn't change. You know, it sounds study study study. Open up a different book. Close the Bible and read a real book and then maybe we'll get somewhere. That's what you should be. That's the message. Excellent call. Thank you, sir. Here's Medley. Hello. Hey, New York. Okay, sir. Here are a couple of things. More I couldn't sleep last night. I've put on a tube and they had a thing on Italy. That's the energy to go to Italy all the time. It was telling that there was an immigration problem. Yeah. Did you know? Was it like a funny immigration? I mean, you're chuckling about it. No. It was a shark load. Gasman? Getting sick. Are you getting sick? Oh, yeah. You too. We're all sick. You know, and they also had a thing on the post coming back to the United States soon. He is. Yeah. I was going to St. Louis. Oh, yeah. And they had a big thing with all the volunteers wanting to go to volunteer. Did I have a few languages and they were going to teach him some more about anti-Semitism. But I guess he already goes enough. Yeah, right? Yeah. And in the play, for today, it was a thing on more than Mario on a population. I want to fact that over to you. You got the fact that the fact that there's 105. Yeah. 650. Oh, 198. Oh, 198. Right. Thank you, sir. Thank you. I have a great deal better. Yeah, everybody's got the crowd. And I've got this thing with the hot skin. I got hot skin. Anybody want to touch my hot skin? No. I didn't think so. Don't have the fever. Don't have the flu. Don't all maybe I do. I have the flu with no other symptoms. I'm not going to be annoying. It's real annoying. Hot skin. Hot to the touch. That's all I got. And red. And you can see it. Even George is. Yeah, see this. Here's Delray. Hello. Hey, hey, you doing the same. Okay, sir. The monkey. So yeah. Okay. You going to the game and one night? Is that really a question? Yes, I'm going to the game tomorrow. I was here. You guys to ride the big white one down there. Are you going to take your bet? Will you writing a book? No. I asked me if you want to take the card down there. Take what card down there? Take a white one. Who's the big white one? No, I don't. Can you the limo guy? Yeah. Can you get my nerves? Now, can you? I thought you were a good guy. I live three blocks away from the arena. Why would I take a limousine to go to a press? Everybody? I guess so. Yeah. No, I don't do that. You know why I live in nowhere. The arena is. Can you your start? This is not candy. It is. To get the Jeff Rimmer's limo driver? Yeah. Absolutely. And nothing you asked me to tell me that it is. The deaf noise. Okay. If I go to the arena, I'll have a Lenny's limo driver taking you. Okay. There you go. I thought this guy was a good guy. I must have remember I stood out for free. Okay. No wonder he gave me $10 tip. Well, I wanted to take the big white one down there to the arena. I could walk from my house to the arena. I wanted to get some good exercise. Hey. Oh, look at me. Look at everybody. I came in a limousine. Are you impressed? Everybody impressed? I came to the game in a limousine with Jeff Rimmer's limo driver. That works real cheap. Jesus Christ. He's an asshole. Man. There must be something in the water. That must be why I'm feeling flush. God. Once it wants to know my life's there, I'd like to go to the game. Of course, I'm going to the game. And like I said, are you writing a book? Which car are you taking? You're taking the red one, the pewter one, the white one. I don't have a guy damn. Pewter. Oh, Jesus. Joseph and Mary. I'm going to turn to religion. I really am going to start praying. I'm going to go home and get them on me. I'm using pretty good. I'm going to pray to God. For hours. One 51 is 560 WFUM your religion station for the 90s.