Help! I'm sorry, Farron. Oh, who jays off the way? We're good and ready to fall asleep. I'll go right into the wind. All right. Now we can't say anything. Think about who's in July, I think. Where he thinks of London. Oh, go back! Go back! Go back! You're back to hell, then. You move me alone. Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! You hell, let you see the world. Go back, don't you? We need to go to the next door, huh? This is not for you, you. Yeah, you're off the air, you're firing at us! Who would you say to be who? Why are you laughing? I'm here, you're away. I just never do what I'd ask. But when I got away with it, who would you be? Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! You're going to ring at us! I'm not going to get you to thought it. But now it could be. That's a little hoot. Yes, it's 10 out of 3 at 5. It's 50. It's 50. You're cute, I have. Oh, yeah. So anyway, what are you getting all paranoid about? It sounded like, oh, yeah, it was. So anyway, I do have HBO. How do you like that? It was a crappy show last night by do have HBO. And thank God, thank you Dallas for scoring that last goal in time for me to turn over in the CJ and generally that whole hour on HBO. I feel like such a moron, you know, not only just because I'm here today. But because I call up my satellite entertainment, my programming provider yesterday. And say, I'd like to subscribe to HBO and I give her my phone. And I've heard she looks at, you already have HBO. You just paid for another year of all your stuff, which includes HBO and cinema. You moron, you jackass, you idiot. And I said, thank you. Well, you know, when you don't watch that stuff for a long time, and you pay, like, with a package, you don't know what you got until you lose it. So there was last night on HBO. I'm sure we had a few people in this audience watching that thing with juror number five. I'll be forward to get two of that. And thank you Tom, Jack, you're putting that article in yesterday, even it was a very emotional article. Otherwise, I never wouldn't know nothing was on last night. It was a week. It was really week, very poorly produced. Wouldn't you think HBO with all our resources could do a little bit better than that? Uh-huh. Yeah, I would think so. I mean, out of the whole hour, and it ends like 10 minutes before we're 11. So it's like a 50 minute piece. And of the 50 minutes, I would say about 20 minutes of it, where this juror number five, and it was sitting there like, you know, with their hand on her head and their head on her hand, and like thinking, and what am I going to say next? You know, there was really nothing very graphic. She did say the F or in there a couple of times, and the SH, you know, big deal. And that's it. But anyway, speaking of Tom Jick, he writes this morning, WINZ decides, OJ Simpson doesn't fit plans for Newshow. How do you like that? Oh my God. The OJ Simpson trial balloon quoted by WINZ radio has crashed and burned, like Kato Kail and Shobha's in this career says Tom. Last week, WINZ offered Simpson, who's rumored to be considering a relocation this afternoon. A $1000 data host is on program on stupid talk. Reaction was swift and hostile, including within WINZ's own building, even though Simpson never responded, as a result of WINZ has withdrawn the proposal. Oh! Although we heard from many who supported the idea, the overwhelming reaction from listeners, concerns citizens, and even some of our co-workers, has been decidedly negative, Pete Bulger, that backstabbing asshole, stupid talk operations manager, said in the statement released by the station. We want to be good neighbor, as he said. So therefore, we're withdrawing the offer effective immediately. They want to be good neighbors. They're good neighbors to us, because they offer us absolutely positively. Oh! Competition. That's the best kind of neighbor to have on a radio dial, or somebody that offers you competition. None. Zero. Zippity Duga. It refuses to put anything on the air, at least after 10 in the morning, that anybody might listen to. Nice going, Pete, and another big bomb. Even a Jeff's never saw a bomb like this one. Okay. The trial balloon, like Tom's just says, it crashed in Bird like Kato's Shobha's career. Went over like a pregnant pullover on a hot day and a fourth of July. And what did I tell you? And of course, they stole the idea from me talking about the fact that, I wanted us to hire that piece of murdering crap here on the station. And so naturally, they picked up on it. And the one that babbling at the end of the afternoon, the babbling broke. Oh, yeah, he's going to do the show from the long of this neighbor, if he buys the house there in the game, oh, yeah. You're desperate over there. You're desperate. You're struggling. You're so freaking desperate that it's unbelievable. It's unconscionable. And so they stuck their finger up to win out of the window and it got chopped off. That's right. It got sliced right off and the finger too. I felt like a finger. So anybody see the HBO thing last night? Oh, how sure you did? I mean, if I'm going to waste 50 minutes in my life watching at the piece of turd, I mean, they did have, they showed her drawings that she made while he was sitting there with a jury. And of course, this was your number five from the civil trial, which I don't think they made very clear in all of the hype for this thing, you know. But, you know, he slithered, Ethan Throat and nearly cut her, Ethan head off is basically what she said. And when they showed them the graphic pictures, you know, the crime scene photos, the knife wound to the neck, not only cut the voice box, whatever, Larry, you know, I say Larry, it sounds like an animal in the zoo. Okay, the animal, I was going to say to you. I cut her, she said, but it all went all the way back to within just milliseconds of the spinal cord. So in other words, he, she said, or head looked like a piece of the top of a piece of the dispenser. We're just like flopping back, almost chopped right off, almost a severed head. Which would have been interesting, maybe, O.J. could have put Nicole severed head on the mantle, you know, like guys do a hunters do. People who love shooting living things like deer. And he looked putting the head on the mantle to it is the so they can show everybody how much they are, what real men they are. That went out there and shot Bambi and the guy damn wood, defendless, effing Bambi. Like that bitch that called here that one day a couple of weeks or remember, who loves to hunt? And was bragging about the fact that, oh, yeah, she likes to shoot deer too. You know, what would, I would love to see a deer, just, I just, I don't know where all of a sudden, pull a piece out and pull her crap away, you know, just when she leased expected it. Once you're allowed to see that, at least in a cartoon, here the deer comes up with his own, get closer crap right away. So guess what, O.J., the message is, go away. We don't want you here, no radio is in there. Forget about radio stations, I read a piece over the weekend about some company. I forget, I don't remember the name of the company, but at any rate, he's been more of these golf hats, but he goes out playing his golf with his bad arthritis or his kneez with the name of some company name on the cap. And every time they show another photo of O.J., they went at cap on the company gets all these phone calls and the history of the public, are you endorsing him? Are you, you know, and if they please, where somebody else's cap, don't even wear our cap. So not only will they not get a job, not only will nobody let him move into their neighborhood, but, you know, if he should wear like a t-shirt that said, got forbidden, Calvin Klein, or Tommy Hilfinger. Of course, we know the kind of people that were Tommy Hilfinger, don't we? Huh? Except for the dark, except for the colors they were, because they think that it's in, they don't realize it's, well, don't tell them. It's a f-t thing, okay? Now I'm going to say after 10 at 5, 60, WQA, and you want to- All right, all right. Oh! Oh! I was a friend stealing the old me, but get up out of the oven, if you can see. This is your house, I'm a chaggy, sir. I had to quote, I thought I'd just read yours. How did you know that you were still, how sick with me? Ew, no! I thought you were still, I thought I'd just go to bed. Bordic and girls are brainless, one girl, because they're in drama, because they're head-y girls. There you go! There you go! You heard our two-light cars, even though we're the other in the liar, then your daughter's been so tired, between her legs, and your son's pony, pony, pony, pony, pony. Just be more, I can't go, I can't go. I can't go, I can't go, I can't go, I can't go, I can't go, I can't go. I can't go, I can't go, I can't go, I can't go. All right, now I'm getting naked, and then all the black-mobile never go. You want to go, I don't want to get rid of all those. You can't get rid of those, you can't get rid of those. Let's start talking, they're not our guys, I know, always you can't do it. Very easily, always like a pony, only torn against you. Hey, Jack, they're both, they're both, they're all naked. Hey, Jack, they're all torn, you know, they're all naked. Hey, Jack, they're all torn, you know, they're all naked. Maybe they're perfect for the naked area, you know? They're just taking, oh God, that's good in there. It's 1014 at 5.60, WQAM. So thanks to my close personal friend John and Lake Worth, for a fact to me, this story, which was in the Palm Beach post on Saturday, but being in Vegas, of course, I didn't see it nor if I would have been here, I wouldn't have seen it anyway. Unless it was in the local papers. This story, I'm going to tell you something, this, let me back up a second. This morning, I'm watching, uh, channel surfing, and I guess it was the CBS Morning Show, which gets worse by the minute by the way. They got that bits with a glasses on there. You can't do the news to save her life. I have no idea what her name is, but this woman is lost. She obviously knows that that things get cancelled anyway, and they're going from the frying pan and the fire and putting that brine gumball on there, which means they're really going to lose big. But at any rate, she's falling out of bounds for the news, and it goes to a story again about this Cassie Bernal, was better name. The girl like outshot the one that said, he says, you believe in God, and she said, he said, okay, go find him now. Maybe you'll, there's another one for you. The murder. And they were interviewed, I'm going to tell you something, seriously, I don't care what you believe. It's free country, we'll point all over whatever you live in, of course, a police state. But they have a young black girl on there, and I'll see I shouldn't have said that, but Emmys, you just happened to be black. It's not relevant that she was excuse me for even saying that. They had a young sparse on there about 13 years old, 14. And they're talking about this Cassie and how everybody, what a hero she is now, and she says, these were her, I wrote it down because I was so aghast. I was so shocked, I wrote it down. She says, oh yes, she took the bullet for Christ. Has there ever in the history of the human-epping race been anything uttered? Even by Elsie the Borden Cal, that was more ridiculous than on the face of it. Just the words, just the, and then they put it on television. Because like Tammy Fake keeps trying to tell you, they're crazy, the media is sick. These people are crazy that a bunch of bed bugs. They're a bunch of grave robbers. I thought they shot her with a shot gun. Now isn't that going to be the next one, by the way? After we have a choose life next year, the license plate that Jeff Bush is going to put out, it's going to say take a bullet for Christ. Yeah, and we'll make you a martyr. Maybe you can be a hero. Like that thing, we got, maybe you can be famous someday. Yeah, by about your handguns, you'll be famous. She took the bullet for Christ. But they shot her with a shotgun. Yeah? Oh, there's still bullets in different kind of bullet shots. Oh, there's a shot for Christ. No, it's still a bullet. A bullet is a bullet. There's it, not all bullets look the same. What's wrong with you, man? But they're a bullet for shotgun shot. It doesn't, you're a fuller shot, okay? It's still a bullet. I didn't know she was shooting her. They were shooting at Jesus for her to take a bullet for him. I didn't know they shot her in the palm of the hand. In fact, they did. I mean, that's grow test. You know, to say what have been a lot better if they would shot her in the palm of the hand. If they didn't. They murdered her dead. And they even had some Protestant, thank God, for some of the more rational Protestants under this morning, a minister on that story saying, you know, this focus is all wrong. The focus should be on the loss here that, you know, a nice young girl was murdered, not on the hype. This is all about your hype. He actually said that. A man of the cloth said, thank God for you, sir. That they're all getting sucked into the hype. And then they showed the thing with all these, this extension now, the story that immediately just loves this crap so they can suck up to all the God bull crap, all of the religious enough cases. And they showed these kids and they're, these are evangelicals, by the way. These are the charismatic, whatever the hell I call them. No, we're not talking about the horse, okay? Oh, by the way, what day's Dave Johnson calling? He's not. Well, let's re, well, the bell monster probably tomorrow. So, what day, right, these are, so these aren't just your regular, religious kid. See, this goes back to something I said the other day. Last week, in referring to some of our nutcase professional collars out there, you know, and you ask yourself, what kind of people were they when they were younger? So, like the older religious fanatics, what were they when they were younger? They're young religious fanatics because they've been brainwashed in program. And so, you know, they start with a young, just like the Catholic church. Like Father knows best, he likes him young, real young. They're evangelicals, they're rolling in their, you know, they're doing their thing. Crazy people is what we're talking about. So, anyway, here's the story that John from Lake WorthFacts me, right in line with this crap of how she took a bullet for Christ. What kind of a person number one says something like that? And number two, what kind of people in the media? I don't want to mention CBS, but I will anyway. What kind of embezzles put something like that on the ear? She took a bullet for Christ. Just stop and think of all the ramifications of that statement. The idea being that she died as horrible violent death for Jesus. It entice right in with all the God bullcraft, the sadistic God that puts everybody through all this punishment. Like the plain crash by the way, it was an MD80, the crash landing at a little rock this morning. To see that story? And American Airlines MD80, I mentioned that in passing from DFW to a little rock. And there were deaths, we don't know how many yet, but there were deaths. In fact, here's the airplane, oh, geez, look at that. There's the wreckage right now. Roll, boy, bad. And MD80, bad. I know how good safety record I don't like those planes. Don't like MD80s at all. But in any way, so there were some people died and a whole bunch of people got injured. And they interviewed one lady on there, black lady. Okay, so here's a good one. She was very nice and she talked about the fact that she was buckle in and couldn't get out of the seat. But then the plane split and it were able to get out. And then they interviewed this elderly couple on there. Who escaped on skate, who thought for sure. Oh, and one guy, one red neckie, looking guy who must have been on the way home to the little rock. Poor guy looking red neck guy. He says, oh, I thought the Lord was going to take me. I was sure the Lord was going to take me. But then after all of a sudden we sat there for a while, nothing happened. I figured maybe he was going to give me some more time, the Lord. And this elderly couple that survived, they walked away on skate from this plane accident. Well, we thank God. And I said, well, what are you going to do that? Oh, pray a lot. How about the people that didn't make it? Are they going to thank God? Are they going to walk? Oh, I guess they can't. Maybe they took it up the victim for Jesus. Is that what it was? Huh? Maybe they died for Christ. This whole religious thing gets an S and M thing. And those of us who want to participate were on the M side. Unfortunately, we're taking it. So here's this facts. The situation crowd praised. Teen who objected walks up. This is so typical of America man of the intolerant religious nuts that we have in his country. You people make me puke. It says when the 18 year old returned for his diploma, please, board him and threatened him with arrest. Talk about a fascist state. It started with a loud clear voice, a man's voice, and it spread quickly through the streets, picking up the tenors of teenage boys, whispers of young girls, and throaty voices of grandmothers, which each with each word a group more determined. Our father, who art and heaven, it goes on. They defiant group thousand strong ignored a school ban on prayer, and insisted that God be part of a Calvert County, Maryland High School graduation ceremony last Wednesday. A student who had successfully appealed for a moment of silence rather than formal prayer walked out in protest. When he tried to return to the ceremony to collect his diploma, he was detained in a squad car and threatened with arrest by state police. Are you listening to this? School officials say they feared he might disrupt the school's function. The school of administrators did the legal thing and complied with the law, but the audience took this one over. The American Civil Liberties Union of Maryland said Thursday that an emotional majority trampled over the low teenage boy in the constitution, a student was arrested by the law and the law. The American Civil Liberties Union of Maryland said Thursday that an emotional majority trampled over the low teenage boy in the constitution. A student was arrested because he disagreed with the majority and he tried to address that in a responsible way. Said Suzanne Smith of the ACA, you said in that you considered the fact that police detained Nick Becker 18 equivalent to arrest. Prayer had been part of graduation ceremonies at Northern High School for seven years apparently without objection. This year, Julie Shanks 17 planned to deliver an invocation at the commencement until Becker, her classmate objective. He said that prayer didn't belong in a public ceremony. As a compromise, Shanks agreed to change your prayer to a time for reflection that did not mention God, when she asked for 30 seconds of silence, the audience had about 4,000 rows and began the Lord's prayer. Don't respect those people with a brain. Those people who want to think for themselves don't respect anybody who doesn't go along with the masses who are hypnotized and crazier than a bedbug. Don't respect anybody's rights in his goddamn country. If they don't want to suck along and be a stupidest son of the rest of you, just trample right over a baby because it's the American effin' way. And like I've told you before, that's one of the biggest things wrong with his country is that religious fanaticism here is alive and well. More so than, and I'll let any country I've ever been in. I mean, we're murdering each other left and right. Oh, yeah, we got rampant to shootings and violence and hostility. I mean, you name it more than any of those other countries that I can think of. And yet religion here is just, it's like those fires in the Everglades, just spreading and spreading it's just rampant and the country gets more and more violent and more aberrant and more out of control. Just like all these church colon kids that we keep reading about, all these kids that were raised with a religious bull crap and dragged off those church every Sunday. And they're the ones that are doing a shooting, by the way. But this is just, this is the ultimate. Maybe she will, maybe he would have been better off to take a bullet for Christ. Huh? Something to think about Nick. Take a bullet for Christ. Just stop and think about those words, boys and girls. Stop and think about what kind of a bunch of crazy people we got here. And like the minister said, and thank the Lord for him. They're getting sucked into the hype and not looking at the real thing here. The loss, the senseless, mindless loss, the killing, the murder. And it's always, oh well, the Lord, you know, thank God for what? For kind of like sitting around, worrying about who's going to win the ball game? Well, people, innocent people are getting decent people are getting slaughtered. I mean, if that's the way you want to live your lives better you than me, that's what I say for you. If that's the kind of crap that you want to invest your energy in your brain and more power to you, but just leave me out. Okay? She took a bullet for Christ. Maybe Nicole and Ron took a slice for Christ, huh? Maybe that's what that OJ thing was all about. Crazy people. That's what it is. Crazy, crazy, phonetical people. Obsessed with this massive doses of bull crap, because they don't want to take responsibility for their own actions. She took a freaking bullet for Christ. I just wanted to take a goddamn shotgun myself and pull off that TV screen right there. Just put it out. 1026 at 5.60WQAM. Shannon? I thought, nurse? Never get a ticket to my net, be dead, I can't believe that I'm a dead ringer. For the guy I met on Terry's bringer, wait for a creep, the king of the house. Make the you mom had to work three jobs. You let home when I was three. You may have lay mom, but you really threw me. I'm just a braiding. He was my hero, because my dad added up to be a hero. I used to get a bad, but now I'm the man. I'm never getting into my bed, be dead. Stop by, we're now in the sleep with mom and we never see him again. I quit my time. If it appears, you're proud of the fluency and it's expectable to be here. I'm gonna call it, I missed my prom. My father figured was my mom. Now I'm going, my life's erect. Because the only time he's out to check. I used to get bad, but now I'm just man. I can't be through my dead, be dead. No. I'm never getting into my dead, be dead. No. I'm never getting into my dead, be dead. Oh, right. 32 at 560, WQM, this audience is on fire. Maybe we got two calls there on the board. Nothing moves these bastards. You know, when are you gonna learn you lesson there? I've never got to learn. 560, 560, pump 560 on the mobile one line. We got Hank from New York again at 2. Maybe that's something I'd show will stay on the year. It's amazing to me. Every day when I'm driving home, I hear that same thing. I hear Hank for like one segment. And then we hear that long, after the commercial break, long musical thing. And the music goes on and on and on and on and on. And all of a sudden, Corey comes on. And we lost the line again, you know. I used to spend a little bit of time yesterday, figuring this out. Hank actually is on the year on this station on our 45 minutes a week. You know what I'm talking about? Which I don't think we're going to do anything he's paid his dues. You know what I'm doing a great job. But an hour and 45 minutes a week, we need to take away the downtime and the Corey Phil and time and everybody else is filling in because we keep losing the line. We just can't keep the thing on the year. 5-6, but we're getting the spots on. I'm not saying I care about you. I don't want you to think that I'm relaxing because I'm not. I've got that very well under control. 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. We're waiting. Here's a mobile and pepric pine. Hello. Hi. I just want to talk to you about the girl who said they should take the bullet for Christ. I'm kind of interpreting it a little bit different than the way you started. The way I think it is. I mean, no matter what the situation was, no matter what the circumstances were. For phaging doll was so much that, you know, she was willing to say that she was. She did believe in God. She wasn't afraid to say it. That's the only way I see it. I don't see it. What do you think he wasn't afraid to say it? What did that accomplish? He took a bullet for Christ as though by taking a bullet that was something positive about it. No, you know, is it justified? No, it's nice. It's not the way you're saying it. All she's meaning is that she was not afraid to say that she was. She even said, he didn't say if you say yes, I'm going to blow your brains out. He came in there with guns and he knows that he's not a Christian. You know, he didn't believe in God. How did he sure is how was the Christian? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? Then next year you're going to tell me that's enough. These more questions. Sir, go read a book. Okay, go get a brain. Go get you a brain somewhere. You don't understand. You can actually go to tell me. Popeyes didn't sign the concord that with the eight off Hitler. Okay. And that they weren't Christians. I'm sure that's Jewish propaganda. Yeah, right. Man, you see, you people can rationalize anything. Like the minister said, not some atheist, but the minister said this morning. Stop getting sucked up into the hype. Okay. Some young girl in the prime of not even yet in the prime of her life gets blown away. And like, oh, her faith was so strong. She wasn't ready to get blown away. He asked the request and she had no idea what the hell was going to happen. Man, oh, man. I mean, you talk about self-hidden noses. There's no way to get through. When your brain has been taken out of that out of that crock cavity there. What's the point to trying to reach it? What it just not there anymore? God, that's not what she meant. What are statement? And the very first call right out of the box, we got a rationalizer there. Like it made a lot of sense. Like I'm misinterpreting what's he's, she took a bullet for Christ. That's what religions all about. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. I don't know if you noticed that there's four things everybody in four or the media can say might be right. The new Powerball thing. You got to get four numbers out of 32. And then one number out of 32. Sir, what are you talking about? At the odds of the new Powerball, the worse of the... Go bet on something else. Okay, go bet on the Russian Roulette. I go through a half an hour of this stuff and he's talking about the people in Florida being stupid. You're right on target, Pan. Oh, look at the mirror. Okay, before you slip your wrist, go take a look at the mirror. Powerball. And by the way, we can't have casino gambling here because it's evil and they'll like you lose your lunch money. Thank God, they went a lot of it. Got way up there to 66 million a couple of weeks ago. But nobody was gambling there. Lunch money away on that. And I'm all for the waterways. I'm all for whatever you want to do for freedom. But what a bunch of hypocrisy this bull crap is. And is that money going where we're supposed to go? No. No. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. This guy's worried about Powerball. Okay, we got kids blowing each other's brains out. This guy's worried about freaking Powerball. And by the way, the markets in the crap are again today. All you people out there that are worried about money like me. Get with it. Get your priority straightened out. There's more important things in the world than money. I haven't figured out yet what it is. But here's a lady mobile and hollywood. Hello. Yes, man. I need all hello. Okay. About this bit was religion. I still live on my amnibiche. And oh, yes. I had a- Did you have a mental on your door? I'm now. I didn't think. And I had a boy who was a son of mine. Yeah. I haven't Jewish but not Orthodox. And my son wanted to play desperately with this kid. And they continually shunned their shunned them. And my son asked him actually on the other one. And she said because we went with this enough for them. And I said the kids, you know, they're just sure they're going to know anything about religion. But I'm never good to them together. Oh, no. That's what we're not. About a month later, I was standing in my yard in my house. Gardening. I had on shorts and this leave us talk. And the street walker came by and started telling me that I had no business being outside dress selling these online. So I'm going to be everything irrational person to do. Yeah. I grabbed a broom and chased the sky down the street and beat the crap out of him. Oh, right. Great. And proceeded to sell my house and try to move with it where more normal people. Good for you. And on an unrelated note, he's a great restaurant for you in Rome. Okay. Called Dao Pire. Dao Antelias. AP URL, UI US. It's definitely fantastic. Nobody knows about that. Well, what part of the word is it? It's needed to form. Oh. Okay. Give it a try. Next time you go. Okay. I love you. Okay. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. She took the bullet for Christ. Okay. Like that story we had last week. It would be before about the Orthodox Jews. Throwing a bricks and the stones and bottles at the less Orthodox over the Wailing wall because the less Orthodox had the audacity. The men and women were praying together. And they were going. Oh. Oh. See, it's not one religion. They're all crazy. It's all bullcrapages. You know, some are a little more malignant than the others. A little more dangerous. But nevertheless. You've got a brain there between your ears. It's the only thing that separates you from the lizards in the amoebas out there for Christ. Hey, so when are you going to start to use it? A brain. A thing that actually works that can reason. Oh, no. We can't die. We're not like those other lower forms of life. I mean, we have a life after death. We're must be some meaning. Why are we here? You're here for the same reason that the answer to cockroaches are here. Okay. Except for more dangerous because we're bigger than they are. And they can't pollute the air like we can and destroy the environment like we're doing a great job of. But I hope you have a wonderful time and heaven. Isn't that what the Chris I can said in that movie? There's nothing like a night in. Something about my grip and child. I think it's what he said. Twenty before eleven and five sixty WQAM. I've taken what and then another area where the Lord is screwed up. And that's your drinking water. You open up your tap. You have the best of intentions. You're paying a water bill every month. And the stuff that comes out of there. It's loaded with cramp. That's right. McTerry and all kinds of cancer causing agents and chlorine. All kinds of lung and a drinking water. If you want to do something that makes sense about a collar. Call a call again. The sword even loves you, Rogers. All the white folks hate the black folks. And the black folks hate the white folks. You're too hate all about the right folks. Is an old established rule but to reach the national brotherhood. We national brotherhood. Lean a horn and sheriff park our dancing chief to chief. One to you, Elijah. The people you divide as long as you don't let a man your school. All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks hate all of your folks. It's American as apple pie but you're an national brotherhood. National brotherhood. New Yorkers love the quest or reconcorded very cheap. Step up and shake the hand out. Someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestant hate the Catholics and Catholics hate the Catholic. Hate the Protestant and the Hindus. Hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews. But journey. National brotherhood. National brotherhood. National everyone's my left. One and nothing. Week be nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four a week so have no fear. Be grateful that it's as last for you. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah. I mean all these people that get sucked into the religion. See there are certain groups that a lot of mentioned. No names. There's certain groups of people like that first collar we had this morning. Get sucked into religion as a substitute for equality as a substitute for quality of life. As a substitute for whole lot of things. You're supposed to grab out of this pony a bull crab. It's like throwing you a bone and hoping maybe you'll stick it through your nose or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes sir. First of all that that second collar of the day you had the guy about the power of all power bull guy. He started out is he started out as opening thing by saying, The word is full idiots. Right. Well what is he? That's what I said. You go look at America. We're sitting there talking about all this other stuff and he brings that up. Mm-hmm. As far as the girl taking the bullet for God. for Christ. Yes. For Christ. Whatever answer she answered was the wrong answer because if I mean no one really knows what this guy was thinking that shot her. So if he was going to, if he asked her, do you believe in God? And she said yes. Well, he shot her for that. If she said, if she would have said no, he probably would have shot her for that. I mean how can anyone say she took the bullet for God? I mean we don't know what was going on. I don't know what was going on. There's no writing answer to the question about him. What kind of statement is that to make it as if there's something glamorous and glorious and wonderful about standing up for some fairy tale so much that somebody blows your brain. That's basically what she's saying. Oh, exactly. I mean it's not an amazing people, sir. It's just a ridiculous, it's a ridiculous statement. And they put it on national TV. They put it on networked national TV. CBO. No wonder that I keep crying bigger and bigger tears. That's the median brick Sanchez and everybody else. I mean they just, you know, that's what they feel they got to do. Let the girl rest in peace, let her family mourn, let it leave everybody alone. I mean I care about what happened. I mean I'm, I'm, you know, bothered by it and I feel for the families and feel for the people that were affected, but leave it alone already. I mean it's just I mean all they do. Every time these people turn on the TV's or turn on the radio or open the newspaper, it's day in and day out. They're constantly reminded. The whole country is so off based on this stuff. They're not even coming close. And the yesterday bubble starting with this bull crap about, oh yeah, what we have to start clamping down on these video games. This hasn't got anything to do with it. They got the same video games all over the world. And rational people that are brought up with any kind of values at all. They don't go on blowing each other away because they watch violent video games or movies. Nobody wants to touch the reality of the fact that this is a, a disturbed society of people that don't know right from wrong. Well it all goes back to and you've said it before people need to start in the homes and the parents, the parents are dropped in the ball. I mean that's where it's starting from. I mean it's not video games. It's not dropping the dollar ball sir. That's what they're dropping the dollar ball. Have a great life. Good one. Yeah, that power ball. You have one ah, yeah. All these compulsive gamblers out there. You make me sick to my stomach. You're all going to turn out like less degree in the car. Walking around with bad breath. 5. 670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I need a minute. Yes sir. Okay. Listen. Yeah. I want to talk to you about this guy thing. Listen. I'm disabled. You know, I have to bad legs, right? So, you know, I have these religious people. You know, I say, well, gee, you know, what to deal with this? If they don't well, God did this to you for a test. Yeah. I thought I wanted to go to school. The test were over with already. I'm disabled. I work two jobs. I'm a good guy. You know, I try to treat everybody right. Right. So, what's that? What's that? What's that? Do I got a pass? You know, it just doesn't make no sense. And then when I go to heaven, I'm going to have two good legs. That's right. And then you can know, get on your knees and pray to God. So you don't even need good legs and heaven because you'd be on your knees praying to God all the time. Don't know how great he is. It's just crazy. I don't know. All right. Well, I just wanted to bring that thought across and you have a good day. And you two hanging around. Oh, yeah, he works in mysterious ways and he's always testing us and seeing if we really will kill our brother and if we really will kill this one and it, yeah. Murder violence and mayhem. That's what all these religions are all about. Murder and then by the way, somebody that is very peaceful in Hollywood, they come down to them. The city left the Hindu family, built a trellis in front of their home in Hollywood, but the homeowner's association deposes the trellis and other dragon arrest into court and trying to make them take it down. Here's a picture of the home. Looks fine to me. Okay. Not a goddamn problem at all. The trellis outside the home of Nagash and Nagar Ready was begun with a city permit that was later revoked. And there's a whole big saw in the city of Hollywood. And there's a big saw in the city of Hollywood, but the city of Hollywood, by the way, that Mayor Gulanti, they're had a nervous breakdown about the life of the beach t-shirts a few years ago over in the Hollywood beach. But you'll know those assholes over there in Hollywood. And I'm looking at this thing and you know, unless somebody puts an ice around there and believe me, this trellis is not an ice or either is a satellite dish either by the way. Everybody's sticking their nose in everybody else is everybody trying to do as much damage as they can. And flicked and flicked. That's the American way. And flicked. How can I annoy you? How can I damage your life? How can I create a lot of chaos and stress and tourists for you? Instead of being like civilized and low bit the compassionate for each other? Let's get some good lawyers in here and sue our neighbor because they got something that we don't like. I think they're jealous of the trellis. 560505050. I don't hear any Hindus running around trying to impose their religion on Americans. Do you hear any ...no? No. Nice people. May I have it if they start with the port there as? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, no. Yes sir. Hey, I don't know if anybody's mentioned this before, but I think I read the time magazine that the squirrel that she's leading God had just been reborn again. And before that she was like in the witchcraft and Satanism. The whole time she's in witchcraft and Satanism, they think the barbers would then she gets reborn and boom. If she had to take a bullet for Christ. Yeah, I mean, it's kind of a weird thing. I don't think anybody thought that up, but I noticed that in the magazine article right after the whole thing happens. It's a good point for witchcraft, isn't it? They made her like the whole, the whole modern thing, the whole symbol of the claw bind thing because she turned to God and then God let her down. God just wasn't there. He was busy and he was in the locker room with some football team somewhere. Oh, by the way, I'm glad I came up on after National Budget of the day. I love that song. Okay, and have a great life. God bless you. Go kiss your neighbor. 5605050505050 on a mobile line. Several open lines here today. Nobody cares about the OJ thing. I'm going to tell you I have no patience for any of that anymore either. No patience. You want to apologize for OJ or try to cover up for it or make it into a racial thing. Be my guest, but not on his show. Don't waste my time. We suffered through years of that crap. And this woman by the way, last night she was like half and half. She's like a Milato. She's like part black, part she got a little and a bad neck by the way, bad complexion. Look at Kathy Willitznek. But nevertheless, there was unanimous to come only 45 minutes to come to the verticalness. He's done it. guilty as hell. Murdering son of a bitch. And to think that we got Roy trying to get him in here. See some people don't know when they got a well off. You know what I'm saying? Some people don't know how lucky they are. To be having a job. You know, a job is a professional face man. 560, 0.560, 0.560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I got to tell you that the Hindus are a world with the Sikhs. I know that, but they're not doing it here though. Right. I don't have five of anybody here. It's a human thing. You know, they took the Hussi, the Hussi, a pie by Tutsi, right? There you go. You ever see a Tutsi role by the way? Yeah, they do role. Uh-huh. I got to tell you though that it is precisely that lack of faith. It is that lack of set of values and the belief that is lacking, that is causing a great deal of all these problems. So it is precisely what the opposite of what you spew of you know. You have to learn a lot of things. You're absolutely wrong. Why? Well, faith in what? Faith in what are you talking about? Lack of faith that does what? There's more religion in this country than any country I can think of. And in Northern Ireland, whether it's all a religion with the Protestants and the Catholics, is it their lack of faith that's causing the McKilly Juggie? What? It's gospel. What you see a lot of around them, this role, it can't be nothing. Don't then you, yet it is hypocrisy. Anybody who truly believes you got anybody who truly follow. And who are the true believers? Who are they? And people who are the true believers really pleased that up? Well, they're up plenty of them, but they're never going to make the news. They don't sell newspapers. People are following Christ's footsteps. The people that do what they're supposed to do. That was a selling newspaper. That was a making it to the radio, the headlines. You only discount those what causes the headlines. Not the people who truly believe. Yeah. And I tell you, let me tell you this. I know this may come as a great shock to you because you're full of crap. When I tell you, do no harm. You can't, you can't refute that because you don't need to believe in any fairy tales. And any supernatural invisible being. You don't need to believe in fairies and then goblins and and elves and angels. And all this other crap, all you have to do is believe in that very simple philosophy and do no harm. And it doesn't require any any indoctrination that any religious sect to believe that. Unfortunately, just comment. So if the comment sent and comment decency. Unfortunately, that simple attitude that you try to spear every day. Unfortunately, it doesn't work. You got to have a lot more than that. Work for me. Work for me. I haven't heard anybody like you. Have having a microphone or radio station and having a dog button on your side. Doesn't make you right. It just makes for no the asshole with a talk show. Uh-huh. That you're listening to every day. Oh yeah. Okay. Thank you. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 20. What kind of approach do you want? It in. No, then. 10. 10. 11. 11. 11. 20. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 15. 21. 14. 14. 14. Oh, the Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. And the Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The sweaty women. Theascal., the bats. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. Friends. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. The Gandhi Man. Ok, people feel good here. That is itカンタ!! Woah, the Gandhi Man.. Wah!!! Aha! The Gandhi Man and Godzillafps itself. That is the onions污! Yes, the condive on the kids that would not make the system of the past. Oh, the condive on the old time thing of the prison. You're the back out of the water. Oh, right. I will start of myself today. Five and a three or five sixty WCM. This last bozo that caused all these people all I do is they repeat. Like I said before, what is it that's in your brain? Is it something that you put there that you've evolved into the thinking or that's somebody else placed there just battling a bunch of mindless rhetoric. You have to have faith. I was just telling George Jordan to break the Islamic terror was to have faith. The suicide bombers, the sex the greatest act that they can commit, that if they do these things, they're going to, that's the ticket to heaven, baby. That they have faith in that. Faith in what? Faith in some bubble mice and some ridiculous twisted fractured fairy tale. But nobody with a brain with that, that functioning brain could possibly believe. Yes, that have humanity. Yes, that compassionate. You have to have the agency. You don't learn that by believing in fairy tales. Or by letting your priests molest your children. That's not how you learn compassion and humanity. Or by letting a bunch of guys running around and dresses tell you how to live your life. Crawl spring, shall I? Hello, Vio. Yes, sir. That last quote, I don't know what to tell you, man. Tell that guy the blow it out is ash. It's another brain wash, shmuck. Blackhead. It's another head and original thought in his life. Yeah. Well, have you heard about this, the self-righteous bitch in Orlando that's suing Virgin Atlantic? No. For the old St. Powell's promotion, they're doing, they have a verbal that says, fly, shag Atlantic. Moran, see that. And she says that shag is a colloquial euphemism for sex. So she's suing them for running this promotion. Suing them for what? Because they use the word shag. We'll go, but what is she suing them for? What is it doing to her? Is it changing her life? Yes, changing her life. She wants them to take down the billboard and they shag her. That's what I say. What are we supposed to do? We didn't have enough words. And now we've got to get rid of trim. Right. We can't go to Bible for trim. Right. trim shops. And whatever you do, don't replace that ball cock in your toilet. Yeah. They're my fellow. What about spouse 69? See, and go, oh, gee, you're done. See, and court. Ha ha ha. I love virgin and land it by the way. They're great. And they fly real planes like 747. Not those puddle jumpers. I don't want to mention, which they're having as long. I don't know about these deals where they lie in a lie in a lie through their teeth. You know, American Airlines are having a big press conference on CNN right now. Right. We have total. Yeah, yeah, total bull crack. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And, oh, this is, see, this will be bad. Bad taste to talk about those barster bags today. I'm not going to, everybody would be in bad taste. But here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Probably afternoon, you and Neil. Good evening. Good afternoon, good morning to you. About the American Airlines airline crash. I was watching this thing on Good Morning America. Yeah. And by the time, so you're having to be there. And first of all, she's interviewing a 13-year-old survivor. The girls' legs were burned. She had a couple bruises and bumps. And she's giving the description of what she had heard and what she had seen. And she said, well, the plane broke up. I answered you right away. How many pieces? Okay. Now, the girls turned to tell her that she was, they, her and her sister, her younger sister, were going to grandma's house from Dallas, Texas to Arkansas. And she's trying to take her a little sister and find out how the little girl's going and all that. And so your kept popping was how many pieces did this record? Mm-hmm. No, it's been correct. Last one, the media does best, they exploit. It's just like the picture with Tampa, I don't remember what his name was. About 10 days ago, that broke his arm, you know. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. They must have shown that 75,000 times. And then they used it as an excuse to reshow. They've to revecate when it's like arm, basically fell off and the other three guys with the same thing. And they're showing them all over and over again. And if, if it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's an excuse to say that they're going to tell you about video games. The people involved in every goddamn part of television. These people are lunatics. And all they do is, is exploit human misery and the sensitize the American public to, to all these grotesque things. It gets better to because they went to a, a local television station on a feed. And she's talking to the guy that does the morning show their, and he said, the plumber woke up and she has many pieces. Yeah. I was a questioner. And then when he couldn't say how many exactly she has this complex look on her face. So now she says, well, I spoke with her spokesman from American Airlines. Oh, this morning, they had it on video tape. So let's see what he said. And she asked them again, I heard the plane hit a pole. I mean, three pieces did it break in. No. I'm sorry that I had respect for some general or, I mean, I was in one of the other of TV horror. That's all she is. Yeah. And back to him. He's in the other one. Okay, thanks. All right. Okay. I was Michael Michael motorcycle 560, pound fire 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 11.08 at QAM. You have to have faith, baby. In some bull crap and some horse crap that somebody else makes up and tells you, you have to have faith in that. And then take a bullet for Christ. And then when you're through with that, go kill some of Protestants for Christ or Catholics, depending you know, or throw some bricks at the less orthodox Jews. Big, corrupt, bankrupt business for people minded people who are too weak and too stupid to think for themselves. And a sad part of it is that there are a lot of people out there who aren't really that stupid and other, they're different kinds of stupidity. We actually have a brain. But that's one part of their lives. They don't have enough emotional strength to like think for themselves. So because the asses are masses and most people believe in some of the retails, I guess we should too, just to be on the safe side. Those are my favorite people who say, don't you want to, you know, pretend you believe this just in case, just so you're covered. Let's pick one. Isn't that what they say like at an ambush? I got you covered. Off to the way. Okay, let me pick one. I'll use here's one. Oh, it's still a bloody one from Vegas. What's that religion where you can have lots of sex with a whole bunch of different people? What is it called? That's a gay club you moron. Nine minutes after 11 at five, 60, WQA, and what do you say? Are you airing shit like this? Wow, they're really, come to me. I'm not so sure yet. I like the way they make my butt look in yours too. Thanks. Yeah, jeans, neither. Still a bit closet. I take mine out, dance. I'm gonna come off and attach the jeans, inside, really tight, and be my bitch tonight, sizes. Nine. Make it your choice tonight. Excellent, the 13 at five, 60, WQA. I've never got an answer yesterday about our identical twins question about Doug and Jeff Popovich. Jeff, what do you have in her cones? All too embarrassed about that. Well, you should have seen the reaction in the sports department when I showed them that ever crumbly in bitch catalog. Wow. Oh my God, they put it like a, you know, like a Dracula bin to the wolf bean put his cape up in the ear like that. Yeah, a couple of the various sports guys put their cape up in the ear. Here's the cool springs, hello. How about sewing the Republican party next time they try to use the word bush? Yeah, sexual connotations. Neil, it's almost all. It's almost all. Yeah, well, a little bush is okay, but too much bush. Yeah, we're oding on bush. Anyway, the joke is on OJ, I guess, because during number five is Greek Italian. Is that what you is? Yes, she wasn't black at all. However, I was Mr. Bolder, I read in the paper today. Yeah, we already got that. So you're already had it. Have a great day. Anybody else out there see that thing last night? On HBO? See this always happens. People call and tell me to watch something. And then I finally do get sucked into watching it, which it turned out to be a gigantic waste of 50 minutes. It was very weak. And then I get no calls on it. Except from this guy who wants to rehash everything I already talked about in the beginning of the show. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. How come you put the mobile in 4Laterdale? 500 down the list? Hello? Yes, I am. How are you doing, buddy? OK. I thought that was that lady. She's gone. Go ahead. Yes, sir. Did you have, have you been watching any of the political affairs on some of the Republican candidates? Are you the political affairs? No, no, no affairs. No. The one that had me hide-and-head with a wife of that guy up in Western? No, no, fair. Petra, hi, do you want to hear? Yeah, I'm here. He's a hypocrite. The one that was calling Clinton. That is not a fair. That is only key. That a wetlock or something, right? I don't wetlock. I don't matlock, yeah. And. Well, anyways, and do you see what you're bush? Yeah. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. They're out there, man. I'm telling you. They're out there. They're on the loose. Who says the monkey general is not doing a good job? Here's a mobile in Pembroke, pie and cello. Hello? Yes, sir. I just wanted to call you and let you know. First time I've listened to your show, I got caught in a two-way office to head it on. This was, say, 94.9. All along. They got you. They got you be the walk-aloo, yeah. Just suck. Yeah, I'm good. Okay, thanks so much. Just suck, huh? Paul and Ron. Are they on at this time? No. No. He just, here's the guy. And I want you to stop and think about this. Okay, like we're supposed to believe this. He just walked into a guy's office, had this show on. And he took the time out of his busy life to tell me that Paul and Ron. He's talking about Paul Kanchner Nova. Is that what he's talking about on Zeta? Who whips off all my material? You better hope that I stay on a year long time, sir, because if I don't, your buddy, Paul, Paul and Ronald both be off here. Because you won't have the material to do anymore. And by the way, you know, when you have an envelope for breakfast, everyone gets a little stale after a while. And he'll look good anyway. 560, 560, pound 560. We've got 400 overlives now. They already ran out of material on this. That's the greatest part. You people are tremendous, man. You're unbelievable. Don't complain about the material in this town, because quite frankly, there was nothing. Paul and Ron, on 94.9, they got it all over you. I think they got it all over themselves. You can almost smell it. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hi, good morning. Yes, sir. First of all, I want to thank you for playing those calm lara records. I really love them. But I wanted to tell you the great quote of virtue, Stein, who was an atheist about religion. Yeah. She said, there is no answer. There ain't going to be no answer. That's the answer. And I always thought that that was a very, very great quote that described the way it is. Oh, that's not says to go on. Yeah. And every word is going on in the world as a religious war right now. Think about that. Yeah. And what a wonderful God be had. That's right. Thank God. Thank God that he's letting all that crap going on in Serbia with these serbs and the coast of ours. And it's going on in Northern Ireland for him has 50 million years in the earth. Jews. And all of every part of the world, the Hindus and the Sikhs like somebody said before. And then pack a fan into you for a month. That's what I just said. Yes. Right. And then then then teamwork is going on. Yeah. It's the Christians and Timons and the Muslims. And it's the Shiites versus the Sunni. Oh, I'll follow Shiites. You just don't forget it. Yeah, right. Okay. God bless you. Okay. She took a bullet for Christ. Lots of fun. Oh, you just missed interpreted. You take it the wrong way. No, she took it the wrong way. In her body because Christ and God and Mary and all these other mythical things. They weren't there in a protector. Oh, aesthetic. And the way that people rationalize them manipulate doesn't no matter what happens, you're never going to convince these people. You talk about deport. See, they're always talking about the programming kids that are in Colts, you know? The Colts or what are called Colts in his country. Those people are pikers compared to the mainstream religions. Because once they end up doing it in brainwashing from the minute that you're born, you haven't got a prayer pardon you expression. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's sunrise. Hello. That's good morning. I got a gentleman football player that was in the catalog. Yeah, pop a little bit. Yes. He's from Arizona. I think he's by high school ball there. First of all, second of all, to the lignes that are listening to the show, that have no idea what they're talking about. I worked for the Catholic newspaper in Phoenix and being the only kid working there. I was able to see the other workings. No one wants to discuss the fact that they have the audacity to tell people that they're not pedophiles when they're lawsuits all over the world. Right. He was a million dollars. How about this vision of Simon's for most Palm Beach that they just said back up there to Michigan or Wisconsin where vanilla was to be doing some more, thank you, back you up there. How do you like that? Well, that's the same story. The gentleman from the diocese in Phoenix. The guy that came here in 81. The woman got kicked out of the parish. He gets a job here. She can't go to any of the parish's in Phoenix, which is probably a blessing for her. He has a gig here doing the same stuff running the same old tune. So for those that are these dying Catholics to understand, you people have lost it. I mean, I don't think I can in the church. Yes, exactly right. The other thing I wanted to bring up to you, the OGA Simpson case. We're so quickly turned around because I was living in Los Angeles in 92. This is just a payback. There's a payback to the white people for what happens right now. Exactly right now. Yeah, it's all it is. Right. All she'd be taken for. And having been a basketball player in my former life, I was, I was in my minority. Even the, some of the brothers reluctantly would even say, Yeah, it is probably a payback. And people just have to see things what they are. The audience is self-law. It's just dead from the neck up. I'm telling me. And all I could say is because I can't tell you my friend. Okay, you're happy so good. Okay. Yeah, you need a lot of luck when you run here because, you know, you're a few. You're a fine of smattering of people out there that got some kind of an IQ bigger than their damn, a thumbnail. That's right. But it's, they're far and few between them. When you see this abore and driving going on, all this morning again, I nearly got wiped out. Making the turn off on I was very road from the turn-pack road there by the step by feet be parked, which is a horrendous intersection, by the way, which is a lot of be a life there. But of course there's not. And I'm making my left turn and I'm doing the right thing because traffic is clear going, whatever way that is west. And I make my left turn and some jackass and a black teabrew with dark tinted windows. All of a sudden the sides he or it or she or whatever it is, is going to make a left. No blanker. No indication. No nothing. And I had a slam on my break to protect myself from getting killed again by some lunatic out there. You can't complain about the driving in South Florida because there's virtually none of it. They're not driving. They're, they're doing attempted murders out there. They ought to be in prison for what passage is driving in this town. Oh, see, there we go. It's complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm just telling you exactly the way it is. Okay, I'm not making it up. It could be paradise here. This could be this could be heaven. We could have because she knows we could have people in know how to drive. We could require people like you know to take a real test for a license. We could have civil, you know, we could get all the murderers and the arsonist and the pips out here. We're too busy with speed traps on the hideous road and the tax street. That's what we're worried about. That's law enforcement here. And this guy that called yesterday to get to tick it through, you know. What do they call them encouraging when he left his windows of his car open to go in and get a couple of standing fighting fighting crime. Like we don't have enough real crime. So we have to give tickets for inviting crime because the guy left his window rolled down. Nice gone, Parker. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I need a hideous. Great. Open the paper this morning. I'm going to throw you up. Grab. Can I get old on the station? How could we can just matter me? Yeah. I don't get it. Okay. Well get this. Called a dial tone. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing that? I want to know how to get a copy of the Ava card in the incident. It's catalog. How can you get one? Yeah. Probably by going to their store would be good. Oh yeah. He's probably wants to see that picture of Jeff. What's his pop-away to naked with his twin brother? They have a store down here? No. No. I have to go to Caesar's palace and Vegas. They got a store there. That's where we're at John Pick that thing up. And a magazine too. The catalog. Summer catalog. Ava crumbian bitch. Yeah. There's something for everybody in here. Even George was getting psychotic over this catalog yesterday. You have to go away in the back to find the young ladies with the bearhooders in there. Oh and look at how did I miss this. And what's this guy doing to that nice dog? Look at that. Oh yeah. Oh there's a guy in that picture too. Yeah. Over on this side, Mr. What is that? So what dog? It looks what to me and the dog too. Jesus Christ. Oh there he goes. There's all those. Yeah. Yeah. You look up on top. I'll look down on the bottom there. There's something for everybody in here. But they have a phone number to get the catalog. How come we didn't get a lot of calls about Jeff Popaway choose the number 38 on the University of Miami Hurcouns. I mean, the fact that he's got identical twin brother. And is in his eyes a male model in here swinging up with his ass hanging out from the tree. What's wrong with that? Just come with your problem. Exactly. I'll tell you. What's the number? What's the number for what? The catalog. People want to know. What's the number? There's like an order for him in the middle of it. It's got to have a like an eight hundred. Well, where the hell is the order for him? I think you ripped it out. I don't have any order for him in here anymore. It's in there. You know, it is not. Where the hell is the order for him? Mr. I think you can get it out. Yeah, toward the back. Okay. I'm looking. I don't see any guy. Oh, look at that. Hmm. Woo. Well, I sure missed a lot. The first couple of times go into here. Jesus Christ. That's some good bathroom reading. Wow. Take a peek at that. Huh? Woo. But anyway, see this is my religion. Okay. Can't stand people that look good. You know, I can't. I'm just, they make me very, very upset. Why can't we all look like that? Can't stand. Oh, here it is. Here's a toll free number. Here you go. Ask and you shall receive from the one guy can depend on. 1,800, 4,3,2, 0,8,8. You can order your Avocado and Fitch. You can order your merchandise. But of course, I'm sure that's the same number. You can also order your catalog. 1,800, 4,3,2, 0,8,8. And tell me you want to summer catalog. You want to cut the naked, you have them football players in it. And a lot of other stuff too. Believe me when I tell you a lot of other stuff. Of all varieties. Whatever you like, it's in there. 1126 at 560 WQA. And when you're free, drugs. Not a heavy, drugs. Two, two, Carda, take it's two, two, Carda, take it's bust. The longest, the highest, the smallest, my fellow Americans. I stand before even nine. Carda, growing, hard on expanding, hard on rising. I reach out my tool to all of you. A rock, solid, hard on free, drugs. Not a heavy, drugs. Two, two, two, and as that we join together inside of the American people, take it. Okay. Well, just leave it to the so-can. So it's 12 bucks for the Abercrombian Bickella, four issues or six bucks for just one or seven bucks for one or seven bucks for one or seven bucks. So what's the big deal with that? 12 bucks for all four for a whole, I like free better. I got news for you. You'll cough up the 12 bucks. You get more crap for free than anybody I know including my cell enough. Yeah. How'd you like all that meet by the way from our good post friend that I gave you? Oh, I was delicious. Yeah, good. All my friends enjoyed it. Oh, good. Five, six, seven, and a car. How's that coming? Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the pound, five, six, the only 18, the wireless line. Here's the cruel spring, hello. Yeah, it's morning, Elf. Yes, sir. This business, all for lichen, absolutely drives me crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I guess that was technically born Jewish, but I have an idea. And it's really the pure form of multi-level marketing at its finest. I can't even see how Amway could compete. Oh, no, they're not in the same league. No, this is no way. I mean, Amway is for the very distant second. And I love it example is we have friends of ours. Your family love them both of them. They're off the dock. They have a leathery shoulder. Yeah, what can I use? Ten to a multiply like rabbit. Yeah, they know you're not in the ship. I think, you know, they're running out of names for these kids. On the 9th of the town, the doctor told her that she's probably going to hammer it, and she needs to stop having children. She's had two more, and she's now pregnant with 11th, which is likely going to kill her. What's the real difference between that and a cult? And the difference between that and those guys that in California that often sells to chase the hellbob comet. You know, just a little bit level of faith. Just a slightly higher level. And then last point is, I try to be open-minded for them and respect it. And I'll look at them as something different. But they'll look at me as something inferior. It's an arrogance about it, which drives me... Orphanox juice, look at you as inferior? Absolutely. Because I was technically... I can't think of anything more inferior than the old orthodox juice with the long birds and the pace and the heavy clothing, especially now, it's 172 degrees in the shade, and they're slipping around on an old and rotten road in Washington, haven't it? Absolutely. This woman is most likely going to die, delivering this child. Well, at least there won't be number 12 anyway. And what about this morning? I guess God wanted that jet to crash and 16 people died. Well, they have a lot of money to believe in God. He saved them. That's why they're thinking God. Okay. Well, only the bad people died. I love the big day for God. I could 50 left. So, in any way, I'm not a material. Zygazoon. Okay. 600 open lines here. You know, I'm going to tell you speaking of how hot it is. You know, I realized that this place operates everything on the cheap, and you don't really care about the comfort of the, you know, they're working conditions of the people who work for you. But I'm going to tell you something. I don't demand much of anything. You know, we got second rate equipment. Every morning we have to come here and read boot everything, every time there's like a, and of course, this is only the beginning of June. It's going to go on for months now. Every time there's a thunder clap, Newman, we have everything goes out in here. Okay. We have to reboot this and reboot that. Okay. We can handle that. But the air conditioning we can handle. It's 75 points on the reason here. And I just turned it down as low as it'll go. And the guy that was in here yesterday, the jackass, with his big funnel that he was carrying around, sticking it up on a ceiling in the funnel too. Guess what, pal. You lose. Okay. You know, like you asked from here, a funnel. Because supposedly they had this all fixed in our program director, our award winning employee of the month program director says to me with a straight face yesterday. Oh, well, now that they got a fixed if it gets too cool in here. Let me know and we'll see, you know, if it gets too cool in here. Like it's 190 degrees in the shade in here now. And this is only the second African June. Because it's the beasley way because you cheat faster is over there in Naples, man. You people are grave robbers. We're bringing in billions and billions and trillion dollars here. And we're doing it with Scotch tape and masking tape and with paper clips, with used paper clips that we have to get our own water for crying out loud from our friend to call him in. We have to get our own water up here because we got a water not see that rations out water on the other side of the building because you're so goddamn cheap. But when it comes to our comfort here and I used that word loosely over the next several months, this is unacceptable. So you can have your engineer and this jackass from the air, we need to get air around the clock, we need to get them in here. That guy wasn't from there wasn't? No. I don't know. Well why not? Those are our friends, those people care about us, not this guy with his funnel that thought he was maybe pressing him in the song. Yeah, I got a song for him. It's called Castle Hoist Fast. 560560, pon 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Boko, hello. How well kneel? Yes. I'm not in Boko anymore, I'm right by King's Point in Del Rey. Oh boy. Oh boy. He's older by the minute now. Oh god. Anyway, just what? Oh, hey. Hey. Did you see the latest thing in the political world? Our worst campaign has decided that they're taking God back. So they're not going to be out God as by any of these right wing lunatics. Oh brother. They're going after the God crowd and they're taking God back. Oh my god. Yeah. I know. Great. Unbelievable. It's all I want to say. God bless you sir. 560, pon 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Helen Del, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Who's a Roy guy? You really mentioned? Is that Roy Foster? He's a person of the dolphins. Yes. How did you know, Roger? How's this? He's good buddies with him. That's his best pal. I don't know. I don't know. The history of a sir. Why don't you call him up and find out. Call up right foster and find out from. Oh, yeah. Okay. I don't even know the history. All I know is I find it very distasteful. And like I said before, if you want to hang around with scumbags, that's your business. What you do outside the building. Okay. But don't try to bring him inside because we won't tolerate it. We won't sit still for it. We won't put up with it. Okay. We don't care how many happy face calls you make up there. And the sales department don't bring your scumbag friends around is joined. Even the sports nerds don't want to see that murdering son of a bitch. 560-50560-5060 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Any allow to question about one of your monsters? Yeah. If I call nicks would they nail me my free sugar? Do you know what they would mean? What? 560-50560-5060 on the AT&T line is we continue searching for real call. Here's a mobile in Laksha, Hatchie. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? I'm doing great. I'm about five minutes ago and they pulled a plug. It's not good when they pulled a plug. When they pulled it, it is not good. You can smell it. I called that 1-800 number. But that's that. I got what's funny. It was like, yeah. I'll say it's all quiet. No, son. We got the horns. How do you all? I only wish I could get as many calls as they're getting. I have a crabby in fish that I have. It calls on here. Here's what for you. But the law of them hung up when they found out they had to pay for it. Oh, yeah. That's the soft border for you. It's the freebie crowd. Even George and their old years. Good books for a year. What the hell, you know? 12 bucks for 12 bucks. But they were trying to get up when they told them you had to pay. Yeah, well, let them make them feel better. Let them know it's from soft border. All the snores are. Love you, Neil. Okay, yeah. They want the catalog. They want it for free. That's the cold-roar in this town. What's your people understand? They want it for free. They want they see inside the catalog. They probably want that for free too. I'm going to be. I'll guarantee you ain't getting Jeff a pop-al Witch for free. You know, it's how they, the sports nerds. They won't touch that. They will not call it under showing talk about that. Because it's, well, that's like being out of, you know, I mean, that whole closet football thing. Guys in real tight, you know, pants. Grab any other's ass. Pick and showers together. How gold thing was right on target. Nice going out. We've got so. 21 before noon. Do we have a schedule? By the way, when he's going to be an Amsterdam again. We want to make sure we have a schedule. So we don't clash. We don't collide. I'm going to make sure that his apartment is nice and empty when we're there. Cut this obsession with hockey. Okay. Okay. Okay. OJ got away with further ranges while I'm so white and Jewish friend. Now we hear them say they say they're not going to my anyway. They feel blended. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back to hell. You ruby though. Go back. Go back. Go back to hell. You ruby though. Go back. Go back. We're going to reconstruct the tunnel from this office here. Check them out to the hang of spider collects all who will save the video. Go, go. I'm back to the back of the water, but right here at the beach is that label who? Red word, you should say. Okay, it's $7.45. $5.60 WQAM. I didn't mean missed that ending there the first time. But it's real front people, it's $5.60, $5.60, $5.60 on the AT&T line. Did we have one call of the guy who was a terminal, did we have one call or anybody saw this show on HBO last night about, oh no, you're number five. No, it's too busy calling for the Avacrobian pitch catalog. And stop being so goddamn cheap, okay? 12 bucks for a year, four issues. How much is it for just one six bucks? Yeah. Well worth it at 10 times the price, okay? For all you desperate people out there, I guess they just want to buy all the cool Avacrobian pitch clothing, right, isn't that it? All the stuff that's already torn up before you buy it? Yeah, think of all the time and work. Yeah, look at that. Look at Port Jeff Popovich there man, that thing's been ripped on and shredded and the pants too. The ones that are down to like the bottom of his spectrum. Yeah, how it is with young people today, they wear their pants low like around their ankles. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I think it was shot. I had a real bad experience who went to the hospital last night. I just want to say how bad this health care system is down here. Yes, it is. Hello. I'm listening. My girlfriend sat in a hospital waiting room for 45 minutes that she was suffering from vomiting and diarrhea from food poisoning that we had had. And I really feel sorry for anybody who ever has to go to the hospital. What was the first? It was the sir. Right on sample road and 95 that North, North, Broward Hospital. Why don't I let one? Not for a bit, anybody ever has to go to the emergency take the ambulance. You don't want to go into the waiting room. Okay. Can I give a shot out please to Jason and Joe who's listening? Okay. Good luck, pal. Play it. See you. Don't go to the hospital in this town. In fact, don't go to the hospital in America because they'll kill you. You can't complain about the health care in the USA because basically we don't have any luck. I said before, most of you doctors out there are a bunch of butchers, a bunch of murderers, which is why everywhere you go, you walk around and see the big public people. You should have seen all my God. The plane from Dallas to Vegas last Friday. I'm going to tell you something. I mean, okay, I'm fat. I'm overweight, but like, you know, 3, 5, 40 pounds. I would look beautiful. I'd look just like a bread pit. But I mean, I'm going to tell you. I have never. I mean, we just kept the conversation just kept on forever because there was an unending supply. I'm not talking just bad people. I'm talking people with these enormous publics. And then it dawned on me. We're going to Vegas. You know where they're going, don't you? They're going to the buffet. One thing about buffet is that I love my friend's and the normal coast. It's a great restaurant. It's a great sponsor. There are super people. But you go in there and I'm going to tell you, you will see it any buffet. Some of the fattest slabs in the history of the human race. I'm not just talking fat. I'm talking gigantic. And coming back, there's a guy, a fat guy. I forget I guess that was from Vegas to Dallas. This guy's wearing a polo shirt. He fat people shouldn't wear polo shirts, okay? And he is sweating up his door. But 745 in a morning, Vegas time. This guy is sweating up his door. And he's telling some moments in there about he's got his big bottle of Naya water and how much he's watered drink because I'm a plane he gets the high-rated and I'm thinking to myself, no, why don't you get the high-rated? You got a leak, mister. Because it's leaking out all over your yellow polo shirt. And there's nothing like we're in a yellow shirt too. To accentuate like a green or yellow shirt. To accentuate the fact you're sweating like a pig. And you know who's responsible for this for us being fat in this country? Is you doctors out there? That's who's responsible. Who's sit back and you'll let all this quackery go on. All these phony diet pills. All these scams go on. All this low fat bull crap that lasted for four or five years until they finally unmatched. What a fraud that was. Now everybody keeps getting fat or in fat or in sick or in sicker. And of course the medical establishment here likes that because fat or in sicker means more money for them. More money for Pfizer and all the big pharmaceutical companies and more money for the doctors. Who have a vested interest in keeping us as sick as they possibly can. How to help that get on that? Well it's because I'm looking at the Abercrombian fish catalog and I don't look like that and God damn it I should. I should look just like that. Well, or close. Nand. So let's talk about identical twins in the incestuous relationship between identical twins. I mean is that just a rumor? I've heard that all my life. And to see these real, I don't know so much with women. Of course I haven't paid that much attention to it for obvious reasons but how come you don't encounter as many identical twin women as you do man? Have you noticed that? Yeah, good point. Yeah. When's the last other than the double mint gum spots? When's the last time you even saw any identical twin women? Rarely I can't think of any cherry downstairs. Yeah. And although I haven't seen her in her twin together but anybody else? Get wait no. No I can't think of any. But identical twin guys all over the place and usually look real good. Why is that? I don't know any ugly identical twins. I don't know a couple of pair of ugly identical twins. Yeah. One would have been enough. Oh the one you were talking about? Well then too. But well I guess the ones to get into catalogs in the ones on accounters wouldn't be the ugly ones anyway. Like Jeff and Doug Popowitz. Nobody would say that they're ugly. They might say that they're naked. 560560, 560 on the 18T line, another lethargic crowd. And I'm getting a little farther too because it is hotter. It's hotter than a witch's rectum here. It's getting hotter by the minute. Nice job on the air conditioning. Greg, you're really doing it, baby. Get that faker back in here again when that big funnel to the sky. Heck I was really doing a job. Putting on a big act for us. Doug and Pony show here the other day. Hey look we're doing something. Do you believe me? No. No. It's hotter than a hell. It's hotter than a hathies in here right now. What does that say anonymous? Hello. Hello. They're anonymous all right. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Another example of the decline of Western civilization. I'm sure you want to you probably already know this one already. courtesy of the NBA. They're all American guy, David Robinson, who they like to put out on the forefront of squeaky plane. His education was paid by F tax payers in excess of $140,000. A ride. And his only obligation to us, the Americans, was the served a few years in the Navy. Yeah. As an admiral. And of course he backed out of it in no obligation. He backed in with. You know that was naval guys. They're always backing into something. Yeah. Well, I mean Roger Stahlback, he did his time. Two other guys did their time. I want to know why he didn't do his time. OK. And how about the three in spring? Well, he's going to do his time. Pretty soon. OK. 560, 560, 560, on the end. We're going to have to get one of those air conditioning things that the guy was talking about. Although then we had a call the other was last week one day. And somebody said that those things suck and they don't really work and they blow as what he said. Because this is unacceptable. Let's get in hotter by the second thing. I think the thing is like an malfunction at the junction. A little worried in case you get tempted to take your shirt off. No, that will not happen. Oh, thank God. I'm going to go here and watch. I'm going to go here and watch. 77.9 to reach it. 78 degrees in here and getting warmer by the minute. It's like an oven in here. They'd be free to stop breathing. It's like a goddamn oven in here. And of course with all the Jews that work here makes you start thinking, you know, get a little paranoid. You're almost talking about. If I got freaking oven in here, Greg, you dumb guy, get with it. Okay. Oh, yeah, but we had to go here yesterday. See, as soon as I see a guy running around with our chief engineer who's, you know, he's in okay guy. But he's still busy worried about his guy damn auto racing and I'm worried enough about getting stuff working in here. But it's got to tape and safety pins that they give, you know, discount from the discount store. 560, 50560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yeah, sir. Got a great relationship story for him. I felt time share, I don't say who four, but. And I was sitting at the table the other day with clients. And you know, you talked a little bit at the beginning to kind of warm them up, so you know, you met him. So I said, well, you know, what kind of things do you like to do at home? Oh, we got a church. I said, oh, that's nice. And then the next thing they said, we're born again Christian. Why didn't ask them, but they told me. Oh, of course. I said, oh, that's nice. They said, then they said to me, what are you? I said, what do you mean, what am I? I'm an American. Yeah, I'm a human being. Right. God damn it. I was born into a Jewish religion, but I really don't practice it. Oh, yeah. And then I said, oh, well, listen, we can set your whole life a straight. Right. And that's a table in our trying to convert me, right? Jesus Christ. Right. I said, stop. I said, I didn't come here to talk about religion. I came here to talk about time share. Yeah. I want to talk about religion. Go outside behind it. Just take place. Unbelievable. Yeah. So they're crazy. They really are. I think that's the story. In other words, you don't want to take a bullet for Christ. Good luck, pal. Okay, bye. So I guess I'm. Yeah, they want to make you an offer. You can't refuse, man. That's what it's all about. Oh, we can turn your life around. We can save you. We like a Jim and Tammy Fay. Five, six and Pat Bull and old and wrinkled and you know, try to be a rock star. I'm sure if they're the air is not in on here. It's not operating at all. It is not on. It is just it's a hundred and seventy two degrees. They got the oven stoked up. Even a state that roots Christ don't get. I mean, I know they have high temperatures when they bore the states. Even those states don't get cooked as warm as we're getting baked in here. And we still got two hours and five minutes to go. I bet you, well, 77.9, I bet you it's higher now. Watch. 78. It's going up like a tenth of a degree every a couple of minutes. We're switching over here, okay? Nice job there. The AC man would add duck thing you had. But that stupid funnel. Why not? Let's call channel four and see if Dick funnel is still around. Remember Dick funnel? Penel? Maybe he knows where the funnel cards are. Oh, this is bad. This is really bad. This is much worse than it was the other day when we started with this business. And it's only, let me say it again, the seconded June rhymes with, here's a mobile in poker, hello. Yeah, Neil, how you doing? It's the more smotering. I'm going to send my ear conditioning guy over there. Jesus Christ, this place, man. They're their assholes. These people are run this place. I've never worked for such a bunch of idiots in my life. It's broken. It's my work and it's going to be 85 there. I'm going to send my man over there. I'm not going to sit here and sweat my brains out in the garden. 85 degree room here, try to do a radio show. I then, the top of it all off, I happen to be one of those people still likes it. Cool why work? I like it to the chili. It can be like a, a lyrton awake. It should be about 68 degrees there. 70 would be perfect. We'll be having it. I'm not asking for six. Another asshole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the AT&T, what else line? It's hot. To your friends away, who fight you all? Heaven helped her. You said you're alive I hardly hear of any violence. And your revenge isn't about violence. When is going on? It's karse you want to touch. like you'll be sweeter and when you pack your heater, you carry a license to be deadly. Come on and join today. See you next week! Happy Ann Array! Eight-four-one-be. Eight-four-one-be. Eight-four-one-be. Eight-four-one-be. Eight-four-one-be. That's your premier skin. Eight-four-one-be. Eight-four-one-be. Eight-four-one-be. Eight-four-one-be. And you'll be proud to say, you're ,I'm Denver, I'll be or ain't theoria? Eight-four-one-be. Eight-four-one-be.bee-three-five-siicken, whoever that AC guide is here yesterday wether not eat a lot of 4 yaş or 4-YOK. You jack ass. Great job. You see I'm a little bit sure there are a lot of people in the audience who, you know, a few weeks ago when I digested that new one, I got the board again. Gildy thing there, I've had a great conversation in the T-room with Gildy. And I dropped it this whole new attitude. I hope you have a good And I turned my life around. I got my own religion. I said, I don't do a shawning wall. And it's worked like magic. But I'm sure there are a lot of people that want to read. How long is this going to last? And most of the things I can overlook. Okay? Like the sales department don't give a crap about the accounts. The management doesn't give a crap about anybody under the sun. Nobody cares about anything here. Okay. But when it comes to sitting in a goddamn sweat box, which is now last time it was 78.2, I bet you're right now, it's higher than that. 78.4, and rising every second. Meaning there is no error working in here. Meaning that we're going to be shfifthens by one o'clock it's going to be 85 degrees in here by two o'clock it's going to be 90. We're shfifthens over here. Okay? Because we got a bunch of cheap skate operating this place. We think they know something about radio like I said before. These are the luckiest efforts I have ever seen in my life. They got that power 96 cranking out that hoochie koochie crap making millions of dollars. They got that kiss picking their nose over there making millions of dollars with no overhead paying the except for bond the case here. They're not paying the goddamn diamond of anybody over there. And then this place just got through with the highest ratings in history of the radio station. And they still won't spend a dime. Forget about promotion, forget about support, how about just the room that like it works? What a concept, okay? Oh, we're going to build state of the art studio. It was your own, it can go 50,000 watts. We can do this and we can do the yeah. The only thing you can do is pedal bull. That's what you do, Greg. You're a professional bull crap pedaler and make no mistake about it. Whew! Man, it's a tumble. I have never in my life. I thought it was me, you know. It's not the heat aid so bad as the lack of oxygen because we're not getting any more. Yeah, there's no circulation in here. So not only is it getting smoldering hot, but it's like sitting in a goddamn oven. It's stifling. Suffocating. Unacceptable. And it's skewseable to a nice on the whole body of life. Well, I'll go on the goddamn halon talk, okay? I can't we get the spots on. They don't give a crap about doing a show. Just get the freaking spots on. And maybe put some in the ballgame, even if the clients didn't buy the ballgame stick in there anyway, we don't care. Right? Rawr. Yeah, we don't care. Man. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Hi, no you don't. Yes sir. I'm sorry that you're going through all the difficulty with the heat, but there's one thing that I would do if I were you. I would light up the biggest, melous cigar. Excellent point. Excellent point. Give me a cigar right now. Now, the reason for my call. I watched last night, the edge of my feet in the temperature, which I guess no one has called you on. No, no call. I can't believe that. Well, if there is anything that could be more despicable than the crime that OJ Simpson committed, there is such a crime. And don't get me wrong. He disers to go to the electric caravan. What he did. But supposedly, what he did with a climate passion. Now, when you have a crime passion, well, you know, you've caught up in the emotions of the moment. But when you have a delivery, what do you mean, a crime of passion is that why he had the the knife that is against the knife with him and all the other good stuff? Well, it's supposed to be the thing. He will fall bad on a shape and he's crazy anyway. But when you have a delivery, sir, let me ask you this. Yeah. This business of somebody crazy or not, like Ted Bundy was Ted Bundy crazy. Yes. Now, you know, as well as I did that he was crazy, but nobody in this caravan. He said, well, nobody in American society, the way our justice system was, nobody would have said, let's spare Ted Bundy because he was crazy. OK. No, absolutely not. Try to sound bitch. But there is someone that is far, some concern more despicable than OJ Simpson. And it is the jury of 12 in the criminal court. Yeah. Court. And how about the grave robbing attorneys who defended and played the race card and got him off? How about those guys? Yeah, because what they did was deliberate and they took their time and they knew what they were doing. They can't. They have no excuse. I mean, what they did. And after watching that show last night, the fifth tour, well, I didn't have to watch that. But anyone in this right mind, nothing realized at the son of a bitch did it. I haven't had one call about it today until you, sir. Nobody cares. I had everybody in their brother yesterday telling me I should watch it. It's on HBO. I go home to make sure my HBO is fired up, which it is. I watched it and think last night, which shot him, think it was very good. But nevertheless, there was, and she's going on with the whole thing about he killed the F and sliced their F and neck off, and it's set of them. So, nobody cares. Nobody cares. Well, I care. And you care. And I think there was good people in the country that care. It's disgusting what he did. But it's disgusting what he did is the people that got him off are even more despicable and more disgusting. Okay. And I hope your cigar is very good. I got it right on up to my foot. And I hope your cigar is very good. I got it right on up to my foot. And I hope your cigar is very good. I got it right on up to my foot. I hope they jump. They're up on the roof. They should only jump. These systems are shut down completely. Our system. And why is that? And whoever we share a system with. Why is that? Like a broken belt or some crap like that. You know something. I'll take a broken belt and slap their guy day. Let's go with it. Okay. A broken belt. Who is it that servicing this place? Okay. And God forbid. Please don't tell me it's our good friends here around the clock. We should I could tell you a story, by the way, about a letter I got it home yesterday from a place that you are water place. It put in my previous unit. And didn't I say how would that when the Colligan people tested it? That it was very, very good. And then I gave it to my good friend who just bought a house and had an installed in his house. Well, I had before. I get a letter from the person in this company, which I thought was out of business. Give me a song to the answer which I called him. But he never returned my call. I don't want to mention aqua thin. Who heard by 10th hand, like all these people here from listeners, by 500th hand, that I said, you know, I got the crap out from under the sink, the old crap. The only crap I've ever talked about is the crap in the water. I never said that that other system was crap. What I did say was that they were bought out by somebody else. And to the best of my knowledge, they weren't around anymore. Is that exactly what I said? Yes. But this is the AC thing here. This is it. Like I said, I've worked in places before we all have where the AC is going out. And it's uncomfortable. And it's, you know, annoying. But this is like being in a box. This is as close to being in a pine box. In fact, if you stick around another 20 or 30 minutes, I'll tell you what it's like to be dead without even being in a box yet. Well, I'm going to prop you a door open. Oh, God. Prop this. 9 minutes passed noon at 5, 60 year switching station for the 90s. Oh, God, New York. This is Luna de Cal with Donnell. I've been Donnell Jackson. And today we're going to fail the word for European. Spel it with me now. European. EURO, C-E-A-N. That's the big one. Now, this is you, didn't it, then? So I said to the guy, I say, hey, get away from my car. European on my car. This is Luna de Cal with Donnell. I've been Donnell Jackson. Some I like free, George. Whatever it is, I'll take it for free. It's 12 minutes passed noon. We've got our employee of the month, the program director, Pussy Collorys just opened up the ador. That's our air conditioning now. We've opened up George's door. We opened up my door. Did it help it all? No, at least he's running around here trying to do something. I don't see our general manager around here. Do you see him? No. Now, haven't seen him in a dog's age. He only comes around when he's a really ill and spreading bad disease like a mono and stuff like that, making everybody sick. So I kind of get sick when I see him too. So I've done my best to keep my jelly attitude and I don't give a crap attitude. I'm going to great job of it until this moment. But all of a sudden, I must have been about 40 minutes ago that the thing just pumped out. Because it was okay. I didn't notice one way or the other was reasonable. It was workable. And then all of a sudden, it just must have just cracked out because now it's just keep it's now 78.4 and rising every second. Every second that's your out there listening. In fact, an office pool will be in order of it funds time. Just go out there in a hallway wherever you are and take up an office pool. We'll see, we'll lay you a ride number one and number two. How long will it be when it gets before gets up to 80? How much had Kaplan's got the odds on that? Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Shritten. Yes, I feel you. Just a couple of things. I'm at the OJ Beatles parody play about a half hour go or something. I don't know whether you've heard it or not, and maybe I'm just imagining it. You know, bleep was a little bit late. I was a little lame, but yeah, we'll get that there. But there was one in there. Yeah, it's not, you know. You could hear bleep bleep bleep. That bleep and thing, yeah. You try. Yeah. Another thing, I just want to agree with. Yeah, I want to start speaking just in half-awards. We want to give the whole word out, you know. Yeah, well, like to always say, most of the time, others only have a word. Especially in Detroit, right? I just want to agree with like everything you say about obesity and the healthcare system. Everybody's from busy trying to be politically correct. Oh, it's a glandular problem or this is just that. But it's a fact problem. It's an American problem. We're so glad they infested. We're choking on it. We're dying on it. And the doctors in the hospitals, they love it. I mean, they just don't want to tell people to get off their ass and exercise. Right. You know, do something about it. Exactly. I mean, you know, I might have included. I'd treat it like a chronic disease, like asthma. No, it is a chronic disease. You're not treating it like it is a chronic disease. And that's where the doctors in this country have fallen flat on their big fat asses because they know nothing about it. And the only thing they know to do is to give their patient speed. And if it isn't fend fend, it's more ready or more of these other goddamn things that they're going to kill them. And the rationale is, well, if they didn't die from heart disease or stroke, they might as well take the risk of the big lose the weight we can save their life. That's a pile of bull crap. Yes. Because when you've already got stress on your heart and you start taking fend fend and all these other goddamn emphetamines and this crap that they're putting people on, it's a killer. They're bursering people. Yeah, they don't. I guess people, you know, they take these who have, they don't want to admit that you can't really live a normal life. You can't eat anything. Right. That's right. You're clinically obese. You have to be careful just as if you're asmatic. You don't smoke, you know, whatever the case may be. Right. All right, Neil. Good luck to you, pal. Yeah, good luck with all. Okay. Hang in there. I got me a nice stoking. I don't have it lit of course because that would get them really in a frenzy run here. And I don't want to lie. And that's not a good idea. Anyway, because it'll make it only warmer in here. What do I want to do that for? See this guy thinks that I'm going to do this not a spine. I'm going to show them. I'm going to light up this regard. But I did it. But I'm not because it's only going to be spitting myself because it might get a lot hotter in here. And harder to breathe. And the best news is that it's we got the chief engineer up on the roof. We don't have the air conditioning guy on the roof. We called him. But we got the chief up there. So that means that it's a lost cause. Not that he's not going to do his best up there. You know, he's pretty resourceful. Yeah, considering what they give him the work with which is nothing absolutely positively nothing. But nevertheless, by the way, Hank's in New York. I bet he's nice and cool up there today. I'm going to show from New York. And we got Donald Brennan from six o'clock to six thirty with a baseball, a pregame. Well, whatever it'll be called that. The Donald Brennan show. Six thirty we got the Cardinals in the Amarland pregame in the game at seven o'clock tonight. Any interest at all in that Marlin thing in a big Mac. Oh, no. No, no. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 50 on the mobile one line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you today? I think I know the answer to that already. And it's kind of scary. Yeah, well, I'm okay. I'm just a hot. Yeah, I know what your fact you don't want to be hot. Well, and your blood pressure probably goes up with the heat. Yeah, good point. And another thing is, uh, blood sugar, too. I think it's kind of scary. Well, it's kind of scary when you have your chief engineer on the roof working on your air conditioning. It's bad enough that they have a hard enough time working on other things. Right. It's probably going to be that we can't keep the Hank show on the year for more than five minutes of the time right. Well, luckily, I don't listen to the Hank show. There's a company here in Miami. Hey, stop it. Yeah. That we use, um, when our air conditioning goes out in our building is called spot coolers of Miami. Right. Blue Square things. Oh, I would kill for them right now. Yeah. I need a spot cooling. Yeah, of my fat old body. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe you can order one and just say it was in your contract that they have to keep it. Like I got to report in my contract that they're supposed to provide a workable environment so you're in, they're not doing a death. This is a toilet. That's right. Don't let them get the best of you. Okay. That's right. I'm taking back. I'm rescinding my, I don't give a crap attitude. I'm suspending it for at least today anyway. That's right. They're on suspension because this is, uh, I feel like a little blowing here somewhere. You know, from the outside. Is that what it is? Although I don't know. Maybe they, uh, they got something going on. No, I feel like maybe there is something happening here. I feel like a little, uh, blow job somewhere in the, uh, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you feel anything blowing? They'd like I said, it's wishful thinking on my part to imagination. And don't let me look at that Abercrombian fish catalog and give me all the sweat it up. Especially Jeff Poppowich and his brother Doug. You know, the one that plays for the U of M hurricane that runs around naked in these, uh, modeling magazines. Jeff Poppowich? Good guy, by the way. Looks good to me. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Lake Worth. Okay. Nice talking to you, too. See this is the soft photo crown for you. I'm sitting here sweating my brains out, trying desperately to make my way through the last hour and 40 to three minutes. Not that I'm counting. And these people are like, oh, well, we hung out for 12 minutes and 25 seconds. We're not going to talk to that son of a bitch. That's sweating his brains out. So I never expect anything from this crowd because here's what you'll get. What happened? Unless, of course, you want to stand out a bunch of free catalogs. Okay. We have the Abercrombian fish catalog free. Well, I might, oh, okay. Well, we like you a lot now. Yeah, you, you ought to see that. Because that one gets the phone going to be said, oh, we just discovered they're going to send us 20 catalogs for free. First 20 people that call will send them out. But don't do it because we don't have them. In addition to which if we did have 20 of those catalogs, I guarantee they never make it out of this building. Garen Teebe. Not that Joe would take one. Here's a mobile in West Palm. Hello. Hey, Hank. What is it, sir? Is it a little? Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. So all those staff people just show up TV then. Okay, thank you. Here's a lady in number North Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. Talk about fat people. Just came back from Orlando. Uh-huh. This weekend. Are they fat? Let me tell you something. We went to water for radio Orlando folks. Not out. Everybody that comes to Orlando from all over the country. Mm-hmm. And see who were the tourists and who were the Americans by just looking at them. Yeah. And the worst part is the children. I mean, you know something. I'm glad you brought that up. What kind of parents let their kids get really fat? I mean, I was never fat until I moved away from home when I was about 19 years old. And I was living in Boston. And I started eating like a pig and sleeping till noon every day. And I made myself fat. But parents that had their kids living at home and little kids, they're letting them just eat like pigs. And you notice that fat parents always have fat kids. Not only name their children. They were probably 160 to 160 pounds. We're in this little tiny speed of bathing. Oh my God. And the parents working right along with us. I mean, it was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen. Any of the parks, any of the, you go there. We've got a nice loud fan. We got a silly fan. Go out floor fan here. It makes a lot noise. But it blows. I mean, it's just disgusting. I mean, I don't know. They have to go and do that. I love to keep that thing going. And that's it. Just from the channel. Thanks for the good news. They're fat and Orlando. Thanks for the good news. They're fat and Orlando. Thanks for the good news. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Anybody else? Any fat people lately? Fine. Oh, that's good. Keep that thing going. I'm getting a great blow job from this fan. And I don't want to say we'll put it on the floor. I'm going to the oven. I'm going to the oven. No, let it go. I don't care about the noise. Oh, what a my hire. Woo. I haven't had a blow job like this since Vegas. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. We got a fan in here. It's blowing over the guy down. Played for the church beats. The authority of Maddie Bell and John Jerry. Oh, thank you guys so much. Okay. Man. Unbelievable is joined. And it's not going to be that either. Here's the mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Just wanted to touch a page. So I'm going to talk about this later. And I want to call her. Kind of hit her on the head. I mean, it goes down to money like you said. And the only way for people to really lose weight the right way. Dice the work. Everyone knows about that. It's nothing but a money making scheme for all these, uh, pills that you take and get your old juice stuff like speed. You know something. The government and the local television stations all over this country. Obviously don't care about this because they're running more Quack in commercials for more quackery every Sunday morning. I can't just can't get over it. And nobody does. Let's figure about it. It's true. And the only way to really lose weight is to just for getting a little bit of weight in the middle of the day. You're getting less fat. And you know what I mean? You did the shame. But people will have to hear it. You got to watch the. And if you don't think. I mean, watch what you mean. I always watch it. I look at it before I put it in the house. I actually, I get, when we call out about that actually watch what you put in your mouth. Um, basically food. Okay. But I've got to stoking there right now. It's not lit up or I have an isolated. There's a watch. You're putting, I get swallowed into your stomach. But there's a, you know, you know, everything in moderation. It's like people drink alcohol. I mean, I'm a social drinker. I have a couple of beers a week. But you know what? I don't know. I'm sure you have any idea how tight that is. I mean, I'm assuming you're not overweight. No, no. No. No. See, so it's very easy for you to like, it's almost kind of a kind. It is a kind of something. So you just watch what you eat and be careful. And then that's just. It doesn't mean anything. It doesn't mean anything. I know people who can eat five times the month that I eat. And they'll never gain an ounce. And if I like look at something that's fatning, I, I inhale the fumes and I go home and I wait on two pounds more than the next day on the scale. I understand we say. We have the bad metabolism and the bad the fat genes that we inherited from our fat parents. That we have to, we have to like, we have to starve ourselves. That's what it boils down. It's a combination of what to eat and what you do. Okay. Yeah. If you can kind of cut back on the side a little bit and give yourself maybe one day a week to go and eat and cake or whatever ice cream whatever you want. Oh, yeah. I'm just listening to all you know it's moderation and it's the end of peepies. Lazy people who are cops potatoes can get off their ass. Yeah. You're four times a week, definitely. Turned over a half hour. You'll, you'll stay and say listen, this is coming from a guy who I played sports and I can work fine. Why not overweight? No, but I did gain weight. That's my point. When I blew my knee out, wrestling, I did gain some weight. I mean, a lot of women. You are a wrestler? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You know, whatever. Very, very, very, very. I didn't say a word. I just said you were a wrestler. You said, yeah. Yeah. Whatever. But the third thing bottom line is it's just everything in moderation and I know that maybe I don't gain weight as quick as some other people out there. But you know what? I do watch today and I'm not saying I'm going to give him some ad or any kind of muscle head, but you know what? I do go to the gym three times a week. You know why? I feel better. You know, you don't shower at the gym, do you? Actually, I don't know. All right. I can go home with shower. You're going to be a wrestler. Okay. I thought, okay. Watch what you're putting your mouth. Okay. One call after the board, okay. This does sound should only rot. Okay. A joggedic storm. In fact, that's what we were having when I would come to work this morning. I thought that was going to be the definitive one. I would blow this place off the map. One call after the board here. I finally got a little bit of air in here. I'm switching on my last life and this audience goes into a fricking coma. Thank you very much. As usual 2,000 years later. Thank you so much for coming to my rescue when I need to do the most. If I were drowning in the middle of a goddamn Atlantic right now, this audience, these are the people I'd be looking to throw me to goddamn life raft, you know? Throw me to hook. 560, 5050, 5060, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Is there anybody alive out there today? No. Anybody? Anything moving? Here's a mobile and forlaterdale. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Can't hear this guy, George. Okay. No, no. I have a song for you, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. Me. Me. Me. Oh, good one. Great. W to Q.I.M. Yes. Can't hear you, sir. Can't hear you. Can't hear you. Okay. Hello. Yes. If you want to lose some weight, I would suggest more water intake. Meaning what? Uh, treasury and water. Sir, there's no way I could drink it unless I put a hose in my mouth. There's no way I could drink more water. You said you have a high sugar problem or your diabetic. Yeah. I'm a vegetarian. Well, being deal. Oh, I'm not pushing this. I'm not pushing this. I'm not pushing this. All right. Not interested. Okay. If you can't know with drinking water, one more cup of water before you eat. Sir, are you listening to what I'm telling you? I have my sole bottom of water right now. Drink more water than 90% of the people on the face of the earth. I drink enormous amounts of good quality water in its great. And I did. And water is not my problem. God bless you. I've told a few seconds there. Five, six, seven, over. How do we get on this again all of a sudden? We were talking about important crap there. And all I mentioned in passing was the one guy that gave me the hospital story. And right away, we got off into this fat thing again. Okay. It's the American F. and way we're fat. People are going to make a lot of money off us. And so we got to be fat. We got to keep eating all this crap and being fat and getting sick and making money for the doctors. It's a vicious cycle. Being fat, staying fat, being dead. That's the American F. and way. And anybody in the government here tells you that the government cares about our health and it's full of crap. So all this below me about cigarettes and everything else just about your propaganda. Just a bunch of panders. 26 passionate and here's a president by the way who we can McDonald's and he's telling us about our health. Yeah. What was that? Sorry. We're sorry, but we don't care of it. It's a food up. And a lot of it. And a lot of it. And a lot of it. And a lot of it. And a lot of it. I know that's the place for me. I got my brand new Nike's been. I'm ready to die. A poison killer was arrested to die. It's for those who have patients that can't be seen. Our schools will be taken by a particle beating. And patients is the only thing that bothers me. You got to sit down to see me. You know I think the poison is a second thing. He is to help out conical or leave to be. The fact from village as it is by you, where I go to school, there are a whole group of God squad students who can't mind their own business. They all follow the same pattern. They walk up to you after class acting very friendly, get into a conversation. You might think this is just the person who wants to be friendly. But then the hard self starts. They ask you to come to church with them and let Jesus in your heart. You know, or maybe want to take the board for Jesus? I was asked him a question you brought up once. Couldn't God come up with a better way for us to defecate? They act as if I'm joking, but I'm serious. So they tell me crap about original sin and Adam and Eve, etc., etc., and so on. My response, sorry, my religion is called reason and you have zero. And next time I'm your own business. And if Jesus was in my heart, how could it pump blood? Excellent job Bill. And if I you. Well, we got to sandblown over here on a floor. So better than nothing, not great, better than nothing. In fact, that should be our slogan here at QA and not great, but better than nothing. There you go. One our next billboard campaign. And when you see those TV spots on your QAM. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Not that I'm bitter about Wayne, I've pingered John Henry. And the fact that those of us who work our asses off to make this place tick and bring all this money in here, after our lives and mortgage to God damn Wayne, I've pingered John Henry. Would it stoop at ball games? Not that I'm bitter about that you understand you understand? Oh yeah. Because maybe if we didn't have to spend all that money for that, maybe then again, what am I talking about? Because even if they were making millions of dollars profit here, they still wouldn't spend a dime on it. No, because it's just not their effin way. The beeslee, they're a bunch of cheap bastards. Just looking at the way they dress. Here's Holly with, hello. Hello, hello, Neil. Yes sir. Speak up sir, I'm the Spanish Solana. I can barely hear anything. Oh it's hot in there. It's boiling. Wow. Anyways, you need the new times? About what? There was some order from the bottom. About the fags, John. Yeah, about the young hand. Well, I think they kind of, I didn't know a new about them. Like that. I don't know they would have perverse. We'd dump them. Then in other words, a handful of people that are busy risking everybody else's lives. Then you hear about the crazy taking a fist. Why? I never knew you guys could do that. You guys, let me ask you something sir. Are you into anal sex? Do you like your woman to let you out? I don't know you in the approaches. Good. Excellent. God bless you. Thank God for coming to her home. But not her. Okay, her whole. That's what the WH of course you say. Her whole, but not that other part. Good job pal. Correct. Because we found out that most of our supposedly state people are out there. Big on to. Correct. Ask. Five, six, seven, oh fuck. Just like all these three people go into these swing clubs. You know I don't want to mention any names, but I don't know. I kind of, we were discussing this with the house last night. About three people that go to swing clubs watching other guys having sex. Yeah, exactly. You know what I'm saying? Tracy? Oh well. He wasn't watching the guys. No, I'm sure. So anyway. Yes, just got off the phone with a Evercrombie in cinch. And they sure are happy to hear from us. Meaning what? They've been getting lots of calls. They're all. I'm making it so many calls and I can't. That's what I would like to know. You people out there make me sick of my stomach. You're a bunch of pussy. You don't have the balls to speak to me. But Evercrombie in fixtes. See a bunch of hot naked people. And I don't blame you. And we'll be getting our free catalogs out very shortly. What? Like, hurl? How many are they sending? Oh, I don't know. Like a, so another way. The encryption. Actually, we had some people that spent the box in order to. And believe me, you won't be disappointed. Okay. I guarantee that. I wouldn't be surprised if the whole university of my, see that's what a stiff pound this is. I've seen you this many, many times before. This is nanny god damn college town. All you idiots out there when you're, you of endless and you have been that. It's a fantom. All right. Okay. Yeah. We get more FIU and Miami. Dave people are we get it. We never have anybody from you of them. No, we're not good enough for them. But you blew noses over there. But you score a little rich kids. Little brat. The mommy and daddy are spending all kinds of money to send them to Sun Tan you for. Pretending to go into basketball eating class. Because if we really had any audience over there, you of them. But as soon as I mentioned Jeff Poppill, which in being here in ever Crabby and Fitch with his identical twin brother and the two of them happened to be hotter and held by the way. The phone would have been ringing off the hook on that. Oh yeah, we know Jeff. We've seen him naked or whatever they would be saying, you know. And if you haven't seen him, they can just get the catalog. Me not be completely naked, but it's pretty goddamn close. Including his rectum. Yeah. Nice going Jeff. It takes a guy with see I respect a guy like that. That's got enough sense of security about himself. He'll go and do a thing like that. Even always a football player. He doesn't give a craft. Not guaranteed he's getting paid. He's probably making more money for doing this than he is a You event football. George. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Well, he's a white guy, you know. Here's an adventure, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Right. Let me ask you something, Neil. Don't know 102 in here now. It's getting real clear. Comfortable. Do you ever exercise? No. I want you to get off your Fed ass and exercise. I'm bitching about it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for your very, uh, for your very understanding called you Jack has. You probably have fat slob yourself. Go look at the mirror your own Fed ass. Okay. With that little twopy voice years, you sound like a real geek. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pun. In addition to which I'm not complaining about it myself. I'm talking about America. How about all these other millions of people that are fat or not cow. Okay. And of course you have no law. I want to tune in even though what the God damn word means. You silly person you. No, don't stand in the doorway there and pretend that you're interested in what's going on in here. Who's that one, ax murder was old enough. I thought of their sales whole way. We haven't seen since it. He came in the building. Well, that's right. They sell the sports shows. I'm sorry. I forgot. They sell the important stuff. Anybody want to buy some marlins? No. We'll pay you. You want some spots? No. Yeah. Talk. Stand out there outside the door. Talk a little louder. Now that we got the door open. Okay. Get them out of there. Get them out of there. And you're like, yeah, we don't see these people. The whole thing we've moving up here in March. March April is in the four months. We've been up here now. We don't see these people alone. Other than they set up a standing post out there or farting post outside our door, because the door is open. How do you like that? Talk about a bunch of assholes. Yes, a little hot in here, okay? You asshole? That's why the door is open. Go give a big kiss to Ryan O. J. Let me got some time. Here's a mobile an adventure, hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. I'm an ordinary, and it's really the first time I'm cool, but I have rocked one this way because I'm a man who's going to a Jewish background and always have to cut my mouth. To what? Food stuff to my mouth constantly. You know, it's one of those grammar and other things. Oh, yeah. That's how my grandmother always asked us, ask us, ask us, and then, oh, you're getting so fat. Asked you know, was one hand, they're pushing it to the end of the hand, they're pushing it away. Exactly. That's the Jewish F&Way, right? I've already been understanding the skin, that's been never been over waiting for. I don't know what it is to have the problem, had physical problems. I've just gone through a gastric bite-to-as operation. Oh, this is the hard way, yeah. But to all these people, and then I got the impression that we should come up to begin with, to eat it, get down, and that was what's that society. I think it's about time. And thank God, just for people like you that's done. So, stuff for me. Okay, well, your phone is done. I think God has played an evil trick on both of us, but the good luck is there. Good luck with your bypass. What do you say, a gas pass? 560, 560, 560, prompt 560 on it. This is a joke today. I mean, this is not a radio show. This is a joke. I got this fan in here that then, believe me, I don't care if it makes enough money. It sounds like the world's coming to it. It's not going to be off position. But I can't even hear the God damn call, which is fine. I don't care. I mean, what do they have to say anyway? You wouldn't even come right down with. 22, and then we got the salespeople wandering around in a hall standing outside the doorway here reading the newspaper. What is that all about? What is that all about? They're having a goddamn convention. I guess they missed a day's when we were back down around the second floor, and they could all get in the color's room next door, and have a party and play grab ass, and make as much noise as they could through the paper than the paparazzi walls down there. Or is it papyrus? No matter how hard it's right, it can't get hurt a day to gather to tell where it is. She won't touch up in there. Oh, Shastadi, I'm grieving. It's so hard and believing. Call the three of us, that's so fun. Today the God is breathing in the house. I can't believe he's the last he and. You're not the only one. You're not the only one. You're wrong, you're gay. I really don't know where I went wrong now. I can't believe he's the last he and I can't believe. I really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe he hurt something. Okay, so 43 or 560 WQ might not tell you what Sam told me yesterday. Now, see, like I said, if it was interesting, I would tease him with that. I was going to repeat him. But we're so disappointing and so boring, you know. If you're going to promise to tell somebody something that's like a secret. It's like a real, you know, make it good, make it up. But not something that boring Sam, come on, you can do better than that. Here's a four-later deal, hello. Okay, I'll add that to that. We have to see the bumper sticker because maybe he can't do better than that. What was that? Did you just hear that? Oh, I thought we were getting the call. Sam getting the call on his cell phone. In the doorway. Here's Boca, hello. Hey, look at the idea of today. Okay. So I switched off the working money money early, about 30 seconds. Yeah. Was that a tape show there, clients? Yeah, they had a tape and we had a tape, it was a holiday. It's kind of strange for a sports show, though, to be on tape. You think you get somebody in there to do a live show tomorrow? No. So listen, when they got to bring in Bill's zipper from Philadelphia on a phone line when Hank is out, I mean, what does that tell you? We just don't have any bodies, man. We don't have anybody. If they get to be rich, you have the Emerald restaurant in the MGM. No. No. Very good. I never even heard of it. Where's the Emerald restaurant? It's all the shops, it's all like Emerald Big Fitties Fisher, something like that. Oh, and we're talking about Emerald seafood, like Emerald Lagassi. Yeah. I thought he said Emerald is worth it. No, I saw it. I'm not big in the fish anyway, and I'm even less into Emerald. You know, there it is, man. I just want to punch him in a mouth every time I see him on TV. He's not a chef. He's a entertainer now. You know, he's got a stick. He's got a shot up standing, though. Is it? And he got very good. And the Palm Beach first today, though, speaking of food, there's a good article about the low carb diet. Now, it's on the action page. And I'm proud you had the Palm Beach post there. No. But I've said anybody could practice. I don't have any more. It's a good article. Talk about most doctors, most doctors are leaning towards a low carb diet. How do you like that? And after all the lives about low fat and they're finally catching on to low carb because they like having telling you everything that you have potatoes and rice and pasta it all turns to sugar. Exactly. I feel like talking about, they talk about some good carbs and bad carbs. They're just a little bit on that stick. But it's a, it's a good article. It's a good talk. I tried to talk about doctors going away from them. Okay, I'm sure you've got our video facts. Thanks a lot. Thank you. See you. If anybody in Palm Beach wants to pass it, our fact number's 305-650190, what is it? 305-650190. That's what I said. 567-0560-POM-560. I know it's over here somewhere. But it's behind-gov schedule. I don't want to mess up. I've got the employee of the month of ward for we don't want to mess that up every morning of my life. He comes in here and wants to make sure that schedule is right. So that we feel like he's doing something. Wouldn't that nice everybody stop in in the, hey, oh, I don't know. I thought it any time. And yeah, I know. See there you go again. Luring, Luring and Lushing. We got a double standard in this building. I want everybody to know about it right now. Okay. We got a double standard. All the heterosexuals that want to leave about all the attractive young women that we have several of men that's building by the way. That's okay. But if that fat bag gets on a year and a day and Lures over one person, which is the only person I ever leared over in this place. Although I did say Zoltens a good one guy, which kind of goofy. But he's a good looking guy. But I wasn't luring. He has a wife, you know. But you know, and right away, oh my God, we have to have a big conversation with a program director. I know what that was all about. He's not fooling me. Yeah. Took him to his office. Yeah. In the office. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing now? Great. I just came back from Ohio. Rose my butt off. I did watch the HBO thing last night. Didn't see a little self-aggrandizing that woman. I was the whole thing was so fake. So I mean, I'm not taking terms of the fact part of it. But just the whole way, it was staged. Was so poorly done. I mean, just the melodramatic and all the long pauses. And I mean, what was that? He produced and directed it. Oh, did she? Yes. I think they're misled everybody. Making us think it was a juror from the criminal trial. Right. Because it was about five minutes into it. And I finally am second. This is the juror from the civil trial. And when the criminal trial. I watched a lot. I listened to Bob and Tom the whole time as a pro-Hio. Yeah. He was hysterical. Yeah. I didn't realize how much stuff you got from them. They were really funny. Sure. The good thing that surprised me, they got a girl on there. I don't know her name. But she said, asshole. They dumped her and they said, oh, you can't say that. I was really surprised. Yeah. Why would they dump her just for that word? Not because they can't say it. I don't know. They saw an asshole tells them they can't say it. And how do you get material from them? People send it to you or could they find it up there? Well, they have a couple of best of CDR. Oh, they do it over here. And then there was a couple of bits that were said to me. In fact, they originally set one to our program directed. I would do years ago. I figured it was one of what is. And then we started playing a few more. And they got all been out of shape. And then once they came on in Palm Beach and I told everybody how great they were. Now they don't care anymore. Well, they had a hard time. They love me. They had a more shot and Julia Roberts that goes hysterical. She can get a hold of it. Okay. Later. See you. Yeah, Bob and Tom are great. There's a real morning show, by the way. For that Jack asked they call that little punk. That was called about Ron and Paul. I mean, give me a break. Wea. Talk about make believe radio. Talk about ripped off radio. At least if I play a Bob and Tomping from somebody else. I'll tell you. I'll tell you one thing. Paul cashed you an over in his life. What I ever played in that he did. The story. The Palm Beach in the world. Just twice. What was the other one? Oh, the other was the semi-esmissing. And that was weak. This one was good. This was great. I'll give you a credit. Paul, this one was great. You know, one in 20 years. That's not bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. So what's happening up on the roof by the way? We got the drifters. Let's play it up on the roof. Yeah. Actually, the best version of that was on Columbia Records by the crying shame's up on the roof. Anybody remember that? No. No. But being the old ex-precious that I am. The crying shame's on Columbia Records up on the roof. God, was that a great. I mean unbelievable saw. Of course, George wouldn't be like that. It was too good. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, yeah. Great. Listen. I was calling about your health issues. And you were talking about carbohydrates. Correct. I feel that the lack of health in our country is because the lack of knowledge of people having towards food. And where should they begin that knowledge from sir? From books and from their doctors. Shouldn't they? Should their doctors be informing them since it has to do with our health? Well, doctors aren't school. Only school schooled in person. Oh, yeah. Most people don't know the difference. Doctors are only schooled in treating disease. Correct. Not preventing disease. Treating disease and making money and exploiting our illness. I understand that absolutely. The point I wanted to make is most people don't understand the simple car from a complex car. A complex car needs insulin to be burned. A simple car does not. Yeah. So simple car is our food from nature. All fruits and vegetables. So if you put your diet, that's not true. Fruit fruits are loaded with fruit sugar. That is not true at all. But your body runs on sugar. Neal. Your muscles run on sugar. A carbohydrate is turned into a sugar. For your body to be used. Sure. Do you have any idea what a diabetic does. What do you eat to piece of fruit? It sends this sugar up. It's like injecting sugar right into your bloodstream. Your blood sugar goes skyrocketing. There are a few things that you can eat that will send your blood sugar skyrocketing faster than like an ice banana. Correct. You're absolutely correct. You're absolutely correct. You're absolutely correct. You're absolutely correct. You're absolutely correct. You're absolutely correct. It turns it into a sugar. And that complex car becomes fat if it's not burned. Now a straight sugar from nature is from fruit toes, which is the only natural form. We're first. It's just as fatening as any other kind of sugar. You're absolutely wrong. You're another one of these guys peddling molasses and honey. Get the honey. You're your wrong. Okay. You don't know what you're talking about. Technically identical sugar is sugar. Okay. Another another nut case gets on a radio. Just like in that guy that called before give me a song to dance just because I got a microphone on a radio show. Well, guess what? Power works both ways. They pay me to open up my mouth and other bunch of crap. These people out here with their telephone. These anonymous experts. You know the old expression talk is cheap. Well, there's living proof of their right there. A man that and why he was on that long only because I'm sitting here and spits in my brains out. Where he would have been gone after like the first 30 seconds. Here's plantation. Hello. Okay. I was talking to you too. Here's for a lot probably the chief. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey, dear. Hey, man. You just got a serious question for you. How come you're such a whiny little bitch? Uh-huh. How come you listening to the show pad? You must like whiny little bitches, huh? Or maybe you can relate to it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. Yeah. Yes, sir. I was talking about that bullet for tried thing earlier. Uh-huh. I was just curious. Like, like, what would you do? Like, somebody like put a gun to you and like, and said, you know, do you believe in God or do you believe in Jesus or? Like, what would you do? Meaning what? I would tell him the truth. No, I don't. What does it have to do with the, uh, pulling a bullet to your head? No. I mean, I was just curious like, what would you do? Would you like, I mean, what do you like, uh, you know, like, say anything like two of a boy getting shot or? Meaning, what, what does that mean? Would you say anything to get a boy? How does she know what the state of a boy getting shot? How does she know what the answer was he was looking for? She a mind reader was she a psychic? You're dealing with a crazy person. I don't know. I mean, it leads to not a Satanic. Yeah, okay. Great. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. 567550, pound 560 on a mobile line. Boy, they're all out there today. Thanks for listening to 560 QA, by the way. And maybe Mr. Frutos wants to stop calling back. Oh, he's calling back in bugging you because I didn't want to listen any more of his question. He wasn't as homey as point. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. George isn't interested, okay, because he knows you're full of crap just like I know and the whole audience knows that we're not interested. Okay, go eat some fructose. Go shove it up here. Right, go get out of our face with your misinformation. That's where our name for this guy. Miss information. You don't know what you're talking about. You're a jackass. 560560, pound 560. And even if you were to jackass, you're still boring as dog crap. Okay, get off my show and stop bugging George. Here's a tele-hancy. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir. Looking at show on one because I'm up at school floor stage. Just want to say I love your show. And I'll stop favor. You think you could play an old one for me? I'll work on it. I'm still women's golf for me. LPGA. Yeah, can you play that? You got a pound. Thank you. I didn't tell that Frutos doose tag. Stop calling. Tell them to stick in his back door. Okay. That's right. Love him. There's a young man from Call of Hancy from F.S. and you, baby. See what we get calls like. I've always told you from out of town. All of we did have a hi Jason. How you doing? Get out of here. All of we had the exception yesterday. Remember the guy from Laguna Beach, California. He was an asshole. So every now and then we get a real clunker from out of town. But generally speaking when they take the time and the money to call on their dime from out of town, they might have a little bit of something to say. Or at least an IQ bigger than their thumbnail. But when they're from Dayton, Broward and Palm Beach and like the guy of the environment is down here. Oh, baby. I mean, you talk about Russian roulette. And they're listening to the show. But they got air me costing thing on this. I'm Satan. I'm evil. I'm Faggot. Yeah. And what's the point? You enjoying the show? I know. I know. So quick, bitch. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Hey, bring back a little Tommy Dunberg. He's me. Here's a mobile in Lauderdale Lake. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going today? Listen, I really, really respect your knowledge as a hockey person. You're very knowledgeable, okay? I know you can't stand Dennis Potter as a person. But what did you think of him as a player? He was a great player. I mean, what difference does he make when I think he's a Hall of Flamer? Okay. I just wanted to know. I wanted the greatest defense to never play. But he's an asshole. He doesn't know what he's talking about. And he's a doard. Okay. But I just wanted to know what you're opinion on. I'm not going to say that's like asking me, what's my opinion of Miriam U. I mean, what is the debate? He was a great player. I'll say it for the third time and have a nice day and give Dennis a big kiss for us. 560, 50560 on the mobile one line. Like it takes an expert to know the answer to that question. And guess what? Is for Dennis's concern? He's an asshole. Still. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, doing. Okay. Hi, I'm drinking Miami story for you. I'm a mobile vendor, right? So things out of my van. Little business. I don't have any markings on the side of my van. Yeah, you already called and told us the same story like a few days ago. Okay. Remember that guy? The same story with the same van, and the markings on the side of his car? Now we got people calling and telling us the same stories again. Nice calling, sir. Just don't do it again. Like I told you the first time. Say everybody the time and a abortum. Just don't do it again. Just go market. Just go market. just go marking market on that movie was on by the way last night I forgot to tape it right after that you know boring HBO thing was on HBO boogie nights good which I never saw and I am well it'll be on again no no I discovered rediscovered that I do have HBO not a great movie but just good but big three minutes before one at five sixty wqm of a oh boy it's the one to two hours yo I'm a junior in the entertainment industry the number we are all made for a boat oh I'm a junior in the entertainment industry the entertainment industry we are all made for a boat or that's where our grading friends like all black people do but why do you want to say it to slow they can sound real cool I'm a junior in the entertainment industry the number we are all made for a boat now the big capital find another word to you it you do the real bad but now it's okay when African America not Americans address themselves that way I'm a junior in the entertainment the number we are all made for a boat no longer the vernacular voracious of views if you could be taboo on that thing to say but now it's been heat all up on my black folks every day honestly every year we're all made for a boat not every year every year we're all made for a boat not six and one ten things can crack your off the food to really doesn't matter that to curry veneer land which in my face. Lay in with my right here. Mm-hmm. I've been placing this. I got a risk of that. Thought they had to be. Put the lotion in the back. By the way, through to that, I know it's just put the casket in the ocean. You see that the jetk casket? Which makes a lot of sense. But hey, that's a long, long time ago. And we ever got to know the truth about that. So, oh, what's the point? It's a two minutes after one at five, 60WQAM. See, it couldn't be all be like, I have a lot of faith. And could be all good people and judging each other and calling each other names and all this other stuff. Like, all the good religious folks. Oh yeah, well, you don't believe the same thing. Therefore, you're a bad, you're in period and you're going to burn in hell. And let's see, let's pick on the, the products and pick it on the casket. Because they're too long up at a virgin Mary. And the Jews of course, they don't believe in Jesus. And on and on it goes, it's all a bunch of crap. And it's all equals hate. Religion equals hate. What in the world? It takes a lot of time. It takes a lot of time. There we go. Yes, good person. 560560, Pont560 on the 18T Wireless Line. That's probably why it's hotter than Hades near today. This is just a warm-up so to speak, Neil. Unless you get to message, okay? Here's North Bayville and Jello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have rock monotonous on you, Neil, because I totally understand where you're coming from. Here with my grandma right now, all she, let's ask, let's ask, let's press. Yes, and that's the best. Yeah. But I'm in really- And then every fifth week she'll tell you how fat you're getting. No, no, but I'm in really good shape. But I used to be chubby. I don't want to get chubby and she doesn't understand. Like now I've learned to actually go into a restaurant and I get to sit there and watch her. Yeah, over eating is a very common form of Jewish neurosis. Oh, she, I know. Right grandma. That's the thing. Oh, I mean, Neil, the other, but that's not what I call it. The other day, because you're always talking about fish food and all this in that. I went into the restaurant. I went into the restaurant. Yeah, I grab my earlisten. Don't take any bullsh** from him. Yeah, I know Neil says don't take any bullsh** from him. Yeah, you go. On the wheel. Yeah. I went into the restaurant. And they have this stuff called Go Metal Ribbon. Mm-hmm. So I start talking to the lady and she knows you from the one from the one from the one 67th street one. Actually, he's always talking about fish food on the air. But he loves us here. And isn't that you ever tried Go Metal Ribbon? I know what that is, yes, good. Oh, I mean, I'm a child. You're going to laugh, but I'm a chocolate yogurt person. Just a straight chocolate yogurt person. Because you know, you know, keeps me, you know, in better shape. Oh, I got it. I ate a pint of that Go Metal Ribbon. I would've eaten three courts of the guestroom. Mm-hmm. Delicious. All right, so far, let's say hi. Okay, have a great day. I'll say hi to my buddies at Banskin Robbins. All right. Tell my my people driving to their tomorrow. All right. Okay. See you. I'm not likely. I hope not. I better not. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, Royal Sunnet guy with his fructose boy. I mean, that's just the frost my ass. What? 5 times he called that. 5 times he called you back to Hockey Same thing. Like he can't accept the fact that he's finished. And I gave him way too much time in the first place. Especially in Leifacti, you know, is that from my elbow? Uh, you're he's not understanding my all the way to him. I don't care what is going is it's all the same fructose and soup roast and glucose. It's all sugar, okay? Get the honey junior. It'll send my blood sugar skyrocketing. So get out of here without your brilliant advice. And he's given me a son and aunt about fruit. I know my fruit, Mr. Okay. Believe me. I guarantee you I've seen more bananas in the last six months than you'll see in your lifetime. I know my fruit. Some of them peeled some of them not. Here's a mobile inform orderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Two things. My family is being a bakery business and they specialize in like diabetic patients. And they, you know, they put fructose in it and all that. And obviously really didn't have any effect on all the diabetic folks. Go that. That's not true. It's another scam. In other words, your parents are in a fake or a factory business. That's a no one died from it. You know that you know all of you. Yeah, I know. Did you ever find anybody who ever read out of those B's showbacks? No. Yes, but no. We found some delta people. I don't think they're the barster back. I did it disgusting. Maths produced chicken sandwiches, dried fruits, dried fruits, pathway potato chips. Oh, I know. This got to be back. Okay. Thanks for the good news. May effect. I'll be. I wouldn't be surprised if they start putting in the potato chips with a. A lesser pretty soon. This is a little joke on a passion years back there in coach. And don't become an up to use our first class turtle. It's either by the way. Nothing that frost my ass worse than these peasants from coach who are standing, you know, dancing from one leg back to the other waiting at the coach restroom. Way into back to the plane. And they think they're going to come up and use the first class toilet. Get out of here. Okay. We've paid any billion dollars to fly in first class. Go back and use the a P on toilet. Go back and P on who was that that him again? Stuck it. Oh, that one. That's fat. I think it's a different thing. Oh, they love you. No, of course, but don't you understand. They have to say that it makes them feel better about the fact that he lives in the show when they love every minute of it. Don't you understand? It's part of their thing in the closet routine. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got 6,000 open call. And you know something that the thing that I mentioned this morning about the girl on there coming up with his line about she took a bullet for quite that line right there. If this was any kind of a town with people at anything to say about anything, I should have never even had to give the phone number out. I should have never had to give a phone number out. Once I quoted that thing and I'm sure that other people saw two on the CBS morning news this morning. Talking about the girl out there, the new martyr that they made out of the poor girl like I've blown away in Colorado. She took a bullet for Christ. One of the most unbelievable things ever said in the history of the human race. And his audience has gotten out of the say about it. Have they promised? I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad. I got my smile from my mom but my chicken's to my dad. I've got a body like a driving range mat. When it's cold outside, you can just hang your hat. I can blow in your ears if you left it. But you won't notice me to like get some influence. I need a sky who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and finding tissue. I'm not wrong. You need your pity. I've got a nice ass and girl like a kissy but I've taken a man with like a no-chiddy. I've got no tears. There's wonder of growth. Something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're an diving board. When I turned 11, I started to get cute. Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boot. I've got a nice ass and girl like a kissy but I can't get a man. I've got no tears. I've got no tears. I've got no tears. No tears. Oh, you're on the program. I always forgot for our good friend up at the FSU. Noble Dr. Ferracia. She has been leading me to golfing. What's the matter with lesbian golfers? Can't you tell we're really love hitting balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs, Bathroom Falls. We're a friend of the third chatty. She's the fan of the book. She's called Daddy. Muddha, that's five to the talk of all right. Still made it all to me. My favorite whole of doesn't have any numbers. A green color of fairway. You'll threaten because I'm a snapper. I play golf and I'm gay. You can't cut into 12 types. Let me go. Here's the only time to say that. I'm gay. Let's play healthy. You can't get a good call to me. And ride this race ticket. I'm on my face. I'm late. It's all to me. All right. One, four, ten, it's five, sixty. WQA. And we got that Goldberg show from the Yorkhanks club in the Belmont out there. Of course, this weekend. We got Donald B. And the talking baseball, six o'clock tonight. Donald Brendan. I'm sorry. Six thirty to pregame show. Marlins and Cardinals tonight. Any, uh, no. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay, sir. I got rock minus. You know, you got to pass over dinner. And, but at the time of the main answer, you say, if you had the, the Montzabal soup and all the craft, you're full. You can't eat them more. Yeah. All right. And the OJ thing last night. The best part of that was that lady at the end. Coming up to him and saying, Oh, Jay, never shake hands with murder or people. And we, and he, oh, thank you very much. I mean, he's so stupid. He's got a big smile on his face. I think he thought he was going to kiss his ass. I thought he was going to pull out a gun at it. It was unbelievable. You know, how sad is it that this son of a bitch is walking to Europe? Right. He's going out playing golf every day. And we got people down here think it's a big joke. I mean, people forget how brutally. I don't forget. It's so sad. It's that this system that this, SOB, Roy, Roy's, uh, buddy's walking around. Roy. Yeah. Exactly. There's Coke added, uh, double murder or in here, and welcome them with open arms. You know, right, part of our family. And she's, uh, sucking some duck on the couch there with the, and he's getting all pissed off on the phone. You heard that call. I guess I did. Yeah. I'm going to go in. And back to you. 5.6705. 60. Pond 5.6. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Okay. On this girl with this, uh, with this gun. What are these people think this is some kind of multiple choice or something? She can, uh, you know, she can make a decision with this guy. Hold that gun. Yeah. There, there, there, there, there, there. Run around the city of schools. Blowin' people's brains out. He shoots her in the leg for her. She's down here on the, hover in the, praying, I hope it. And I can't, she can save her life. praying is, would've been the right term to note out because she was one of the God squad. And, uh, evidently, God wasn't listed. He must status hearing a tune off at the moment because, uh, he asked for a stupid question like that. Yeah. People even got to the, yes, well, uh, maybe he can be with him now. Uh, that's it. First of all, stop me if I'm wrong. If a guy opens the closet up with a gun, if, if, if, and he asks you a question, you got a 50 50 chance you're going to be wrong, correct? Yeah. Okay. Now, seeing this as there's a couple dead people all they wanted around the hallway, now you're down to 30. Correct me. I stopped me from wrong. Now the barrel of gun smoking. Archie down about 10 minutes. First, I had to forget about that. But what, what about this line? She, she, she gave her life for a crush. She took a bullet for Christ. What kind of a line is that? She took a bullet for Christ? What kind of a lunatic? What kind of insanity? What kind of brainwashing has some little girl been subjected to? That could just be odd a line like that. She took a bullet for Christ. And now this guy keeps calling you for this bridge tender song. Why don't you just play it for this fast? Yeah. Okay. 56050505050 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay. I don't know if you saw Monday night on date line with the girl who drowned almost drowned when she was three. And they thought her on life support and the mother took her home. Now all the statues and all the paintings are dripping oil. Yeah, that's the MSHG. That's an old story, right? Oh, is it all the other? Yeah, there are loving this ear, right? Well, if they're parading people through left and right, thousands of people she's taking on all the injuries and diseases of other people. I've never seen so many lunatics in one setting. There's no one bishops in there and they can't figure it out. The American fucking wing, they did a test on the oil. It was 75% olive oil. They must be a bit of a lie. No, I got two sons. God forbid anything happened. I can't stand when the people come on. This is nothing. It's God's will and God wanted people. What kind of, I'd go crazy if I lost my sons. And you think I'd be saying, God wanted them. And that's I for crap. I mean, this is insanity with people. See, we've had this as, you know, shut down our throat. Right. I was one of them. All my wife growing up with my shut down by throat. I hate the Catholic religion. I hated, I despise it. I won't have my sons make any of these communions and all this bull crap. You know, we've just been indoctrinated and it's the easy way out. And I'm, I'm agnostic. I can't stand it. And I'm just so sick of being, we're just forced by this in every way, which way we turn in life. You know, it's the answer for everything. It's full. It's goal. We've got to stop this insanity. Okay. God bless you, sir. Come down. Five straight. Look at that stone man. They're really smoking. I'll tell you one thing. If we had one real call for every asshole call that we had today. We'd have been flooded with real calls. But we weren't. They're really in a smoking mode today, man. It must be smoking a good stuff. Five six seven even I got before with his bird tender crab. Tries a new technique today. Pretend he actually has something to say. And then he starts to song and dance with a bird tender. I feel really bad for the fact that there were so many lifeless people in this town. I mean, not much is having no life, but not even a hope of ever having a life. That's the saddest part. And we hear from them on a daily basis. Five six seven. Five six the pound five sixty on the AT and T line. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Okay. Great. Great talk to you too. Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello our last call. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. I got some Rocky Monus for you. Boy. I got some Rocky Monus. That's Redneck for Rock Monus. A Rocky Monus, huh? Yeah. Anyway. I don't know how old you are. But I'm 47. I grew up in a Jewish household, etc. etc. A good part of my life. I was heavy to say the least. And I just want you to know if you were willing to work for a half hour a day. You could make yourself a little bit better. Where is this coming from? I never came on a year today and today I think about losing weight. All I also, something I called about day health care. And I was talking about all the fat people I saw on a plane going to Vegas. Okay. You know, this is terminal. I heard that earlier. I met earlier and it didn't eat that hard. That's all I want to tell you. You know, because if I can do it. Sure. It is that hard. And absolutely positively is that hard. Well, if you're especially when you're addicted to sugar, you know, the people like you come on. I'm glad you had your success and talking about pop pop pop. Talk is cheap, okay. But in addition to sugar is one of the, it's worse than alcohol. It's worse than drugs. Well, but the thing is, is that if you, if you get yourself to the point where you're working out on a regular basis, you're not listening to anything that I'm certain about. Can you eat anything you want? No, you can't do that. Not when you're diabetic. Sure. You can't eat anything that you want. Please. I didn't spare me to pain. Okay. Spare me this tremendous pain. All the experts out there. Just like, you know, the picnic topic. And we got a minute and it's the experts who have no idea what they're talking about. 22 past one. There's not a call on this board. This is only the second of June. What did I tell you yesterday? Not only is it going to be a long and hot summer outside. It's going to be long and hot on the inside because they're not making any progress on the roof, I mean, with or without the crying chains or the drifters. Maybe we got a few drifters up on the roof. 567, 0560. We got any real colors out there this last 40 minutes. Some more waitin. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm waiting. And I'll sit here. Let's see. We got a four minutes to the break. I'll wait very quietly. I'll lean back here to the fan of floor fan. I'll be there. It's amazing to me how easily everybody's an expert. Oh, yeah. It's really easy. If you're just willing to do this and get on that thread, Melody. Right. Everything's easy. Everything's simple. Like I said, talk is cheap, especially when you have the idea what you're talking about. Which the public out there of course are expert at. What are we doing? Are we doing any of these people? Are we just putting them on our whole? Hello? Hello? Yes sir. Yes. I wanted to find out. I have a bad phone connection. Have you ever heard of it? I hear you. Okay. Good one. Here's another one anonymous. Hello. Okay. WQAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing man? I just moved here from Los Angeles. I've been here about six months. How do you do it? You've been here about 20 years? 24 years have been on here. Here's sir. What you hear today? This is what I go through virtually every day of my life. It's unbelievable. I could have been a contender sir if I got out of this. So got for second time but now I'm 12. I got to get out of here. Yeah. All right man. Good luck to you. You'll need a don't unpack. That's all I can tell you. Don't unpack. This is the armpit of the universe. What you hear is a mirror image of what this place is all about. 560560 pound 560 on the 18. You picked the topic they don't know from it. They don't understand it. They got nothing to say about it. But we do have the guy with his fructose out there. Don't forget about him. The fructose guy. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing sir? Okay. I'm talking to a talk to him. Uh huh. Hey. About this girl taking the bullet for Jesus Christ. Yes. Now it seems to me. Well maybe he didn't know what to say. You know, maybe she thought didn't know whether she was religious or she should say no. Or yes. What difference does it make it was a crazy kid that blew her away? What difference does it make what she said? They're absolutely right. He doesn't know what he didn't conduct a guy named Seminar with her. It wasn't a question here. He just shot her in a leg and he walked up to where she's laying their towering, fearing for her life. And he says, you believe in God that Jesus, yes, I do. And he says, now you can maybe you can be with him. Any bluer crappies. Okay. Well, this isn't some kind of a big convoluted or religious thing here. You're talking crazy kid shooting people. Right. But there are you and her has an example. There you are. They're making a martyr out of her. We're like a minister. I said on that same story this morning. They're missing. They're getting sucked in by the hype. And they're missing the terrible story. The loss of this young girl. You know what I want to ask you. I'm believable. It's pathetic. What I want to ask you is. I got someone in my family that it's so that it believes in God and health. That stuff. Yeah. There's always one question you always do that. And I think what it was. I always stumped them and they can't answer it. I haven't died to remember what that phrase was. That you always asked them all and they believe in it. You said answer one question. Yeah. Well, what was that question? I can't remember. I said, well, I'm not. How can I be here doing this show every day with this audience? That's the question. What is it? I wanted an afternoon. Oh. You want an afternoon for lunch too? And you eat in McDonald's. Just like the president? Yeah. You know what they put on their fries and Amsterdam by the way? Five, six, seven, five, 60. Well, they're going to be so bad. But other than that. I mean, any country that, you know, thinks John Revolta is an actor. What is that? What does that tell you? There's no hope. I mean, it's just lost, you know? How about taking a bullet for John Revolta? I like teaching quiet. And I don't need to listen to Bernie Fag. Party Frank, crying in my ear because I've made a few bucks out of a book I worked on. I thought this was a very dull, this is a religious thing. Was not fully, they held a big convention. Let me employ three. I don't like dealing with it. What about this thing? Oh, they were speaking in town. That they'd be a believer. He was kind of fun. Just to get out of my town. Speak in town. They got me believe in Frank Fag. They're pleading from side to side. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. So it's a now-and-brake scene. I'm a chair chair. I like that my tongue just is a feat. So it's a turn for now. Whatever I do, he'll forgive me. Oh, because now I speak in town. That makes me a believer. And I'm having fun. Playing around with my mouth. So now I speak in town. I'm a little bit scared. One great question. I'm not good at it. I have a tool for the math course today. It's not a good idea. So somebody's part 96 monkeys are walking by. Who don't even know that there's a radio station here. Lookin' like, oh, what's that? What's that in there? What, how much be the, hey, yeah, you know? Yeah. So anyway, thanks to whoever facts this to me from Palm Beach from the Palm Beach post today, because we don't get that paper over here naturally. Low-fat versus low-carb America's batter than ever, should we pass the bacon and blame the bad carbs instead? Let me just read a couple of short things. Very quick, 30 seconds. Some experts now believe that Asians rush to be the rush to reduce fat as made as a batter and thicker than ever. Obesity is risen by 50% since the post to cut fat from America's Diet took off 20 years ago. While we skip the eggs and cheese, we gorge on low-fat yogurt and lean microwave dinners and we gorge the lot. Fat free pretzels, cookies, cakes, pasta. If it was low fat, there was no limit no matter the number of calories in the number of carbohydrates. You have to ask yourself, says, Dr. Lee Fisher, a West Palm Beach family physician. When they take out the fat, they don't replace it with air. They replace it with carbohydrates. Sugar. It's those carb calorie semexbridge steak that are packing on the pounds that are making you fat and making you sick. I guess I mentioned it in passing, okay? 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. As we continue in our 19th hour today of our 25-hour marathon. Sure feels like it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. I heard on a previous show yours, you're talking about your diabetes and how it was useless to take your pills in the morning because it didn't make any difference. You had a great-for-life mid-morning correct? I'm diabetic also on glucofage and glucontrol. They recently put me on this, like, there's no balloon or a humaline or whatever. Inceline injection. And I'm finding that it doesn't have any effect either. They say keep giving yourself two more units a day until your numbers are low 140. Yeah. But are you on injections? No, no. Well, what do you mean yet? No, I'm not on yet and I could have a, I know. Well, that's good because that means you're watching your diet. No, I'm not. But you need to find another doctor's what you need. I mean, I can't believe that you're, what is your sugar when you get up? Are you taking your own blood sugar? Yeah, I do. Every single morning. My numbers are well-like today. They were like 224. Jesus. And I'm playing 21 units of insulin plus the glucontrol and glucofage. You need to do a thing. I'm begging you. Find another doctor. Trust up. Definitely wrong. What? I think something's definitely wrong. It's not many work and I'm telling you. But I get the feeling you're not listening to me. It's your, you're, you're, I mean, do you want to go blind? You want to lose your legs? I don't want to scare you sir, but I will anyway. Find yourself another doctor. Please. I'm begging you. You got a name for me? Well, I mean, you're up there and I don't know any doctors. Where are you? Well, I live in Carl Springs that go to a guy on Howard Boulevard. Yeah. Well, I'm giving a doctor marks number. Okay, give him a doctor marks number off your hang on a second. I appreciate it. Thank you. I mean, maybe he don't want to go all the way over the beach. Maybe Dr. Mark can give him a number or something like that. But this guy, he's online, whatever he's on. Six. I can't believe it. This guy gets, he's taken insulin shots and glucofage and glucotrol. And he gets up in the morning and his blood sugar is 224. Oh, my God. Here's a mobile and call spring, Sala. Good afternoon, yes sir. I just saw he comes to mind where my son was around 11. He had a friend from the court. We had a very religious Christian family. He came from a Christian family. Did he take a bullet for Christ? Of course, so it. He was telling my son where, which you wish, but not really. That's my heritage. But when he was on my son, God will protect me. It doesn't matter if or if I pray. And probably my son says, well, what do you mean? He says, watch. He's going to meet a couple of seconds. I'm going to pray to God and I want you to hit me. So I'll make some, give him a couple of seconds. Yeah. And if I tell him to play to the kid woke up and said, I guess I didn't pray hard enough. Right. So, you know, it's just the way the parents bring them up and all and just unbelievable. Any of. Have a good day. Thank you, son. Okay. There you go. Just put your hands together and pray. Okay. Because Lord, even though he just don't seem to be intervening, he's not answering very often. Maybe his line is busy. Okay. He's got a lot of people trying to get through. Which we don't. 560, 0560, pound 560s on the AT&T wireless line. I'll share the needle, banyu. Although I look, where the, I'm going to go. What would it do if I had or my boobs would do without having 560s? No. Do you get wrong when I scream out of the sun? Because I have my time being all keep keep being. Yes. I'm a hip-hop with a glass in my crust. Oh, I can't get up with this glass in my crust. Oh, I don't have to try with this glass in my crust. And you hold in your forehead and your body. I only have to pull my candy down. Oh, there's a thing in your body. Yeah, not conventional air, I could buy now. Can you see five just for the yellow line? Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or a guy. I won't live it, she may have just said it to me. Well, let me stand till I'm out of rehab 35. I get five with my glass in my crust. I get five with my glass in my crust. I don't have to try with this glass in my crust. Please, don't let this fall in. Here she is. She left through me by cherries. By cherries. You're a little too tall, I'm a little bit. Well, in this business, that's the most important thing. On my next five is print, it's in print. In place of my bread. Okay. One more, come on. One more. Thank you. Okay, 143 at 5.60, WQAM. 5.60, 505.60, on the AT&T line there. Conditioner working yet? No, no. Air conditioning people here yet? No. They up on the roof? No. Oh, there he is. Thank God for you, sir. Get with a good busy. Oh, thanks for showing off a day and a bye show, too, by the way. Well, at least thank you, be cool. Of course, he's up in New York, so he'll be cool anyway. At least Donald Brennan might be cool. Here's Miami, hello. Of course he works for a whole half hour. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? Okay. Yes, my work is in Tio's show. And my question to you, back to what you guys was talking about about the great I got shot and she was saying she got shot for Christ. Yes. My question to you, if you were here at gunpoint, somebody actually said, Chris, what would you have said? I would have said, don't shoot. That's what I would have said. Yes, they are. Yeah. Because you know what? A lot of times in life, everything happened before a reason. So, you know, in other words, you're saying that she got shot for a reason. And you really believe that? You don't skip the ability to get shot for Christ. He got shot for Christ. Right. You know something, sir. If that's what you believe, if that's what your religion is based on, that's some young girl in the prime of her life has to get blown away. Because Jesus wants another blood sacrifice, then you ought to get some mental help, sir. You need a psychiatrist immediately. And God saved this country from crazy people like you. Who the hell ever heard a comment like that? She got shot for Christ. Jesus wants your blood, baby. I mean, it's one thing with his blood sacrifice, bullcraft. That's not bad enough. Now, it's Jesus. I mean, what are they worried about? Video games and movies for us? Because this is what Jesus wants anyway. If he wasn't at these crazy people, he wants your blood. Take a bullet for Jesus. I'm telling you, that's going to be the new next year. This year we got two life, next year on a floor to license plate, it's going to say, take a bullet for Christ. Maybe in the, yeah, that too. How do you like that? But we're talking to crazy people here today. I mean, I heard that thing this morning. I saw that little girl she's like 14, 15 years old on there. Right there on my TV, sent in my big 60 to win Sony. Look at me in the face. And she says, oh, she took a bullet for Christ. And I wrote it down. I was so shocked that I actually heard this, this swill, this craft, this cock on. Coming through my TV speakers. And I come in here and I'm talking about my amazement and outrage. And what am I getting, oh, what, you know, everything happens for a reason. Maybe Jesus wanted her. Yeah. So all you believers out there, you're better watch it because Jesus wants your blood. Maybe Jesus is a goddamn vampire. You ever think about that? Oh, yeah. Maybe he's a blood sucker. Or maybe. Well, they wore those funny sandals, you know. Yeah. I said, blood sucker. There's no fact in the church. Right. Crazy people. Oh, yeah. Take a bullet for Christ. I mean, are you people are you, that brain watch, are you that desperately in need of a brain? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, my name's Eric Listen. I was going to tell you the story. I went to a Christian school. And it's not really the followers who are the bad people. It's the leaders. The sky was a pastor. He talked about a doctor in the end up that you committed a doctor. Yeah. He's a dirt pack. Anyway, he's Neil. The twins say hello. Okay. He's not. Eh. Whatever he said. What about does he talk about? Do we have any idea? No. Oh, identical twins. Maybe he's an identical twin. Like I said, they're all doing each other. Five, six, seven. We never had one call on it. Did we? No, no. One single call on the identical twin thing I mentioned before. Because no matter what you bring up any, it's very interesting thing. Everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy about cloning. And like I told you, there's been cloning going on by nature for a long time. There's lots of identical twins running around on loose. That's cloning. There's still different people. Here's their field B. Chillow. Yeah, you know, a Britney Spears has a set of twins there. Uh-huh. Yeah, where was God? There might be a real man. Minnesota's got some twins, too. And this is true. And we'll keep it. We'll keep it. We'll keep it. We'll keep it. We'll keep it. That's what I'm saying. I was God went to leave defense to miss the bus. I have to agree. All right. Thank you. Including what you're doing, guys. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 60 on the AT&T were the slide. She took a bullet for Christ. And we've got people calling defending that. I want to say something to my dark and plucking friends out there. Those five or 10 that I have left. I mean, it really. This is the biggest con job. And the substitute for equality and the substitute for education and as a substitute for a whole lot of things, the church thing was a great, you know, like throwing somebody a bone. Here's something phony that you can sync your teeth into. Just, you know, get on your knees and pray and do it real enthusiastically. You know, because you got that rhythm, you know, and do all that bull crap, that evangelical bull crap. Get on your knees and do it. And the prayer, too. And some of you got to like use a little bit of a brain and realize that it's just a scam. It's a lie. It's not a substitute for a real life, okay? Not a substitute for having a brain in using it. Whatever. I didn't hear him there. Oh, yeah. Okay. 560, 560, well a fan is going to allow him to back it to miracle like an anything. In fact, I feel like we're on the fan. Where's I'm is. Here's a mobile info. Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I think that these people are like a bunch of brainwashed people that just follow what everybody says. And I don't think that the shooting had anything to do with the Christ, during that crap that people want to shoot. The shooting had to do with a couple of crazy kids who had no respect for human life. That's what it had to do with it. Nothing to do with religion. And if it did have anything to do with religion, then God help us. If that's the kind of God in Jesus there is. I guess I'll, I don't know what the hell's wrong. These kids have the task a year. Shooting in all these schools and crap, but something got to happen soon. Can't you go like this? Okay. Good luck to us, sir. Thanks. God bless you. Good on your knees. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pond 5, 6, the on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in home state. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's up? If I was in that sense situation, I would say, if you were even God would say, hey, oh no. I would say, long live, middle and match on my dad. You know, if he gives like that, I don't believe in God. Yeah. And I would say, oh, no, but twins, the triplets and table, they're identical. You what? The twins and table, they're identical twins. Okay. Thank you. Whatever you just said. Okay. He said no and whatever. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Wow. Man, I'm telling you. That big storm that we had yesterday and the one again this morning, I guarantee you. I know it's getting close to the end of the year. I don't want you to panic or anything like that. But. What? What the end days are near. You can almost count them. Can't you? You can almost smell them. Here's mobile in dear field. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. You know, you seem like a nice guy at all. Why you so wrapped up with all this religion garbage? You know, I just let the people like leave them alone. Oh, yeah. I think you may have it backwards, sir. The religious nuts don't want to leave the rest of us alone. That's the problem. You could believe whatever crap you want, but don't try to impose it on everybody else. I'm not trying to impose on anyone. You know, I mean, I don't hear anyone. But what? What kind of kind of, kind of, say something real quick? I'm listening. Okay. I don't hear anyone calling you preaching their Jesus and this and that. I want just to leave the people alone. I don't have anything else to talk about. You have no time to talk about. You have no time to talk about all the time. But then why do you listen to the show? That's all I talk about. I never thought of a problem with the show. I just want to hear something else. And if you don't have a problem, how can I answer it? Listen to what you just told me. You don't have a problem with the show. And what? You want to tell me what to talk about. I talk this morning about the old jail thing that was on TV last night. Okay. Did any of these did I get any response to that? Listen. You're obviously if it tells him first thing. You're going to have a conversation or not. Here's how you tell me that's all I talk about. And that was one of several things I mentioned that I saw on the last 24 hours. Was that girl on TV this morning? Who made that statement? I mentioned that along with about 30 other things I've talked about today. And yet for some reason that this stirms you. Okay. And I got news for you sir. Since I got one person that's got the ball to talk about this stuff on the year. And it's gone over one country. I'm going to keep talking about it. Okay. That's great. But I don't calm down. We're just talking here. No, I'm just talking. You're telling me what I should talk about. No, absolutely. Why are you yelling at me? We're just talking about it. Because you don't make any sense. Because on the one hand you say you have no problem with the show. And on the other hand you don't like my talking about this. And you're telling me. And you're telling me. What do you like about the show sir? I like the humor in it. But I don't want to hear the release in every time I turn on the radio. I want you to talk about how old Jay's a ridiculous son of a bitch. What about that? Oh, Jay's a ridiculous son of a bitch. How old Jay's a ridiculous son of a bitch? Oh, Jay's a ridiculous son of a bitch. Come on. Turn up a little louder. Turn up a little louder. And hear the sound of your own voice. And he's squeezing himself right now. He's squeezing it real tight. He stopped his circulation. That's how tight he's squeezing it. Why don't I just ask him that? Did I brought up the OJ thing at the beginning? That's the number one thing I had in my menu the day since I watched the wasted 50 minutes of my life last night. Did I have a response? No. No. In fact, do I have a response that almost anything I ever talk about? No. So I'll talk about whatever I feel I talk about. And if I see something ridiculous like a little girl on TV saying she took a bullet for Jesus, you bite your sweet ass. I'm going to talk about it. And you make absolutely no sense. You sound like a moron the me sir. You can't it was not capable of having a conversation. You're a double talker. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. I like I said before. Talk is cheap except on this show. On this end. 742560 and not now this thing is the fan actually well worked fine. Thank you very much for the fan, Maddie, and whoever else. Changers. Are you exactly John Jones?