This is Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Water Dams Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Water Dams presents the Neil Rogers show who we're talking to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Rower or pound 560 on your cell phone The opinions of Neil his guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisition or the measly broadcast group now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-UAM I want to cool you in I want it to green it is a magic that you take so often to see green I'm gonna feel great in the green closed arms I'm gonna look like a big stupid little car I'm gonna hang out at the bar in courting Don't really like it but I really couldn't see me Then I'll cool down down to watch the big grey Everyone's happy but no one marching is gay And I'm gonna keep on drinking beer at good Outer than to the curb What I'm beating is we are all Irish when things pass today So we've put in a hate being this entry beer I'm on a street of girls tell the truth So I'm gonna be a girl That's what we're gonna do Hello Joe what do you know we need a hit so here I go Oh I'm dying out the air I started baseball famous streets that's not as old as gold That's the man and not a free jolten jolten mad I'm dying out the air It's not the market for the old I'd be like the first you know Since then he's hit a good 12 more Jolten jolten madio I'm cool to cook that's all you hear A girl who's the one man shows he's glorified With hot things Jolten jolten madio Jolten jolten madio He might get my mind He lived in baseball hall of things he got their global I kid will sell their kids his name Jolten jolten madio We train him up Jolten with the light from back Jolten jolten madio We want you on earth I'm dying out the air I'm dying out the air I'm dying out the air And nothing speaking with good laws of how they stopped their jolten One night in Cleveland, oh oh oh oh Good battery is tomato I'm dying out the air He's dead One of the worst one of the most prolonged one of the most dragged out deaths Thank God we had a little bit of a high of this young We had a little bit of a rest there I'm dying out the air He's dead One of the worst one of the most prolonged one of the most dragged out deaths Thank God we had a little bit of a high of this young We had a little bit of a rest there Huh? Can you imagine if they kept that thing up? Oh my god the death watch there has seldom been a death watch In the history of the human god damn race As long as the jolten madio The good news is though I had Stanley Kubrick in the office pool Ow Huh? That's our pool question today by the way They're dropping like flies man There's something going on and maybe you said why two cases? It's only March it's only the 8th of March But they're already dropping like flies all over the place they're dying or croaking up a storm I'm dying out the air And Stanley Kubrick that's our full question Can I smash macho? Who is the who made the greater contribution to the world? Stanley Kubrick one of the great filmmakers of all time in my opinion Or Joe D'Amazio That's the tough question Of course on this station asking that question Is like asking canas mas macho It would mural or a guilty that's like asking that question on this station Here's our first call of the week from sunrise hello Oh yes sir Okay Let's go to our first call of the week Here's sunrise hello See he got a long time ago drugs through through overdrive overdross This guy's got how do you like that this guy waited all week in since Friday Guess what pal? That's over with okay Frankie Limeon on the teenagers he's dead This must have been the jet gas that fact that you know sir I thought about that over the weekend very briefly in between the four speedings of Kubrick I thought about that over the weekend You are disgrace I mean it's nothing to have good taste at something to have bad taste you have no taste The eighth greatest recording artist of all time is Frankie Limeon and the fricking teenagers Better than aerosmith better than Elton John better than anybody by the way George Jones Bad car wreck he may be joined in 10-B-1 it pretty soon like I said they're dropping like flies Nice haircut by the way George Jones not you Okay, let's see if we can do that that was good. He's got all cute up goody goody by Frankie Limeon and the teenagers Can you can you believe that I guess I guess we have nothing should shock me at this point at this stage of my life By the way Maddie Bell I came up the elevator this morning with little Maddie Bell who's are what is he the these the general sales manager number two Division three something like that and I looked at him there in the elevator I thought you know I was wrong about him. He's not for feet tallies about three foot six Then he came in here and it gazed George I'm sitting in here with a door wide open I want you to envision this if you saw the lamb he show you know how the thing is set up here our broom closet Georgia sitting in this broom closet in there and his door is wide open and my door is wide over like you know a couple of feet away from each other And little Maddie Bell who I find is about two foot seven and that elevated almost stepped on a four-cent of a bitch The food Nazi and And in the elevator coming up for did he say anything to me about this big controversy we got going No, so it comes in to the spines people are so spirited as building they're all afraid of Neil they're all afraid of Neil God Adonning old-faggot like me and they're afraid of me. What does that tell you about them I mean he's a granite only two foot one Comes up to my ankle But wait till you hear what this big controversy's all about oh Christ Yeah, seriously I want you to stop and think about this all the things that go on in this place stay in and day out all the deficiencies all the lies all the bull crap They're big mouth and million dollar lawsuit with Wayne and the marms all the things that go on in this place. What are they worried about? Yeah, that's what they're worried about Oh my god, wait did you hear this one you'll I swear to God you'll pee in your pants and maybe in somebody else's too if the law allows I'm an attempt to ten at five sixty wqm heavy Monday to you God, I'm gonna I feel like I'm on dip store. I'll tell you why later. This place is stands for nothing I'm two sexy for my false skin two sexy for my false skin two sexy for our circumcision I'm two sexy for my false skin two sexy for our circumcision I am two sexy for a neck two sexy for my tip Two sexy for our yes, I am a maro catches me my stuff through my hand I'm a man laying my hands laying my religion my religion is clear through my hand Lager yes through my tablaid I am a two sexy for a tremor two sexy with one gym two sexy for my false skin I don't know for me is crazy. I don't understand your people you better off before you know how big it's going to get your boys going to grow up You're gonna have no place those thickens down one is not joining me 15. I won't mention that on the other George 10 15 at five 60 wqm It's a good thing they can hear this side of the thing I know when they're on hold Oh, oh, if I ever mentioned by the way that sales people are assholes. We got a new sales guy who's a real asshole. His name is Todd. What is last name Todd one? Not Todd Winick that's an undertod Todd. Direct direct. That's right good name form two by the way He is direct on legs good friend with fat boy by the way. How many recommended him birds of a feather suck together okay Todd you jackass Man, is this guy a loser but anyway, not the great letter to the editor in the hero today always check this out to make sure that I know you don't have time You got a busy life especially on a Monday morning You thought the letter to the editor the other day was great Wait to hear this don't do that. I'm telling you just wait till the next break and I'll tell you why You'll be gasping for oxygen if you I'm telling you don't do anything. I do what it's not the most unhealthy thing I'm telling you don't do it. I'm begging you Anyway, the headline on this letter says leadership proven from Anthony J. Marone or that Marone Maybe you know Jimmy Marone and the anchor's raceway Anthony Marone and dear field beach. Wait to hear this letter This again is a letter that the prestigious Miami Harold one of the great newspapers in America by the way So they think over there one hero plans this is the kind of crap. Let me say it again the cannon dig wood New York Daily messenger would not print this letter. It's so stupid. It says Political moves not with standing Former Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey would be an excellent president his year spent in the National Basketball Association and the Senate attested with honesty End of letter This this is a letter in a goddamn Miami Harold Let's start that I was so busy exactly His year spent in the National Basketball Association. I think that anybody who spent years in the NBA is qualified to be president. Don't you? There you go How much she keel huh? President check heal After all his last name is O'Neal Can't be all bad as in Neil on this lot of Neil and go on there in the oral office I mean I think doing this on purpose in fact maybe I've inspired them. I bet you they're making these things up like Tom jica makes up half of those things and is on the radio TV paying the book on Sunday. He makes most of them up I bet you they make these damn letters up nobody could possibly write something that in any and expect to get a published in a newspaper Maybe maybe like in the Plantation middle school newspaper, but I doubt it Here's for Loderdale hello Welcome to the short week for lettuce at the end of the night on my I vote for Sally Cooper Yeah, agree because I get these sports people pissed off okay because I know we're going to be here in all day long about jolting Joe The man's yellow mirror. I'll tell you one thing Stanley Kubrick never rang Merlin Monroe that I know that's true right people What do we remember Marilyn Monroe in history But the well, maybe they will play any family whatever's left of their remember The thing that I think is that these you know the thing that stands with the matcha says other than personality is this record of 56 straight Games getting ahead. Yeah, and I think that's not a probably stand because it'll be successful pitches until baseball finally disappears Yeah, but Kubrick has let the legacy of really great films Yeah, and great films are our art form it's like saying that some metal late day will you remember longer than they got and Spain You know, it will just go just won't work that way And I think that's so I my vote is the Kubrick even though I'm listening to QAN Okay, I got you down. Okay. Thanks, too Bye. Yeah, yesterday I'm watching CNN I was on a word that Stanley Kubrick had bit the big one And here's the thing comes on and they're showing of course right see I guess what they do like with the demagio thing They've been ready for months now. They had the thing by Gerrick ugly on CNN this morning One of those approfiles and you know because they've got already for months Come on die already so we can put this on here as basically what they're saying So anyways, Stanley Kubrick died his home north of London on yesterday he was 70 And they go through the whole thing about his early films and about you know 2001 a space out of it And then they get to a clockwork orange and they say and they just they just you know Just as you'd expect a mainstream media to do with the great movie like that And well, I was very controversial and he was you know turned on by many of the public and the critics So when it came out with a clockwork orange and later on in his career yati adiata set her on so on By the way Peter Sellers is dead. I just thought let's you know that Dr. Strain gloves Interesting thing a lot of people that were in movies that Stanley Kubrick made are dead now. What does that tell you? What other were some of the other ones? Oh here. It's got a whole list of killers kiss the killing pants of glory Spartacus with Tony Curtis I love you Spartacus. Yeah, that was a very homo erotic movie by the way Spartacus Of course, that's why Tony Curtis was in it Lolita oh that's that's what they said that's where his whole thing started changing with that Lolita thing That's where the whole approach is movie started taking a big turn. Oh, I'm sorry. You can play that Very linden the shining here Johnny Full metal jacket and eyes wide shut schedule for release of the last 16 with the anxious Tom Cruise With the much overblown Tom Cruise underline the blown part Stanley Kubrick dies just hours before Jotten Joe to Manjo. That's our pool question today long after Joe to Manjo has been His ashes have been buried there in Yankee Stadium out of the statue and center field. They'll be raving it. See they won't be watching Joe to Manjo movies But they'll be watching a clock or corn. Now Malcolm McDowell he's still alive at least. There's one for the good guys Of course to show you can take all those grooves and still stay alive And you can listen all that Beethoven even real loud and still survive it somehow My favorite scene in movie was then they brought open his eyes eyelids with a toothpicks Here's a mobile in poppin. Oh hello Yeah, sir the best the best Marine cord Joe Sergeant Full metal jacket. Yeah, the best computer hell The best that tire ever doctor strange one right and you know doctor strange love was was a summer movie It showed us the absolute absurdity of our our politics or cold war right and you know and unless you were from the east coast Most people never have to actually saw the Manjo ever do anything exactly But people are not you know start. I never saw them anything does I when I became a baseball fan about 1953 and already hung it up Exactly, but so many people have loved Kubrick's works. That's it's got to cover excellent choice. Thank you so much You're an animus all right, let's hear it Stanley cover heads and shoulders of some stupid ball player Oh, but he was like oh, it was the best thing seeing in this morning. I didn't know he croaked and I'm watching this see it in and they come under breathlessly Don't imagine always dead. Where they all well. That's quite shocking in it. And then the surprise no, you've been dying for months And to the get poor Kurt Gaudy out of bed, which curled us up there somewhere in Palm Beach County, I believe and again poor Oscar Gaudy just turned 110 by the way, sounded You know for that age not too bad almost coherent and it's obviously just dragged him out of the sack and this brought on CNN breathlessly says Well Kurt here's curled it out of you and answer the Yankees 1949 and 1950 and of course like that's a long time Kurt Gaudy known for being the red socks and answer and then for NBC for 100 years But then he writes started out with the Yankees and here's the one ask because who also they got to get on there? They're going to talk to Malay on I don't think so he ain't feeling too good red barber. No, I don't think so so they got to get old Kirk Gaudy on there And now here's Kurt Gaudy. How did you find out about this? Kurt, Kurt Gaudy can you hear me? Yeah, it sounded like one of our calls this morning on the worst day one of those interviews And then he comes on and well, how did you find out about how did they break the news? Why do your girls just told me? I mean the first 30 seconds of that interview when I used the word loosely was really embarrassing nice going air CNN Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir Mark and Miami. Yes, I got out of a coma from last week If I heard you correctly, which put me into the coma that broke Daniels is one of the top 100 influential talks Yeah, that I think he's in the top five. He's bubbling under But Neil I think it's that wax that he's got all heated up. It's bubbling under her. Oh somewhere in the major info Yeah, I adore fuel Henry. Yeah, this guy is a genius Even if not, he didn't make the list. I know even though the blockers magazine and Walter's table and all these Ancillickers this little mutual admiration society allusers they got I'm I want my name retracted from the list by the way I want out of there even with a lobotomy fill hand even with the lobotomy book Daniels couldn't even hold couldn't even I'm going to take us something because I worked with the bill for a couple years Still a Henry could fart and it was funnier than anything that verb Daniels could ever say in her life. Okay That guy went when you three when you guys were on you Rick and studs and go Henry that there was nobody that could touch you I don't know why anybody screwed with the line up why they got rid of Phil that I would listen to The time I got up to the time I you know basically got off. It wasn't incredible because the cops people didn't care about They didn't care about people all the care about with their goddamn bottom line. I hope they rotten hell up there in Atlanta I hope that bot meal gets a bad bullet rid of you get something that rhymes with grips for the rest of his life and never gets off the pot Little two-faced line piece of crap. Okay. That's not all the other people in this business sir 95% I'm serious 95% of our full of crap This is a crap business. Well, I got out of my coma from that number two. Yes, sir What is this obsession with with you know keeping these old people alive? You know that was 80 years old and on the brink of death That was 85 years old he had a long-out he was changed smoking all his life those goddamn cancer sticks I mean they put dogs and you know they'd at least have you you mean A ways of treating that they should like my other doctorate Joe to measure if you would come out one day Oh, I had input away I had input to sleep. I would rather be put to sleep than to be put to that measure being kept the line Right, that's ridiculous right number three. Yes. I have heard of Briefly you talk about Tom like us and I was doing some channel searching the other day Yeah, I heard him he said he lived in Kendall So you must have worked with him or some did you not I don't want to go through the time like his story again here because he lies about it She was teeth they brought him in here when I went from my WNWS to INZ they brought him in to be the replacement He came in here thinking he was a big shot. They pre-empted me on INZ the first rating book for a world series and playoff baseball almost every night So he beat me the first book in right away. He's making a big song in a dance. He's a big star the next book. I has seven sheer He I had a 7.1 sheeria three point And shortly after the book came out he got in his car put all his possessions in there took off seriously It's a true story in the middle of the night took off her Phoenix didn't bother telling anybody was leaving leftown never to be seen again That's kind of like oh and have a great day serving. It's a craft business By the way the guy that came up to need to hockey in the other day But but but but but you know can I sit down for a minute the guy with his pants jingles My hearing is fine sir this guy sits down between periods jungles off to a cruise the crowd in the hall or whatever He's doing and this guy comes over and I'll come out if I sit down I'm fortunately I said yes because I'm weak and He's leaning over and talk he's like as far from my lips are from the microphone and intranet half he is to my lefty Okay, wow, you know those jingles And couldn't get rid of this man for love or money Rod Stewart rock bad boy is also a bad husband and now he's on tour to help pay off what's gonna be one hell A big divorce I'd rather road because he doesn't have a place to go home to anymore He's a Rod Stewart the legend you remember the story about having his stomach pump now. He's about to have his wallet pump Only we've got a corn car see Rod Stewart live in person in depth on stage and I'm a hook for half of everything he makes Rachel's not gonna be some and neither should 33 at five sixty wqm we got Hank from Schuola steak to it to a clock book shambi with a big Why do you know when you're big and fat like he is you can't do more than like a half hour to time and I show either he's the one six to six thirty six thirty We got to pregame Panthers at Montreal that I plan to frog Z I could make some comments about I'll say that for later. Okay, I'm about the a panter situation and about Brian Murray B. M in the organization Using his propagandizing tools in the media once again. Oh, it's the fans fault the fans in the media and all new people The other ones are responsible for Ravi need to be our poor robby the media to people in a print media and a broadcast Just you're the ones that are putting all the pressure on poor robby and that's why when they introduced him in the starting lineup on Saturday At the macarina. He was booed the worst I've ever heard a panter pair player booed in the six years We've had a team booed mercilessly and they started the game And was totally useless throughout by the way The VN comes up with this notion again. I mean, are we dealing a lot of bunch of little children here or we deal with Professional athletes that are making a million dollars a year expected to go out there and do a job of it Highly touted by the same people who are now protecting them Who tried by the way to trade them desperately before this season started anybody remember that anybody remember? Oh, yeah So somebody faches me all the Stanley Cooper stuff by the way One of the most consistently interesting filmmakers of last 30 years Stanley Cooper to see his work praised and Dan with equal vigor Just as a singularly brilliant visual style as one I'm great acclaimed his unconventional sense of narrative is often elicited critical score Above all he's remained a unique artist and me why they didn't like to dialogue in the 2001 Above all he's remained a unique artist and meeting dominated by repetition and imitation If his ambitious vision as a times exceeded his capacity the satisfied the demands of mainstream filmmaking this chink I don't know he was trying these this chink and his eight his aesthetic armor only serves to a highlight The distinctiveness of Kubrick cinema for men of the thought it said is atheistic Well, I must have been atheistic to put out stuff like Lolita and had goddamn clockwork orange Yeah clockwork orange adapted from the novel by Anthony Burgess no critic could take an uncommitted stance toward this film about a violent and a moral punk Alex Malcolm McDowell who's ruthless behavior is reconditioned by the equally diabolical state Kubrick's camera moved with audacity unrivaled and contemporary cinema and his reputation as a filmmaker in total control of his craft was firmly established We got pages and pages and pages about a clockwork orange in about Dr. Strane's lover How I learned this not boring and loved the bomb and about Lolita, etc. and so on One of the great filmmakers in the history of the human race is died and who are they worried about effing Yoda magio? That's what's worried about on this station. They would know Stanley Kubrick from Stanley J. Colin. That's the problem here 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line phones are as dead as Yoda magio and some Stanley Kubrick So anyway getting back to the big concert Thompson is joined today Some said here this morning about the quarter ten I've already seen little Maddie Bell the food Nazi on the elevator come up this morning Doesn't say anything to me the usual nice of these you know have a nice day how do you weekend that the you know that stuff So it goes in there with George and I heard bet that that that that doesn't come anywhere near me What's the big controversy well, I mean it was a third year Friday morning that we played this tape we played the This tape orgasm tape Well come to find out that this was done by somebody who works in a club that I guess is a Sponsor by power 96 and by getting warm so far and they were paid are you ready for this? This is the same station that can't afford bumper stickers that gives us no promotion that pays all the underlings like two and a half bucks an hour that can't pay their bills This is the same station, but they paid somebody to do a fake orgasm and I'm sure that most of the guys in the audience though that you know They can get 20 of those for free So we've played it on the air the other day on on a wear of those so many comes down here to a B.C. George doesn't come to ask me what I'm not played again And the reason they don't want to play it against because the person who did this recorded this fake orgasm for power 96 I wonder if part of the people from the morning show was getting a encouragement while she was doing the recording All can't say which one but at any rate So they they pay the matalancy and now they heard that we played it on this show. They want QA end to pay a matalan Fist for fake orgasm Yeah, so will we please not play it anymore. Okay, we won't play it Well, no, I'm not gonna well, I mean Jesus Christ anybody could go Like that I'm gonna pay somebody for that no freaking way man This is the controversy a WQM. This is the place. It's got a lawsuit. It's flying They got all kinds of serious stuff going on. They're worried about some bitch that wants a talent baby because you did a fake orgasm I got a news for if every bitch in the world that did a fake orgasm is getting a talent for you And the women of this world would run a goddamn universe right now Crazy crazy crazy people 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line we're just gonna play we're get back to 13 Friday shows again. Okay play a lot of good music We can always play yeah Where's the feeling in this audience we're just gonna realize you he's dead I'll be his people and he's pretty human race anybody in this audience care on your sports station Oh anybody all fired up and pissed off about it in the emotional Oh, go into services about it now. I'm gonna proh he's playing probably playing center field right up there and have it right now He's right up there with babe Ruth Lou Gehrig He is he's up there right and vinegar bed my zone who croaked by the way a couple of weeks ago they're dying like flies man All those great dead jobs in the sky they're doing it Kathy well it sucks So what else is new Get pasted Call theym motley idol 들어� made source world Oh, here's a mobile phone. Hello, Neil. Yes, I did pick me up so quick. I had the only guy gone on. It's another one of those days. I had it on the floor. Yeah, I see the handwriting on the wall. It was like Daniel. It was on the floor. I had to pick it up. In the phone too, yeah. Yeah, I'll vote for Kubrick. I think the man just somebody to be admired. Yeah. Well, because he was a good ball player. It liked so many people in the United States. We, you know, he was turned into an icon for whatever reason. That's turned into a wall. So what does that mean? Well, how do you turn somebody to an icon? It's true to media. And so, you know, to high to fall player. I know. It's a great fall player. And, you know, he's got a record in a couple of records. But, what's the big deal? I mean, you know, Stanley Kubrick was a great director. I had it. Nikki Manel's dead. Roger Marish's dead. Lot of great, you know, Lou Gehrig's dead. Babe Ruth is dead. Lot of great people are dead. Lot of great people are dead. Right. But what's what? What was 2000, one of space audits, the All-A-Palinian. The audience dead. I don't know. I don't know. There was a little photo in Alekshow. Yeah, it was here right. It was very pseudo. Clockwork orange was. I had trouble following the dialogue. What dialogue? Exactly. Yeah. And, you know, I'm out of material. Meal. The other amount of the clockwork orange, you know, the one that first came out that movie had an exorating. And so a lot of theaters, the mainstream theaters wouldn't carry it. And an exorating because all the violence in there. No, I think there was a scene. They had to cut out. I think they had to cut out a part of the rap scene. What is it like? It was 30 seconds or less. It made it an exorated movie. Yeah, but it wasn't. I mean, but yeah, but we still saw Malcolm Eggdall's penis. We see worse stuff in that on TV now. Yeah. But I want to watch a clockwork orange tonight. Excellent. And, uh, meal. Yeah. In closing, Todd, I've got your pump. Would you come get it? I like the wee. Yeah. Does that what this guy said? I like the wee. Something like that. Then there was a scene where they, you know, the woman at the old bang that had the rocking ceramic penis. Isn't that what he killed her with? I think it was plastic, filled with water. Who was a rocking ceramic penis? What do you know about it anyway? I've seen it a hundred times. Yeah. I've seen it fifty thousand times. And the movie I saw a couple of times, too. Yeah. She had a rocking ceramic penis this crazy bitch. Okay. She was doing her ballet. She was in her tight. Get off the cat lady. Yeah. Right. And the cat lady. She deserved to get it. I would love to be. Anybody that loves cats is full of my book. The disgusting vulgar creatures. Anti-social anti-human. People, people that dogs don't like. They, they turn the cats. And dogs like almost everybody. So if you're a cat person that goes to show you, you're a real loser. Here's a couple of red. Chelo. Got a hate cat. Yeah. I would love to admit it to your countries then. Well, I got one you can have real cheese. No, I got one myself. No, I wouldn't give my dog away from nothing. Okay. I'm going to listen to your show last week and you're talking about the greatest bands and all that stuff. Yeah. I think you're lying in a teenage years number one. I was a couple of the weekend. A little too young for that one. But I do have a question for you. I watched a show on, I think it was E and they, they spotlighted grandfather's railroad. Yeah. And they were good. Man. They were a pencil. Yeah. They were awesome. And they were a tricky liner. Really? No. I'm just giving a zets to that guy to put Frankie Laman in there. They should, they should have been right in the streets when it's got called a show on Friday with that idea or facts over that stupid line. I never saw anybody get that much airtime. You really talked to that guy like what's going on? Yeah. I mean, he was, but he knew what was going on. I kind of blew these on. He knew his stuff, but he was a little off-base. Where would you put the graph on the first of all? Let me say that the guy wanted to reduce it to a discussion of how many hits so he had. Well, if you want to reduce it to that, then Connie Francis must have been one of the top 10 recording hours. She's because she had all crap load ahead. This guy's somebody's got a lot of hits. Doesn't make them a great recording star. It was about the BG. There you go. There you go. What a tragedy that is. I'm telling you, where would you put them now? You might see them first. Put who? Uh, Grandfunker. Top 20? No. No. Top 50. I'm going to watch that show again. Oh, they had a good time. I know why I put BG, the BG's back in guide Dam in the back of the plane. That's right. They come on America worst. They deserve each other. But you keep passing. That goes to show you how you guys are fallen by the way. The give boys got a fly in America worst on a chicken quater line like that and take up the whole first class and have the airline make up stories to make you guys a bunch of big shots. And boy, I'm telling you that. Well, we walked through that first class cabin. There was that smell. That's stench in there. I shouldn't know. It was the guide Dam BG's. We have an open line in anywhere. You name it. We got open line. Maybe that's what we're going to do today. One at a time. Number one day at a time or two on call at a time. It's going to be slow. It's Monday. Plus, I'm driving to work this once like a holiday where they held everybody go. I think they'd bail out man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Maybe they had maybe they were pressured. Maybe they're all their way to Joe Dees funeral. That could be it. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, Neil. You know, on the sacred circle downtown. Yes. I got a great idea. Yeah. Here's what we do. We have the guy who owns the land. Donate the land to the Indian. Give it to the Indians free. And they fill the Jai casino downtown. Bless me. Yeah, okay. We're working on telling the mayor. Tell me your penis. I will. But you know what he said? I like the wee wee. Uh-huh. Yeah, they counted their strapped her money. Maybe they can't buy a fine money for this and they can't find money for that. They're really tight in my image going bankrupt in the county as a whole. That's what the nature's got. But hey, they're going to have the money to pay this developer to buy the circle. Because we got to preserve our rich history here in South Florida. By the way, the hero, which is always screaming about, you know, all the device to listen to community and always bending over back with the pandor to certain elements. What, they got a special, a whole pandering section yesterday. And by the way, your anti-Semitism is really shown to you. Why doesn't the headline just say, we're taking over now. We. As if, as if there's Cubans over there that are running here letting know the night ridder people were Cuban. And guess what, the Cuban still hate you. I hate to break the news to you. They still hate you like poison. A vanishing political force, South Florida's Democratic condo commandos are dying out. The son would yell like he writes that. That's what it says right there. Ovalon condo, Democrats, fades as South Florida political force. Jewish political power has declined overwhelmingly in the county. And a great deal in Broward. The power in the county is Hispanic is what it's in. It is not democratic. They would public in this conservative, it's a fascist right wing thing is what it says. And it goes on and on and on. Which I'll get into later, okay? As the Harold once again continues doing their best. And by the way, I think I can speak for a lot of Jews. We're very proud that we're not responsible for what's going on politically in this town. We can leave that to somebody else. It's home with you, I'm looking at you. Exactly. Especially what's going on in date county. You call that politics? Here's a mobile in Tamarack, hello. Mobile in Tamarack? Hey, man. Yes, sir. Hold on, I was just getting a car. How you doing? I'm proud. Take your day. Lots of time today. Yeah, lots of time. We got another stupid ball game tomorrow. No. Yeah. Well, it's better than watching a no playoff hockey team. Yeah. Anyway, something's going on that you need to hear about. I don't know if you know about it. If you noticed that on the i95, they're changing some of the signs. No, no. No. They're making a bigger approach. They're making a bigger approach. That's what the blind people, that's right for the people that can barely see that have life. Yeah. Instead of telling you, you know, how to drive, they're making the signs bigger. Right. At the risk of the lives of everybody else on the road. Yeah. I mean, it's ridiculous. It's the mentality down here. The condo commandos are taking over. No, you're wrong. We're kind of a commandos you're dying. Are you better get the Harold Pal. You're way behind the times. Condo commandos are dying out. This guy doesn't understand it. It says right here, Jewish political power has declined overwhelmingly in Dave County and were great deal in Broward said veteran South Florida political consultant, Phil Hammersmith, who had tributes the vanishing number of condo voters in Dave County to white flight. Hammersmith was moved from North Dayton, Western described as a silly joke. The election year ritual of judicial candidates, slipping to North East-day decree favor within elective with it no longer really exists. The power in Dave County is Hispanic, Hammersmith said. It is not Jewish. It is not democratic. It is Republican. It is conservative. And that is growing larger while other groups are growing smaller. How do you like that? So the Harold wants you to know the good news. The Jews are moving out. They're dying out. They're dying breed. And all of us. That's what they're saying at the hell. All of us, Cubans. We're taking over. It's our turn now. Are the Cubans violent? No. They hate the Harold. They wish you would die at the Harold. They hate you like garlic. That's a goddamn Harold, okay? And you're still bending over backwards. They got 15 counterpractors on staff over there because they're branded backwards. So God, they have much to pander to a constituency. That number one doesn't buy their newspaper and number two. Hate them like poison. But short of that. So when I read you that great letter to the editor from the hero bottle. About Bill Bradley and how he's qualified to be president because of all of those years in the NBA. So we know we can trust them. There you go. Just like how about latrine's free well, okay? Let's make him goddamn president. We can trust him to choke it and speak in the choking by the way. How about that nanny story coming back on 60 minutes again. Last night again. Oh my God. See they're desperate. They're desperate. You know what? And of course, there's some of the other ones like him. I said, you see, they're still clinging your rapist rapist. You know, he's a rapist. Baba. But you know, but short of that, they got nothing on because this other thing is over. Somebody forgot to tell some of the people it's over. But the impeachment is over. So we got John today and now we got the nanny back. I wouldn't be surprised to allow me for OJ comes back. Yeah. We'll find another goddamn glove or some other bloody goddamn thing. Here's my nanny. Hello. Yes, sir. Excuse me. I don't believe that you like a clockwork on. Why not? The great one of the great movies of all time. I come from Britain. We still are an all-out to see it over there. Still banned. Oh, you have a lot to do anything over there. That's true. Yeah. I do a radio show in a national talk show and I can't forget away. There's no freedom because you have no freedom. You have no first amendment over there. You're a bunch of pretty cices over there. And the amazing part of it is on radio. They can't say anything over there, but the BBC. If it's a nice thing, I can't believe it's on the BBC. That's okay. Because it's a government scene. Yeah. You changed my life. You made me the most find a broad cast for radio history in Great Britain. Really? Yeah, because I had a type of you on wins. Have a long ago that was right. It changed my life for now. That's what I wanted to do. Good. And we're not really liking it over there. I don't blame you as much of a constipated jackass in over there. Who refused to grow up. I'm serious. The British are silly people. You know that. That's why they're still hang on this royalty crap. I can't believe by the way, you don't get starving over there. And they've got millions and millions and billions of dollars in the guy. They're still crying and ran and ringing their hands about poor guy. Then Diana. What the hell did Diana ever do? She spent a head down and looked up through the head. Yeah, right. And then the queen, she nodded. She wasn't that bloody, yes, we were there. The old bag nodded there. Like, oh, there she is in a box. The queen gave her a nod. I was trying to satisfy the peons out there. The dumb masses. I want to be at a university where they filmed the clockwork on. Yes. And you know where he's lying on the bed and there's this wooden chair that's right next to it. I was out there stating that room. Wow. That's my room. Wow, how about that? I can't believe you don't get calls by the way. On my show, I guess it's an embarrassment of riches over here. People don't actually know what they've got in your shirt. But of course they don't. They're a bunch of deadheads. They're terrified. I'm going to tell you a story in a minute about people. They're all scared of me like a bunch of pussy. Well, listen, say hi to the queen. Okay. Tell me, oh. You can kiss my rear end. Finally, emotion, beecher has been made that's hazard. No minute did for their academy. Or for this foreign language film. You must see this twer to your bed. This twer to your bed. From a clean director, Bouchard del Aquar. Based on their fame novel, An fatful deputy by Edward de la maison. It's fire, but a short story, poor fool, Reconetre by award-winning Gauté Jean Pierre Gâteau de la Boudille. Based on original key paintings discovered in the part of Ussier La Faison. I find archaeologists sharp to bear me. He's proud to share their winner of the Medallion-specificity At the first time in the USSR, he's proud of cinema. I'll be happy to be part of this sub-in-air in this breakthrough as an humble club. He's proud to your bed. Jean Ciscord calls, We start to do your bed at two different in the same thought still making genre. Roger Ibert, proclaims it to be the most gripping of story since George Puevello. Hello, I'm Robert Gilles, Artique original with Pierre Routil. She free lions says, I have no clue what the L-any of you are talking about. Is there anyone who speaks English around here? Come see, the sleepy little hit of the spades. This is why I'm Jewish in there. Now playing at the classes, six monthly plaques. Right across from the big cookie shop. It's 11.03.5.60 WQM. Very deadly Monday here this morning. Looks like everybody bailed out on us over the weekend. I mean, joking was a good player, but come on. I don't know. You're any grounds for all of the most of the people in the audience would know Joe to measure. If they stuck his body in their bed right now, they wouldn't know who the hell it was. I mean, quit. Even though he was only ugliest people in his team and kind of very easy to recognize, but nevertheless, he quit baseball before most Americans had TV. Right, that's right. And so I think they're doing some kind of similar to him. What is the big deal other than Simon and Garfunkl, made a bad mistake, a stick in his name and that guy, and that's what's the big semis with him? I know. I mean, I'd vote for Stanley Kubrick's duty day. Right. I mean, he made movies and a last forever. Right. And so, once you're going to break Joe, he's... Then, and even if they don't, who give the crap? Right. I mean, he was only one of, on one of 16 teams. I don't think he had all the candle-looking Mickey Mantle, and he's dead two by the way. Oh, it's so good Martin. Right. And Roger Morris. We're rocking all of you. Okay. All right. Yeah. They're getting pissed off about this now. They're getting fired up and pissed off about it. Even though we haven't had anybody called, said they give a crap about Joe to measure. That'll be later on. You know, I know that Hank is got all the styles about Joe to measure. He knew him. He interviewed me, drag out that interview tape again. And that's fine. You know? Because it's a sports station. And we're supposed to be upset. He was an icon. Well, what is it? It's an icon. Well, what does that mean? It's a little thing you click on to make a program work on. Yeah, right. They get click your icon. Click your magic icon, Froggy. Come on. Isn't that what they used to say at a busted brown show? Yeah. Click your magic icon, Froggy. Can't say twang or no more. Here's a call from Dunedon, hello. Hey, Neil. I'm on one of those pictures from Tampa. Yeah. One time ago. Yes, sir. I just picked up on the internet about a month ago. I just want to tell your listeners that don't call you over there. And when I do get shown the internet, I have to skip work. I come home. And I get this warm, fuzzy feeling. Mm-hmm. I miss you. Me too. But by the way. Yeah. At the anniversary last week. Thank you so much. All right. It's a pleasure here. See you all in my good friends over there. Okay. I won't take long about five minutes. All right. Thank you. See you at the Delhi. See you at the Delhi over there in Tampa. Boy, what a nose picking place that is. The apologies in some of these. Any of you poor bastards. Any of them. And including the people in Fort Myers. Who have to live on a West Coast. The West Coast of this state man is one of the most gross test places. I'm serious. Stop and think about it. The entire West Coast from. What's the the big deal with the beautiful beaches up there on the curve on the. What is that place? Come on for quite a hand over. Yeah. Where there were curves. Where there were the. The, it's a coldness. Not the pentacola is not where the thing. Current pentacola is way the hell with their in the pan handle. I'm talking about where the state got a big on beautiful beaches there. But you go to the beach there and is all these religious nuts. All these big bust loads of religious nuts. Haven't their revival meetings there. Man, crazy people up there in Panama. And then and then you go from there all the way on down clear water in Tampa and. The St. Peter's bird where there are the grand parents of the people in. And they live in the St. Peter's bird. And Brad and Grant parents to the people in St. Peter's bird live in. And they're grandparents, women, so they're a soda. And their illegitimate brothers and law live in Venice and river view and for Myers and Naples. Oh my god. You know what it is over there? The problem just like it is here according to the Harold. Too many guy. That's the problem. You show me a place that doesn't have some balance. You can go to a place that's got a stale. You can all know you can smell it. Drive through there, man. You just drive up by 75. Be sure to keep your windows shut real tight. And smell it. The death. Too many guy. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Listen to what I'm calling to rip the stone show that was on Friday night. Let's hear from all those people who like to jury enter the stone's Friday. Okay. Well put it this way. But to take a 35 minutes when they went on stale five months ago, we were stuck up in section 414. You could not hear the sound. It was a total rip off on the bottom floor. People love the sound. And people above were all like, is this for real? I mean, it was just like, oh by the way, you still can't see the goal light to the hockey game. Go home. She'll okay. But it was overrun in fact. I like to get some names for some complaints. That would be ticket master. You'd be calling Mark Bradley at all their numbers. And he calling the main office of the National Club Recital Center. 835-8000. Once again, we want to thank the National Club Recital Center. We want to thank ticket masters. We want to thank she rolling stones for posing the general public. And for those of you who really were up there on the top and said to yourself, can you hear that? Please call and come on. This is not the first show that's been a problem with right now. Right. Well, I guess. Well, I really appreciate it. I hear many people calling for distant shows. And that's all I got to say today that pissed me off. And I'm bad. I'm bad. Okay, glad you had a good time. There's a guy really enjoyed the stones. God, who sucked for where he sat. At least I got to level on the PA real nice for the hockey games. Of course, the games themselves suck pretty bad. And you can't see the goal lights anymore. But now you're nitpicking. Overline today, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T world of slime. Don't let me forget by the way that's how my story about Todd and about some of these other food assholes out there. I thought you were back to know you're a cop. What fast? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We found for me a ramen. I was no more just wasted time. What the hell was it? I was going to say, get some deep on the sea. And run away. Wasn't going through reason. I thought you had a late guy. No sound at no safety nets. And another 24 for you to go, playing a little waste of time called the unknown. You're going to show the bus. I said to move a close to the second person. Almost senses my first order. I said to no one to report. We're in this moment. I needed to observe. And then we're school. And I'm at the state of the earth. That's because it runs well. We're going to make this line round these days. We're the time. Let the students run no panic. We're going to make this line round. We're going to make this line round. We're going to make this line round. We're going to make this line round. It's 114. 10.5. 16. WKM. So, Kyrr. Dolly. Dolly. What's he doing? Huh? Delia. No. That's not how you pronounce it. Are you crazy? Yes, I am crazy, but I think that's right. Delia. Kyrr. Kyrr. Delia. No, that's not right. You know, it's not how you pronounce his name. He was in 2001. Now, what else was he in? Like, one other movie, but I forget. Here, yeah, we reminded me of. Remember Bruce Davis and who was in Willis and Willis and Willard and Willard? Well, that's, you know, not he Bruce Willis. Yeah, he'd be playing for the next. It was in Willard. Remember him? I thought I would put their acting abilities on about the same par. You know, kind of like strains. It was played like real strains of bizarre. Kyrr. Dalyas, isn't it? How did you pronounce it? Delia. No, it's not Delia. That's what I know. God, almighty. My guess. Leave Delia alone. Here's a mobile and four-laternal. Hello. Mobile and four-laternal. Going once. Going twice. Bye, oh, boy. I ain't even left town this weekend. I died around there. I was here to even realize it. Dr. Shavago. Dr. Shavago, he was in Kyrr. Dalyas. And how do they pronounce his name? Come on. Somebody tell us how your pronounce his name is not Delia. Okay. If anybody calls you and says that his last name is pronounced Delia, I'm going to get up and walkin' out. I can't be. That's stupid. Can I? Here's a mobile and important V. Hello. Please don't make fun of our piezons from New York. Like Joe Di Maggio. Or a machino. Or Robert DiMiro. Or Maul and Brando. Yeah. Or Vito Corrio. Yeah. You can make fun of top show, too. Or Maul and Brando. Or Salotzoya. Yeah. Please. Leave show. What about Warren Viti? What? Okay. We have an open line in a Broward 2 in date. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Delay. Per Delay. Well, I was closer than you were. Yes, Delia. Whatever. What kind of a candy sounded? How's Mr. Delia doing? That's just really bad. Here's a pay phone in the 4-Laterdale, huh? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir? Are you done? Okay. Real quiet. Neil, you got a live and you got dead. Is there any in-between? Meaning what? Well, I mean the first time I would know Roosevelt ever meant to be. Were you alive? No. Then you must have been dead, right? So why do people say before I was born as the saying? I don't know. Why don't you take a survey and call us back in the other snow, OK, sir? I never really thought too much about Eleanor Roosevelt Masterbating when he came right down to us. Two open lines in date, all of Broward, 700 open lines, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Deadly. Here's a wise tester. Hello? Oh? Yes? I'm doing Neil. I got a hand of virtue, my own. I'm celebrating year of listening to you. Well, listen, that's weird. I can't believe it. I'm 360-chisel, but I've been here in my own life. I actually stumbled across your show because your station does no promotion. Right. That's right. We can afford to be paying some gratitude to some club to do a fake orgasm. I don't know. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to say six, but we can't afford to go on doing a promotion. A billboard, anything. A puppet, a sign at the goddamn Lincoln Road, mall, nothing. So you asked something they write? I mean, it's just really, it's a, there's a whole thing. Every time I think about this place, I get so deep fresh. Every time I think about the people that I work for. And I'll absolutely dull and retard it. They are dull and retard it. And you can't tell them anything. They got all the answers, baby. And they walk around in a state of denial. Greg Reed actually believes, you know, there are people who tell somebody stories that they begin to believe them. That's Greg Reed. He comes from a small crab. He believes his own bull crab. He really does. And I think you believe that that bird because, you know, he more gentleman here. But yeah, that's beside the point. Well, anyways, you were talking about cats before. I never dreamed that I'd work for anybody. Then you have to go to court every time you need to get paid. But anyway. That's not good. Or your relationship, you know. Anyway, you were talking about cats before. And a couple years ago, I would have agreed with you. I couldn't wait to get my hands on a cat to do something bad. Yeah. But the buddy and my move the way a couple years ago, and he left me a cat in the indoor cat. I hated the animal. I wanted to get rid of him. I wanted to get in everybody I knew. I knew nobody would take him, you know. And I treated him in everything. But that cat grew up in the field. He wanted to do it in my life. And then I was just, I was like, Oh, I was a human being. You know, I have some life now. Oh my god. I hated cats before, but that's you had one that you lived with it. I'm telling you they are very affectionate. They're very sociable. It depends on the animal itself. You know, they're a different than that for the reality. Whatever you say. I mean, you should play a bit. I think it's called a nilarite or syndrome. I haven't played that in a while. You think you can play that? I'll work on it. All right. Okay. All right. So I say how to all push two open lines in days five and I'll pass on to push you. Okay. 5 670 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless light. I'm not in the cans. Okay. I'm sorry. I don't want to see a cat. I don't want to know from a cat. Oh, it's matter of fact. It was driveway. I went to the store the other day. And I come home and I take my went to Walgreens. Oh, yeah. That's right Walgreens. Oh, it took care of me. Fast this time boy. I mean fast. Yeah. Would you like to wait for that? Sure. Okay. Here it is. Yeah. Oh, man. I straight nose back to Jeff. So I get my prescription. I drive home and it's like you know, I don't know seven o'clock in the evening. One night during the week. And I'm on one of the side streets. One of my, you know, little shortcuts there to my where I live. And here's the cat comes stops on the other side of the road. And then goes running across. It's the Kamakaze run right in front of the car. Oh, yeah. They do that a lot. Like if I got a force you to stop where you know, was I going to stop? No. Did I hit it? No. Damn it. Did I floor it? Yes. Two open lines in date. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. There's nothing worse than a straight pussy running across the street in the middle of the night. Here's a mobile in Miami. Mobile in Miami. Yes. I have time left. I never called again. And now we're doing a movie over here. We need to come over and stand in for the bill. Don't want to. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Good luck. It's the same guy to call before the Eleanor Roosevelt line. Really sad. They've counties open 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. May Allah hate the target is. It's brilliant. It's one. It's clear. Delia. No. No chance. Positively. No. No chance. No chance. I was there. They were there for one. I was there. Listen to me. First time. You got to be so excited. It's 22 years. The first time I'm calling you. You're excited about what? About how you've heard some of the radio. It was a very marginal acting. I couldn't. Though we had to use a great actor. He was a 2,000. You know, we've been out here Delia. That was him. He was a picture with the, uh, G. I forget today with the general. I'm not going to have to. We forgot the name. Well, we both at the name of the picture. Thank you, Javago. I should have. I believe. If you saw him, do you remember it all? Yeah. I remember him. Okay. Really. I'm going to say it. Honestly. Whatever is not. I'm not. I'm not. I hate to do this. But it's clearly the reason I know it. Because I saw him on interview show. I don't know. Well, I don't know. Maybe the guy that was the dude who I was. I got you. Got you. Got me with what? Because you say so. Therefore it makes it so. No, because he said so. Who said so? He said, he said, my name is curde de lia. No, no, no. Did he pronounce that he's saying? He said, sir. Did he say, sir? Did he say his name? No, they said. Okay. Thank you. See? Did he say his name? No. But the footage is a make out of you pronounce his name. That I get a million phone calls about. Okay. Something as trivial as meaningless is this. Stanley Kubrick is dead. Jordan's Yoda Maggio is dead. After all these premature reports of his death. And this is what I get phone calls about. So anyway, the guy from Britain talking about what? Yeah, people are intimidated. They're scared to death. I'm at the hockey game before the game Saturday night. If you were like a hurricane game. And is that worth the halls? If I go out to take a leak or come back to the seat? Most of those people like I've told you for years, even though they know how to about the game, that's my crowd. Those people are listening right now. That's the New Year Rogers audience at the macarina. So I'm walking back toward the inside toward my seat. And there is it's before the way before the game. I just went and took a leak. Okay. Is it why I'm in a tentative at? Thank you. And I'm walking back toward my seat. And there's like three young guys. I'd say like, I don't know, 1819. And one of them, and you know, because you have peripheral vision, although if you're in Florida, you probably don't have any vision. But my peripheral vision is pretty good, especially when they look like that. And there's these three young guys. Oh, there he is. So either, because obviously they all knew who I was. So even though they wanted to say that Ben said that I can't stand it. Or they're listeners, which is also possible. Maybe like closet type. They kind of look like they're all on the closet. And I'm picking them myself because I saw it out of the corner mind. I'm like, it's like, it's like a manual. How you know, which most people do most people do. Who are the bunch of pussy guys? Like you three guys. Why are so many people in this town? Pussies. Just like that Maddie billets at one foot three inches tall. That comes down this morning to be seat George. Oh, would we please not play that fake orgasm because she wants a talent fee from 2am. Wait, when you stop and think about this really, I don't spend too much time out of because you lose your mind. But just stop for like 30 seconds and think about the magnitude of this. The idea that somebody who recorded a fake orgasm on tape, which you guys here probably most nights of your life. And, and not a very good one. I mean really fake. Oh, exactly. Really fake. I think screw-in could have done better than that. You know what I'm saying? Oh, sure. Oh, what? I'm sorry. I didn't know that. Well, that changes the whole, maybe that's why they want to play it. Oh, seriously. I mean Maddie, he, now what is he? He's a general assistant division number four. We got 450 sales managers. People ask me, how many sales people you got over there? And my answer always is, I don't know how many sales people we have, but we have 75 sales managers, so you figure it out. We got a door downstairs on the first floor in this building that it's like electrically operated. It's spinning and rotating like a cradle. Not the main entrance door. This is a separate door. It's the QAM slash power 96 saleshold door. And they just spin them in and out. They come in and they're out in and out in and out in and out like Scott Schwartz. He was here one day, gone the next. And by the way, how's fat boy do you have? Do you want to get counties got in this shell? Maybe he'll look with the thing. Oh, my, how's the thing? We have a here because, you know, what we're doing here at QAM or hiring. I'm already staying. That's right. That we can find. So I'll tell you a minute why that Todd, whatever. You don't know what his last name is? That's George Frimpy Jewel. What? Oh, Todd Drek. I'll tell you why he's a piece of crap. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQM. If you want huge savings in it, I bet John penis is a good guy. He's a sales guy. Okay. I'm trying to get sales. He's a good guy. Adam's a good guy too, but he knows how to show. And there's old and, you know, he ain't looking so good anymore. You know, something I'll be honest with you, right? He never looked at good in the first place. But when it's a big, imposing, Hungarian guy like that, he liked to make him nervous. You know, that's why we said those things. Sure. It's fun to say. Are you scared? And then they get nervous like those kids at the hockey game. And by the way, all three of them did look pretty good. Roger, Todd. It's been a few years since Bruce Frimstein has released the CD. But now he's going back into the archives to find the songs that he once recorded as a child. We're the make-man, Daddy. We're the remote. We're the remote. Mary and a little lamb. It's for his world's world's world's world. Some handy dragons. We're on the remote. Warning. Do not like young children listen to this tape. Fooked on, fun, extremely prohibits it. Baby, 3D, EM. It's 11.32 at 5.60. And we had a whole bunch of calls on there before the break. And I'm sitting here watching them all blink right off. Nice. One call on there. 5.6. 7.05. Well, what's going on here today again? Every single day when I come in here, every day of my life. It's like a whole new ball game man. That's what Joe to measure what's say if he could be here to say it today. Which can he be here? Kenny? No. 5.6.705. 60 in Tom 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless One. Another usual group of deadheads today. Kared delay. I'm looking somebody else in the whole resume here. And I'm looking at it. And I am positive. I don't care this old fossil I call before. I don't care what he says. I don't care if his mother told him that's how you pronounce it. Okay? I'm looking at it in print. And he's still alive by the way. Kared delay. Not that he's, you know, not that he's such a famous actor. Obviously not with this crowd. Is anybody else going to the stone's concert in this crowd? That's a guy called Bitshinobot? No. No. 2001 is based on it. He was also in man. He was in the town of movies. Bunny Lake is missing. Remember that? No. David and Lisa. That was 1961. This first movie was the Coodleam Priest. That's one of my favorite. He's a fact in the church. 2001, Madam X, the Fox, Blackwater Gold, Pope Joan, the Devil's Imposter, Paperback Hero Paul and Michelle, Black Christmas, the haunting of Julia, Law and Order, Welcome to Blood City because he's my friend, leper in the snow, Legend of the Golden Gun, Brave New World, the hostage tower, no place to hide, brainwaves, 2010, blind date to next one or overnight. Not a very memorable list. No. No. I'm not a doctor. You're a vagal, by the way. Sorry. Whoever said that. Wrong. You blew it. Here delay. I don't want to be naive and mentioned that is because he was in 2001, the Space Odyssey, which is about the only thing I remember about it, aside from that great dialogue. And that's it. It's all come back to Stanley Kubrick. Do these people have any great memories of a clockwork aren't? No. And the British guy that constipated brick calls can't believe that we're even about that moment. And we're going to be a bit more careful because it's brand, abandoned bloody England. Like every other guy damn thing. Man, why don't they just obliterate that country? Can you imagine how much money we could save? Always having to bail those bloody bastards on World War One, World War Two. Always got to bail those stupid bastards on because they're too busy with the queen. They're too busy with their royalty, with their pop and circumstances over there. Living in the Stone Age. Here's sunrise. Hello. That's the morning meal. Yes, sir. I want to talk a little hockey with you. Yeah. Did you see that ridiculous article about my corrusal yesterday? Yes. I brought that up before. I don't get any calls on it about. And he wrote the same thing Saturday. Today's in a row. He writes this about how Brian Murray is blaming the media, the newspaper people, and the radio people. And all the other people because Robbie needed them, I think, to join out. So everybody else has called. And like I said, after their article came out Saturday morning before the game Saturday night when they introduced need of mark, he got booed loudly. Yeah, I was loudly. I was at the game and I'm just comparing need of pair with Buray put him in the same breath as ridiculous. I mean, well, what's this man thinking about? I, you know, Buray's out, so need of mark is going to try to take his place. And then they keep quoting need of mark. Okay, we got to step up and do this. And I'm going to tell you the first period on Saturday. Whitney fed him a perfect pass right in front of the net, right in the slot. Yeah. He fan on the shot. And he had two point blank shots later in the game and crucial points in the game. He put it right into Irbase chess. He couldn't score into a netting net this kid. And they're quoting him saying, oh, we got to do this. And we got, it's ridiculous. So the whole, the whole propaganda machine from this organization is ridiculous. It's a brainwashing process. For sure. And this keeps telling yourself a replay off team. I don't believe that. Yeah. One other thing, did you happen to catch the flyers and the savers came last night? Yes. Man, what a game. You caught that was a game. I thought it was terminal was going to go to the computer. I thought it was for a lot of good hitting in that. I thought it was a good game. That was a game. That was a game. I thought the Colorado Pittsburgh game yesterday. That was a hell of a game. But to say that the Buffalo Philadelphia, a coma game there. No, no, I thought it was a good game. Oh, my God. And how about the save the Craig Billington made on the arm of a younger out of short head of breakaway to Colorado Pittsburgh? That was a play. That was a highlight. Well, see you picked the wrong game. Also, I'm from Buffalo originally used to follow the savers. When the first came in the week, I remember Rick General used to do the radio and they had to darling doing the. The television. What ever happened to him? Did I probably did. Yeah. Probably sleeps with Joe to man here. Yeah. That's he used to do the television and not generate the radio. But I don't know if I can keep you. Rick, I know that is great. Everybody in Buffalo loves Rick General. And then closing? Yes. The three were the world here. Okay. Okay. One call after the board. Let's take care of it. They will do music after we come back. Two by today is in the ball game. Here's a mobile and mirror more. Hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. I got a couple of things to talk about. What about these cubans saying that freedom is the only gaming Cuba? What the hell is going on there? Same thing. What? That is, you know, they got the oil going on in the Cuba to play the baseball game. They can't see the one and enjoy that because they want to, you know, talk about the freedom thing. You know, the gas is really good guy after all, you know, he's the one that freedom for all his fans. His fans are out there killing all the Cuban. Yeah. You know, sure. And what about this, this, uh, G-club in the peer? You got to end up going on there? No, you probably probably probably see you there. Okay, pal. Sweetheart. Another spick with no material. Another sad, sad, sad chapter in South Florida history. As they continue proving, if you needed any proof, which most of you probably don't, all you got to do is listen to the show day after day after day after day. They are still in a cultural wasteland. They're still in another century. They're in a time work. They're often another in a Lala land. They five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. The cat's got the audiences tongue today. The all-time worst. The all-time absolute worst. The kill McColl. Tonight on MTV, it's the Bong show with your host Robert Downey Juni. The Bong show, where recently we have celebrity or lost endless city council members. Take random good debt. You don't laugh to let her. Watching these rich and famous, washfully scarred. So join Robert Downey Juni, week eight for the Bong show. 17, a little bit, five, 60, WQ and the Hank Globerg show from a shoelace take to it to a clock. Boog Shabby, very briefly, 6 to 6, 30 because then he's got to leave for dinner. And then we got the Panthers pregame from Montreal, 6, 30 to 7, 7 o'clock Panthers in the Canadians. Big big game tonight. Huge gigantic because the range is one yesterday and the Panthers in our in 10th place in the conference in dropping like a rock. All those ties, baby. You know, it's nice that they didn't fool like an accordion after blowing a Colorado game. But, you know, when you come right down to another stupid tie, is that going to do the job? No, I don't think so. And you could have do the job. Here's Fort Laudernale. Hello. Anyhow, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I have the straight poop on. I cured a lay for you. Yes. First of all, I heard a couple people say he was in Dr. Shabhaaggo. He was not. He was not in Dr. Shabhaaggo. No, I had to list him all the movies it was ever in right here. It was not in Dr. Shabhaaggo. Well, let me say that full of crap. He was in David and Lisa, which was an excellent movie. Right. The side and the fox, like the other movies. I do want to just read the whole list. I'm talking. I read the whole freaking list. I must have been getting the call. I'll read the list again if you like it. It'll kill some good time today. Anyways, his last name is definitely pronounced away. I know some more. There. How do you like that? All right. Let's hear one for Faddle, Neil. Here you go. See, when you look at it, it's obvious. Yeah. I know someone who worked with him. So, I figured that's about his court. Oh, this other guy that called me for, you know, he's got problems with his bag. So, I was, I didn't hear you read the list. So, I'm, I just wanted to confirm that and the, the public, great work. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Anybody else, if that stones concentrate on Friday night? No. No. One guy that was so bitter. Oh, so anyway, speak. I'm glad that got called about the Buffalo Filly game. It was on 603 last night. So, I get to my small dish and I look on Empire. It about 10 minutes still six because they got, I'm going to tell you Empire, even though it's only Buffalo, which is definitely the minor leagues. They're gigantic. They're head and shoulders above this time. It comes to their coverage on at the Empire thing. And they got that show fan TV. It's a good show. But it hadn't come on yet because I guess it was Sunday. So, it didn't come on to the half hour before the game. Usually, they're like, and I want to have people to get. So, anyway, what have they got on there? They got high school wrestling. Now, I have always said, course, we know professional wrestling. Most of them are, you know, like gorgeous George, except for Jesse the body. And we're not too sure about him. Even though his wife talks a good game. But I'm looking at, and I've always said, that high school and college wrestlers are a faggot. Okay? And, oh, no, you're wrong about that. That's a game club you moron. And I'm looking at this, can't believe me. They were both ugly, unfortunately. But there's these two kids about, I know, 17 high school kids. And they get down on the mat. And the water gets down on his hands and knees. Right? And throws his rectum up in the ear. And the other one gets down on top of him. You can grab him around the waist. Grab him around the waist. And the knee, roll around on the mat together. Yeah. What is that? That's a gate club you moron. Sounds like it to me. And then, if you ever noticed when those high school and college, you know, the A's, they get a little bit excited. I guess it's the friction. Every time they stand up, there's like a, yeah. Like there was a little bit of excitement going on in your head. Yeah, right. Sometimes there's even like a score. We're wet spot. There must be perspiration, huh? That must be it, right? Yeah. A little perspiration. What a fag thing that is wrestling. Just a job. That's all you people out there if your, if Johnny comes home and says he's joining the high school wrestling team. Just remember, change those towels, pink, pink sounds good. Maybe purple, purple would be good. Here's a mobile and palm beach, yellow. Hi, New York and one in. Yes, sir. Great. First of all, I saw the Maggio play and I've watched Kubrick's song. I choose Kubrick, I'll be Joe D. Oh! Any day the week. Any day. No cut. Any day, any month, any year. Kubrick was a genius. The magia was his father at dumb job. This other greaseball from New York. One movie that really didn't get that much attention, which I thought was one of his best was Pazzo's glory. Kirk Douglas, the famous bacon. I think he was the director on that. Right, yes he was. And was one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. I've been going to movies other than father's a kid. And I thought it was one of the best anti-war movies I've ever seen in my life. And I guess that's why I didn't get much play when it first came out. And I think Douglas was great. I could get rid of one in the county of what. But unfortunately it didn't. Yeah. And the magia was a greatball player. I saw him for the end of his career. And he was still at the very imposing player. But I didn't think he was the greatest of that generation. My mind was, but that's another story. What about Ted Williams? Ted Williams was a great hitter. But I think all around to speed, to defense, to hitting, New Zealand was a betterball player. Yeah. I could be prejudiced. I've been a carcassman. Yeah, you might be. Yeah. But to that generation, I've said to me, New Zealand was the best. You just said something about high school wrestling. Now I got to take a fence. I'm just fun. Was a high school wrestler. Oh, okay. Yeah. And his Australia's, I think, is, I mean, he's mad. Yeah. And he's like the girls. And I've never seen any indication. I think painting abroad for a shot on all of these kids is really. Yeah. Yeah. We believe it. Have a great day, Bill. Take care. Okay. Don't count any grandchildren. Okay. We have an open line in the day to a Broward. Maybe adoption. 560, 560, 560 on the 80. If there's anybody in this audience that knows any, any, any guys that were high school or a con, maybe some of you would like to convince us. Am I going to believe you? No. Try to convince us that you're in the wrestling. Get in down on your especially the guy who's the bottom if I can say that. Huh? What is that? Who invented that? What kind of a submed? The Greeks invented that. What is the third position? That the authority Greeks invented that. Why do you know? No. That's why it centers around your back. Because it was a Greek thing. And they wrestled naked. Yeah. That's right. Thank God for that foreskin, huh? You can just imagine. But just like just like that little, murdled, a turtle at least they have when I was a little kid. Every now and then with poppets, uh, head out, you know, take a look. Open line in a day, 567, 560, pound, 560 on the 80 and T. Wireless line. Macho, restores are we kidding me? Oh my God. Next we're going to be heard about Macho figure skaters. When you come right down to, we just think of all the different sporting events. Divers, swimmers? Oh yeah. Where is that? Thing I got. Oh yeah. Sorry. Divers, swimmers, ice skaters, figure skaters, huh? Goodness. Oh, gymnast. Woo! Flamers, scrimmers. Hot looking young guys in tights and girls. Lady golfers. Restores. Wow. I bet you there's just, uh, an unforgettable, you moron. Here's my M.E. Hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Okay. I'm glad you said figure skaters. Got about people coming out of woodwork. Tiny hardening had something to say about Macho, the onesky. That the news is really desperate. I called the save you a couple hours a time. HBO show on a movie called Lansky. Please, don't waste your time. Okay. So they, and, and Richard Dreyfus is the square. Oh, I can't stand Richard Dreyfus. I get, I get the he, I get the wet heaves when he heard his name. He's playing Mire Lansky, but the movie is so vague. They don't really, they talk a little bit about Virginia Hill and that's like Virginia Lewis playing a blanket. But please, don't waste your time. It is pathetic. Okay. And the guy to get to an all-force. The guy to go to the get on top of him. That's called mounting. In a sense. Ha ha ha ha ha. No kidding. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to buy 40 something. I'm going to buy 40 something. And I'm going to tell you something. So he would not, because I don't get in the South Park and all that. But be with some butt head or really fight it. But let me tell you something. They did one on high school wrestling one time. And it was hysterical. Ah, absolutely fucking kidding me. Yeah. Be with some butt head did one and the whole thing was about to get the then butt head was on the four and the other guy. And be with some solorn to the guy was trying to say doing it was a stereotype. Well, you think they call him butt back. Don't have it. Have a great day. It's a lot of them up. So it's called mounting. I did a rock and a Indian mounties. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, sixty. Hey, listen, if our Rogers could mount trigger and pound five, six beyond the 18th He wore this line. Yeah, the ancient Greeks they invented wrestling. And all those gymnastic events that you were talking about. Already staying. That's right. And we know about the ancient Greeks. That was used to say, beware of ancient, beware of Greeks bending down. Here's a mobile in the curl springs. Hello. Okay, sir. I'll couple of buddies in my, we're golfing over a Eagle trace. Would they were playing golf? They were playing golf and Eagle trace and they hit Jeff Rimmer's house. Yeah. One of the balls and Jeff came running out. And for what I heard, he gave him a little bit of some washing and everything I got. But I guess he, I'm not just one of them. I just want to just just just verify it. Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay, we have an open line of day one and a broad. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the 18th, T wireless line. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Oh, you hey, now. Yes, sir. What's going on there? I'm not sure. Listen, I actually thought I'd be getting an argument with you. But I just heard the last caller. I also agree that the Kubrick debt is a lot. It's something more to mourn than the, the demands you have saying. No context. I mean, so far we had 7,282 calls. Every one of us has Kubrick. I'm not going to vote for JOD. I woke up this morning. I heard about JOD the magic on the colleague. They kind of stinks. Whatever. I guess he was sick. I came to work. Yes, he was sick. We've been having stories of his death for months. That's what I mean. And then I come to work. And somebody says, oh, did you hear? I also stand the Kubrick diemys. Where I almost like dropped. Because you guys just took the genius. And I think I'm going to have to watch the shining tonight. You know, and sort of get the Kubrick vibe back. But I also want to let you know. I'm a boss and bro and fan. And we're going to come to town. I think I'm Tuesday night. And I think I was playing. Yeah, I think it's Tuesday. Not this. I don't know. I think it's a capable 730. Well, this is man. Well, whatever night of the week. Well, this is a wonderful day. I got to look forward to that. I actually got the two ruins on TV this weekend. And you're probably right. It looks like they're going to make the playoffs. But I will tell you this to me. They're very boring. Maybe that's because Dale Arnold is doing the games. And I can't stand him. He's the worst broadcast of an history of history. He is. I'm going to tell you going from Fred Cusick to Dale Arnold. It would be like going from Mel Allen to Gildi. Okay. That's how bad that is. Listen to him. He was good talking to you. I like the show. And good luck. You'll leave it. Say how to famous. We have two open lines today. 560, 560, 560 on the AT and Tim. Glenn. We got the cure delething straightened up. And then it will fart that called before. That was so adamant. And so I got the Dale. I got the idea. Guess what? Just like the people with that doctor's Yvago book. Oh. See, it takes a real macho man like me to admit when they're in. I often am, but at least I'll admit it. I'm not just a hard ass like a little perkylty. Oh, yeah. I'll see you all for a reason. I don't know. Oh, my. I hear it. See, I'll just remember one thing. A guy that starts calling names. As opposed to dealing with the facts. Can't back up his facts. Just remember one thing about that person. He's an asshole. He did. Because there's nothing. There's nothing worse than somebody who starts calling people names. Like that little punk Maddie Abel, that little midget, that little puss, the food Nazi. And whatever you do, don't play that. Oh, no, there's more money. There's another hundred bucks. I've been in the business for 700 years. And that today that this is right up there in the top five of the silliest, most ridiculous, most idiotic things that anybody has ever even wasted my time with. Of course, they have a lot of embarrassing things that go on over there at Power 96. We don't want to mention that Don Cox tape, which we do still have that somewhere by the way. Anybody want to hear that? Oh, why we're doesn't whistle. Of the movement. Now it would be night about movement. It has too much rights on my toilet. It's where I belong. Would be terror of death. Yeah. All the movement finally begun. I can wait you. And you might call on. And if you become, In here I pull your breath from this moment on. All right. I don't know exactly where the sea is stuck. Maybe when I threaten you, You're nothing to talk. I would just spare a dime for you. To fight the lead. I did. To do. What about the men? Now I'm in the rush. I am finished. I promise you this. I just wait you. Give it a flush. My downman. It's 2550 WCM. Guess what they're showing on CNN again by the way for the 10 million time. Here's Jolton Joe to magic. Any interest? No. So here's a fact that says. My coworker just informed me he was a wrestler in high school. And he tells me what you were explained about the positions as how the contest begins. Now we also attended Columbus High during his wrestling years. Does that alone make him gay? Is there any doubt? No. Huh? The positions. There's the top. There's the bottom. And when a one guy hops on the other one. And they start to hold things. They call it mounting. Need any further explanation? No. It didn't think so. God. I mean, what kind of what kind of what is that? What is it? When you look at it. I said it's serious because I haven't seen that crap in years. And I'm looking at it and this is so fake. It is such a faggy looking thing. And of course the object. Depending on the guy is the pinnum. Tenalum. Yeah. I took them back to that. What's wrong with that? Here's a mobile and cross-spring. Hello. Yes sir. I totally agree with you with that high school wrestling thing. That is the gayest. That's worse than male cheerleader, I think. Well, that's what the guy is. That's what the guy is. You know. That's what Trent Lott said. And the sto de magia thing. Stuck me. The funniest thing is on the eski. And they had that tape waiting to go baby. That was there. The waiting to get the word. That's why that's why ESPN and CNN are just on a leasing. The garage or Joe D. Crabb now. Because this they've had this in the can if I can say that for months now. They're waiting waiting and waiting. They're opening the heat. It's died on sweet sweet. I think. Right. That's right. Okay Paul. Let's talk in the year. See on the mat. We have an open line and there's no way they how they get on the mat. I wonder how mat's feeling about it. And Vanessa. We have an open line at Broward 560, Pound 560 on a mobile one line. I don't want you to feel bad. But if your son comes home and says he just joined the wrestling team. Tom the pack. Oh, he already is. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Okay. I'm here. I'm going to watch back. Yeah. Well, I just filled in high school and college with your kind of dog. The gymnastics team as well. Oh my god. I'm not gay. Yeah. We believe it. We believe. We believe. I'll pour me in the other. I'll just stay straight. No. No. Oh, Lord. I'm going back down to Columbia. You got me choice places where I go. Oh, God. Talk about a world that would recognize that was from Fort Myers. Talk about a boring 1 note Charlie. He's a second. Yeah. You'll have a good time. A Columbia foul. Madda come. pound five sixty on a mobile one line boys he boring there's a mobile at home stood hello and you know how you go okay sir you know if you ever need a good night's late you got a watch that hb moving there and it's awesome it's a combination of stand by me later to the law start trying to make it into a mob movie it's a careful yeah i just want to share that with you and you like but i do like the song though many things i like that song now it's great to actually got great music and put it to terrible movie i mean i thought it was talking about the music from landscape talking about stand by me sir what are great song bitty king now there's a performer way of a Frankie line of the teenagers by the way not even the same league not the same planet Frankie line of the teenagers like black bubble gum music that's what that was sure on a delta rated open line of brown five six seven five sixty anybody ever wrestled at Columbus high okay let's see that that's ten strikes against your ready in fact probably father of tool is the wrestling instructor with her no doubt here let's get down and you need your belly come on let me show you how to do it on the mad you be the bottom of the top it's mounting time at Columbus high here's a mobile in okobie hello this is kept yes you know all right i'll rest of the high school and uh... can tell you is the toughest sport out there i'll play football up until a month grade but uh... wasn't big enough to play play on the hospital team so i got to get uh... wrestling you can actually it's uh... one-on-one one-on-one sport where you're wrestling some of the actual weights are really uh... works out to where whoever's the best athlete will win yeah but i think it's good that they you know they've heard the little guys with you know well i'll tell you this we're not going to get a date my senior year-up that i've been with almost every winter my house glad set to bed reputation and none of us got were fags at all i'm just i'm here to tell you it's a great sport you know it is a great sport i believe it but uh... i don't know if anybody does all my team that was gay and uh... we probably would have taken out the home if you was yeah so let's that's my take on so okay thanks we believe it we believe him no no i'm not a okay medical and what or just kept an answer by the way the other room the wish that we have an exterminator yet no like i said a radio company a multi-million dollar radio company that doesn't even afford that won't spend a few bucks once a month for an exterminator come on and spritz a little bit with his big can there are a bunch of cheap bastard is what they are okay it's the beesley greed effort away cheat keep keep keep keep keep which in afford to pay some bimbo to oh yeah man i'm emotional about that are you emotional no bad really bad fake my minton could affect it better than that but we can afford to pay some bitch talent feed to do that but can we afford an exterminator to come here and keep this place like sanitary so anyway let me think about the direct all i got to do a spot first well kind of ties right in shush there's nothing like the smell of fine paint on a lazy saturday afternoon to get high on that's right sniffing paint is a great way to unwind on the weekend forget all the chemically engineered neuro stimulants those crazy self-american drug lord's their design this is the real thing if you want to kick back relax and fry your brain to big in this pick up a good old gallon of wall made i mean he peep myself he he available everywhere for 14 to five sixty w qm just remember one thing something that somebody in college told me a mission state about a hundred years ago it's not important in life that you succeed but that your friends fail i'm surrounded by that it's not important that you succeed but that your friends fail especially when it comes to their health and they're fat i've been back this is one week today which you go to the came back on ear from vacation and starting right when i walked in and please don't tell me about good intentions about what i've worked with fast that i'm the problem is i'm too nice of a guy that's the problem that i keep my mouth shut what as if today i'm going to start making a scene anytime anybody makes available to me all this poison that kills me all these refined carbohydrates candy and cookies and this goddies and crap last money i come back oh happy anniversary here's a bunch of stuff to take home and care yourself with and i did and then you know as the week progress and Thursday and then we had a fat rich episode of the track oh how about a nice big piece of chocolate cake but a big piece of chocolate uh... a thing to ice cream with a there you go and then saturday night at the hockey game you see it i know it's it makes me seem like a real prick when i'm not in people who think that they're doing nice things and woman these people you know could all they just been into rattle they were there for that a closing game in maple the gardens bring me a big manell or folder and inside the folder cares uh... the uh... the uh... the uh... program from that night of maple the gardens here's the maple leaf your book here's some other stupid magazine about to run all that's in all hotels that i said but anyway here's that's because they're they're trying to be nice but also when the bag here's two big boxes of smarties that just happened to make their way out on the table last night and i'm in public yesterday afternoon i made two trips to my public show with a weekend did i buy one shred of anything evil anything with a fine carbo hydrate no candy ice cream cookie no anything no but i'm in the store on the yesterday yesterday afternoon and here's one of my neighbors or carbo you know couple houses down across the street my attend lady neighbor who is a very uh... nice person in her own bizarre way she's there with her puggies son who's a nice kid but needs to lose a way and i'm sure she's for speedy mccadent food but at any rate there are only a lot of all boy koshik and papapapa papapa this woman can talk up a store she will stop in the middle of the street on my street in her car and if she sees you like in the in the driveway uh... getting ready to close the garage door she will keep talking until you've closed the garage door and you're inside and then you go inside the house and if you open up the window you'll hear she's still out there talking papapapa i mean nice person but i yet that papapa all and i brought home these wonderful Italian that chocolates from Italy filled with caramel and about you know and you got to come to the house for a great Italian meal and i'm saying no please just let me away please no and so of course that i did i mentioned Todd the direct i forgot about that part which we had food from our good friends in the snow day which was delicious and he brings the menu in here on uh... whatever day it was doors picked out what he wanted picked out what i wanted very specific instructions no bread no pasta no desert meal can't eat a mizani atkins he's diabetic diabetics diabetics you understand diabetics you got it no in fact i'm convinced beyond a share of it uh... in fact uh... my dermatologist talking in certain brings me the report on my biopsy did they find out anything no i'm convinced it's from fat from sugar from all this crap i've been eating i've been telling myself with for months pints and pints and pints of fish food not the other beningaries and ice cream and candy and takes oh which i left out the cake on the anniversary day to by the way not just the biscotties to take home but a huge cake the they're the the size of Delaware seriously there are actually towns in america smaller than the cake so Todd when it brings in our piezon from a medicine hotel here on friday and here's your meal and guess what here's all a bunch of angel their pasta to pasta pommittor it was pretty good i said here eating it and my blood sugar is soaring rising rampantly i'm telling i wake up to a clock domain morning this morning i thought the world with my life was coming to an end i thought i was going to beat up a jota magio by hours right on the heels of Stanley Kubrick it's a good fight to the big one i know you've heard you heard this crap until it's come out here is i don't care because there were a lot of you out there that's suffered the same thing and you refused to open up your mouth about it i'm the only one so now i'm going to be a real son of a bitch about it if you bring me anything that i can't eat i'm going to i'm going to i'm going to number one get surley and number two i'm going to take it and throw it in the first trash can i find when it down i'm going to throw it out stop bringing me candy you maniacs if i want smarty i can buy all the goddamn smarty's i want if i want food guess what i'm making a couple of bucks i can go and eat it roots crisp i can eat the most expensive restaurant in the world i can afford it if i want to go to gourmet market and buy you name it i can afford it don't bring me any fucking food okay please and as far as ourselves the problem is concerned i've eaten the last meal for this year in this room or up stare what whatever in the studio because you know what maddy bel says no food in the studio that's right the food not see when the proof so keep the f and food out of here okay surrounded by murderers here's for a lot of day hello yeah guys yes sir i had the misfortune to see the wrong strength yeah it was horrible really i paid not i didn't pay three hundred fifty dollars but i didn't pay fifty dollars either yeah and the sound the wind he's drive through has better sound really yeah and i called my credit card for that yeah yeah i'm a credit card provider today and i'm not paying i was she's really yeah i'm not gonna pay that bad yeah that was it just decided it performance done too yeah i mean it looked like a good show i wish i could have heard of that's the macarina for pala i'm glad you had a good time thank you so there's a call number two complaint number two they're pissed off open line a day two and brought five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line oh need a library back these great candies from Italy filled with caramel and nugget and eight million calories and loaded the carbohydrates the food yeah lucky god stop just plain stop already here's the four lotterdale hello hello Neil yes sir listen you hit it right on the head i wrestled in high school thank you i did it for the sole purpose of getting closer to those guys right and for leaving me believe me i couldn't wait any you know something even a straight guys that around the team don't they realize that to be in grab and fact maybe they're enjoying it you know they you need to love it i couldn't wait to put my hands for someone's legs and try to turn them over i used to be put on you know i used to be on a button but you more and you listen i missed it the uh the silly game i didn't know you were away i had great feet above four rose behind you i wasn't being my boyfriend over to do so yeah but i don't know any bags in four lotterdale that like sports and her boots though i said i got news for the whole macarina there's more baggage at those hockey games than you can shake your one dead okay well i'm the final the where they are i will not check it out the right sections okay i'll leave my number with yours and uh yeah i'll send you a diagram okay there you go rest my case open line of day and see the year that that goes right back to what i always told you those allegedly straight guys on a wrestling team they had their in having a good time and they can say oh see look what a macho i never i mean this is like they got to call before trying to rationalize it away this is the most difficult of all the sports this is a great one on one yeah one on one you know what they call that don't you here's a mobile in Miami hello are you doing the oh okay sir we're for the i've given that the macarina in the restaurant what thank you so much open line and day to a drower five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line i'm real happy for you sir there's about three chances of that getting on the year none much less than none and the infinity got it caught infinity and but she had to them about okay check-ass here's a mobile in four-lautardial hello well yes sir yeah i was cruising down from Palm Beach and heard the caller about the lousy salmon the macarina for the Rolling Stones concert yeah sir that was the power there i was there too and i'm ready to hear it they the acoustics in the sound was outrageous real horrible huh it was the the songs about a great concert but if you can hear it it would get 10 times better they stuck huh oh that the sound was horrendous okay well we'll see they're again soon okay just bring money bring cash credit cards whatever you got now but now you also think maybe wasn't the sound that was bad maybe they were really bad they stuck i mean they're like you what is he eighty six neck that's what it is that's another one of those the things oh it's the Rolling Stones it's a hype job you know we gotta until they stick their ass in the ground with jolt and jolt and as you we gotta keep going and see them because they're still alive two open lines it brought five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in Naples hello Neil God yes sir fellow agnostic or atheist i should say yeah you know funny the guys who uh uh invented that deal wrestling were the Romans in the Greeks they were proud sponsors of the old book plug and telebiter's in fact the team name was the tarstars so it totally goes to show that the rest of the units for fact it's okay great okay open line and date one and groward five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line what do you say God damn it here's a uh calling Miami hello hello yes sir yes i used to wrestle for high school and let me tell you one thing actually football baseball track the whole thing or is it until you want to think the toughest part of everything is wrestling yeah and i said that they want to let you back out i went to national then i i believe me i was like the studies school while the girls and 18 minutes sure we believe you and all those guys that were rolling around on the mat with the real i was also the more fact in jambi yeah and the old well not not all of them is they were they just have their bus keep by me and didn't bother you i didn't bother you maybe you liked their bus maybe that was it okay glad you had a good time pal isn't this great that i got all these people out of the closet trying to rationalize all these uh all these things that they were involved in it's a gay enterprise i hate to break the news you got sucked in so to speak okay you got sucked right into it oh it's a real manly thing it's one on one competition you know it's almost like boxing mono amano yeah i'm not sure if it's mono amano because most of the wrestlers i know always saying i like the wee wee i want to bang in the butt honey so nice on national geographic discovery of America theory will be lucky and of course miss vagina as you can see it's very damp and talking here which is the perfect environment for small birds and other creatures each that is good for America series inside and of course miss vagina tonight on the superstations 12 30 at 5 60 WQM what's that something that you must have bought with your own money no doubt what is that panasonic one increase of the fact machine i thought it was something exciting like a real piece of equipment in this do i sorry getting to your way open line of braward to and date on a coma inducing monday all these wrestlers out there this is a real fly opener baby oh yeah i was on a football team on the basketball team in baseball and i was also yeah right it was also a cheerleader with those pompoms and also a wrestler what what's that what is it the appears to be a new w2a m keychain oh my god holy crap well just think that if we have to pay that talent fee for and we won't be able to order a bunch of these key chains what a chency cheap ass outfit this is man look at that and that's the same ugly yellow and blue colors you know that awful qa m logo that real puking doosing a thing that that my little dog could have created that and been more inventive more creative nice going Greg one of america's great broadcaster this ask you to help any here's my name hello any of the doing okay sir near former wrestler here yeah definitely a baggage port no question about it how do you like all these bags in denial calling up here today let me tell you kind of convince you know much you know what you know i do about it i used to go down the straight guys and i would grab the pinoffers right and there was a lot of it yeah yeah yeah they love it and i don't want to grab that what okay open line in the braward all three and day five six seven over of course you notice he was a span of five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on a mobile one line here's plantation hello okay sir um i don't think wrestling with the facts for it is i mean i i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would want to take wrestling with the fear of getting an erection but uh but other than that so um actually like to hit on all family for lovely it was not great so yeah i have somebody deserved it he did especially embossed and right um okay have a great day okay back to yeah okay boi there's short and brief and not too many today i'll tell you that if we had one woman yet today no well what do they know about the female about the wrestling well lady wrestling there you go they like to grease it up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's uh margay hello yes no yes sir yeah there was a classic controversial things from uh movie in nineteen sixty nine called women and love that showed that undercurrent of sexuality you're talking about uh we're wrestling uh you might remember it all um all of a read and Allen date that was have a 14y surfing match and they get a little more excited than than they anticipated yeah and uh that's what i showed i mean there's an undercurrent there's always a read or mister bait uh yeah yeah but that's what you're talking about exactly and it showed that and then nobody wanted to talk about it but i think i'm not gonna put it in there's an obvious homo erotic event two guys one mounting the other one they're crawling around on a mat they're the rolling around wiggling around gravity each others anything they can grab i mean if that is one of the faggyest enterprises then anybody could think of and we got these guys calling in her day uh in denial again the whole thing after what they were very excited and embarrassed right by the way with which anyway yes with Stanley Cooper um if you think about it besides out for his car he's got more plastic things in his movies than than anybody you can think of even Joe the Maggio okay we have an open line in Broward to and date 567560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line mobile infinity to spring hello i go back to the home full dot okay great 567560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line is the search for calls continues here on a Monday just went and down problem out oh i'm i i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm desperate that i got to talk to you oh god i hate to admit that i wrestle but you are chronic man what i hate to admit if i wrestle dot a team for an all boy Catholic school whole whole yeah oh oh these are fact in the church oh oh yeah i can't stand it Paul Harvey Jr i know i'm a whole lot of the person i would have ever expected would you believe that yes oh my god and am i right it was a horrible expert what why did you do it i you know what i i couldn't plan the football team because i was too small yeah so guys like us we ran track couldn't be on a baseball team because you had that orange head and they kept thinking it was orange baseball that we're using it gets swinging at your head yeah that anyway it was horrible one when uh what part didn't you like well you know what a cry grab your rectum no you know what a cross faces a cross face a cross face is one a guy dragons armor cross your head monica said she did good face and your nose is right in his armpit oh so the Christ so we'd wrestle schools like ealy or boy the Anderson oh i understand ealy's got this the smolius armpits by the way oh yeah it was the most as and then the mat would get all sweaty right it would have like this oily like Jerry's eyes all swed it up and land oh so what does it sound like that's a game club you were really on the other shed over down oh it was the worst yeah but as far as it being okay quit after the third year i quit that's a good lesson in club yeah i'll see you in the back back back at air force have a good day open line of day at all four hundred and groward five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the mobile one line all the chronics today here's David Capp another chronic how you doing okay a great article into these paper the hero cal Thomas wrote in the abad uh your friend Monica Lewinsky not interested the lady is a child home is as a fascist yeah you're right but he makes sense not interested anything how how can you pick and choose with cal Thomas oh this this caught the eye more so than the author what he said about like Jerry fall ball saying he finally met somebody that was some cartoon character that wasn't the fact you know yeah listen i needed i caught on the show little lady let me ask him what about boxing i box for many years i still train are they gay too only my Tyson you think no i'm so the boxes are okay it's the rest was you got worried well what's the comparison box is our standing you know well there's swing in each other not grab any other and putting each other down on the ground and mounting and rolling around on top of each other and grabbing each other's uh privates and sniffing each others armpits there's a lot of hugging sometimes hugging and squeezing yeah like i said we'll check it out okay thank you okay here's our last call here's Miami hello hey doing with the Roger okay sir um i was listening to you earlier and George explains some ant i believe and my concern is you don't spray for ants you have to bait for them okay and um it's cheaper to bait them to spray and since uh there's so cheap to pair and exterminator there yeah and um he's just go home and people and tell you about them tell you about them okay here you go okay it's most ant like sugar so the only way to do that is to get rid of them it's to bait them and get to the main source which is the calling it's your search of spray and one of you might be spraying out the spray them with what we're not spraying and we're just curious mess the slap on them alright i'm just gonna spray them on one of the time nobody's gonna have anything to spray we haven't got swan oh my the only way to get rid of them is to bait them sir if you don't get to the cop with the main queen which is enough and you gotta get to the main queen that's exactly what I always said you have to keep baiting them okay we're out your presence right back to the good news okay let's go out and get some terrible stuff and smear it around well let's just bait them 1600 open lines today the worst day in a history of my life I feel like a debt store I actually almost coded this morning called in sick because I got about two and a half hours sleep with a blood sugar about 9000 because I got about you know just only 40 or 50 people trying to kill me it's not too bad for you very afraid oh my sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like her I don't even have enough the factus were I tried secret lollions and technology but it's don't get no bigger than a doll there's nothing I can do I only got a 312 or you sure you'll be disappointed when we reach my house because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse if they know big Mac or like a happy new you can't watch out a second some y'all hi here you'll swear I was in the pool because I only got a 312 sometimes at 9 I wonder if it will ever grow if I was a home of sexual I couldn't even push in your soul it looks like Mr. Peanut with other things it's got capillaries instead of things the gut circulation with a pink rain for Halloween I'd rather like a bubble away it's in a suction tube because I only got a 312 even with a metric rule I only got a 312 have a guy you got a 312 baby you got a 312 come here honey you got a 312 you got a 312 you got a 312 I might only find a 312 I think what we're learning from this show today is that you know most stray cars are either very naive or they you know why a lot of themselves and everybody else maybe just naive you know okay like it's a church they like it okay 14 open lines in date 14 in Broward 567 don't forget it's not important in life that you succeed but that's your friend's fail don't ever forget that and that's especially the motto of the fat people and those people who want to keep you fed and did here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir yes I used to wrestle now yeah and six of my friends used to wrestle and would married and have kids and none of us turn out gay right you sound Hispanic though I am Hispanic well that rest my case okay open line he said he's Hispanic and he's straight okay do we believe it open line at Broward all three and date 567 560 p.m. 560 you know this every single one one after another after another they're trying to convince us are we buying it no of course not anybody with a brain believe it no and a poor Harvey Jr. so he course he's so dense you know you're saying he just took him to the fourth year to catch on he just thought he had bad words here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello yeah sir I like to make a full comment on the topics today I'd say Stanley Kubrick fantastic filmmaker again I have about six or seven of his movies have my apartment right now they're great I'm going to watch a few of them tonight clockwork orange especially a low jacket is my favorite and of course the shining it still scares that hell out of me even though I'm 34 years old but though when I watch it's just great I think the storm that I want to see him on Friday night at the macarina the only complaint I had it was a great show I had to sculp a ticket 120 bucks but I was about I was in a third row at the little mini state that they set up and it was great great show high energy something happened with your AC unit at crap out about halfway through it was a hot of hell did I find a towel down in the floor but I went back up onto the first level up there it is he could cool off a little bit but he like many of them have around something happened with the AC but it was great I did go to see Billy Joel and the AC were great but something happened Friday night that was the only complaint I had other than that it was fantastic for parking and everything else and closing all wrestlers are hey hey kids hey okay we have an open line of Broward on 200 in date 560 560 560 on a mobile one line so we got 248 people that said that the acoustic at the stones concert sucked and they hated it like poison and they want their goddamn money back and this guy said he was sitting in a right spot it was great here's a mobile info louder than hello okay sir I'm sorry I love the show and I find it very interesting when people call in the show and they start complaining about you insulting different people insulting different things that go on when that's the very nature of the show is to talk about those things and have a good time and entertain about the funny things in life right and also I just wanted to know what I'm doing actually I just I also wanted to hear I was looking at a show a few days ago maybe it was last week and somebody played you guys played this some guy calling into a Chinese restaurant or something about and then it just started like making up some noise or whatever that was supposed to be like the language yeah and they were responding if you could play that I've greatly appreciated Chinese restaurant sale I'm the so huge oh you mean yeah yeah yeah Hello. Hello. How's it? Jahus speaking. Huh? Jah, hello. Cool speaking. Hello? Uh, hello. Can you hear me? Yes. You got rest on for sale? Huh? How much you want for the start? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss. I come over, maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Uh, does a job price include all the works? Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, Jahus. Jahus, hi. Hi, hi. Jah, hi. Okay, you can go. It's a total of 1. 2. 2. 2. 2. Jah, Jah, you can go. Huh? Jah. I'm going home. I'm going home. Okay, how about I get all the 2 go and dinner? I come over and pick it up and look at Rosson. Okay. Okay. What do you have? Uh, you know, you know, you know, do you know, do you know what you're doing? I'm going to Jahus. I'm going to Jahus. I'm going to Jahus. Uh, do you want to do the fire? So many, huh? I want to Jahus. Huh? Jahus, I'm going to Jahus. Okay, I'll give you my chair. Okay. I'll send the fire on Jahus. And then they'll let him out. Jahus, Jahus, Jahus, Jahus, Jahus. What? Jahus, bye. Yeah, thanks for all that emotion. Yeah, we need a lot more ages down here, baby. Ah, I'm going to be on a busload. We got a ship a whole bunch of people in and whole bunch of other people Not to mention no names We have an open line in Broward 1600 day. They county see that's what it's that just like the article in the Harold said there's no more Jews It's just Hispanics. It's just pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. That's it. That's what the goddamn Harold said It's got all these statistics disappearing Democrats disappearing Jews disappearing old condo commandos. They're old. They're dead They ran away. It's white flight We got his Spanish. We got charges. We got boat people. That's it. That's the county baby Here's the boinbee chill out Okay, great good one Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello Mobile in Jupiter. Yes, hello, yes, sir. Yes, sir Just wanted to know where you were the fact that dark side of the moon is the largest selling LP and the history of all time Yeah You made a common Friday of all pink Floyd being in the top 10 rock the end. No, they're not Yes, they are let's see again if if we're gonna go on record sales Then Connie Francis and I could bring out could dig out my billboard book and give you a whole bunch of other people and had Frankie have a lot Talked out the top showing it record of all sir. I hear let me say to you again Look at where let me sit you again They're not listening to me sir. No, are you capable because people at a window pink Floyd did so much acid that they can't follow what I'm saying anyway Records sales doesn't make somebody great anymore than ice cream sales makes vanilla ice cream delicious We're back to that same very old tired but very accurate argument. Okay, sir Shelling a whole lot of records if that's the case then the back street boys are one of the great groups in the last 30 years, okay? Oh and you're just peeing in his pants thinking about that One call that this is unbelievable today all the crap we got going on here today and it's the same old tired sales off-floor That did crowd Is there anybody alive in a wake up there? 567 05 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line for crying out loud It's unbelievable this place Here's having to hear our last call today. Hello. Hey, I do a new the worst Absolute worst Rag my soft out of a sick bed. I slept in here this morning to entertain the troops and these people have planned up like a big gigantic dead clan even Joe de Mayo saying more now than these people are it's disgusting Isn't it even Stanley Kubrick is talking up a storm Well, you know about you so we're from the high school. It's definitely a fact or I thought about it I don't like that in the morning watching standing with men in tight You're even even man and Robin You're new phone. Okay. How do you like that? So that was good 560 5050 5050 pound five 60 on the mobile one line Air read seriously when I when I write my autobiography It's gonna be called begging for calls That will sum up the 20 whatever red winds up being the last number years in this town begging for calls begging for response Bigging for some and by the way we just got a fact, you know those three kids if you're reading it out of the night They were like poking each other all there years. We found out they're on a goddamn wrestling team So I can understand what they're a little reluctant to speak to me in public. I understand don't hurt your image, right? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yeah, sir Pink Floyd was not the largest selling album with the longest Sharding album in history the guys get it back and none of that proves anything anyway. What what does that mean? It means it is zip right also listen to the module Yeah, I got a great idea for like a memorial Joe de Másio thing yeah Everybody in America on that day get some metal and roll blow up though Right, but everybody in America that day doesn't sign anything right That's the like that's the memorial. I won't sign it. Let's your faming. Thank you. Oh memorial. That's a good point. Okay, excellent Yeah, what was the big deal with him? By the way anybody got any miss a whole mister coffee machine hanging around who? Those are gonna go through the roof baby hang on to your mister coffee maker By especially Joe's signed it. What do you sign him? Yeah 5 6705 would you sign a baseball? Yeah 5 6705 60 Pomp 5 60 on the mobile one line but he never stole a freight train Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, sir. I want to know what Paul Simon was about that with Unlisted well, I'm dead now. He's got to be one of those top 10 So I mean so So low or even with the song Also, although end with sounding Garth on there's a guy to sit that's been doing quality work for 30 years no Number one how many hit the head a lot a con but what does that have to do with it so did Connie Francis? I'm talking about a third of these who had more big hits Connie Francis or Paul Simon I'm talking about excellent x one song Well, that's a great yeah talking great music. You said he had a lot of hits Yeah, but you did both things. Yeah He told he told the ton of records and he had the consistent record of excellent You know throw out a free ticket he was doing great with me until he did great land I love great land and that's what I said all boy poor Paul Simon Yeah, I think maybe we need to listen to it again But that's not what I call okay I normally don't read my plan again. No no. I don't normally read Cal Thomas I mean He is a reactionary piece of crap. Yes And I read the one this morning. Yeah, and I love it when he's whole year than though Just types yeah in this in this art Takes a shot at Clintons dead mother. Yeah, he said that it's this apparently Monica talked about his religious upbringing and he said that the only Trinity Incident father was the tricectone I guess lady that she was a gambler So how about this guy? I mean nice though and he takes a shot at Clintons He's a religious man just like all the rest of them. They're all of one of the Colonies and hypocrites and hate mongers don't you get it but now hate mongers just not talking we're not talking Well, you're for divvness or tolerance or any of that we're talking a hateful right Right way people heard right absolutely Okay, come down It's the line to kill our how many times has this happened to you? I She's Another evening of listening to records backwards ruin my satanic messages now protect yourself by insisting on quality recordings Only from backside records the records made to be played backwards. Yes, that hits of that happening 60 Come on, not seven these Hand the point with 80 She dear that's a kissy tune what's it called a Yeah, of course I should have known don't let those irritating glass from this message as spoil your listening Anything worth hearing is worth hearing backwards on backside records. Yes, he's an effort liar Okay, you're sales manager by the way. I did not say I wouldn't I will not Three minutes after one at five 60 WM I guess it's the one and two music hour because there is no call on the board take a look at that The world famous Neil Rodgers show just a couple of days ago the trends came out we're kicking serious And numbers on air this big gigantic invisible audience. It's got nothing to say is there one call on the board? No, you got anything to say about anything. No, okay 567 05 60 like pound five 60 05 Reflections of a lifespan begging and begging and cleaning and squeezing and controlling and burgeon for phone calls probing reaching out You See the method here is the way ourselves apartment works is they asked you a question you say no and then they like who my Slater they'll say oh, yeah, but you said so and so Like the meeting we had before I came on here and we discussed how many spots we would you know have for our Oh, no, you've never had that meeting. I don't remember it. They just make it up as big a along. It's called the big lie here at 2 a.m No There's no Medley of their smash When mama leave Did you know that it was dumb on the lathe not just mama Lee Is no that oh, yes You know, yes, you better on the thing I love this You know the song food that I would start with mama Not dumb on me We've watched on Christmas dot com. Let's remember in fact, we just get the marmalade here Trying to with pink Floyd pink Floyd I push him over the wall, okay push his me over the edge Here's a derail hello I Needless to live in the dreal. Yes, sir Is it seriously I have George the truth there is no calls I haven't got a few now after you know that this is the way they show works I have to you know bus the gut and have an nervous breakdown and a few of them call Then we go into one of our 10-minute commercial breaks the odds wrap off and we do it all over again Yeah, I won't one of your dance books begging for calls Yeah, autographed begging for calls. That's gonna be the name of my autobiography I got a grudy with one thing the mommy Harold the biggest piece of drag Marbitre Phil whatever Agitives you can come up with it is the most pantering paper to the Hispanics right and there is nothing And it's a waste of time that can keep doing it from now until the end of time and I still hate it like poison I hated like poison. I'm Hispanic and stand it all right Just thought I'd go in and let you know about the Harold that I hate them well Yeah, I got bad news the Jews were moving back in ever great. They pal later. Yeah, yeah, the Jews were all moving back in baby 567 and by the way tell square eggs. He's a big liar by the way John Pina's got their intelligence full of crap as usual Oh, yeah, Neil said he would do the same spot 16 times today because we got ball game Yeah You notice that they're running Neil Roger spots in the ball games in these awful exhibition games now because number one the rate is a hell of a lot higher Number two, they don't want to lose the revenue from those spots and number three they can't sell like that whatever that team is no another can't sell it 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T while the slime we're gonna go through a whole show today without one woman Right we haven't had anything even resembling over today. Have we not even close not in the ballpark We're gonna jolt and jolt and measure Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, Neil how you doing long-tell this man. I I wanted to get in touch with the ever since last week about him or I never got the chance Yeah, or nearly I agree with a lot of the things you say and you know a lot of the music that you play You're the one who actually introduce me to Luis Miguel I'll be feel the other people that you that you play and I'm a little bit of had never even heard of him until you Decided to put him on the air, but I just I wanted to tell you that song that you played from that That's like number one in England is not right now. Yeah, yeah Party yeah, I'm I mean I'm sorry Neil, but that was terrible. I love that. I Know what I mean all day I mean good, but good at be because I mean I know you but seeing how much better You know the lifestyle and everything is in Europe, but I really I've been here because it's a pretty good I ain't a British group I hate England. I hate everything about England and it's a British group So why would I have anything to do with it? I don't know But I mean it sounded like a cross between a living in John and Stacy lattice. Oh my god It did her mom No, I'm serious. Yeah, I love it. Oh, I mean everybody's not I like it. Okay, I mean it's it was like it. Oh, but it was a bit Lloyd, but I know but I mean you were saying about You were doing Very Why I mean it was It was very very balloony see when I played it. I knew I know that's why I played it because I knew that I would be the only one who liked it But I mean I at least don't give the reason that like that that are that are that your listeners music taste It's very very vanilla because it couldn't get much more vanilla than that record well Maybe I'll start eating vanilla It's got less car I actually like vanilla. Okay, I was the king of elvenus. All right, I'll read it actually. Okay, open line and brown 600 day county. Where's all those sticks in day county, huh? I'll have been here from a lot of spics. I don't know what this thing is with this board This this phone bank they should only take it to the bank. Okay, and stick it in the bank president record what they should do with it 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line is you gonna make it till two today. Oh no chance less than none We're gonna have to play this whole I found this laying around at the house by the way one hit wonders Like the Marmalade and there's some pretty a weak stuff on here to be honest with you and you can understand why so these are just never had another hit for example Like the singing none. No, that's Georgia's favorite by the way. That's his kind of music the singing freaking none number one in the holiday. Yeah And then there's always Oh The legend of Billy Jack what a good bad look at his what is his yolvin Grandpa Can't imagine why they didn't have enough a lot of big Think of it. I like it do you like chili really hot chili To try oh Malay's new really F***ing hot chili that's right oh Malay's new really f***ing hot chili is so hot it's guaranteed to burn the rough of your F***ing mouth or your money back Made from the hot of telepynos fights as entrepreneurs after just one fight you'll say wow that's the hottest f***ing chili I've ever tasted That's a Malay do really f***ing hot chili from the makers of Good chaturin stick and so Pixel my picture in grosser today remember if it's not on Malay's it's not that f***ing hot 114 to five 60 WK money while you're getting confused about Georgia to understand they just lie up there And they just make it up as they go along because they don't care They do not care Because I'm sure that the clients that want us to keep doing the same spot over and over and over again one day But it's just a numbers game. Okay, only they want 100 spots. Well, let's don't get it in today. Okay, they're buying 100 spots. Let's get them in between noon and two They might not you know reach like a holder for audience to those two hours, but nevertheless we'll get them on a year We'll take them on a thank you like it says on the side in the other room just give us the F and money. Thank you So anyway, this Frank Richard the call to show on Friday this dark and plucked guy This jazz guitar at anywhere he sends us the pictures as promised. I just go on Frank. Thank you all of the really gross Of himself and his girlfriend with the aerosmith first with Stevie Tyler and Joe Perry and oh my god Steve Colory music is great Stevie, but boy men are you a gruesome bizarre looking as if I didn't already know that thing I'm even more gruesome than I thought here's a crawl springs. Hello, no, yes, sir. You have quite a music collection there Yes, ready to hand them in last week. I was enjoying all the beatboys though. Yeah. Do you have their box collection by chance? Do I have their box set the box set? Yeah somewhere somewhere I didn't know if you had I was gonna tell you it's great. I was gonna go to all the time I got everything they've ever recorded Oh, it did But anybody who tells me that the beatboys I said I want to rehash it again that they're better than aerosmith God Brea marginal taste. I I don't know if it's not in the same league So and the beach boy you're in my opinion if it was it for the British invasion Which is coming in NASA's and NASA's and NASA's and somebody different groups Would have better that the dead beetle today What would have been better than the beetles? How the beetles are highly overrated the beetles early music was bubble to the warrior was pretty bubble gum when driving Me and my right absolutely yeah, and everything else happened But after that you had the animals in the day clock five and it just kept so much that it just overshadows Yeah, American music well the animals were good British music invasion overshadow only American the world of marginal even our humans Yes, not a way one. Henry D. Yeah, yeah, I'm at the one hit one who is the one I'm there what is it? Is that peanut kaleidosome on that one hit one so is no I think like I would agree with you Mama latel My life one greatest songs in the history of the human racer. I remember that was on one the record I believe when are you saying? Lou, but Lou laid a lot later. Okay, I think I played it out Hit playing some good music. Okay Okay Caramel The marmalade and reflection What is that? I did with a beach boys and husher by god dammit You know what I need we need to find the original the mystics and husher by I guarantee if if we get that in here somehow somewhere from somebody I will be a moist I Will moisten my unbeez if we get that or I'm gonna just yeah, moisten them that way Seriously, don't you love that record the mystics the original husher by oh God That's music baby Thanks, Lloyd my ass you've been at I was peak-border too long, you know, I like that guy who's part of Friday little feet I got some little feet for you. Okay, take a whiff. Tell it Here's a mobile and watch pombie chill out Neil how are you great? I said a relay is a little something to have me over the weekend. It was amazing. I was jogging early Saturday morning in the beach and the pombie Yeah, and I come along and it looks like there's a girl there on the beach I think oh my god this girl must have passed off in the night before If she looks like you know, dressed from the evening was the birthday Mary by a jet I don't think the name was Mary and I'm sure now she's not a virgin but As I got up there I realized that there was two guys staying in right at this next door Both were in suits after it's he threw us but out on that long come to find out it's to attorneys And the one attorney's gonna go so what should we do and then I'm just standing in the back I think it was well, it's not so weak that I wouldn't even let it finish that tuba that was and old and Terrible just not that this is the best material you bring to the table the day folks week pathetic tragic I'm embarrassed talk about a tragedy I'm embarrassed for you 560560 on the AT&T wireless line Yeah, maybe it's gonna be all music week this week you know that it's gonna be a big pile of crap Every mother's on hand Jaggedic man This is pretty good I get about a six in the hand I'm gonna scale a 90 Oh And if that doesn't make you puke up lunch this will Another one hit wonder garbage Thank you Okay, where we going here's a pay phone in Oakland Park, hello Is my gonna follow that guy? Yeah, anyway, are speaking about the ineptity of the Mac arenas Last one say I went to the game and buried after the catch So I took my hat like every other a evening to it out on the ice right? I think did that I remembered it's got a pin of Euro and a no-PM 10 in a couple of pins and key That was a nice one what is the thing that they're oh my god Oh, in between two and three I go up to there The women in the brown coat said customer or gas relations or whatever they call them yeah the blind prince I swear had out there that was my punti or a kid and I kind of wanted to get it back Is there any way we can do that? No, if you give you this number Problem number this is the Wayne second to start assistance so I call it up the next morning She said yeah, of course Then someone in the night before said yeah you can get your hat back. It's called problems. It's hard to be able to identify it So I call up the next morning and I get this woman very fairly woman Can I help you can't there's while alive? So yeah, I do my hat on the ice and I wanted to see if there was a way to get it back Oh, no, that's impossible. You can't do that I said well, I come to the woman in gas relations that you could do that She said yeah, I said yes, she says okay, hold on She puts me on the line with some other small ice and said I took my hat on the ice last night Yeah, I'm going to get relations and I make a long three short. Huh did you get a back? No, I'll be on up on me. All right Well, he's used to it. Okay. We have an open line in brown at five six seven on ELEVAL. Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 to it. By the way, I've changed my mind about the greatest record of all time after playing it on the year on Friday It's not crying. It's You're the name like this. You sure how marginal his taste is That's saddled you can sit there you can taste an album is nice I don't believe we don't know your death. You like a region Right on Let me see You don't like the series This song is so amazing. He's so unbelievable But you don't and he's sitting in there playing pink Floyd crap Oh Here's what Miami hello What Miami? Oh, yes, yeah sure. Is this Neil speaking Neil? Long time listener actually long time lunch time listener. I now want to call you about big county I completely agree with you Oh, I thought how bad it is the the insurance rates a crazy drivers the highways it's suck and the service is sucks down here But as a a green go that grew up in the right wing Farm fields of Ohio. I got one thing that keeps me in this town. Yeah, and sure you'll completely agree It's the Julios yeah Meaning the Julios the beautiful Julios that's what keeps me in Miami. Yeah, yeah They're all horny anyway. You're right. They're all horny and agreeable As long as you can you know do it in the dark somewhere. We have an open line in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Worked I'm telling you we're coming back. We're all moving back to date. We're gonna make it instead of the Julios It's gonna be the Julios baby. Oh, look out just to piss the hero off those anti semi-chip the hero Those farbiz in a glam at the hero In fact, if you look up anti-Semitism and the dictionary you'll just see pictures in the entire editorial board They're all on there every goddamn one of them and there's John Knight right next to it Lums are bastards Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. All right for a pecanning. I was calling to see if you read the article yesterday some semi-bought the old Jews That's what I was talking about no, no, the one in the center. I know about how they won't allow political signs in the condos Oh, I didn't see that. Oh, yeah, they're not allowing the political signs of the condos So what they're doing is they're giving out free pot holders and female files With the political people's names on it. Oh, there you go. And they love it. You know, they don't want to know about the canters or the issues They don't care, but where's my pot holders? I'm believe I'm out of thing. How about if they put their names on conditions? The rest go out. Yeah, there you go. I'm just put your name out of condition just before you put it in your mouth Oh, he must be great. This is wonderful. I'll put it on the shore where then they're bound to have it right that's right They'll have it forever because they're taking it all with them right That's unbelievable the other thing I think I could put their names on a pickles And the role yeah, you get the role to boy and let's take a menu home for semi- yeah Anyway, the barbarians. Oh, it's horrible The other thing I would give him is to do the thing about wrestling absolutely right I have this coach in high school That he was coaching the wrestling in the frontier And he was one of the most unemotional guys you'd ever meet in your life until he would start coaching the wrestling Yeah, it'd be like oh now you got to get behind this guy you got to put it your arm there You got to do this that's when he the only time he would show emotion You got to get on it Right exactly I'm out of a burial okay, Belle. I'll be free to leave the road you man. See on the man. Okay Okay, Broward's open more fine. Yeah, I'll be brought him on the closet a couple of them today. It's a flag event And if you want to continue you know looking in American vintage yourself that all the time you were grappling with that guy Sweating up his dorm grab any of those private and Stephanie said there's armpits on that med that it was a real masculine thing to do We believe you Down my dad I go I know It mob that's can each pick the skin is check. I know You're too sweet that heroin feet. He's got too layoff the floor Keep moths that genie chick. We want to know what's the deal Close the trap when you're in rehab your worst then alley Mcbeard I'll 30 at five 60. Nobody QM there's uh Jotten Joe to measure you and the late Maryland Monroe Guess what they're both dead That's right if you've been sleeping in if you like we're hung over overnight and you just call out of the sack You're laying there and reach over and turn on your video. Jotten Joe to measure was finally dead After threatening us with it after tying and playing with our emotions week after week Month after month He's dead So anyway, I look at my billboard thing here my top pop singles of all time and Sure, I'm not making a case for a bit, but I use this as an example for those people I like to play this statistic scheme. Oh, they sold more records than anybody else They had more in the top 10 it means nothing It's a question of taste Because if you're gonna go by that here right on the same pages back to back here is Connie Francis who you know I'll be honest with you. I'll even admit that some of her songs I liked I mean, you know, not great But look at all the hits she had my happiness who sorry now Let's stick on your collar Frankie among my souvenirs mama I'll ping everybody's somebody's school my heart has a mind of its own many tears Where the boys are from then we'll be right here in the film the four-laterdill grab breaking the brand new heart together When the boy new arms is a effect don't break the heart that loves you second of and vacation on an on a page and I have she's got in here of hits Connie freaking Francis does that make a worth top 10 artists to both no no and guess who's on the next page? That's got a page and a half is your reach for Franklin which I like your reach for Franklin is she one of the top 10 recording artists of all time? No, not close good I mean she's got chain of fools and respect and the think and think and I say a little prayer, et cetera on and on all of these things So you people want to play the statistic game to try to back up your bad taste. I mean do you my guess? It's a matter of being it's like I said before three or vanilla You are super fun for water picking. No, is it a contest? No, not in close And let's run one bit Your until you look there record you'll never admit it now You know I'm I'm sure is nobody could be to have taste that bad But that isn't it what speaking. Oh, well not sure it is you're a crazy that I didn't think specs in it I got such a headache from listening to your host got no girl Nothing nothing It's a build and build to a crescendo baby you just don't get it. I mean it's no pink Floyd There's a mobile and hell and deal hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, I You don't have a circle. Oh, I've got a whole laugh and all day. You just just listen in there me too I'm glad I came in yeah I'm my blood sugar of 900 yeah By the way, Dr. Pascal Niac over there a Cleveland clinic mr big shot Thanks for giving me a drug totally responsible which I wasn't allergic to the outlet Thanks for giving put me on a drug that's interfering with my glionase and making my blood sugar go wildly out of control Thank you so much Dr. Pascal Niac Yeah Anyway, I still get it the same way. I hope I hemorrhaged over there. Yeah, you guys one of the guy everybody over there's over the age of a hundred I should know what every time I go in here Cleveland clinic. I'm like a teenager in there everybody in the waiting room is all enough It's a man my great grandparents go in yeah. I still look at the same ways you these guys Rollin around with each other on the mat right and what I used to look at is these matches as they calm that you used to laugh the while I go you know the reason these guys have been I've been rolling around so long At this is the reason I could think of it Like you For me just have one more thing these these are mounting each other I see two guys one down on his knees They're mounting each other you don't have to draw me a diaphragm displayed to me what that is pal What just one more thing these other people who think that this race car stuff is a sport these people are out of their mind Yeah, because hanging her vocal left turn All day and then not considered that a sport. Yeah, when they start making right to insinual knowledge Consider it okay. No ever great days here excellent point don't tell Joe Kostello that I'll get pissed off I mean nobody's perfect and that's yours week. This is he's got crappy tasting sports We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T world of slime No women did I don't see one woman on the thing there we haven't had one woman call all day long today About anything Probably because most of the women out there are married to guys who used to be wrestlers in high school and they turned out to be Yeah, you know I don't want to you fill in the blank It turned out to be Here's Miami hello Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I hate the orals because I'm gonna play in Cuba. Yeah, if you didn't got social Michael, yeah, okay Open line of date week five six seven oh five sixty and you notice it wasn't other You gotta get that word in there my decor and look at on my decor and gotta get that in there It's like written in the it's an unwritten rule in the economy if you respect and you make a call This show you gotta get one or preferably both words it look at on my decor Because that's a medley of their material Just check it just check them out over there a wasteland man You know what they're doing over there. You're looking for the glory holes here's the lighthouse point hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir long time second time all right. I'm gonna talk to you some state day today You I have to agree with you. I want thing. I love that step song From that group right heartbeat that would it's called heartbeat. Yes. I had the unfortunate I don't know instant of seeing the video for tragedy over the weekend at a bar It's a cute group even for girls, but they didn't have it for that even for girls the two guys in there are ugliest sin The guys the two guys are grow test your three the chicks aren't bad, but the two guys are ugly as hell Yeah, the girl aren't bad. Who cares what they look like good looking people rarely make good music I was wondering do you have that whole album or such as one song both? Lucky lucky. Yeah, no way to get it over here. Oh, yeah, fam In country Okay, sure time thanks five because your neighborhood fat bar. They'll have it Oh, there's book of Ryan just came in and should get that one guy all whipped up your good buddy book of Ryan's here Okay, and he said he hopes you have got them excellent on your rectum and have bleeding hammered in the bloody stool's okay Even worse than the ones that roar had a few months ago Because it's just awful Okay They got me best of earth that you ever All right They tell you this country where the country You You You You Okay 144 You know what we happen any women today women are embarrassed all over America after that piece did you see 20 20 last night? Which I didn't see the whole thing, but I saw the last segment on this thing where they're not light post sucks It's new the yellow that where they what do they call it like surgery where they remove all the saggy of fat And leave this big gigantic scar, but anyway, they showed mostly women the one guy they had on their heat They had a black out as crazy with too embarrassed to be what why you not in your head Yeah, I couldn't if she would be embarrassed why? Because men are supposed to be vain. They are but they're not supposed to be oh But I'm just fat not vain fat and did so in any way to women they hit on there. I maybe feel so much better about myself I mean they had I'm not talking about women who you know, I just given birth I'm talking about middle women like my age and a little bit younger They had enormous globs of fat like behind the legs, you know And on the Reckham and I mean and oh I have they they you know, they were shown before and after pictures No, I you know, I look in the mirror and it's a it's not a pretty side Okay, it did ugly thing. I got a real big public and I got like a second stomach It was by the way I never mentioned this when I was on vacation Here's the greatest thing that's happened to me this year All right Make me feel better about myself already I'm not vacationed to Amsterdam and I've seen there what I'm more gonna take it a leak okay, and they had the mirror in the bathroom is one of those It's like real long you don't talk about the mirror was the only thing in there was long But anyway, and so I'm taking a leak and I noticed I look in the mirror and I'm kind of like for whatever reason I'm holding back all this flat that surrounds my You know what I'm saying and I thought to myself oh my god I have a penis oh Seriously, I mean not like a big joggedy, you know, penis Not like a real like manly, but like amazing But see when you're real fat Do I have to tell you this when that no seriously the fat has this impact on all the organs of the body and like Squishes all the like you're liver and all that stuff and he and your kishies together and then but it also hold and they'd like you like back It enshrouds it it enshrouds it like exactly Have you ever seen it like it's sucked in if I can use that expression under the weight of all that fat and flat That's hanging down in the locker room the fat guys in the locker room. Yeah, I never looked at the fat guys in locker room You can't see it at all right. It look like I have a vagina Well, maybe they do I know alcohol food got a vagina That's where every time a stomach tells him to go I'm so happy that's okay, but seriously, so I and I'm looking at the mirror and also I I physically reached down and Push the fat back and I'm thinking to myself oh my god look at that Wow It's almost like a real goddamn human penis one more reason not to be fat Because the fat and you that was a good word used and shrouds your member And it like just it kind of like it's uh like a vacuum thing back up in there to the body and you can't even find it You got to get a surf party. You call that a penis now. I do Wow, I was pretty goddamn impressed for me But anyway, see these broads under last night. Oh you have seldom in your life seen anything so growth test So gruesome no one of these a lot of people are like to make sure the lights are out I mean don't let any sunlight in there at all sweetheart God forbid you might see something Here's a lagooning hills California. Hey, you. Yes, sir happy belated anniversary. Thank you Been at Pantson's on you on this and I got some little quick about the internet your website. Yeah, it's Ex-out where it says your name and it says the George R. Rodriguez show Let's still up there from vacation. Yeah, really yeah better get on Eric better get on top of Eric and the new has been updated since the 8th of February Yeah, come on Eric. Let's get with us. We know what's going on up there I'm leaving maybe some of fascists kidnapped him up in Orlando Listen, the I thought it's website and the internet that'll crack you up to die for it duty.com and it's like all potty humor It's crazy. Yeah, it's crazy. Want to go check it out. Okay. Love any of thanks. Yeah. There's a guy called from Lagoon and he'll scala for you on his dime How do you like that? Are they calling from Dayton Brower? No 1600 open line 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 to wireless. I'm gonna show you just just to get even with you all the way home Over and over again I Oh Why do I have to waste so much in my life debating the obvious? I mean, I bet they're not even debatable It's just there. It's just great. It's like arguing about fish food. Is it good, you know Even the guppies like it We're allowing Jerry whole will on the right handle dog And when I woke up today up with my TV on and instead of Kathy Lee or CNN I saw a purple creature with a gay sign on his head. It wasn't upside down try ankle purple thinking Down try ankle purple thinking Where just when I thought we screwed and get worse. I know to see with Harry you know little first I can they call this a children show Scratch We're almost about Christian hundreds partsroom leading But on the leopard television use TV street is half the purple scene is pointing straight at me That was blowing an oyster the hole in the thing Okay, it's 1.50.