What's up with you? What's up with you? I'm a data browser. Yeah, that's me giving you a lunch money. Are we having a little problem? You two AM by the heavy force line of power that's the Neil Ratton. No, no, no. Carlton, Neil, call 567-0560-tole-free for David Rarrer. Or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, or the Feezy-Rot-Cast Group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-tole-A-F. All right. I've been to the Smith-Germ, Brock Wurst in the Star World crowd. I love the whole of this pit-gold, our rules of parallel out. I put on the, you know, holds it and I wear a lot of hats. The Jones of the Craftsman, the Jones of the Craftsman, the Jones of the Craftsman, it was down your home, and then it was just high, very dense. I'm sitting on the I'm sitting at the pole, John. Feel your fear, John. Sing a nightly boat, John. You can't be roll time, you're the difference. I'm sitting on the pole, John. Sing your fear, John. Sing another empty boat, John. Sing a nightly boat, John. Oh, you're right. Sing a boat, John. The band goes on the power, and in a day of holy ground, the dead will go, Grandma. During a day of holy ground, the dead will go, and the dead will go, bring someone to the boat, John. He's not a terror, Bob. Listen to the two of them, Bob. Listen to them, Bob. Come on, come on. Here's where Bob does, Bob. Come to the sea, Bob. Let's go there tonight. Come on. 10 or 3 at 5.60 WQM, happy Thursday to it. Boy, got a nice short show today. Oh, it was the way we like it. Nice and short. Anybody like it. Nice and short, because I could up the out. So at any rate, we got that big Marlon game. Any interest in that? Oh, what is this morning? Boy, you talk about beating the dead horse. Wow. Woo. Heavy. By the way. Happy birthday to the little dog. Joe Rose 42 today. You think that once you get to be 42, you know, have like a certain, uh, I don't know. Like you would transcend a lot of that kind of juxtap mentality. But I guess when you wore one every day, if you're like even days when you were playing the games, it's just lingers forever. But be that as it may? No interest in Alex Fernandez. Is there anybody cares about him? No. The Marlon's. No. Who lost 400 in the wrong. That's 105 to pregame this afternoon. We got a short show again today. And some people in the audience are saying, Oh, Jesus Christ. We get raped for another hour today. And we're saying, Ah, yeah. Is what we're saying. That was wrong with that. Love those Marlon's, especially on days when I got a, uh, day game. By the way, let's go spurri. I scored last night didn't see any of that. Not one second of it. Just tuned in, uh, to get the score. And I said, oh, right. There you go. Shop these damn New Yorkers in the back where they came from. Go up to MSG. Maybe put a little MSG on your goddamn, uh, pizza. They get out there on the 34th street. Where are you buying it? Well, in the waiting room. Now because it's real safe, you know. It's real safe. It's boring. It's, uh, plastic. At any rate for some strange reason, the same news. Pay for the mommy here all the years today. Give us on the front page about a station on a Phantom frequency. 17. Because very jackass and the hero to got to vendetta again. QAM on their front page of the front section for some reason. They don't seem to be too heavily into this story about the prostitution ring in Kendall, involving the cops. Miami Beach cops, Miami cops and got only those how many other cops. It would seem to me that this is a pretty big story. Am I right? Uh, yeah. Pretty major story. Not only a prostitution ring, but with minors for Christ's. Oh, God. Putting an add a new time saying very busty youngest girls, barely legal and it turns out to find out. They're not even close to being legal or barely. They're like barely illegal. And it held out. It only doesn't figure this is a big story. I, I scoured my paper this morning. Couldn't find nothing about it. All the TV news stations are all over like Stinkon. You know what? So we'll get into that because you do understand that with many of the porters. Not all of them. There's a couple of good cops. One or two. One. But when you got that gun into badge on there, the philosophy is don't do as we do do as we say. Or else. So next time you see a cop driving recklessly, you know, going like about 90 miles an hour, 110 miles an hour. We're leaving it out of traffic. That was his lights on chasing anybody, but just trying to make the guy damn first donuts at the quarter, convenience store or whatever it is. Next time you see that don't get pissed off about it. Just remember that when you were the badge in the gun and the uniform, it's don't do as I do do as I say slow down. You ask, oh, I better write your ticket and out of my way. And this business with the cops and hookers. I mean, this is something brand new. Yeah. I mean, I can remember first the first day I came here. March is 76. And it was a big thing with the same old tired stuff on this game. Boulevard with the decoy cops and the hookers and this. And then come to find out the cops were like, you know, making sure that the hookers completed the job. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, completed the job and then say, oh, by the way, you're under a rest, sweetheart. Crack the a blow job two by the way. In fact, I think that's how they would decide how long it's been. By the equality of the ahead, but it anyway, that is it made. Don't forget if the first things at the head. And a same newspaper by the way that ever and the is oblivious, the things that a big news story is that we're going to get some competitions supposedly out of station that nobody can pick up and put it on a front page. The same newspaper for the eight million time. Oh, my God, are you people old and ponderous or what Jesus Christ? Another editorial today in the Harold and casino leases. What a surprise. Because we know that Governor Jim was wife would never try to smuggle anything without paying her fair share. Governor Jim and Bobby Butterworth, goody two shoes, Bobby. They're doing their best. They are working overtime to make sure that we don't get the end of it. And that we don't renew the leases on these cruise ships. That's right. Make. We don't want them to floor to ports because there's gambling going on there. It's evil. It's bad. When is it going to stop? That's what it says at the end of this editorial. When is it going to stop? And this is the same newspaper by the way. And I remember this very vividly just here for weeks ago, reading and they had a whole section about Vegas in Atlantic City and Bolluxy and how people are flocking to these places in all the revenue that's coming in. And I think that's a great time everybody's having. And here are the phone numbers and all the two numbers in the 800 numbers. It's set of them so on. Like these were the greatest places on a face of the earth, but if it happens in full, see gambling is evil and not all gambling. Because then they go on again with their tortured logic here. It says the casinos lobbyists argue that the gambling of all the ships isn't much different from that at state sanction facilities, such as racetracks and high-life front tons. Yet that's not quite true. The unusual way to be necessarily regulated and heavily taxed these ships are not. And by the way, these ships are not. This is the same newspaper that fought tooth and nail with Mickey Harrison on his side to make sure we got the American Airlines Arena built their downtown and helped to get him a new strip built there at the port of Miami. And what's Mickey Harrison's business? It's cruise ships with gambling. But when it was in their interest, then it was a good thing. Let's get that arena built and let's get downtown renovated and make the value of one hero plaza like a hell of a lot more than it is now. Because it's been a slum there for 25 years. So anything that's in their hairls interest, it's good. If everybody else wants it, it's bad. So Mickey Harrison's a great guy if he can do something for the hero and make their property more valuable. But if he's got cruise ships going out there, then he's a bad guy. Even though they fought tooth and nail to pull it over on the public along with Mayor Peanus, who's not trying to pull it over on the public with that penny sales tax, but an election on a Thursday and then middle of the summer on July 29th, when 90% of the people with a brain are going to be out of town. Does anybody care about these things? Oh, no. So we'll get back to the hero that it's early. This is the 400th by the way, in a 50,000 part series on why casino gambling is evil. Just remember that all you kids out there that are out of school don't ever go anywhere in New York, because you'll go straight to hell. Satan is in their wagging his pitchwork in his tail. And if you go anywhere near that casino, you're going to burn at the very least in purgatory for about 400 years and then drop right down the elevator shaft to hell. You're going to get the old shaft. That's what Isaac Cases and he'd be working to guide the Emerald. When does it stop? When does it stop? It says at the end of this, this is pathetic. And then Carl Heisen has got this whole thing about the penny sales tax and about the metro rail. And my gosh, where we insane the metro rail, which he says by the way, where's that one line? One of America's most infamous mass transit failures. And who was it that helped to put the metro rail over on the public? The money here! Colin, which you'd feed in every name in the book. And I see her 20 years later, he's still the only one coming back fighting off his crazy penny sales tax. I'd go and dick. Van here, bad job on a national anthem, but at least he's there fighting the good fight. We got one guy, one guy that's fixing Lishon, Dave County, and all the rest of us bailed out, thank God. Topless. And the Harold Boy, they've sure done their part. And they continue doing their part day after day. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQM, or you're selling your home looking to buy one. Maybe you're moving out of day. Good move, by the way. I shut up before I beat the crap at you. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problems. I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system or Mayas. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at Mayas. All right. We have not addressed networking aspects yet. So currently only one person at a time can use Mayas. This restriction will be removed after Mayas expands. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in Mayas before. I helped her through the first time and after word she admitted that it was relatively painless. And she was actually looking forward to doing it again. And was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in Mayas. As my ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here. Stick this in Mayas. It will be a great day when we need data quickly. And our employees can respond, here it is. I just pulled it out of Mayas. That's 16 at 5.60. Nobody curious how interesting that Joe Costello is out again today. Maybe Joe's under the weather. Sickest man I've ever seen in my life for somebody that young. Although I think he's probably paying me back for shining at the track last night. Because he came in yesterday said, I'm thinking about taking a friend of mine up to Pompeto Park tonight. And I decided, well, if he's going, I'm not. You believe that Joe? Not true. Now actually, my little dog had to stay at the vet again overnight. Now I want to leave my big dogs sitting there like looking around like we're busy. Haven't too much of a good time. And the reason my little dog had to stay at the vet for a second night and maybe he is coming home today and his sicker and a dog is because I have a killer mom. I don't want to start selling like George too much. Rippin my mom a big fat ass. But you know something I might anyway today. Because yesterday at lunch at mommy's, I finally weedled out of her killer millie. That she was feeding the dogs. Well, just a few soda crackers and of course, she's admitting to a few soda crackers. God only knows what other swirl, what other people food, what other crap she's been pushing in their posts. Wow, they look so sad. Yeah right. See, this is a woman, so I've been too generous with her over the years. This is a woman. She puts on a good act, you know, pretends that she's naive like eat a bunker, you know. That she does not understand what she's doing. There's a method to her madness, killing everybody with kindness. People, dogs, her neighbor there with a mandal bread. The day a couple of years ago she gave me all of that mandal bread that take the share of the IOD. Knowing full well that I would eat most of all of it in the car, which I did. Yesterday we got to Ed lunchtime, which is always a 14 course lunch for whatever bizarre reason. And for the second we could roast she's got shrimp, little shrimp with the cocktail sauce. And I noticed last week the cocktail sauce seemed awfully sweet, and when I went home, my butcher was soaring. So I said to we yesterday before we started eating with Slamia's, what's in his cocktail sauce? She goes in a refrigerator, it brings me out of container of some crab she put in it. And the second ingredient on there is high-frupped those corn syrup. Sugar, pure sugar, high-frupped those corn syrup. So I read it to us at Akinni. Oh, I like sugar. Is her response. I like sugar as what she says, so what she responds to her diabetic son. And as far as her neighbor upstairs with the mandal bread, well, he's got a wife, let her eat it. The whole world is wrong. Millie is right. The rest of us are all on a step. This woman is right. Killing my dogs with kindness. Only a few soda crackers, and by the way, anybody ever feed soda crackers to a dog? Oh, anybody with a brain? Oh, nice, you bigger than their thumbnail? No, no. So maybe that's why my little dog was, what all over the place and the puking and all that kind of other stuff. And why I had to spend all this money having them at the bed for at least two days and got all those how many more? Nice going, ma. You know, I'm going to tell you, the market on those condos and Hollywood is zooming up there. I think I could make a real big buck on that one that I'm, well, be that as a man. I don't want to get nervous, you understand? Now that I'm her landlord, you try to do nice things. You buy your mother a car for cash, no car payments. You buy her condos, so if you don't have to worry about being put out on a streetbiter sister or if anything happens. Ren free, try to be nice, send a nice check over there every month to make sure that she's got enough money to buy the ingredients to make the mandal bread. And they are soda crackers. And yet you still can't resist killing everybody with food. I guess it's a Jewish thing, you know what I'm saying? Oh, telling everybody with food. Whether they want it or not. By the way, speaking of whether they want it or not, let's say our usual poll that we do very quickly here, a little screamous on a Marlem game today. We got the Marlem pregame coming up at 105, the Marlem's in the method 135. Let's find out if we have any people who are going to be listening to that Marlem game this afternoon here on 560 WDQN. Come on, let's hear it. Get the audience involved very briefly because once I get started with this other stuff and we got a short show. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. Any interest whatsoever, that Marlem game is said, well, we'll find out. I'll get them WDQAN. WDQAN. How come these aren't on the air, by the way? Don't tell me we're having a phone problem. WDQAN? Oh no. Why is my life flashing before my eyes? Why do I have this sick feeling in the pit of my stomach? That because Joe Costillo decided to stay home again today, they were having all sorts of technical problems and not going to get the phone on the air. Why do I have that sick disgusting feeling inside my pooper today? WDQAN? Who the hell are the Marlem? Okay, oh, there we go. WDQAN? Hello? Yes, sir? You might speak a meal. Speaking? Oh, a meal. Yes. I will not listen to the Marlem games. I will not watch the Marlem games. Yes? They were stuck. Okay, thank you. Okay, there's a gentleman who just appointed something out that I think most of us may have missed. That is the Marlem suck. You're not thinking about that guy that called yesterday that, and it sounded so contrived to me. I was just going to get into the luncheon and some of the executives from all four of the sports franchises were there. And my name came up in a conversation at what are we going to do about New York and he's killed us? I got news for it. I'm not the one that's killing you. You're shooting yourselves in a guy damn feet. Put a crappy product on there. Nobody gives a crap. Nobody has the least bit of interest. And it's my fault. You know, it's the dog done it. WDQAN? WDQAN? Yeah, just calling in? Yes, sir? About the Marlem. Yes, you're going to be listening? Yes. You're going to be listening to the Marlem game. I certainly will be. Are you interested in Alex Fernandez? Well, yes. I'm picture, I guess. Yeah. Okay, thank you. We finally found one. If he could only call the morning show this morning. Wow. We wasted more time talking about the Marlem and that big fat cow Alex Fernandez, who's all bent out of shape by the way that they're more Yankee fans in the game. When he puts on the Yankees were playing that weekend. Then Marlem fans all bent out of shape. It makes him feel so bad. And probably the first rate to me goes on each more and more. That's what B.F. You can really first rate it. I know that, bro. You know, like after leaving mom's yesterday and finding out how she's killing all of us and poisoning the dogs and the family. I ran out there and got some bad injuries. I was so aggravated. It's pretty good, by the way. Here's the key way, still out. Hello? Yes, sir. Hello, Neil. I'm calling about your pole. Yes, sir? The Marlem's bull. Okay. Here's a mobile and form water deal, hello. No. We did find one guy who said that he was going to be listening and he does like Alex Fernandez. He's a chubby chase, who's what he said. WQAM. WQAM. Yeah, I want to speak to Neil. Speaking, there must be the people from the hero, the hang-ups. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. Listen, I just want to make a comment. I used to listen to the first team all the time. Yeah. And enjoy them. Even though you might think I'm crazy for saying that. Yeah. But I just got so sick of the commercials. And I know that disguise making big bucks. The company, because it's not they wouldn't be doing it. So I understand that, but speaking from a fan point of view. Yes, sir. That's also sick and tired of listening to them for two minutes and listening to 16 minutes of commercial and I got so bored. So now I just listen to you. And whatever you've got to speak about them, I get in for them. And whatever the hell's going on. But I really want to be. Yeah. Yeah. Little bugged in a fight. And I heard you say that he got to spend it. And from what I gathered, he got to spend it because he was complaining to the management of our commercial. Yeah. Because he was being weighed. No, not because he was complaining because he was two in an ass out of the program director. And a few in F. this and that you can't do that to the boss. So he got suspended for two days. Right. But I mean, because the ranch was out of town in the, the straw boss decided he would flex his muscle. Right. But is the reason why he was complaining because of the show. We don't understand the program director doesn't have anything to do with how many commercials. The program director doesn't make the format. He doesn't run the radio station. The sales department runs this radio station. Well, I was waiting at the wrong guy, yes, sir. So I'm going to be in the office because I don't understand. They have so many and you don't. And because of my contract because we won't allow them to do it because they got a better contract than they did. All right. And have a great day. Yeah. Today they start running nine minutes breaks in this show with the day they can put Christina back on here on midday. But that's either here and there. You don't understand. Is it, is it here or there? Huh. I don't want to rehash that whole thing would join the format again. But I will say this, those sports updates I mentioned yesterday. And our program director does have the power. See if they would take him out in the hallway and beat the crap out of him about that about those awful repetitions sports updates. I'd say, now you're talking. Now you're beating the crap out of the right guy because that's his department. He's the one responsible for that grotesque format. It's unlawless. It's unlawless. Okay. Now say it again. Two days ago, I'm driving home listening to the Humphor. And that, you know, he comes on and does his piece and the rambles on with the monologue and then we go to the first commercial break at about a quarter after. And then twenty two after we come back and we go into a sports up. They would be over to hear the brilliant that crap. And it goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and here's the sports for the format. Alright, fill it. Thank you. That doesn't take a rocket side to figure that out. But you know something, someday maybe, someday maybe again before they stick my ass in the ground. Wow, I guess it won't happen because I'm sticking out here for three years. Or less. I was hoping maybe someday and work for somebody who could actually turn on their radio and listen to something and decide if it sounded good. If it decided to format sounded right decided if some voices belong down here things like that decided if the commercials. You know, when I for I want to rehash for 18 months ago, but I'm sure if you've been listening a long time. Remember when I first came to this radio station, we go into a commercial break in here. And we were running spots that were unintelligible. We had car machines that were like older than Thomas Edison. And and the sponsors were paying from this crap, you know, and it took me 18 months to realize I don't give a sh** me more. Yeah, they didn't care what they what are they screaming about that. What are they complaining about? It's not there to pop in anyway. We don't care if the sponsors are an ultimate get Johnny or we just want their money. That's all. We got to pay weed. We got to pay John Henry and you people think I'm making this stuff up. That's exactly what this place is all about. It's a tribute to Greg Reed's ego because he wants to be Mr. Sports. He wants to smooth with all these juxtaporders. That's his whole thing in life, you know. And when you marry into a family, it's got a lot of money. You can afford the luxury of doing crap like that, you know. Be a big shot. I could be a big shot too, with somebody else's money. No problem at all. Condon, please. I've seen all of a started with just asking it. I'm going to be listening to Marlon. The simple question like that and they hate the Marlon so much that I'm already whipped up in the We're frenzy. You know what I'm talking about? You're Rogers. You've heard of Barbie and Kid. Now from you dropped a bomb on me, products. Come, the Larry Flint doll. Such Larry special spot and Larry Flint talk. Yeah, the kids will love the all new Larry Flint doll. And they can't parking space back. Larry Flint computer accessories. So you can dig up all the dirt on your friends and neighbors. Whether it's true or not. It's not the prettiest doll you'll ever own. It's the Larry Flint doll. But actually, we'll share and split magazine sold separately. Eeeey. Exactly. 1032 at 560 WQA in. Oh, and I also should mention. I don't want to rip my mother too much, but I do want to tell you this. Okay. Just so this is out in public on a year. Just in case I ever come home from vacation one day and find it. Both of my dogs are missing because they've been merciless. I put this leaf prematurely. Because the little dog is at the vet. Thanks to their overfeeding him and feeding him all the other crap. And he gained a pound and a half over the weekend. When you only wait 10 pounds, you gain a pound and a half. That's a very substantial amount, especially in two days. That was only 600 soda crackers. So what anyway, she says to me, this has been ever loving. She says, when you know if something happens to one of the dogs, I'd have the other one put this leaf right away. She can't wait. She cannot wait. The doctor, Mengala, of the animal world. Millicure working. Can't wait to have them put this leaf. Oh, I put my dog this leaf. Did she ever really have a dog? No, no. But as she be right, sister be again. Anyway, getting back to this, you know, this is the worst editorial in the history of the Miami-Herald. I'm going to tell you why. I'll get to it. I mean, a thing on a gambling. They've been screaming this forever. They always will because they're editorial board, they're psychotic. They're out of their minds. After it goes on about the paramutual weightoring being heavily regulated and heavily taxed and the casinos are not. It says, more over the casinos, pace of wins and losses, mostly losses because in the long run, the house always wins is potentially much faster than in paramutuals. By the way, you know anybody that makes a living as a dog? I think I know one guy that wins pretty good of the track, other than that they all lie a lot. But anyway, it says, that's because his impatient gamblers repeatedly demonstrate roulette tables and slot machines don't require that annoying weight for the horses to run. Results, someone can lose thousands and minutes of feet by no means impossible at a race track, which generally less common there. Are you following this? This is like, is this great that you got mommy and daddy right there? Just in case you're like a, you know, a stepchild, and case you're an orphan. You got mommy and daddy right there at the hill holding you by the hand. Even if you're 70 years old, they want to hold you by the hand and make sure that nobody has you lose too much money all at once. State government may not be able to rip floor to all these parasitic enterprises. Paracitic enterprises underlined by me. But it ought to be able to deny them least state land. Just as it's blocked out of renewing. Now here we go. This is the worst thing in the history of the mommy and hero. Even worse than putting that thing on a fun page yesterday. This is the worst. Just as it blocked out renewing the docklies of Palm Beach's snowy sailfish club a few years ago, until the club showed that it no longer excluded Jews and other minorities from joining. How do you like that? This coming from the Harold that was notorious all over the world for John S. Night's senior and who got only those hard memories of the family that runs this newspaper. Being members of an exclusive club on the beach years ago. Anybody remember that? That exploded Jews and blacks and other minorities? Remember this one? Yeah. The Harold. Talk about the podcast and the kettle purple. Jesus Christ. In evicting the ships the state would be carrying out the mandate of Florida voters. Three times they voted overwhelmingly against the law and casinos. Yet every time they turn around they see casinos making further in roads. When does it stop once the Harold and all the same newspaper that put those big articles in their few weeks ago about how great it is in Vegas and here's the toll free numbers to make your reservations and how great it is in Beluxy and the Rekin and the Dull. Anybody's having a great time. It's wonderful as long as it's someplace else. You follow that? You people at the Harold so help me. You know, it's just unbelievable. Do they have any credibility at all? No. Was that New York or our magazine article right on target? Yeah. I bet you're sweet ass. Just a bunch of pandering fools and everybody is laughing at them. Everybody laughs at them because they really believe that they're fooling somebody. And here Carl Heisen, the highly touted Carl Heisen for what reason they really don't know. Other than the Lex Alligators and other wildlife, manatees. Gravy trained and nowhere by the year 2000 people will be saying, by gosh, how did we live without it? That was Metro Commissioner Beth Phillips back in 1985. Speaking in defensive metro rail, it is now nearly 2000 people are saying, by gosh, where we insane Metro Rail was and remains one of America's most infamous mass transit failures. Now in a hastily schedule, late July election, Miami Day voters will be asked again to invest for Auditiously in the train to nowhere. And he goes on about this scam with Mayor penis and what they try to pull over on the public. Which he's right about that. But again, conveniently leaves out the fact that it was the Miami Harold that discredited Richard for you men and this stop people stop transit over people organization who are trying to stop that billion-dollar boom-doggle. They did everything that their power to make them look bad and to support the Metro Rail. And now they got the hookbook and slapped the public in the face here and say, Oh gee, this is one of the biggest failures in America. And you feel people put it over the top. And another suspicious fixed election down here in Dave County. When the last results from home instead came in there in the wee hours of the morning and turned around and looked like a feet into a victory. Another one of those elections where when you were against the Vietvo, yes, and if you weren't favorite, you had a vote. No, confused the public fixed the ballots like they did in the Miami Mayor's election. Have all the dead people voting a few times and you can put anything over in his town. Because except for 25 old Julios, nobody votes here anyway. Unbelievable. Talk about, I mean, this is all I can say about the editorial board and Carl Heissel. He has a lot of cuts about it. Jesus Christ talking about people snooty people with exclusive clubs. The snooty selfish club in Palm Beach. On newspaper whose founding fathers were notorious for the anti-Semitism and belonging to exclusive clubs that I'll run a beach. Jesus, came Christ. See they think of that everybody just came to get off their banana boat yesterday. Nobody remembers these things. But anyway, does anybody care? No, at least I got it off my chest anyway. Does anybody care about the fact that there are cops pouring out 16 year old girls in Kendall? No, no. That's the patrol cars. And we heard the reports on the TV news from the neighbors saying, oh yeah, there were cops cars coming and going all the time today. On large cars, all kinds of cuckoo. I don't know those all the cops. They're having a good time there. How do you like that? If you're law enforcement, people are going to do a good job. They got to be in a good mood. They got to have some RNR. You know what I'm saying? Even if it is with 16 year old girls, we're going to look pretty large, breast by the way. Yeah. Thank God for that. If we heard that our police were down there banging some ugly chicks with small or raising breast, then we wouldn't feel so good about it. But when you know that your law enforcement guys are down there banging some real hot young chick, even though she's only 16, you say, hey, now we're proud of the men in blue. You don't talk about it. That's what I'm talking about. Don't do as we do. Do as we say. Don't be screwed around with minors. Don't be driving too fast. Don't be a J walking. Don't be doing any other goddamn thing. And certainly don't be doing no drugs. That's right. And don't be selling drugs because we're the ones are going to take care of that. Once we confiscate all the stuff that we are intercepted here, that seems to keep disappearing by the way in date counting, especially in Miami all the time. All the drug contrabands keep disappearing. I can't imagine where to go. Oh, well, of course we got our own pipeline here in this building. Thank God for that. That's why we're in our wisdom. They built this doing just south of the Broward line. We're still in date counting here. Because we wanted to have a real close pipeline of good stuff. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm on. Too much brilliant. No, I'll throw it. Oh, crap. Oh. Yeah, no, stop. Finding this cold number, I got off that plane. After shopping in front to get your money away. I thought design was expensive bottles and jewels. And doing a time to do things. That's what you know. I tried that hard to spot. Oh, wow. And they wouldn't let me buy. But I did not get in trouble. So I thought that doesn't know why. If I'm just a little bit used by the one who really loved my life with such a table. After all, my husband brought her with some tea or the cake. I like to have a little bit of a buyer. Anything I need and just want to know. I would be just risky. That would be how you. When I get back from the top. I got. That 45 at 560 WQM prostitution ring investigation broadens. If you pardon the expression. The investigation into a prostitution ring of underage girls run by a money based police officer expanded on Wednesday into the money police department. It's spreading. I mean, spreading like crazy. And I'm only so were those girls. One day after Greg Priest, what an appropriate name that is, you know? Isn't that great? People facting in the church. We finally found a straight priest. At least that's his name anyway. One day after Greg Priest and his girlfriend surrendered on charges of pimping a racketeering. Oh, am I a uniformed officer? Was relieved to do the connections with the, the brothels in two candle homes. Said Lieutenant John Campbell, head of the Miami Police homicide department. Robbles in two candle homes with underage chicks. How do you like that? Oh, speaking of what's your name? Miami Police internal affairs denied that an officer was taken off his beat. That might be because no rest warrants were filed Campbell said. The name of the suspended officer was not released. But he is not a member of the homicide department of the special investigation section. Police were tipped off in the sex per cash operation. By an advertisement in the weekly new times that read. Very busty youngest girls barely legal. And under cover officer responded to the ad and went to one of the candle brothels. Police at a 16 year old girl working for priest and his girlfriend. Diandelle's mora morato told the officers she would have any kind of 61 for 190 bucks. Longest to those. 190 will do. The girl was arrested on May 28. She and other witnesses led police to priest 31 and morato 29. Priest resigned on Sunday and he and his girlfriend surrendered on Tuesday. Priest had been a Miami Beach officer for eight months before that he worked for the highly Anopalaca police. Juan Del Castillo spokesman for the Miami State Police Department. The leading investigative agency declined to comment on the Miami officer being relieved of duty. Neighbors near the two candle brothels and morato's highly a townhouse said police Cruisers from different departments were frequently in the parking lot. Are you following that? They must have just been checking up to make sure who's being naughty tonight. Maybe they were running the mop division. Just in there to mop up. The Miami State detective's working the case probably heard the same things that Alboza Miami Beach Police spokesman. Nice job out of Kuran and think by the way Al. Not. Boza said Miami Beach Police Chief Richard Varetto had issued a zero tolerance edict. That's with the T edict. For any additional officer linked to the sex ring, Miami Beach Police are continuing their internal investigation. While a Miami-Dade police continued their criminal investigation. Boza declined to comment on whether additional Miami Beach officers were involved. But a source at the Miami Beach Police Department of Spoke on condition of anonymity said the inquiry was picking up speed. They're looking for everything you said. They apparently saw a lot of patrol cars there. Yeah. Lots and lots of pork there so to speak. Yeah. We're failing porcupine in candle and wherever else. How do you like that? So whether it's drugs, whether it's prostitution, whether it's gambling, whether it's speeding, whether it's reckless driving, you and I think it's thought that was we do, do as we say. Just got a love it. Here's the rail. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. What did you read that article? What did you read that article from? The one you read. Sun Sentinel. You were talking about the Harold didn't show the story. I had an abroad edition not today. They had one the other day but not today. Yeah. I was going to tell you that. It's in Tuesdays, the digital of the date county. Yeah. The front section too. Okay. Also about the marlins. How come there's no follow-up? I mean this thing is now. Yes sir. I realize they got to have a lot of space out of front page for stories about Phantom radio station. On frequencies that nobody can pick up. I realize that's very important news. But it seems to me that when we have cops who are not only running prostitution rates, but with miners, it would seem to me that most people in tower be like a gas. Right. Well yeah. There isn't any follow-up. There's just that story on the Tuesday edition. Yeah. Another thing won't be speaking about the radio. I actually have a mini-disc radio in the car. And it goes up to 1710. Wow. And I do get so lucky. And I tried last night, 1700 just to see if any of the tiles clear is a ball in my hand. Right. That will listen to it anyways. No. Right. About the marlins? No way. If I can't stand watching it from the radio. Another thing. Yeah. Did you finally, I know I bothered you about this before. Did you finally see the Shawshank? No. But it's something I look forward to. See if I say I saw it. And it's the end of it. Right. Okay. I have a great day. Alright thanks. Haven't seen the, what's that other one? Did book a blind? Did you think they had a way to talk about it today? The HBL thing? The, the mafia thing. What does it mean? Whatever it's called. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. No, I have any cares about these things. And that's why I just continued this. This is, this place is like your feet are moving. It's like, you know, running in step, but you're not going anywhere. Your feet are moving, but you're not making any progress. You're not going forward. You're not going backward. You're just stuck in time. That's South Florida. And we can thank the people of the hero by the way to a larger extent for that. Plus the indifference of the masses out there also. And I'm well, confessed in most of us, we did the easy thing. I mean, what are you going to, how do you going to fight city hall when you're outnumbered? So we just ran. We turned tail we ran to Broward and Palm Beach. And any place else we could get to? And you know what I say to that? Good move. Excellent move. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. I knew this one thing we had to get in people wanted to admit. There's gambling consumers on every street in the state. The cops, back, broke the charges. Right. Okay. Thank you. And of course, thank God you can't lose $1000 there at one time. See, the hero does not only going to give you whatever news data side is the news, but they're also going to tell you how to spend your money, how to make your money, how to lose your money, where to lose your money, how fast you can lose your money. I don't think anybody with a brain is interested in looking in the God-in newspaper to decide what they want to do with their money. But these are the great moralist for our community. They're going to tell us what's evil. I mean, this great with this one line. It's so great. These parasitic enterprises. The same parasitic enterprises that they had these great glowing articles about in their newspaper. I mean, I realize they always say, well, you know, we separate our news pages from our editorial pages, but if they feel that's strongly about it, how could they have allowed that whole special section to be in there, which included, by the way, a lot of advertising that they made money from. Advertising from parasitic enterprises, just like all those escorts services, they have advertised on the sports pages, all those massage parlors, and glorified horror houses. Don't do as we do, do as we say. That's the American effin way, baby. Whether it's the cops, whether it's these goody, two shoes on to get a tour of boards of the newspapers, who are the politicians, whoever it is. We just come up through a year and a half of that with a monarchy gate, with a blow-jump, just the same old-tired crap. Because when you find somebody that can really look you in the eye and be even a little bit honest and admit that they're like, even Jimmy Carter, that little pud-wacker, had lusted his heart. Even at least he had the balls to say that, a little deep southern Yahoo like him. But everybody else they have to put on his pretence of being so much better and so much holier, just like the bushes by the way speaking of what's your name? Kalamba. You know, maybe she's like, I never heard that name before. Do you ever heard that name? Kalamba? Maybe that's like a female Kalamba. Maybe that's what her problem is, maybe she's only got one eye. She couldn't see a muzzle of a cock-eyed. Maybe that's what she couldn't see all that stuff in her bags. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Only when I watched a brave play and I could eat Billy's mama's cake. I leave her alone. She's a good kid. No, she's not a good boy. You and everybody in that building, I rock. Stop the balloon. Yeah, okay, go eat some balloon. Okay. That's her next door neighbor, putting it on her, telling the defense of my defenseless mother. Because he's sucking around for more free mundled bread. You know, I guess when he gets to be 110, it doesn't make any difference. How much crap you're reading, okay? But in the meantime, the fact that he's poisoning diabetic, poisoning my dogs, killing everybody with kindness, poisoning me with hidden shit when a goddamn cock-field. So, everybody, look, I like shit. Well, good. They need all the shit. Pick up a goddamn container of domino sugar. And stick a straw on it, Billy, okay? Killing my dogs. Killing everybody with kindness. Oh, I had those dogs put away and I, why don't you fight a nice home for that little dog? Find a nice couple that are home a lot. How do you like that? I raised those dogs since they were eight years old. That eight weeks old, they're 10 and a half years old. 10 and a half years, I raised those two dogs. And she's telling me I haven't put this late. How about if we have humped this late? Oh, yeah, there you go. I got news for my dogs. Don't need to condo to live enough here that right now. 567 don't need a car to drive? 567, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. Cut the crap, I wrote, okay? All you're doing is sucking around for more free-mondled bread. Here's Pompano, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Fantastic. I mean, you've told about so many great things this morning. I kind of hesitate to say the hard to figure out where to start. Yeah. Okay. I, you know, I've been listening to for a couple of weeks now. Talk about Ruth Chris and how great it is. Yeah. Okay, and I love good steak. Yes. But in listening to it sounded too good to be true. I used to go there years ago. Well, what do we mean too good to be good to send it? Not as good as you made it out to be. Okay. But I went. Yeah. The night before last. Yes. And I got to tell you I had a very disappointing experience. Really? Totally. Ruth, which one was this? No, the one in Fort Vardom. You had a bad experience? Yeah. I tell you what happened. If you want to hear, I'm a Allison. Okay. Start out in the bar. I started out with having a drink before dinner. Okay. Well, I tend to make a loudspeaker shower. I had to tell her how to make it all over again. I'm just going to really good place. The bar can't just show the color doing. So then I order. I get down. I order strips. I order mushrooms. And the order line is potatoes. The waiter comes over and asks me if I want me wine. No, no. Yeah. Well, try this. It's really great. So I tried it. It was lousy. Yeah. So I sent it back. It's like got something else. Then the steak arrived. Then I started eating it. And it was mediocre. Now you're talking about some ethanol and steak. The terror of the worst. Okay. This was the worst. I was going to take a bite of every now and then. It was awesome. Well, I'm telling you. Okay. It was dry. You didn't like it. You're a person. You know, I didn't want to visit this. You know, I didn't want to visit this. Anyway, any restaurant can be off any night. Right. Right. Okay. Anyway, I got halfway through it and I just couldn't eat it. Yeah. The potatoes were called. Yeah. So I called for the manager. Yeah. She came all the way. Yeah. She'll hope you didn't mention my name, by the way. I did. Oh, Jesus. Oh, God. Oh. I did. I said, listen. I'm here to play. Oh, I raved about this place. Yeah. And she said, what's the matter? I told her about the steak. She said, oh, my God. That's terrible. I said, yeah. You said you laid half of it though. I ate half of it, right. But how can you have it? It was the worst piece of meat you ever had in your life. I had a few drinks and I was hungry. I had eaten all day. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. What did I tell you about walking death? I always told you for 23 years. The walking dead. They should have just had a sign on the door that we're kept in. We don't serve dead people. Okay. They were to solve the problem. Yeah. I'm not trying to find my son. Don't you think I'm a dead man? Who would have bought her day? I'll give them a show. They here at the world when the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet. No more. That's what day day is for. It's a day day after all. All right. It's a day of fun. When we pair red shirts and when we all come, you can hear the squirts. We can take go in these with our manicured goaties in the gay day after all. Squirts go. The whole thing has been in the church and watch the live. The vanilla leaf marching and the tourists treat with a kiss. On the cheeks it's a gay day after all. We can wear tight shorts, play the gold loom, make a neck wear mask out of my Like buildings, they we can then. So way as we friends and such a day it's a day day after all. And GM will have a liberty ball hosted by a rich seller and roofball. They're a leader of an hockey rock. Not you mentioned each like a piece of gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. Let it all one in five, 50 W's. You have Joe Castelo showed up today. Oh, you know this. Left here. Thank you. While we were just a little concerned, maybe he might be sick again, you know, for the 80, 50, this month and it's only the 24th still got a week to go. So all of these things, you know, this guy preface his call here a minute ago. But I talked about somebody interesting things today. But what does he think out to talk that he had crappy experience of W's Chris? Do I care that he had a crack at the other side? But I'm glad he had a crappy experience. I hope that gave him mouse meat is what I hope. Because after you have the first 20 or 30, you see the drinks were crappy, but he had like about a dozen of those. The steak was crappy, he ate half of that. This is the same kind of guy that goes into any restaurant. It's 90% of the meal and then like, oh, I'm sending this back. I don't want to pay for it. It was no good. I like today we got those crappy steak from Smith and Willan Skinier. Did I eat half of it? No. Did I eat a fourth of it? No. I ate a bit. No. I had like one or two bites and I went, like that. But this guy has to make a big scene. You know, something I would you couldn't care. Well, one way or the other. Because after the indifferent treatment that I got from the MLS, and it's a big enough indifferent treatment. By the way, John Pena's, I'm going to tell you right now. I want to go on record the same. We got one sales guy that comes close to getting the job done and really taking care of business next to Brian. You know, I'm talking about top Brian and our Brian's a good guy. Okay. He services the accounts changes the copy. No nonsense, no bull crap. John Pena's, you know, this guy is getting into the, the same routine is just some of the other people. I don't want to mention that direct. Come to me two days ago with his song and then to about these people who do blood testing for allergies. You know, this is very big now. It's often Hollywood. It gives me a book and a brochure and all this propaganda. Oh, would you be willing to do it? No problem. Okay. They'll be here tomorrow. Meaning yesterday. Did they show up yesterday? No. See around yesterday. Did he come in today to say, oh, by the way, they're coming to there. Or anything about it? No. And he followed up. Any new copy from this guy in the last five years for any account. No. So John Pena's, he must be hanging around with Todd Reptum much. And from what I hear, they went scuba diving. They went like deep sea diving together a couple of weeks ago. Not in the Bahamas, like downstairs on the second floor, I think is where they were doing. Yeah, looking for clams. Boy, you people around here think you're kidding somebody. And Greg Reed is worried about the very jackass in the hero. You got your priorities all screwed up in his place. But like I said, don't forget, I don't care. I'm not getting excited about it. I just mentioned these things in passing. Like Lee J. Compton and the XSIS. I just mentioned it in passing. Answer the question, father paranoia. Boy, was he great? Was he great or what? I'm not a DJ cop. Almost as good as his brother, Cornama. Here's a Hollywood, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Mr. Panos is called. Mr. Panos, thank you. Have a nice day. What a pity. What a pity. Such a long-borning summer. Look at all the good stuff. I got to watch the Shawshank Redemption. All the sopranos episodes that will kill some good time. You know, when the mob was running things, you never had girls under 18. Now that's all these, uh, the cops were stuffed or running things. That's right. Yeah. I think they were like marijuana being sold out there on the streets. Got to let you know what's in it. They would legalize it and clean it up. Then you wouldn't have any problem with the same with prostitution. Exactly. I think I got to bunch a young guy. He's running this shit from the cops and they don't know what they're all doing. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Run on the ship he said. Ship with a pee. I hope it's not a cruise ship because it might have gambling on it. I think he said ship. 567.056. What do you can tell? Okay. What the hell difference is it make anyway? It's just a bunch of, uh, the way, but David doesn't make what he said. Here's a mobile and pop in the Hello. Morning. How are you? Pretty good sir. Sound like I was just snoring for a meal. Yeah. Yeah. The, the, the, the Vatican exposure about the Vatican banking and the mob. Yeah. What was the name of that? In God, in God we trust by David Yelop or in God name. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And have a great day sir. There you go. There's no Vatican banking scandal. Was there? Yeah. I'm, I don't get me started again, but the whole thing. Oh, I've got a tell you great story. I'm an echoed last night by in fish food. Because I was so aggravated about ma. I had to go to excuse you. See at least I admitted. I admit what I'm eating this other crap. I don't want her sneak it into my food. We're 10 minutes. You're doing the right thing. And then always acting. I only gave him 4,000 crackers. Whoever heard of giving crackers to a dog. So the crackers. I think she is crackers. So anyway, I'm an echoed last night, which I hate echoed by the way. But nevertheless, I get it picking up a couple of things. And there's a young guy in there at the picking up his film at the film counter. And he kind of like gives me a nod. And he's come over. He says, yeah, he says, really enjoy your show. Even though I'm Catholic. Yeah, I'm about 20, you know. People about a five hundred brick to steal. A lot of bad guy in the middle of the, yeah, you know, right. He's all right. But a nice guy. Everybody says, what? No, I don't don't get started with this. Okay, there's more life than just looking good. Okay. There's more life. You can't do that in your bone with that. You didn't do anything to what to achieve that. It's not because you're such a great guy. That all of a sudden you're a little good. You're happy to be. Are you okay, fair. But, uh, God. People that look good don't want to run beat in everybody over the head with. Guys who look like ordinary like this, getting might have been a good guy. At least he said to me, even though I'm Catholic. And I was like, well, I said, well, they, I wanted to buy stuff. He was even by that. I'll bet you anything. We got plenty of Catholics. In fact, every Hispanic who listen to the show is the Catholic. By birth at least anyway. Is there, are there any Jewish, uh, humans out there? Like maybe one or two of us in the show? No. Protestants. No. You pissed, Capagian. No. There's plenty of Catholics listening to this show. We got Irishmen here, Catholics. Yeah. They're looking at, fellas, this guy talking about, but he was a good guy and appreciate the, whatever you said. 560, 560, 560, even though I'm Catholic, I still get a great kick out of your show. It's very humorous. A quick pick and a nice. So let's pick on the Orthodox Jewish today. Oh, there you go. Crazy bastards. Here's Miami. Hello. Any help? Yes sir. I've down that commission meeting. The biggest joke of all is sitting right back up. They're again as a march to your high. Right. I've been down after he screwed us over the first time with a metro rail. He left down a few years. Now it comes back and he's chilling again. By the way, Mayor, Mayor, it's their time was one of the people that helped to kill the Junior Pan American Games by insisting on that litter promising us that there would be no Cuban athletes. Mayor, it's their high mirror. So, folks, you were just scrazed. Well, I got up there and I said, Mayor, you promised us that deficit on this thing will be $25 million and you screen bloody murder when Friedman said it would be 50 to 100 million. Right. And it came out to be 125 million. Right. And that's just 900 buses we got 500 now. Right. You know, he's the biggest wire that we've been through. That's right. And that's why he's back here again. We love wires. And for every wire that writes, Metro move around 10, we subsidize in 2,000 bucks a year. And they want to spread this thing all over the state County. And by the way, keep in mind the reason that there was in favor of it in the first places because where does it go to downtown? Right. Right. Right. And boy, they're going to try to manipulate it again. That's right. I'm unbelievable. I'm glad you're talking about it. Okay. God bless Richard Friedman. He would have had a bad hairpiece. You better. Thanks. Oh. Okay. Hope the cops are looking by the way city of Miami. Miami, Dave, the Miami Beach. Check it out. She's at least 15. Tell me about you love my daughter. But I know that you keep on checking out my daughter. All right. I'm glad you're coming back again. Check out my breath that's open and I'm not so steady. Oh, you come on to me and let the things in my head. And if I'm so far, but if you want to take me into this door, that's the thing we're about next. Do you think you know? I'm on the way. Oh. It's a thing. You should take care of me. But you could go to jail if you leave me. It's a thing. You let your daughter be. She was 25 but she just appeared. You're taking me out of my head. I'm afraid that it's all the cop. I'm about to perfect you. Because I have to do it. No, no, no. I'm about to think about you. And I'm about to think about you. Oh, my show. What do you think? She's a bitch. She's a bitch. She's a bitch. She's a bitch. She's a bitch. I'm about to forget. And then I'm about to get a new role in those bad ladies. And I'm about to get a new role in those bad ladies. She's looking my body. I'm about to get a new role in those bad ladies. Yeah, I wonder how many cops we got here in South Florida, Bang and 15 and 16 year old Drolls down here in Kendall and wherever. I'll probably seem to be concerned about that police. But yeah. You think that instead of way back buried on page five, be today in the Sun Sentinel and nowhere is there a follow up in the hero. If they let me see if we might be concerned about these things, I don't think he like, no, nobody cares. Okay, that's good to know. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile mobile. I know, forget we got the Marlins in the mess. We ain't gonna want to find today. And we had one guy actually called say, he was going to listen to it. There you go. That's a start. You have to build slow. You have to build something. We got one guy. He likes Alex Fernandez and his big badass. He likes the Marlins. He's going to be listening. He's glued. He was ready. Anybody else? No. No. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, doing great. Listen, I'm a romantic apric. I listen to you show. Oh, my god. Another cat look. I don't have a problem with it. The only thing I have a problem with is all the food intensive because I used to be a big badass. They're going to act in the turf. Yeah. I want to hear all the fish food talk. It makes my blood just boiled. I want some. But I know better now. Makes your blood sugar rise just here in the bottle. That's what happens to me. Listen, I went to dinner last night at a place called your comes to son. Yeah. I'm sure you've been there. That's a household place. Yeah, yeah, it's good. Years ago, yeah. Any house. So I'm sitting there with my girlfriend at dinner. You know, that's what she wants to go. And all of a sudden this guy in the school coming in. The girls were like a bright blue suit. You know, and I look up for my food. And she got like this big clown face. You know, so I realized, oh, this is someone from TV. Like a TV newswoman. Well, look over it. Who's sitting with her and guess who? Squatting on a map. Right. The pictures. Rich Sanchez. Yeah. So I say, honey, remember to story about the guy in the dolphin game and he hit somebody. When the Coleman, the other thing, the other guy's dead. Yeah. And she's like, yeah, like that's him. And I'm like, I'm going to call you down. I'm going to ask him if that guy's doing the coma. And she's like, if you do, I'm not going to talk to you for two days. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, I don't know, man, I was a homo. I said to her, no, we were. I get to say it. My boyfriend wore. Okay. It's, uh, I had a point though. Five, six, seven. He said that the next sock is what he said. He said there's sucking something specific, which we probably can't say. I didn't know they had a player named Dick. I'm San Antonio. Hey, San Antonio gave the ball. Oh, next is basically what he said. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty. And it's bigger than Rick Sanchez. That's a great segue into the story that was in the paper. And you know, Tom Jick, a U.N. Terry Jackson and all these other experts out there. If you would listen to me when I was on whammy and we were getting those deals and ratings. I'd tell Maddie Lesch and make sure we didn't get them any more because they were too embarrassing. And I told you about the whole thing, you look at those neocons dead. Those overnights day after day. And you see this unbelievably warp representation. There's like about half of the four. They only have 400 households in Dayton, Broward hooked up to these neocon meters. And about half of them are in Hispanic. No, speaking English homes were the channel 23 and 51 around all day morning noon and night. What did I tell you? You haven't got a Chinaman's chance if you don't speak at it, Bonnie. In this town. So channel 7 says we're not going to subscribe to Neil Sin anymore. We're, you know, the our agencies can get the ratings anyway. We're not going to subsidize this crap because the skewing in this market is so ethnically unbalanced. And so inaccurate. Why should we subsidize like a death wish? And some of the other channels maybe going to jump on a bandwagon too. Wouldn't that be great? Wouldn't that be, yeah, because Neil's in sucks. And I told him that over a year ago, Tom Jicka. And you had the balls to write just a little bit about a one time. That was the end of it. That was it. And it's not just because I had crappy ratings on Wany because who the, I've forgotten that show anyway or that station, but nevertheless, you can tell right up front when you look at those channels 23 ratings, especially that, you know, most of the things are hooked up at, you know, in the houses where all they're doing is. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. Here's four miles. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Born and raised, Roman Catholic. Oh, my God. Little diabeticoma of Beninjerry's spy report for you. Yes, sir. Have you tried this smores bar? No. I've not right any of the confections that Beninjerry's puts out. I love their ice cream, but when they put into a bar form or a treat, right, they just lose something. But this thing, it rivals fish food. Really? It's called the smores bar. It's called a chocolate and marshmallow. Over a graham cracker and then they cover the chocolate. Oh, chocolate. Oh, I actually have a, Hey, I'm gonna fish right my freezer. And I've been bypassing it to go to the smores bar. Oh, my God. Wow. Little putch in the coma. I'm gonna have to feed some of that to my mother. They're about $40. She likes sugar, by the way. Kiss you, Mr. Now. She likes sugar. Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay, don't be a schmore. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got 600 open lines here today. That guy that could have all fought with that roots, Christopher. See, when you go into roots, Chris, you'll notice the median age and there is 100. Although at least this isn't the crowd that has their teeth in a glass on the table, not yet. But that's because it's an expensive joint. And there aren't too many young punks out there who wanted to spend that cut him on a for a meal. So the median demographic in there is girly high. The only young punks in there, the ones that I'm buying dinner for, those are the young punks. And they all, this is pretty good. Yeah, it always tastes better when somebody else buys, by the way, that's what Rimmer says. 560, 560, pound 560 on our mobile one line. Not one person cares about these cops. And now in the story, you can tell it's already. This is just the tip of the iceberg. It's going to be mushrooming because every neighbor, everybody in that area says, oh, yeah, the raw kind of cops here. Morning noon and night in this, oh, yeah. Maybe they're just kind of babysitting. Maybe that's what they were doing this for a time. Nobody cares. Here's Delray Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, um, we could great restaurants. Do you remember you did unicorn delicious? Yes. I probably there would they. Any other stall around? Um, I don't know because I don't know, but I'm, I'm buying a lot of those. They moved several years ago to, um, I'm trying to think of where to help was. Some strip, uh, I think of 199th in this game, whatever that shot, all set ofers there. And maybe it was having tour, maybe it was some other one by oven tour, but they moved long time ago. Oh, that's, that never hurt another word of honor. That was excellent. Yeah, that was good. Um, with the public service, you know, um, um, phone's and people driving. They ought to make a mandatory to put your phone number on the, on the, um, pump of your car. They can call these half holes and phone. They can't drive first of all. Right. That can all be. I had one of those this morning. Um, so I thought car flip outside my warehouse. Uh, two days ago. It is on the phone. Try to make a left hand turn looking right. Uh-huh. Yeah. Lifted this car ties up traffic and Congress for about two hours. Oh, right. Just half holes in him. Any closing? I call somebody this way. Yes, sir. I'm going to cross through the clown and Bob that's through. Do you think? Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile online. We're out of here. One, oh, five today. And it looks to me like that's a good thing. You know, I think thank God for that. This question you'll fart to cause about 20 minutes ago. Oh, you talked about selling interesting things today. Now let me tell you about my crappy meal of Ruth Chris. Sir, you're so typical of what's wrong with it down here. You're, you're absolutely, you're the epitome of this whole area. Walking death. And you want to make sure that all arrestabas have as miserable of a time as you're having. And by the way, have another good one you're out of two. You've crushed the old fart. Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. You know how you're done? Okay, sir. I'm another Catholic who we're religiously listening to. It's three so far. We haven't exactly had a big run on Catholics here since I mentioned about that kid in Echoed last night, but we might get up to about a dozen by the end of the day. And a confession to you. I do listen to the Marlons game. Okay, alright. Here's number two. Three Catholics. Hey, Marlons fan. I'm part of it in your pair of three. One more thing. I don't even care much for Batman. But the history that Echoed out that here, the figure was. No. Gary Batman is the worst thing to happen to hockey in history. The worst. I thought figure was one of the worst. Let me see it again. This man is the worst. When they walk into the sausage shop, they always look at him and say, there's the worst right there. He is pathetic. He's an embarrassment. He's destroying our sport. You're going to have a cigarette back. I'd rather have anybody. I'd rather have one Ziglar from the White House. I'd rather have anybody back. Okay. The worst thing he's worse than the baseball guy. That's right. The Bud Light. Yeah. Yeah. I don't care. I don't care. It's just a typical foul Florida. Ever grateful, sir. Thank you. Whatever you said. I know Bud Light. Who also, by the way, has no conflict of interest. They're only in the brewer's. By the way, thank God for that. I know my crap. And that's what it is. It's a bunch of crap. We got police officers here bangin' 16 year old hookers run in a prostitution, ringin' candles. And these people are worried about God damn, a bud sealig, and Gary God damn, betman. That little Jew. When do you people go to get with it? And you know something the answer is, never. You're never going to get with it. That's why this crap goes on here forever. Never. That's why Mayor penis and his husband will put over another guy damn penny sales tax on the 29th of July. But everybody's out of town. And they'll have more metro rail part two. Because nobody gives a crap. The only people involved here are to one in their spare time, and I'm not playing dominoes in Donald O. Park. They're the ones that are running a guy to pull the strings in his place. Here's a call from Marathon. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I just like to change the subject just a quick second ask your question. Maybe I've led a real naive life. Yes, you have. Okay. You go into a restroom. Okay. You have a, you know, your standard like flushing toilets. Not the ones with a tank on the board. You look at the floor. Yeah. Okay. The handle on the back. Do you use your foot or your hand flush with? You really joking, Marathon. I'm telling you, you use your foot. You use your foot. I got to ask. Do you use your foot on the handle, the flush the toilet? That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. No, no, I'm asking. I'm not saying. I use my hand. Right. How about the flush? I always have used my hand. Yeah. I thought that was like the civilized way. Yeah. A couple of days ago, I noticed some scuff marks in the wall and I mentioned it. And people are doing it with their shoes, they're flushing those things. Yeah, away. No way. Only Cubans who are like a banana boat people do stuff like that. And the women in the office. And the women are doing this too? Yes, because we have their high heels. They're scuffing. They said, no, I never put my hand on the toilet. I never put my hand on that on that handle. I always use my foot to flush the floor. And I wonder, I wonder when they're at home when they have like a regular, I would just flush toilet at home. If they put their footway up on a handle on that and flush it to with their foot. They flushed. They could they flush that with their hand. Oh, well, that's good. That's promising. That's a good start. Yeah. But I just couldn't. I was like, sir, in my life. This is the first time. I mean, I'm so glad you brought this up because, you know, in all the years that I've lived. I've never heard of anybody. Man, woman, child or simple, and flushing a toilet with their foot. This is the first on me. And I'm like, oh, look, I'm 43 years old, okay? Yeah, I'm pretty much not like, so I've been all over the world. I never heard of anybody flushing a toilet with their foot. Neither of us. And I'm so glad I was able to get that clear. And if they're that, if they're exact and turned about it, why are they put on some rubber gloves before they sit down? Then they don't have to worry about getting the germs on their hands. Oh, that goes into a whole other. That goes into another hole, right? Right. Okay, thank you. Thanks for bringing this up. I think you made my week. God bless you, sir. Have a great day. You're looking for the glory hole. Woo! Flushing with the foot. And you're looking to be like, what's wrong with that? You do that. You're telling me that you flush a toilet like that, like the one in the MN's room here with your foot. You don't know what's for in substance, is it? Oh, Jesus Christ. People take poop. And you probably also wash your hands after you take a leak. Of course. Yeah, okay. There you go. In your case, I can understand it. 27 after 11 at 5. 60 WKM. Oh, this is, is there any hope at all? No, I just give up. I'm not going to get you. I'm not going to get you. Where when you close the mouth, how you ever in time, you ask to use the toilet to do it. And that's fine. But when you turn to all, when you need to have an M&F, you'll do it. You do it. You do it. You got your right. You took your little glass. You just prepared for your blood. We're here in the river all the past. You're here. You're not ready for dying. Honestly, you could give up without a thing. You know, it's just a mess. You're on thinking about your DNA for a look. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You're here. You were in a prince shop. Women were in a shop. You were in a supermarket. This was up to you. It was already closed in the supermarket. Yeah, you put a thing sorry Is it on a man? I don't mind you know, oh, yeah, they're not they even have a regular tour And you do both the Have one like that too, it's a sensor and when you get up off the seat it automatically flushes. Yeah Yeah, I kick it all the time. I never touch that thing. Okay. Thanks for the good news I have to be examined my whole life now. Okay. I'm after all the I this guy sounded Latin to I think it's a Hispanic thing You know, just like the old human that put the toilet paper and that little box to save it for rainy day George is always telling those stories about grandma. I think about his evil mother to I think she probably does it She's probably got a whole house full of crap Here's the island Marada. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, great A little getting Jerry's trivia FOIA. I don't know if you knew this, but yeah, maybe gravy was the MC What stop right that's correct and Fish food right this girl just told me with a team of A group that you were supposed to follow after you We're in a deadhead anymore right I say right All right, and I never heard of them or anything. I didn't know what you know I was close to group. They were like San Francisco Still having a little my like to hear the music if Ben and Jerry's I mean if the grateful dead was that bad Yeah, anyway, I don't know if you still have a bit with one pill looks like Wilma One pill looks like what Wilma Wilma All right, I know what you're talking about. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day. What does that call? That's what the oh, what is that call? Was gracious looking. I'll all find it somebody will know five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line What the hell is that damn thing called here's Miami? Hello? Hello, no, yes, sir. What the Harvey far thing? Yes, anyways, it was heavy Coming straight from fire. I'm obelisk. Yeah, you know, I can't believe these pigs who are the ones that are so Attempts to take away our freedom to you know purchased drugs that are only gonna affect our own bodies They're the ones that are out pouring little 15 year old girls like as they get there before the hair Kindle somewhere yeah that in fact that's a new slogan the they county police get there before the hair You know, I wouldn't be surprised if half of those guys were who you was if not more than half yeah You don't know what they'd county. I would say probably like 95% of them probably all this one guy What tells us is got Greg priest? He don't look like no Julio to me. Yeah, I just can't well I mean response of this what is it am I the first the color response of this? Yes, it's unbelievable Isn't that incredible and luck I said it's buried on page five b in a son sentinel There's no follow up at all. There's no story in a year old that they whatsoever and and like I said the investigation is broadening They're finding out all kinds of cops are probably involved in this and then nobody seems to give a crap But they're all worried about there maybe you know gambling going on those ships Yeah, I can't tell you how many signs of come across that same that like looking through the new times It's been there forever Anyways, I was looking yesterday through the tourism guy. It's gonna make you laugh. What did they go? Okay, you know, it was like saying about all the good dining spots on your like stay houses. Yeah, okay Number one of course the the announced Ruth Chris Guess who number two and three were Rascal house and wolfies Oh Thanks for the good news. All right, you're eight Yeah, give the nicked a bond or a bunch of breaks. Okay What is the name of that thing that the cow wanted here God then see now I'm gonna get upset I'm gonna get angry because I can't thank enough George we're here. We'll see there's one thing we need to George for nothing else actually, but just that Now don't feel bad George Hello, JP is doing a great job five six seven. Oh five sixty five sixty hundred mobile one line What the hell is that that thing called somebody this audience must no god damn it Haven't played that in about 400 years here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello Hello, Neil yes, sir. I'm already today great. I got a funny story on Rick Sanchez I had a friend of work that came in the airport was friends with one of the pilots of its seven channel We're channel seven helicopter yeah, and they were taking Rick to a location in the helicopter and he had fallen asleep Against the window so there were two other people in the helicopter they decided that on the count of three The pilot would turn the helicopter so their Rick would be facing down to the ground and they would scream They did it on the count of three resist this pants really Squirt skirt. I love that skirt great Okay, I know he was squatting on it and he just lost control. I wonder if he flushed the lever with his footer is hand after word by the way You know I'm talking about Rick I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil So I might as well have one with you two five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line Here's for Latterdale hello Fort Latterdale, a lady. Hello. Yes, man good morning. How are you? Great Can I change the subject from toilet talk anything you want this is you know your show okay, believe that guiding light Michelle Susan Why do I keep thinking he looks like nine other time frame is wrong? He looks like the guy in broad for the three that brave like a donkey freely while it's yeah a little bit Yeah He does never thought about that before but you're right. Yeah, well, I because I I mean the story the story line is getting so ridiculous now. It's just My people watching it. I don't really can't tell you why I know I do the same thing because it's habit I'm just hoping that maybe Bill comes on every now and then Huh Yeah, sure got a hell of a lot better looking than he is long if he doesn't speak when he speaks then those one away S is starts floating all over the paper. You know and I get a little nervous form but you're not Looks good anyway, you're right. What if I say it takes what it's been so cool while I had to put somebody put he on the show after they took the old Michelle away And put this bitch on it And you and you are aware that she originally played the young river clown. Yeah, she was the unclean. I remember Oh, I remember God Okay, Neil it was nice talking to you. I'm gonna go to get God for the tape and I'm gonna go through the tape Yeah, you're right. I can remember like it was only yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks and see how to you lie I'm finished those can only bad. Tell him finish the ice your hopes though. Have a great day. Hey, it's too good That's our poll question. Oh, okay, here we go. The nephew just brought in Who's scheduled for next week? Let's hear we know the program directly must be working like over a hot typewriter Over hot computer in the other room on is 1595 desk Because we got the schedule for next week now we can live. Let's see what we got today. We got Hank today. No, thanks off today. Nice going here, Humber because we got a stupid Marlon game on for who to help with it. Would anybody want to follow that? No, but Josh Darrell will follow it because what does he care? He'll be on after the game that mad dog Man did 6 to 10. Yeah, it's chaplain with a G.A. show 10 o'clock tonight. Lee, ciao, Aaron's coming And now here's Grace Slick for whistle and bite of it. Someone do like funny and one do like friends Hi, boys and girls. I'm Grace Slick. You know when I was on the road with 7 snares playing in the 60s I say it's a lot of white rabbits and I usually take them with scotch. But I don't get high anymore. Now I like to get blinks, don't. I just drop a couple of favorite beans before a concert and soon I'm getting a buzz on vitamins and minerals. Just like that modern, stone age family down the street. Now when the white night is talking backwards I know my turn tables probably just in reverse. So when the men on the chestboard get up and tell you where to go. Tell them you're going for some flint stone vitamins. And we're going for a one. 145 at 5.60 W QA and that's been so vitamins for the benefit of anybody wants to answer for it in about six months when we played again. Here's a good point. It says lay off your mom or she'll shoot you in the next Sunday Catholic footflus. You know I guess I'm the only guy in the world that's been flushed with my hand on those things. Jesus Christ I better go wash him off right now. 567560, pound 560 in the mobile one I must confess. I must be very naive in my entire life. I know not only never did that but I never heard of anybody who did. Never heard of any person any man woman or child who flushed one of those handle flashes on the side of a public girl who's not a doctor who they're for never heard of such a thing. It's in comprehensively the mate. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. If it's a pretty smarty place I'm not touched. Yeah. Do it. Yeah. Do you. I guess because you know a lot of people. How smart me can it be? I mean what kind of joints are you hanging out and I must be hanging out in the wrong places. I don't know. I mean you could have arrested. I'm pretty smart me. I'm not even. I know. So any place that was that filthy where I said oh gee I'm not going to touch that with my hand. Or you know like if you're on the trip and you have to stop somewhere somehow and just deposit something real quick. Yeah. And then again yet it's a place to do it. There's a good lesson for all your kids out there. Just make you deposit the bank. It's the only safe place to do it. Yeah. One question. Thank you very much for putting your things your bits on your website where we can listen to people on the buggy all the time. Hmm. The play things but on still site how do you record off the internet because you dropping some things on there pretty recent or pretty good to listen to. How do you record off the internet? Yeah. What you can download stuff on the this but I mean what you say how do you can you record like on a something else I have not any idea. Okay yeah I can see he's doing a couple bits like he did one for Britney Spears. Right. George can never edit it down or if you have what how do I put it out he could probably send it to us would be a lot better man better quality. Okay that's a leasing do for us if we raise them 20 grand for a charity last year. That's also said on his shock and drive website that he's going to be doing 97 98 99 on a box set. Right. When it comes out and also he hyperlinked your website too. Right. Okay we'll relax him. Okay see you. Thanks. 567560, Pond 560, animal bull and mine. This is just a pregame show it's an extension of it because that big pregame starts at 105 and then of course the marlins in the month of 130 that's going to be a barnbird but we are a barnbird. We already got two people going to listen to that thing. How do you like that? Don't feel bad Greg we already got two suckers out there that promised they're going to be tuned in. That's a start. Here's my any hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey I'm a cop here in our day counting. Yes sir. And we are right on to take a listen to what you had to say it was pretty funny. Right. But hey those guys make us all a bad. We're all not like that. We're all nice guys. Man it's just a small percentage of the jerks. Right. What is that the wrong with some young stuff right now? No that's what I was waiting for that's why I just sat here waiting for the truth to come up. Well not too young. Huh? Well all of this not too young. Well what did you hear the legal stuff? Well what would you say would be the barrier? I mean this year this year was 16 and we don't know about the other ones but what would be the lower barrier? 18 18. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well that's legal. Yeah logistical legal mental mental mental mental mental mental okay thank you sir. I would agree with that. See that's the way I look at it. Of course I'm not looking at no girls. But nevertheless I see I he was kind of non-committalary. Like I thought he was going to actually come up with something revolutionary there and he said like 18 and by the way I hate to break the news to you and I don't think you're ready for it okay. Legal aid and of course we're talking prostitution here which of any of the rest of you do it forget about the age you go straight to jail. But the legal age for consensual sex act in Canada is 14 in uh let's see I'm trying to think in Italy is 14 most of the Western European countries it's like 14 or 15. Which I still would say is a little bit too young. I think like 16 is a good demarcation point. I think anybody reasonable could agree that once you become 16 you can decide for yourself where you're going to stick this in the way and it won't say and what are you going to do with your foot of your hand. 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 5 60 on a mobile one line that's what role are you said. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. I know you have a wonderful show. Yes I do. I do. Why do too? Great just a couple things I like to play I like to get a shameless request that's Superman 4. Uh huh. And uh one of the things I know there you go love this. Let's go spurs. Let's go spurs. Love you now. Okay. Yeah I think that things all over with we don't have to worry about that anymore. They got to go through the formality one more game and get that behind us. For example this morning on the morning show that we're talking about uh Alex Fernandez and the Marlins when I got in the car they were talking about it. I played about 20 minutes of music. I pulled a CD out there. Still talking about it. I come out of the building. They're still talking about it. And so finally they went to one of their 17 minute commercial breaks and I went and said to them how come you're a whose idea was this? And Yeldy says what else are we going to talk about? And I thought you don't say that on the year. I'll say it for you. What else could we talk about God David? But the next time it was beefboard I brought up that Alex Fernandez thing and I can understand why. I told him right to his face. I said you just want to talk about it because you're trying to find somebody that's better than you are beefboard. Oh this guy is ballooning up. I'm telling you if Mrs. Beefboard's list in right now Betty don't be like my mother killing him with kindness. Okay she's killing my animals with kindness or neighbors with kindness. She's killing me with hidden sugar. Taking mondylbright to die of bedics who are losing the feeling and they're like nice going millie. Oh then she sticks your next door neighbor. I ran to call him here so we can suck up some more free mondylbright. You're still not getting any. I were how do you like that? It's about the third time he's trying to pull out over the years cops suck it up on his show. So I'll put in a good word so she might give him some more that free mondylbright. You're out. I you're not getting any. 5670560 p.m. 560 on the mobile one line. Here's pompado. Hello. Johnny dark. Okay thank you that was worth waiting 5.5 minutes for. You know something that 5 had 5 and a half minutes of spare time that I would wait on hold to do that. I won my greens out first. In fact it's still a two late pal. 5670560 p.m. 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach hello. Hey Neil how are you? Okay sir. Not only do I use my foot to flush. I also double line a toilet and using that can to open up the door. Oh yeah. There's nothing more disgusting than a public toilet. Okay okay I don't know how I made it this long. You know I'm trying to get an election in life. Now the business about washing your hand after you take a leak. That I'm sorry. That's ridiculous. That to me is the mother what that tells me is that you've got a dirty. I'm saying see if I'm not concerned about sanitation in my. Is that filthy? I washed my hands before. Did I understand? If I really were concerned about my own personal sanitation to that extent that was like a fetish. I washed my hands before I would touch it. Not afterwards. Because you're holding newspapers and change and bills and I'll kind of not only know what you got in your hand. So before you touch your most prized part. Yeah thank you washer hands first. And if you're in your part you're clean away. It should be that you don't have to worry about anything like that. And thanks by the way to our close personal friend Brad over at Tony's for another lunch. Tony's going to be out of business in about a week if we keep doing all these free lunches. Thanks Brad you're a hell of a guy. God bless you gentlemen. What are you laughing about? We like the free food okay Tony's which is in 4401193 to my right down the street for us right over there by Patanke. Let's get all the names on here okay. And maybe someday we'll get some new coffee from similar ourselves people. But I sure dot that. 560560 pound 560 animal mobile one on all by the way for those people who keep a diary about this show who have their own personal diary because they're so obsessed with this show. Let me just tell you. Let me look in the file here for a minute. It's the 24th of June. It's now going on two weeks after the tie rate from Todd Drek. Do we have any new coffee for that account? He was so concerned about anyone another guy they're there. Check for her. No. There is one new word on that sheet of paper. Anything new? No. He's the new idea. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Thank you. I'm going to tell you there are so many people in this place who have been out on the street a long time ago. Any place else. That's the F and truth right there. I was starting to say like in a real radio station in any radio station. So many of these people people would have their asses out on the street a long time ago. But it's QAM and so our motto is, Ehh! There you go. Greg's running around hyperventilating about very jackass. He's obsessed with very jackass. I would be surprised if Greg reads why he's up having very jackass is baby pretty soon, the way he's carrying on a bottle. Maybe that's why he returns his phone calls. They either have it like hot and heavy little phone sex or something like that in in theory. You know what I'm talking about? Ahhhh! My name is Bobo Rela. Okay, very come down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. It's 11, 56 at QAM. We got only another hour and ten minutes to go and it's ball game pregame. Whatever, no, no matter what we do about it, it's come over if you like it or not. Now these people have to put on 12 layers of toilet paper on the seat and they have to do all these other who medic, I mean, come on already, okay? How filthy can somebody's vacuum be? Well, you know, now that you mentioned speaking of that, how about dry concepts? That's a good segue. They're not going to clean your vacuum. They'll surely clean all the other crap that's on your carpet. Come in soon to let the other be a human. Superman, superman 5. Now, child, this is a man, superman, quit to me, oh, that is drowning. Hey, here comes the remaining, here he comes. He's in a wheelchair. So I've never been in like that and can't hear the sound of it. Good, so late. That's the color. I love sweating. Wow,htin that guy sorry. Come back already. Yeah, follow by. You gotta do me good, put somevin in the panel. Um, I mean, sorry. Nothing happening. Get on top of her! Oh! I think he will stop. I really didn't know the way to defeat Superman. Hey, with Chris and I... No, spits. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Superman 5, a search for a bigger doorway. Holding him to a theater near you. So like I said, Tony, I'm going to keep playing nine North West. I can have them out on 440. You want to better get it right, okay, Mr. Zed? All right. Thank you. 12-1-5-60 WQAM. And by the way, whoever is factoring me, all this information about the toxic stuff that Killian High, stop! Stop! Stop it! Up at a factoring already, you maniac. This person must be sort of flive. Even though we got too much of the toxic stuff in the woods, it was brain. Page after page, after page, after page, after page. And I'll follow you. Where am I going to do about it anyway, okay? 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T. Warbles find this guy's factoring me copies of test results from places that I can't even talk about. Yeah, they're too. I'll follow already. Here's Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. In LA, no, you were talking earlier about all those people, the hypocrites and the newspapers. They had a story in Newtimes a few months ago about escort services and everything. And they said, oh, but we don't have any ad for escort sonar news, David. Who said that? The ad in the article in the Newtimes. Yeah, right. They were saying they don't have any ad for escort sonar news. Yeah, likely, sure. Well, not legal ones. But all the other escort services in the little to legal ones. No. I mean, all the past in escort service technically is, you know, what's the escort somebody is to go to lunch with them, go to dinner? Go to dinner? Go to dinner? Go to the show? Let's scoot their brains out. Go ahead? No, I want to call a Glen of Duskbag. Okay. Let's go to this. 560, 560, 560, I think it finally stopped. Thank God. Oh, I feel so much better now that facts stopped already from that minniac. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, first time calling. All right. That pretty good guy. You have him on the phone there. It's the broader edition of Newtimes. It doesn't do the escort service. That date contains, do that. It's really close by that. Uh-huh. Now, the other thing is that Sam Kinnison Guy and a whole routine about flushing the toilet with the foot back in the 80s. Yeah. Yeah. Also, with the thing that you're seeing, if you were dead and you're being bottomized, it's in that same vein, so go ahead and check that out. So, that's been, that view was into that for like, when he was alive, he used to make a joke about that. Yeah, he looked like he was in a bad. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Sam Kinnison's body, do it with your foot, as what he said. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Marlon's baseball baby coming up. Are you ready? Asked you ready for it? No. Come on. Get with it. They got to win one someday. You don't think? No. Here's a lady on a way to Vegas. Hello. Hello? Yes, man. Hi. This one to say, I'm going to Vegas today for the first time. And because of you, I'm going to stay at the M.C.M. Grand and the Riffemerals and Ruth Chris. And I look forward to winning. You'll have a great time. You'll lose you ass, but you'll have a great time. Oh, no. Don't say that. Which knee lock? I wish you luck. I've been sure I ever did. Didn't you? I can survive that. I can survive. Didn't you read what the Harold said you better take a look at that at a tour before you go out there and lose all your heart or money? I know that a person in health will not have a chance. He can't resist it again surprises. What a luck's heart. And if you win, big remember me. Of course. Thank you, darling. Okay. And flush with your foot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pawn, 5, 60 on the AT&T. I mean, you know, even a child could pick up this editor of the Harold today and they would go, yeah, I like that. State government may not be able to rid Florida these parasitic enterprises. See, at least they changed their verb age a little bit from the days that we're writing about how the paramutuals they extract and money gently from your wallet. Now they're talking about the pace of extracting the money about how they do with so much faster. You see, you understand that gambling is bad when you lose money fast. If you lose it slowly, then it's okay. Then it's kosher and then the Harold approves. But if you lose it too fast, oh boy, then you're in big trouble. Oh, I'm serious, man. You'll be a few people over there. It's one of those days you know over the lapar cry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pawn, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and tap. Hello. Hello, my friend. I always, no matter where I'm at, always flush with my foot. Oh, I'm from a frayed that there's a lot of people out there that are like me. Because the argument will do a place man and the food's bad or something. I always piss all over that handle. You know what I mean? Just for like revenge. Oh, I'm purpose. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Sometimes I can't control it because I'm kind of big. But anyhow. Yeah, likely stir. A little bit of spraying, you know what I mean? But not always flush with my foot. Okay, thanks for the good news. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That was from Tampa by the way. So what does that tell you? Scored Scored. It's probably from Lutz. They up here all over the place all over the floor on the seat. And that's another thing too, by the way. Speaking of that, now that does disturb me. The stirms me greatly. Walk into a public restroom, including the ones in here in our building. Now, we have, first of all, we've got a urinal. Okay. There's nothing I despise more than guys who take a leak in the Sit down toilets. Well, what's the point of that? You know, unless you're real nervous or unless you got a real teeny tiny penis. And even I pee at the urinal. And I got a very small penis. So if it's smaller than mine, all I can say is good luck to you. You'll need it. But how come there these guys peen all over the seat? I see that all over the guy in the place. There's the plastic toilets. He's sitting down on there. And you're about to sit down to do some more serious business. Because that's what those toilets are for. There's 72 urinals there. That's what you take a leak. Okay, guys. Right there at the urinal. That's where you do the peen job. All right. The other more serious business. Inside. In addition to which, I mean, are we talking bad aim here? I don't know what we're talking about. Really bad aim. Oh, yeah. Maybe it's Chinese guys in there. It comes out on the angle. You don't score it square. On a 45 degree angle. Keep sitting the seat. Maybe that's where they got the little expression when they. Fuck. The fan you don't talk about. 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T. Wireless line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey, you spoke about your dogs earlier. Yes. We'll kind of bedwetter stays home to babysit their dogs. I'll still go on the track. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. 567. One didn't want to lose 100 bucks. How you like that. Okay. 560. 560 pound five 60 on the end. By the way, my dogs don't wet the bed. How do you like that? Here's a mobile in Danya. Hello. Where? 2 by the brand. 2 by the brand. He's going to know about that guy. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I think the toilet was invented by John McCreditor for a reason. Yeah. You know, it's for clapping. One thing you got to do. I don't know. I don't know. But it does. You have to watch your hands. You got to take the paper towel and open that door. Yeah. That's right. I mean, you know, I'm not taking a paper towel. I'm opening it from the outside before you go in too. You can never be too safe. That's what John Copper said. That's what Howard Hughes said. That's what all those girls. That's what Michael Jackson says. That's why he wears those gloves, baby. That's right. Now here is a unicorn report. Yeah. Meanwhile, the guy who saw you over there on six Avenue. Right. You were with me, which is very nice. I don't know if you remember who I am. But I'm the one who brought you that metal for caving all the fat asses on the the Atkins. Right. Yes. Yeah. Anyway, they moved over to the the waterway shop. That's what it was. The waterway shop. Yeah. Right. And then they, uh, he sold the market to Whole Foods Market. The, you know, the natural chain. Yeah. And he just had the restaurant and he sold the restaurant and he's doing real well. Now, and he's not really involved. The restaurant has been more to be unicorn. The restaurant is basically gone. Oh, it's gone. Yeah. Okay. Too bad. Well, that's so what goes. That's all the good stuff is gone. Right. Hey. See you. Nine minutes past noon. We're less than an hour away from that bottle and pre-g it. I can feel it. I can smell it. Huh? And be sure enough, flush it with your foot too when you're done by the way. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT. I thought life was so simple, you know. And then when I talk to these assholes that discover, oh, there's so much more to life than I have realized. Man, it's so much more complicated. I thought it was pretty simple. Oh, there's a handle. You're flush. Oh, no. So, I'm going through a whole big song in an answer to do these things right. And protect the night sea at the time, I have a great life. He wear an exciting, floating ball. Oh, the ball and gone the sea, because when I think I've been a big book, believe me when I tell you, now that base for me, really suck. Really? I feel sorry for Jim Leeland, every time it's clear, stop the joke. Believe me when I tell you, now that base for me is a joke. Way now it's in government, it's in the page of Rachel. And you know, everything good thing you've said is alive. Way now it's in God. He wear an exciting, floating ball. And it's in the window. Just die. I die now the mallet. Faith in me. You are brand new. All part with a dome. Believe me when I tell you, now that's the final night. And I'm alive. Just listen to it by as well. Got 15 at 560WQM, only 50 minutes away from that big Marlon pregame show. Anybody ready for it? No, we are. We're ready. 560505060 on the AT&T, where the line with the elected and not baby, it's all over. See, but help those who are new stadium, because Mayor Pena shall get together with John Henry with somebody else. And they'll do another one of these deals. We'll have another phone reelection and a put another two-cent sales tax in there. And there were public money. But, you know, what do we want it or not? Do we want it? No. But they'll still go ahead and do it. You can mark my words on it. Market down, like Wayne said. 56050505050 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, it doesn't have to be a total handle, but if I touch anything at all after a fact, like you touched it. Okay. Great. Thanks. Thanks for listening. By the way, the thing arrived, you're sure on 560WQM. 5605050605060 on the AT&T Wireless line. I wonder if he touches, I wouldn't touch that. So I guess you don't have to worry about that. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, all right. Great. I'm looking for your show. I got a story for you. I loved this. I met a guy with my son. I walked into the bathroom. I'm standing there. And I see this key coming on to the floor. The turn around is a guy sitting in the urinal. The thing from the urinal, all are able to the other side to where you stand at the peak. My son thinks it's a riot. He thinks it's a joke. And at the time I go on the day, he says he wants to try it. He's letting you know. You think he got weird people in this town. I tell you, I've never seen anything like that in my life. He's peeing from the end of the town in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the craft. Yeah. And the penis coming out straight to the other side of the wall going into the urinal. That you stand at the peak. Uh-huh. Okay. Well, listen, let us know what kind of stuff they're serving in borrow. Okay. Anybody believe that's during? No. No. Do you have any idea how far it is even the smallest of turrets from the, a sit down place to the urinals? Anybody got a, huh? This guy must have been a, a field in stream guy. Field in stream. 560, 50560, pound, 560 on the AT and T line. Whatever it is. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. A couple quick things. Uh, all year debate a couple weeks ago and lately about to take, I think that on a good day, there's a, there's a half of a good to take places and I'll make good to take. My favorite is a Christie's and Coral. Yeah. And, uh, another one to play. And tough against take house. I don't know if you ever heard of it. Small police across the street from China grow in, in South Beach. Never heard of it. South Beach, I wouldn't go there. Well, uh, something else related to South Beach. You got a, you got a, you got a wrap yourself in plastic. You're going to go take a leak and South Beach. Well, I just wore a wet suit. That's good. Good thinking. I was a spyre for Ricky Martin. He has a little BMW convertible. I think that's one of the cars he drives. It's almost a few days ago. Uh, down on the beach and he had a, the tiniest tiniest, you know, the little gaper, fried strips. It's not actually a flag, but it took a little, you know, the right. Yeah. Right. It was a tiny tiny one right up there. That's why I heard Ricky's got a tiny one. Yeah. Well, it was a little one right on top of the third break. Like the third hole back there. Yeah. On his car. Yeah. Well, at least he had it in the right place. He had it on his rear end. Back to him. 560, 560, 560 on the 182 wireless line. As we continue pondering that question is Ricky, does anybody care? No, not for them already. Why didn't he even bring him up again? Oh, he's right in the middle of my lunch. Here's crawl jables. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, the toilet thing. I got coworkers who are work ethic do that. And we had the regular one. Who didn't do the one? I used to put on the toilet. It's mostly a women thing. You know, the ones that have the, you know, had the little small flusher on the front. I have a couple of women co-worker work at that actually do that with their heel. Do you know the clump to chain like that? They have a flusher on the front. You know, the little thing, you know, the little chain on the front of our normal toilet. No, like what you have at home? No. The little thing. Oh, you're a little handle you mean. Yeah, they're able to do that with the heel of their foot. No. I'm serious with the handle on a regular toilet with the heel of their foot. What's the point of that? I don't want to touch it. Well, let me ask you this. Is your hand more likely to have bad stuff on it or somebody else's shoe? I don't ask me, like I said, I saw another words. The next person who maybe touched in that with their hand. Somebody's shoe was just on their way or stepped in a big bunch of whatever they stepped in. And that's it. I don't want to be touched with a handle. Somebody else just said they're got in crappy shoe on that's who knows where they're stepping on it. Right. And at 105, because you were talking about the marlins, I'm going to be flipping over to music and a Fag of this Capelian here. Okay. What a shock. Can believe he's a piss capelian. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line. Good pitch today. By the way, Brad, thanks to our buddies at Tony's. 190 third north west second avenue, get the address right. Are they going to cut us off? Okay. And by the way, for my bed, buddy friend that call before that's so concerned about Patty Ramsay and the Autobi. I hate to break the news here. I made that story up. Just in case Joe was listening to him on Joe to feel bad. Think that I shine him at the track and then come to fight out that Joe didn't go anyway. So feel bad after all. You know, Joe shine me. I just didn't feel like going, you know. Just didn't feel like it. Especially the summer meat at Papa and I realize their spots come up in a couple of minutes. You'll have a great time there. Better you than me, you know. I'd rather go to Vegas than lose my money real fast. Get it over with. That's what the Harold says. Does even that bag in your Rogers goes there to our Vegas. Loses his money like a maniac to those parasitic entrepreneurs. I enjoy losing my money to those parasitic entrepreneurs. I have a good time. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, sir. Hey, man. Probably the way. You want the contact man. We've told you about automobile. And you never have about surprise. Why? You want the contact. The Claire Bell, the clown, Flumber Down Mr. Bluffs. The Gilbert, no boy. Look a lot. No, okay. Well, maybe so. Okay. Well, it's only 12-3. This guy's already off to a good start. He's got a head start. 5-670560, pound-560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a Miami Beach call. Hello. Miami Beach. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I listen. Why do these people always rip by Hank? When he was in the gym. Hank has been in the gym today. We haven't talked about Hank once and a time today. No, no, no. Not today. But every day, they won't call him when he's on. And let me explain something. No. About 10, 15 years ago, we knew mutual friends. Okay. And every time I saw him, but leaves me when I tell you, he was always with a fine look and bitch. He was always with one. Who, Hank? I remember a couple weeks ago, this guy said, I cut my left testicle off of, I see what's with this Louisiana or a miscontact. What a how he was. You remember that conversation? Yeah. Okay. But when I was one guy, everybody knows Hank's got good tasty piece for the good stuff. No, no. Yeah, they don't have the balls of calm in him up. And whip them when he's on his show. Yeah. Hey, Ron. Why don't they rip someone these on his show instead of rip them for you? Yeah. And what do we sell him? Oh, you stick up, Ron. Call him. Call him. If you want to, you know, call him. Call him. I've called up that Hank in the written game. And let them whip you on his show. Okay. Okay. I can handle it. Okay. So I don't have to check, keep there. I can handle it. Don't worry about it. Okay. I got a thick, rectum. Hide. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. God, it's going to be so exciting when that ball game comes on in it. Oh, God. It's going to be great. We're going to be out of here. Going to go home and babysit a couple of dogs like a real man. And I got news for her with all the respect to some of my friends at Pomp and O Park. Sometimes you go to retriever's better company. And I don't say. Don't talk back. I had the one over the seven eight nine before. Yeah. Okay. Just need a couple of weeks to rest from that every once in a while. Here's a mobile in Pomp and O. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. But it comes to the stalls. A lot of these guys going to because they have stage fright. You know that they're really embarrassed. Yeah. They have stage fright. They can't pee in a urinal. Yeah. They can't. They're best seen. They're front of the guy. Yeah. Maybe they're afraid that some of those guys at the other urinals might be checking him out. Maybe they're afraid that there might be somatic owners that those other urinals. Yeah. Well, and they're afraid they might get to look excited and lose control of themselves. That could be it. Hey. If it comes to the handle, just use purel, you know thing. Okay. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T lines. Very simple. And there people make things complicated. You know what I'm talking about. Life is very, very simple. People want to complicated. They want to get into a big sauna. It's the Howard Hughes syndrome. Lots of germs everywhere. Let's make sure that way. You know. And you know something. If 50 guys would pee on the handle on the thing. What difference does it make? What difference does it make? Is there like some rotest thing that's going to happen? If 50 guys be at first of all, it's going to probably be dry by the time you touch it with your hand and the handle too. And number two, even if it's not. So you wash your hands. And in addition to what you would seem to me that after you do that number, you're going to wash your hands anyway unless you're some kind of a total sloth. Right? So what's the problem? Yeah, how come they never mention that? We're talking about the sit down number. Okay. You finished that? You wipe, which is of course is not always perfect. So what's the big deal with the handle? You're going to go wash your hands anyway after you do a jump. Don't get it. See they almost had me snook it in on this one. I'm not buying it. Not buying. It's like a neurosis. It's like a fetish. I'm telling you, you find people that flush the toilet with their foot. And I'll show you people who've had a very neurotic childhood. Probably bedwaters. 26 past noon at 5.60 WQAM. Let me tell you about a great place that I could have been last night, but I stayed home and that's a pompital park. That's right. You'll enjoy going there. Monday's, well, let's see Monday through Saturday. We got a simultaneous thing. And Wednesday Friday and Saturday night's at 7.35. We got outstanding live on track. Carnestriesing. I looked at the results in the paper by the way this morning. And I'm, uh, what a lost my ass. So I'm ecstatic. I stay in baby set my golden retriever. I think I like that. He didn't say a word. And beat that cater meat. Oh, right. I'm in to dinner, this dough. Brack boosts in sour ground. I love a delicious mith go. I'll roll the barrel out. Put on the dinner, hold this inside of my hair, but it has. It's now the breakfast. And then I'll serve a day. It's now the warm-roke. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's the Giddles-Path Bay, Red, that's the finger of my little girl. It's the finger of your finger, die it up. Sing it on the acting program. We can't have it rolled up. I'll throw the pit on the drum, roll it up. Sing it on the finger of your girl. Sing it on the acting program. Sing it on the acting program. Sing it on the acting program. The band goes on top and we're feeling on the air. Go, go, go, go. Dance with your grandma. During the lovely and cold cold, it's held at the hands of the beautiful tricks of our new folk. It's now the Giddles-Path Bay. Sing it on the finger of your girl. Sing it on the finger of your girl. Come on. Sing it on the finger of your girl. That's not very nice. Somebody factors me this from brain droppings by George Carl when he says, I never watched my hands after using a public restroom. Unless something gets on me, otherwise I figure I'm as clean as when I walked in. Besides, the sink is usually filled here that I am. I'm convinced that many of the men I see frantically washing up don't do the same thing at home. Americans are obsessed with appearances and have an unhealthy fixation on cleanness. Relax boys, it's only your. He says, if it's so dirty that after handling it, you need to wash your hand, you may as well go ahead and scrub your. You're ready to tell you the truth. Would you like to see some guy try to dry his generals? Would love those forced air blowing machines that are mounted for a four feet off the ground? There he goes. He's drying off his. Whoa, drying it. He's getting a blow job. Oh my, there you go, little George Carl and for you. I still say if you're going to wash your hands anyway, what evidence of making people put your hand on the lever? John. People with a Michael Jackson syndrome. Here's homestead, hello. Homestead. Neil. Yes sir. Not only did my friend flush with his foot, but after he washing his hands. He still uses the towel to open the door because he don't know he's been there before. Uh huh. That's a happy contract. Okay, listen, get the guy out of the other planet. He'll be right over. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. There's nothing to mean more of a big. Now they do have thank God, like a lot of airports. Not Miami of course. But it like real airports. They have the things that knew the toilet seats that have the moving plastic thing on there. And you press a button and then it moves along. And you have like a fresh new piece of plastic sitting on it to stick your fat. Black doughman when you sit down. Now that's good. That should be good enough for anybody. For people who have a my ass on the seat, poor freighter going to pick up crabs or some other gross test thing. Got only was what off the toilet seat. But there's nothing to mean more annoying than walking in and seeing like somebody's got four layers of toilet paper that they've let like they're like they're papering a guy damn wall or something. And they've got it layered over the end of the course they get up and they take it off and flush it away or throw it away. Oh, it's still sitting there. So now you have the benefit. You have to what you have to wonder today. Are they the ones that have to clean ass or not? I mean, are you going to sit on a toilet paper that somebody else sat down and put on there? No, or it's not. And now you're going to have to handle it. That's the best part. You're going to have to deal with it. Here's a mobile in your field. Hello. Neil God. Yes sir. I'm a 36 year old boxer wearing mail. And that flush with my foot. Really? I stand there like a freaking karate kid. I'm telling you. I can. Why do you do that? Don't you wash your hands then after you finish with all your business? Sure. So that what do you worry about? Well, let me ask you this. I don't want to get it. It's a middle lunch hour. I don't want to get too in delegate. But when you're wiping your back of the butt. Okay. Now there are those times as we know we get those push throughs. Other certain problems. Sometimes we go through the other stuff. Whatever might happen. Now I can assure you that whatever you might have on your hands. From your own thing. It's got to be a thousand times a journey. Whatever you might get off that handle there. I don't get it. How about when you're sitting down to do number two? Do you like to see down? Do you or anything? No. I think that one that I think is. It was wet. Right. Exactly. But I see that planet that things down at my hand. Everyone I've seen was malfunctioned. I'll jammed up and people that made a big mess of it. Yeah. Oh, God. But like the appearances and stuff. I come up to you and I'm like, well, you know, I'm too big a fan. I'm still going to shake your hand. Yeah. That's right. Okay. John Parker to do Spag. Okay, see. 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, the wireless line. A marriage with all their fetishes, baby. We got a lot of real and a lot of people out there. That's all we're finding out today. Something I never, a ghost to show you. There's always something new that pops up. Something I never gave one second stalk to in my life. It was the notion of watching some jackass putting his foot on a goddamn handle. Oh, I'm not going to touch that. God. What are we talking about here? It's time for church. The show that gets to what really deep down inside of you. And now here's your host, Colin Corbwellins. Good evening. I'm Colin Corbwellins. You're host and welcome to Tertalk. The little winds are already lit up. So let's just get right down to the phones. And let's see who's on number two. It's Steve. Steve, you're on the air. Hi Colin. I'm a first time caller. We're all right. We got a little something for you. Steve, hang on. So what's on your mind? Well, I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoyed the show. And hold on. Let me get some paper here. Okay. I'm back. So your wife loves the show. That's great. Tell me, Steve. You're wiping right now, aren't you? Yes, I am. Okay. When you wipe? I'm not sure for a forward stroke or a backwards stroke. I think I prefer a forward stroke is a matter of fact the wife was just saying, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. What's the matter? I think I just ripped the paper. Oh, okay. How well did you get to wipe? Well, I got it pretty good. Okay. Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails? Yes, I do. Oh, boy. Remain calm. You're having what we call a push through. Did you get any penetration? I think so. Okay. Just do as I say and everything's going to be okay. Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor? You want to look for something. Okay. Let me see. Now, pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect. Okay. Okay. Is your finger out, Steve? Yes. Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is Has anybody in the house really made you mad today? No, they haven't. Okay. Go ahead and wipe it off, Steve. Oh, thank you, Colin. Keep up the good work. Well, you are welcome. And thanks for listening. That's all the time we have for now. Until the next third touch, I'm Colin Cornwallis. This has been turned to the show that gets down to what you're really going to do. 23 till 1 at 5. 16 WQM only about a half hour away or less from that big. Come on. That's not the right attitude. Oh, Marlon, pre-game show. You're going to be hanging on here everywhere. Oh, Joe and Dave and Luke's during the show was going on. No. America loves to watch noobs and butts and boating. I'm going to do it. If I had a normal boom, good to do, I'd have him find my CD. Who you kept wrong when I freaked out of song to try to outside sing. I keep keep keep on my hip-ed, with him last in my breath. Oh, I can't stand with him, Sam, my friend. Oh, I don't have to try with him, Sam, my friend. And you won't be in shock for any party. I don't need to put my candy down. Oh, there's a thing in your heart. Yeah, not convinced and wear it, but I know. And you're 16 by just spreading your line. Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a killer. It's guy. I don't believe it, we can just set this thing. Now let me spend till I'm out of rehab for 35. I get by with the last in my breath. I get guys with his plan in my breath. I don't have to try to plan in my breath. I do need to touch my body. He left through me by cherries, by cherries. He's holding me in your heart, holding me. And then this is the most important thing. On my GF5, it's in place. It's in place in my breath. Yeah, come on, bring me one more. There you go, one more time. Thank you. 444 at 560 WCM. So when I bring these, make it a video up at West Palm and a bad news is Jose Lambit, that writes that in Cipin the South Florida and Side of Kong. Nice going by the way Jose didn't mention Ricky one more time. All right, nice going. So we're going to our second column. Or he left Ricky out of there. But he mentions that Brittany is down here. And she was on South Beach. I guess of course with all the other very important people. All the other drug people. So what any rate that Brittany was very bummed up. Oh, it rains every afternoon here. His really sucks. Isn't that a shame, okay? Anybody out there like to bring Brittany in from the rain? Oh, keep for occupied. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I got your problem solved for the toilet. I don't have any problem. Well, go with the toilet. Oh, sorry. A lot of people in radio land have got a problem, though. If you slap a detend on, you don't have to work. You get home. Uh-huh. Okay, great. Five, five, six, whatever works for you, man. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Palm five, 60 on the 18th, you were the one. That's right. When in doctors, let it out. Don't be going to those public restrooms. Kind of take a page out of my history book. You know, like that one day when I had a little problem. I pooped my pants. Yeah, that day. I decided that I mean, what's the what's the point of training? You're in the car. Does nobody else around? Uh, you know, going to happen. That's all. Let it happen. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, palm five, 60 on the 18th, you were the one. Not good for the socks, though. That was after I started wearing socks. Not a good idea. Here's a mobile and cover read, Chilo. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to inform your audience that when anyone flushes the toilet, a fine spray of the water, and whatever's in there goes out about five feet. So that a few of those brushes are within five or six feet of that. Okay. Thank you. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, palm five, 60 on the 18th, you were the one. Sounds better than question. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, this is Ricky Martin's boyfriend. Yeah, okay. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, palm five, 60 on the 18th, you were the one. Here's the mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. I just want to change the subject for a while. Please, let's get off of this to the past. I read in U.S.A. today that Mike Smith and Ken did Toronto. Oh, he did keep coming to GM. And maybe it's about time that you go there and say, you know, I can do a better job than them. Yeah. Why, what was wrong with the job they did last year? Well, they didn't do anything, but they decided that Mike Smith wasn't, but this could be code. He's the one who's going to do it. That's because Ken dried in the asshole. He's another one of those Cornell assholes. Okay, like Gary Bettman. He's another one. I agree with you. Okay, thanks for the bad news, sir. That's the end of the lease. We won't make to play off this next year. No pressure. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, palm five, 60 on the 18th, you were the one. Anybody can't, we had one call about the cops with it. And then we had the one-later, cop that called in. Said he likes him young, but 18 is good enough because he don't want to call to be trace and find out that he probably is doing 15 and 16 year old girls. One call. Anybody in this town care about the fact that your cops are out there screwing 16 year old girls and running for houses, anybody care? No, that's okay. Because you are a bunch of pussy, you're a bunch of wimps, you'll take any kind of crap at the show. You'll sit there and take your ticket and grumble a little bit. For going seven miles over the speed limit. It walks them drive away 90 miles an hour in a 30 and can't do a guy dancing about it. And if I say we live in a police state, oh, that knew you're going to get so carried away. Right. Police, Davey. Mobile and cross bring. Hello. Yes, I am. Hello, are you there? Yes, I am. Are you there? Yes, I want to talk to you about my bathroom habits. Oh, hello. I'm listening. Okay. When I go to the bathroom. And you go to the one? It's a bathroom. Bathroom? Yes. When I go to the bathroom. The bathroom? Yeah. Bathroom. When I go there. The bathroom? Yes. How many F's in that? What? I said go ahead. All right. After I do my thing, I put down my pants and I freshly put it with my ass. Because I don't want to touch it with my hands. You're flushed at home with your ass. Okay. Good. Excellent. There you go. He flushes it with his. All right. There we go. I mean, his ass is already probably a little on the smart me side. So what's wrong with that? What's a few more germs going to hurt? Keep it in the family. 670560, palm 560, on the AT&T. So we got one guy. He's brushing his teeth with the spill over from the water. We got one guy who supposedly sitting on the throne, taking a leak, trying to reach the urinal at 15 feet across. And it's great. And the message is just like I did last night. Stay home with your dog and lock the door and don't let anybody in. That's the message. Okay. What do you bet what is out there? Here's Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. When is Santa? In back to you. Hey, listen. As came back from a trip. You want to go to Italy. Yeah. And we don't hear anything. And you're saying, Buenosera. Buenosera. Buenosera. Buenosera. Buenosera. Buenosera. Buenosera. Ok. Sorry. Now kick your ass out of Italy. You talk spiktok. Sorry about that. And I like those spiks in Italy. Hey, listen. Controlling to the different cities we should travel in the A1. So we start with those auto girls. You know those auto girls? The one? Auto girl. It's like a gift shop on A1. It's like a term hike you have the rest stops. Yeah. To call them auto girls there. So anyways, just talking about bathrooms. I was in the bathroom. And I was using the urinal thing, you know? Yeah. And I was taking a leak. Yes. I felt something. Like I said, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I said, Buenosera. Man. You know, Santa, this was supposed to be good weed they hear at QAM. Yeah. Somebody intercepted it. Obviously they got all the good stuff. More scenario in pizza, which was very good. But we didn't get the good stuff. Damn it. I guess tomorrow. Tomorrow we close out the week with a heavy duty with a smoking. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? I'm thinking about those top things. The problem with that is the police say don't. They don't require much to, you know, apply. I mean, it's basically you could even apply with a TV. You need a college degree or anything. And even the people I do have college degrees. They're sitting around waiting to get the job. Then people right from high school get it. Yeah. They're not educated enough. And that does it. And another thing. So, so, not towards you saying that dumb people are the only ones that screw around? No, no. I'm not saying that. A lot of people screw around. Oh. But I'm saying you should at least have a little bit more of an education. Firemen. When you're going to be in charge of, let's say, the West, the servings, you know, at two o'clock in the morning, you should have a little more common sense. And yeah. I think that you'd have a little more common sense than to be starting up a whole house and advertising in New Times and it turns out that it's a cop at a bunch of cops or his customers. You think you'd have a little more sense than that. Yeah. That you might keep it like at least write the numbers on a restroom wall or something and keep it like out of the public eye. That's right. That's right. And another thing I can't figure out why people have not figured out that. It's not to think the subject and nothing's going to happen. But Cubans cannot run a country. Why did we let them start running Miami? Well, I think my I think Dave County's a classic example of that. Now you see why Cuba went telling a hand basket. Just put a look at Dave County. Thank you, Neil. And the Buenos deus. Buenos de Sada. I can't believe it. Well, I do believe after that car, you know, what he said that Buenos Sara guy. Yeah. And plain palmore Joe to you too. Okay. Now this guy was right on target. We got a lot of cops and again because who wants to pay somebody when they're only out there supposedly risk in their lives. Want to pay somebody for something like that. Want to pay somebody to teach your kids, you know. Want to pay somebody to be the person and have a finger on a button. When we can pay the train speed while 12 or 15 million a year. And so. Ah, so doing. Say it ain't so. And don't forget. Let's go. Spurs. Just messing that for one more game tomorrow. And then we can shut all of them. And you notice that we hear from one the worker today? Oh, no. One New York Sports fan. Oh, thank God for that. Thank you, Mrs. Robinson and David Robinson too. Don't need play for Shannon Tony. Oh, thank God. See I don't pay any attention, but I saw him on threes about a peatore. And he looks almost human too. Not quite. For a stadium. I think he's a little too. He's a little too. Oh, my God. We're starting to. Was they in school? So go out on your own. Oh, don't hold on to stuff. You just can't do at home. Yeah. Search all around. But you won't see. Let's be in the boat with a deep deep deep. When nothing compares to the marvellous feeling of making butterflies, sticks to the ceiling, no kidding the bathroom making out a novel. Or hidden the fact kid with a speeding dodgeball. Yeah, I remember the Edvard. A throw-a-favorite with a fire alarm. Blow up the toilet with a cherry song. Dysicle frog in biology class. Find yourself a nerd. And what's he saying? Welcome. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. What do you be here here in chemistry? When you make a class of patch of L.N.C. You're a start-up who drives you. You've got your nose. When you go to school, what anything goes. Stay in school. Go out on your own. There's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do at home. Search all around. But you won't see. No. Let's be in the boat with a deep deep deep deep. Search all around. But you won't see. Oh. When did he see? All right. It's so busy 8.5.60 WQM. It's, uh, look at us. Eight minutes to go to let pre-game show. And look where everybody won. They're all ready bailed out. How do you like that? You like it? No. I don't. One call left in the board. We've been smoking here all week long. We've been smoking a good stuff. And now because we're coming up on a ball game. They have back this interview. God, then, quarter. Thanks a lot, Greg. Thank you, John Henry. You're killing us. You're destroying us. Why did you see Hank's numbers for this afternoon? He's going to open. That would be an ominous call. That was, well, we can sit shitty for a week for what they're going to do to his show this afternoon. At least I want to get like one hour. God. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know that you're not supposed to use the Lord's name in pain. Yeah, okay. Okay, pal. Whatever you say. Damn it. God. Here's Papa. Hello. Another one of those little, nose picking holios. Yes, sir. Five report for you on the Donnie B. Pre game show the other day. Yes. He played the, nobody does it better. Oh, to Chris Moore. For about 10 minutes and he had him on the radio. Tell him how great he was. You have to be kidding me, sir. Our Donnie B. So Chris Moore's spectrum. You have to be joking me. The word played by played broadcaster in the history of the National Hockey League. Maybe in the history of all professional sports and Donnie's the B. Kids is asked. Yeah, and he, we see him on there and he was sucking on him. And he was talking about Chris Moore just signed with the S.P. And radio. Oh my God. Yeah, well, he's an at something. So the Tony Bruno. That's a big deal. Yeah, and he's going to go to laughing how you in the school there. Oh, I just think, you know, Donnie B. Kids, I mean, what's the point? He's already gone. Can't they like go here with the problem? He was. It was, it was just, you know, I radio was dripping spools. I can't, I just can't believe this. I'm just speechless. I thought that baby was like some kind of a brain. No, and not only that, but he had a pre-prepared hate segment with nobody does his better. And then you hear Chris Moore going, right at the back. Oh, no. Oh, my God. Oh, oh, oh. I think you know, I hope you finish with your lunch before I told you this. Oh, yeah, but it's making a comeback now. Well, I just thought I needed to hear that. We're Christ and Joseph. God, damn it. Oh, that's right. Not to boast it will take Joseph's name and van. So every time the Marlin game comes on and, you know, you've been counting Donnie B. But what do they mean? Well, what do they mean? I've been counting Donnie B. I see him in a morning. He's in there. He never stole a freight train. He's not a bad guy. At least I never thought till today. I don't know him from Adam. I haven't had 15 words with this guy. I've been counting him for what? All I do is say he's going to be on. He's on a schedule here. They can't go on making them. He's been doing the Donnie. You know, you know, you're talking about there. I'm talking about that. That means I'm talking them up because I'm making fun of the fact he wanted to be called Donnie. So it's like Donnie Z. Be whatever the hell is there today. I don't know. I'll I know is now that I can't stand him after you told me that. Well, it's the gospel truth. I mean, the guy has been gone for months now since the end of the season. Why not let bad garbage drift off into back to Jersey where it came from? Oh, I know. And I mean, it went on and on. Oh, like this call. I'm seeing. God. Do you believe that? Do you believe the Donnie be? Oh, sucked up to Christina more. I mean, what kind of a moron would do that? Whatever little respect I had. Is he going, oh, no, I'm not going to be on that. I think he's been suspended for too much suction. Okay. That's why Josh Deros on after the game today. And then Jim Mad Dog. Yeah. Manage. That's six. I think Donnie Z. Be's been suspended from the Marlon activities for too much heavy duty sucking. A little sucking. That's okay, but too much sucking. It's not good. Not good. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, Neil. This was a Floridian War Footfusher. I'm not a robber. When I leave the bathroom, I don't want to grab the handle and pull it to walk out the door. What does that mean? In other words, the door to leave the bathroom area. Yeah. When you go out into the hallway. Yeah. I got a good idea. Why don't you do this? Why is she like moisten your hands and get the soap on them and then take some towels and open the door. And then on the outside, like, uh, then you watch out. What the left of your hands, I'll be. Yeah. It should make it a help code where you can just like put your shoulder against the wall and then just push the door open. Right. You know, so you could leave it. Or they could just have an automatic door opener. How's that? There you go. Automatic flushers, automatic door opener. Automatic hands to take your. Automatic. Everything. Automatic. Why? Right. That's good. Call the. Good day. And did you hear that call about Donnie B. Sucking Chris Moore's answers. That is true story. We better check that out. If I find out that's true. I mean, I'm good. Not that he cares what I think of him. But my god. He's dropped 400 notches already. Even a Mississippi. They never saw a notches like that. God. Well, what would be the point? Is he coming back here? Oh. We need to lie to him. No, do we have a concert about our credibility? No, obviously not. Obviously Donnie's be. Be. Concert about his credibility. Of course he works on Q.A.N. Sir with my case. But do you take a guy who did the worst job, a guy who's just despised by virtually everyone? A guy who's a sour ass. A guy would at. Trumpy. Do you ever seem. Walk up. And then. Up and down the stairs at the old arena. They kind of like that. Trumpy. the sound of a loser, the ambiots of a loser, the attitude of a loser. Oh, if I knew Rogers, he's never going to be on QA on the whole. Yeah, right. He sure knew his craft didn't he? And I bet you he didn't even wipe after he used to say those things. Spear on a gigantic pile of all over the airways. And still never wiped it. Right. So I've gone Donnie B. Of course, I forget. See, I don't understand this right or six. Anybody who ever worked here was a great talent. Like who's the one at the, oh yeah, Bob was choosing. That's one Hanks always kissing his ass. Bob was choosing Bob was choosing what you know something I've taken. Bob movement just ahead more talent than Bob was choosing. Not to mention of course that. Just a gagging fuck, so carry. Okay, yeah, that too. I knew he was. What? Now, it was just a minute. You told me on 0442 on my clock, it's 10426 now. I'm going by the time you gave me and if it turns out to be wrong, it's going to be your little skinny ass. It's going to have the problem. Well, the wife of the night. So everybody get ready, put your foot on a God and handle it. It's time for tomorrow. Let's pre-game. Show and God, are we depressed about this? Isn't that to be going on, huh? So deal Roger show on 560. WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale.