670570 toll free for dated Broward or Pound 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil is guest co-workers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley read acquisitions for the Beesley broadcast Yeah, Grandpa I am There the cats are high stalled into Cats are high stalled into Cats are high stalled into There's my gun, yeah Yes, there the cats are high stalled Cats are high stalled into Cats are high into Number one, yeah Oh! Yeah! We get these on. We're the Nazis, rain day rain Before half-view cannon. Now the KKK have good days Because of your cannons. Yeah! If you are yellow or purple Or got for it, crowns You'll be like no so many The hanging upside down You can lock him all your guns With half-in power But if you want to jill those lights Step them to the shower Oh yeah! Yeah! That's a pretty good cat Then you're like a smithing away Aren't you glad that you voted for a pet Today You can't That's a lot of stuff today Lot of stuff today, man Lot of stuff, I mean we're loaded with crap today First of all, what's the name of this thing? This stupid rada march of the dimes Radio awards, things, and the cat broadcast Is that what it's for? The other awards, we never submit anything to any of these things Because we're not a bunch of suckles Here's some actually we're not going to get the boat And anyway So they had this radio awards for a funny bogus thing Here are a few days ago, which I mentioned yesterday And here's the program from this thing Here's parts of the program tonight's presenters Terry Alexander, the bad boy of radio No one for his money and by the way, it's got his picture here No one for his money personality Good looks Oh yeah, charm and distinguished voice Always be taken as listeners on an unforgettable ride To WDR's afternoon Anybody here ever heard Tony Alexander? No, no WAMR, a radio on Morris Tony Compos By the way, George already hate because he's a Puerto Rican And on the bottom and I mean, way down there on the bottom Oh yeah Recently named it Talker Magazine's 100 most important radio talk show Host in America Stupid Talk 940s, Brook Daniels offers a very energetic and enthusiastic program Even though there's no audience Sometimes serious, sometimes not After no computers can always count on entertaining company on the way home It's Brook takes on everyone from bureaucrats to beauticians And they're being entertained because they listen to the hanker something else And not her She's everybody's mother, big sister, best buddy, and babysitter rolled into one Oh yeah Junior, Randy Junior Is this a joke or what? She was named one of Talker's magazines 50,000 most important talk host in America White's a love record and right next to a Karen G Well, what I'm telling you, Pete, you have done it, man And speaking of Pete Also another sheet rhymes with Pete General manager, you're speaking out of the most memorable experiences Another sheet in this program from this March of Dimes handicapped This celebrity thing Here's Yuri Ruschin from WDR By the way, I was talking about a good friend of mine I don't want to mention show I was talking to somebody yesterday Happy birthday again to you, Cheryl I'm sorry you had a bad time lately because you go with the wrong people But nevertheless So she said boy, it's forgetting fins the ring is building over here Now the EDR is moving in Yeah, it's getting really dark over there Because they got the coast which is kind of like vanilla anyway It's colorless But they got how 105 which is kind of like It's like a cross between Malcolm from the Young and the Hornie And who's like a medium man OJ something like in between that A shade in between And now they got the very, very dark WDR I mean real real black even time could make OJ that black Who's somebody that's like jet black Like an actor actress who's somebody that's real real dark I mean real seriously Wesley's likes What that black that's how black WDR is I said hey Cheryl what this is the way it always goes First the Jews are around and then they move out and all the shards is moving So why should it be a different a Cox broadcasting And she said something about Cox a hoist We had a bad connection again So here's a picture of Greg Reed Oh there's some there's some classics on here I wouldn't even mention a picture of Bob Green with a clown thing on his head You know our good close personal friend Bob Green Remember him? George? No Here's a Greg Reed the his most memorable moment In the business Oh must be the one that they got the pictures of downstairs But he can't talk about that so the one he's saying When power 96 came on here and toppled Y100 as the CHR leader That was his most memorable moment Yeah I'm much of a hea much of anything you do with that by the way No Ronald Wolf clear channel broadcasting this is this is the best Rhana I knew you were like a bimbo but this is the all that this is the best Rhana says Rhana by the way who used to be a tubet sales hole over there at INZ And at the Zeta years ago not that many years ago For most memorable experience was working at the number one news radio station South Florida during Hurricane Andrew We were in us keep in mind will she work in an IOD then? Oh no she was an INZ Anybody who lived through Hurricane Andrew knows that the whole audience during those days was less than WI Oh, the She says we were able to be the eyes and ears for so many people without television help them through some difficult times A close runner up was flying in Budpacks and Telecom Hahaha So Rhana, how do you like that? Rhana the primitive Donna Unbelievable It's just amazing the way people in their minds they manipulate and they twist and they turn and all other crap The number one news station Well I hate to break the news to you sweetheart there is only that one new station. Yeah, it's like, it would be like us saying worthy number one sports socks station. At least that would be something because there is another one even though doesn't exist and didn't get one diary in the rating book. But nevertheless, at least there's another one. Is there another all new station? No, no, was there back during Hurricane Andrew? No, no. And even though we weren't the all new station, we still beat the pants off I&Z then. And IOD. Rana, are you listening to Abici as I'm sure she is? By the way, good morning, Rana, good morning, Peter. What's that sales guy that asshole that worked for Pacion Abici? He's still around. Did you narrow it down a bit? Roger, touch. Roger, crotch with his thought of the day. Here's Roger with his thought of the day. Good, better than bad. Quarter the day. It's quarter the day. Good, it's better than bad. Thank you, Roger, for those very profound thoughts. Oh my god. So like I said, we got tons and tons of crap. Let me salute the great sports writer Michael Holdnamay. Oh, who's back way up on top there. What was the comedy wrote about a few weeks ago? Remember I put him out of the dog house? Even though I never apologized to my close friends, Dave Halberstam because Michael Mayo was really a fascist and drag pretending to be Jewish. But nevertheless, he had a good commoner a couple of weeks ago that nobody else there had to write it was taken directly from this show. Those little ones are always like when you steal from him. Oh, god. Right, you're whole column from that. And he basically did it again. Although I'm not talking about Paul D's because we have some of the people in the station with their head way up his ass. You event their hurricane athletic director. You know, Paul D's? He's an asshole. But most of it's about Jimmy. Jimmy Johnson, all right, Jimmy. Jimmy Johnson. Jimmy, I want to find another scapegoat Johnson. Jimmy, I'm a hard ass Johnson. Jimmy, you better take another look at his Johnson. Oh, by the way, it's bigger than that. So Joe Rosen, all this morning, just don't know where it takes me aside. And so as I just watch it and know, because you're the only person in the building that could appreciate this, that Jason Taylor's got the largest penis on the entire dolphin team. I thought that was pretty big at him to tell me that. That thought was pretty big of the little dog to share that with me. And of course, even though they never played on the same team, you do understand. They do shower together. Oh, yeah. Man, it's still Rose, Jason Taylor, Danny Boy. In fact, Danny Boy and Joe Rose shower together, like just routinely during a week. 9 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQL. 1032 at 5, 60 WQL. This is one of the great momentous days in the history of the human race. And I'm sitting here looking at the phone. Is there one call on there? No, they care about this. No, no. Can they explain it? No. Are they blown away by it? No. This is what we've been waiting for. It said, Jeffrey Marcy, a professor of astronomy at the University of California in Berkeley. The implications are enormous. It says, the more planets that are out there astronomers say, the greater the chance to start that we may discover life elsewhere in the universe someday. Indirect evidence already is hinted that the existence of at least 28 planets around other stars, Marcy and other astronomers deduced it from the tiny wobbles in the stars orbit variations that could only be caused by the gravitational force of nearby planets. They're wobbling over there. Such planets are too small dim and distant to be seen from Earth even with powerful telescopes, but astronomer Greg Henry of Tennessee State University last week detected the next best thing. He observed and photographed a 1.7% decrease in the brightness of a star called rather un romantically HD 209458. And precisely the moment predicted by Marcy and his team of planet secret seekers. Oh, it sounds like a minor achievement. It is not. In essence, Henry produced an eclipse-like immunary planet passing in front of its star. Henry said the achievement absolutely confirms the planet's existence. Now, you see, if we got a star that's our son, okay, it's a star, dummies, unlike a Bible that says, oh, he created the stars also, like an afterthought. Like, oh, yeah, well, we see those lights up there and he created those also just for the hell of it. Just to make it pretty up there in the sky. It was all black and star. Yeah, that's right. We don't want no black stuff up there in the sky. I don't want too many blacks down here under your right. Right. So obviously, if we got all these stars, doesn't it make sense, isn't it logical? I hate to use that term as opposed to Hocus, Pogas, and Buggie, Wuggie, isn't it logical to assume that most stars, maybe all stars have planet revolving around them in their own solar systems, and that makes sense to you. Yeah. See, this is the way I look at it. I'm going to give you another analogy, which will get to one guy, maybe some other people pissed off too, the thing about, you know, human life being like the rose or a flower, you know, blooming in the withering and dying, et cetera. That gets that guy for upset. It's like the human race is like, it took yourself in a position of a little tiny aunt. Little aunt crawling onto the antel. And you look around, and of course, everything is just so enormous. Is there any possibility that you could really understand the magnitude of everything else that's around you? No. No. But that's what human beings are. That's what we are compared to the universe in which we live. Oh, gee. Well, that's no, that's no fun, because now we can't have no answers. Not yet. No, we don't have the answers. So let's make some up. And then if you don't agree with me, I'll kill you. Yeah. That sounds good. Yeah. Let's make up some wild, crazy stories about these people who live thousands of years ago, about men who used to split the sea. So his people could walk across very calmly in their sandals. Yeah, they didn't have to go barefoot. They could keep their sandals on. And about men that used to come back from the dead and virgin birds. Not just what them, but a whole bunch of them. And all this other crap. All these wild, crazy stories. Like I said, and I'm waiting for all you believers out there because the ball is in your court. They're always saying to me, oh, I'll prove there's no God. No, I hate to break the news to you. You've got to ask back where it okay. Prove to me. All these fairy tales, thousands of years ago, that nobody has any real written evidence of her except stuff. Take it. Drugs. My religious bed has settled yours. I'm a religious bed in the game world. I'm a religious bed in the game world. Where we were, we were, we were, we just had to kill the other table. I didn't kill the fairy legends better than you. My religious bed is your religion. My religion is better than you are. We not endorse a father. He likes all the brushes, you are new. My religion is better than you are. For the religious bed is your religion. My religion is better than you are. We were tied and lied our bikes and bets you've learned so why. My religion is better than you are. All right. My religious bed is in your religion. My religion is better than you are. We don't want to use our brains. We're mindless when they go for a. My religion is better than you are. Oh, hey. And by the way, for that jack ball, I wanted to be hanging up and I am glad that I did. See, what is nature? Nature is like animals eating other animals. Oh, yeah. It's called survival of the fittest. Now what kind of a, what kind of god, what kind of creature would have invented that? And how come the overhead is so allowed not by the way? That's just out of nowhere. It's just decided to go like to the, well, just the way it isn't here, touchy. And speaking of touchy, I'll be honest with you. I'm getting a little touchy. I just tried to call, normal can't. People are trying to call center one. You know, you just reach a point. You try to do something good. You try to do something good. For years, I raised, I don't know, millions of dollars for Camilla's house. They've got to be a couple of million. And then they got two big for their bridges. Evidently, they had too much money. The homeless weren't starving. They're not out there on the streets begging and disrupting anymore. So they didn't need our money. Because they were too picky. They didn't want certain things that we were peddling. They didn't like that picture that often said, what they black players on the horses with the guns and all that other stuff. That's so finally part of the company with them. And now here's center one, okay. It helps a lot of the sad part of it is they do a lot of good work for people who really need their help. And without money, who need their medication, who need a lot of things. Then women, children, all kinds of people. But the problem is here again, you know, you put yourself in a position we had the golf tournament, we had the CDs that were all screwed up. We've had nothing but problems. And I'm sitting here thinking of myself, who needs this? Who needs to go out every year and make these appearances on a weekend, tie up my weekend, stay here in town. To go out and then do I benefit from it? Will I make any money from it? No. Is there anything in it for me? No. Not to mention the fact that I write a big check on my own every year, the biggest one that they get. But unless the people that you're working for, whether it's a committal house or center one or anybody else want to cooperate, unless you can get a hold of somebody, I will just don't have time here. We don't have a staff. It's me and George, that's the staff. We don't have the ability to capacity to go running around over town chasing people that we're trying to help. So Carol, this is the last year. This is it. This is the end. It won't be for anybody. OK? I've done my bit. I've raised at least a couple of $23 million over the last several years. And I don't do it for, because we get no publicity about it. None. Zero. It don't even make a line in the newspaper. Nothing. But you can only do so much in them when you just treated with a cacophony of sounds of people, you know, whining about I can't get in. And I'm not knocking those people because they're right. They're trying to help us out. They're also trying to get their stuff. And it's key change for example. Yeah. And I'm sitting here giving the number out and giving the number and they can't even leave a message because the voicemail is full and certain people are returning any phone calls. Sorry, Carol. Audio. Have a great life. This is it. So that's all the more reason to go to specs and buy your cities and stuff this year. Because will there be this stuff next year? No. That's it. And again, it just, it just serves as another interrupture. What I'm trying to do here, just like that golf term. What an unbelievable. What a nightmare that was. And by the way, the reason that we got involved with the band CDs in the first place. That's certain people felt they could save a little bit of money and find somebody else to do business with this year. Did we make that decision here? No, they had the decision. Oh, yeah. Here's somebody new and different. They can save you a little bit off the cost of those CDs and all this good stuff. And that's why we went through the month and half of frustration and I all comes back on me on my ass. I don't need the already worked for Rassels. This is just an extra impediment to my life. So good luck to you, Carol. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how are you? Okay. I didn't call up to argue with any of the guy I don't know enough about religion or politics that you even talk about it. Why? I called. I just wanted to say hi to you. And let you know. I was thinking of you over the weekend because my wife made big pasta. Okay. Great. Thanks. Eeeeh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 775, Neil on our America line. 877, 785, 6345. Little green men from Mars are running around in Tamarack. Anybody care? No. Oh, sorry. That's right. I forgot their foreigners. We got enough of those already. Here's Fort Laudernale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I don't believe you forgetting the scary. I don't want you. Yeah, exactly. Listen, Donald Trump, you know, blew into town the other night. I don't care. Well, he had something to say which fits in with what you're telling us. Yes. First question right out of the box. Do you believe in God? Oh, my God. There's a litmus test now for running for office. Well, there always has been. So he thought for a moment. And then he said yes. It's necessary to believe in God in order to keep the people in control. Oh, God. Right. And I damn they fell off the stove. Yeah. But he's still nothing. Well, he just keeps his God what it takes to be the president. Based on what? My dog could say the same thing. If he could speak, maybe he'll bark it out. Well, I mean, he wanted to take to be president. It gives case money and a good case of money. Yeah. But he's got to write about that. You know, God, you know, keep people in control. Yeah. That's where it is. Mm-hmm. Okay. Thanks. And have a great day. And you don't like Castro. There you go. And he's a man. He's our man that Donald, the Donald. And he's on the celebrity show. So that's good enough for us. We don't care if they got that they're 15 spaceships going to land right here in Florida. They're going to be landed in Jacksonville before midnight tonight. We don't kind to little green, man, little purple women, little purple people leaders. We don't care about that stuff. We got our celebrity shows to take care of and our football games. That's what's important. Right? Uh-huh. FNA, baby. 560, 560, pound-five 60 on the AT&T line that line nine is as dead as the Gurnell is useless as teach on a pencil. 877, 785, 63345. 119, a QA. Dolphins, hurricanes, plus Sunday and money made football. Your football superstition is. Or 365, 6E, QA. He'll ride you. My name is you wish you would you believe in. No. Can NREs? Yes. Anyone with offers? Here's another talk. World champions like Franklin usually wins 427, new champions. He'll definitely win is you to the mate, the user, a player. Long depends on the game, attack security, walk fast for the war. We're still deep. I didn't know that.ynı 103, he knows that. Gonna now go out and kill the other guys! I know he's still there when we have the把 around the box. He's no 돌아 Albertans! Save the bottle off the squatting. Or the gas? A lot of WONORS. I'll be sure if my team doesn't have a proper body. I fell in love with you. We've been milking. Oh, I fell in love with you. No, but, Ganshin, Ellie. Oh, I fell in love with you. All right. Oh, those are the days, baby. 11, 14, at 5, 60, WQAM, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They just had four million little purple people leaders. Land and God, then they ton of beasts. They're on a beach right now. Any interest? No. Okay. What's nature? I mean, what's that? I don't know. Here's a mobile-in-four-lutter-dale. Okay, so how many of something would they post it? Yes, sir. He was the best. He was the greatest. Do you think the person is going to say the first thing I had to call you because that guy's wife made fake post. They're dropping nuclear weapons on Chicago. And this guy calls the Tommy. I was thinking about you this weekend, and the, my wife made fake post there. I'm right. Well, they're dropping nuclear bombs and a cash roll fish with their fake post there. Yeah. I guarantee if I would even her baked, baked as easy, I would have been dropping lots of bombs. So, kid, listen, yeah, work, you always talking about how crappy now advertising is with the esports, right? Have you ever seen, once in a while, I'll be watching the sports center, and they'll have on a press conference with these coaches, these football coaches, you know what they're doing now, right? They're putting up these big blankets behind them with like the logos of the team, and the Cadillac Cadillac Cadillac Cadillac Cadillac, or staple staple fight. Yeah, but why are you watching that? Why do anybody watch press conference? I don't. Why don't? I'm putting through. I'm putting through. I'm just saying that real fast. I'm channel two. And the baked post, too. Okay, host, there's have a great day. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the George wants you to go back to North Carolina by the way. I'm leaving for vacation a couple of days early. And goodbye, Carol, and goodbye, set a one. I mean, we'll finish our thing through December this year, because we like to finish what we start. But with absolutely no help, no collaboration. None. Zero. It's like I got to fight the radio station. I got to fight her. I got to fight the can't find norm. I can't who's become invisible again. It's just too much. Too much. And it's sad, because in this particular case, we raised every year. We have for the last few years now. A very significant portion of their annual budget. But you know something. We've done as much as we can. Would you agree? Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, now. Yes, sir. Hey, George almost had it right about that being. Haven't. That other solar system. But it's not. Right, the question is, with the new excuse. Uh, the white had it. I like how the questions even the guy called before they. Hang up on me, please, Guy, even that guy. What is nature guy? Even he said he's not a Christian either, just a God guy. Yeah, God squad. Yeah, the brother of people. We're going to come up with the new excuse. Yeah, and I got good stock and fired up. Yeah. We're going to blow this place up and he's going to start a new. There. They're busy working on and aren't you. That's why they don't have any. This. yesterday. Okay, thank you sir. Thank you so much. Yeah, we're busy forming, letting some responses to this just like the NRA people. And as soon as we have the, you know, the prescribed manual with all the buzzwords and cliches, we'll call you with the appropriate crap. 560560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Kate Coral. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Colin from Kate Coral. Long time member of the Freedom from Relage and Foundation. All right. And an out of the closet ATS. Yes sir. I don't know what you received. You're talking to me. It's called about to do this. So called believers out there. They got nothing to say. It can't Scott their time. Well, this month's free thought today's got some terrific articles in it. Okay. I don't know if you receive it. Yes, I do. On a monthly, yes, I do. A side-ass last editorial on page six, the terrific. Also a member of the Citizenship United for the separation of church and state. There's a case before the Supreme Court now about prayer. You had talked about that yesterday. Oh, I missed it. That's all very lino on television last night. Here's a good book. I'll come up with some other way around it. You know those Bible-funcler's high school football and a prayer and all football and prayer and all goes together. You know what they say defending the first amendment is like washing your socks. You have to do it over and over. Yeah. Redneck spirit and prayer in the football. So it's all one thing. You know, tailgating. Okay. Have a great day before one thing. Here's a book I'd like to recommend. Okay. The arrogance of faith by forest, G Woods. Okay. Nice talking to you. Thanks a lot, Paul. I'll pray for you. I wonder if he's kind of tired. 560550, 550 on the 18T line and on the worldwide line there. All new Christians out there. Come on. We want to hear from you. Save us. Please, before it's too God damn late, before all us humans out here burn and hell. All you good believers, all you Orthodox, you know, all you crazy Islamic duckcases or busy, you know, putting your planes into a spin into a dive. They're diving on it. 877-785-6345 don't forget the Buddhist tomb either way. They're rubbing it. That's why they reproduce like that. This sits there all day. They're rubbing it. Here's a mobile and north-mimey beach, hello. Yeah, sir. How's it going? Okay. You know, if God created man in his own image, what he looked like a crow magnan or king Kong or what, you know, I got a next door neighbor that went over there the other night and he was watching a thing on the Romans on the history channel and somehow we got into religion. I didn't even know this guy was into religion. But every question I asked him to answer was in the Bible. Every in I'm like, what I just read, which have done as many times before, but I just read in the first two pages of Genesis, which I'll even a little child that this is a book written by, and well, it's a series of books written by very, very primitive people who are just trying to explain to other primitive people or even do more than they work about like a little child. Here's a light in the sky. Here's another light that comes out at night and it's so ridiculous on the face of it. And then people start quoting from the Bible to justify their positions on any number of issues and about why they treat other people away that they do, you've got to be a lunatic to be doing these things. Yeah, they've got to get to gather the butterfly in there after these people. Right. Well, I haven't got out of there quick when that started happening. But, oh, he's also an avid hunter and you know, got about 30 guns, 29 is going to compound both, but get the nice guy. That's, you know. Yeah, he's not going to go because he only shoots the animals. And to the end of the sentence. But he, but he eats them. Yeah, well, like just event tourist that he says, he only shoots the things that had the ability to shoot back. That's right. Okay, have a great day. Hey, you too. And I'll pray for you. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T line line nine is dead. 877785 on Neil. 877785. 634. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Yes, sir. I got back. I was in the Archaeus today. I'm reading a real newspaper that Daily News and here we're talking about the Egyptian aircraft. The headline was, I was sounds like Bob Lincoln to me. It is. Okay. I'm going to kill myself right now. I just thought it was another truck. He's becoming chronic now. He's not. No, you don't remember the day you were still here. There was a couple weeks ago before you went away. When I got caught about national airlines lined the Vegas and gave us the whole rundown of the whole. And then he called and repeated part of it. Bob, please go sell some trips. Go sell, go do some stuff. Go to Vegas. Go have another kid get married somewhere. Please. 560, 50560. Last call here for anybody who wants to talk about important stuff. If not, if to you. Okay. I'm just playing music every day now. I looked at that contract and said a radio show tended to. Didn't say what you have to do. What what's the point? And I know that the people are out there who who all all the are out there. And then they start to play the games. I will don't hang up on me and I know the games. I'm sitting here waiting to have an discussion. I don't want to be calling here pre-efficient anything that they might have to say for two and a half minutes waiting for me to hang up on them, predicting it, which they know if they keep doing that I will. So I guess they prove their point. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877. See, and this is what's sad. This is what the proof is in a pudding. Okay? Because those of you who believe in a horse crap, you don't have the balls to discuss this with me. With people with little weak minds out there who would lemon with your kids, who of course have no choice. Oh, yeah. You're giving a big song in advance about this crap. Brainwashing. Brainwashing. Just like you were brainwashing. But you haven't got the foggyest idea. What you're talking about? Oh, we don't know what happens when you die. I mean, we don't know what happens when you die. That's what I'm saying. We don't know what happens when you're born. Oh, we don't. Here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to let you know that we have no credible media left in this town. Over the weekend, I don't know if you saw this to big South American convention, they're having down Cuba. No, I did not, sir. I don't pay any attention to Cuba. Well, anyway, it's not part of my life. I have no interest in Cuba or anything related to Cuba. Yeah, let's this list of this from the channel 7 reported. They said, you know, they're they're voting on the news about, so that's this has something to do with what we're talking about here today. Well, not really. No, okay. Here's another guy to want to bash humans. Okay. Call up on audio mom be. Okay. Tell them there a bunch of assholes. Tell them whatever you want. Get it to get an interpreter. Call up and go. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, and have a great day. It will give you an end as the penis share as number two. You can call his house and scream about bilingualism for a few hours. Here's a pop at OB. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, God, how you doing? Okay. Hey, you probably scored a guy for life. Neil, he'd probably never had God hang up on him before. That's a neat analogy about the microscopic run-offices in your matches. You know, but you see in that layers and layers of life, that's cool. Not in your mattress and you're on your body in your head. You know, I mean, my thing, the electron microscopes. Right. A shot of your mattress and that's right. Well, the mattress, your head, whatever. Yeah. They're on your man. Life on life. Neil, have you ever heard of pantheism? No. I looked it up one time in dictionary. It's the doctor in that. Do you ever really been in panties? Go ahead. Okay. The universe in its entirety is God. Yeah. So what is what is that? You know what that is? There's a word for that. It's called double talk. Yeah. They've ever heard of these science. What's wrong with the word nature? Why is that an evil word? See, I've said this before many, many times. And a guy that called before has proven but the reason people like to give me this song and dance while watching nature. And because then I don't have any respect for nature and man is the one animal. Let's destroy nature, destroying the environment. So it's very easy to say, well, pretend like well, nature, what that was that? Then we didn't think exactly after all we got God. Nature is always God. Yeah. And we don't respect for it. Later on appreciation, we have no understanding. We have no respect for it. It's God, but you can't form a person really. If God is a word, it's a word. Spel backwards, it spells, drug. And I'll take you to one of my drugs anytime over some nebulous God with a long beard and a bad aim. Whoever time he tied this guy is going to punish somebody, he gets a whole bunch of innocent men, women and children besides because he's got bad aim because he keeps screwing up all the time. And because you can't get rid of that little guy with a Pittsburgh in the tail. Boy, wow, scary, really scary. Every day I do the show, I realize, just how scary it is. It's 1126 and 560 WQAN. Kim Bocafr talk sports. I am right near. I'm sports radio 560 WQAN. Floridians, dumb I have dirt. I'm still afraid. And every front of me is soft. And every front of me is soft. Right out of the corner field, on the wall. I'm doing silly stuff, not stupid. When you leave the house, they'll jump, but you're a white wall. There's now just a memory. And every night doesn't have a clue. Yes, sir, we're here locked up damn delivery. And every front of me is soft. I think he's just running. Well hell yeah, sir, dude. I'm like he's just about all you're saying to it. I'm just, you know, he's brutal. The first decade of calculations yielded a size estimate for this new planet. Astronomers believe it's half again as large as Jupiter. Although its mass is 63% lower, a discrepancy still would be explained. In other words, it's big, but it's small and mass. Kind of like fat people. Yeah, some people are fat like algulsine, big and mass. We've essentially seen the shadow of the planet used to measure the planet's size, set an ecstatic marshy with this one. Everything hangs together. How do you like that? And I'll probably hang these guys before they're finished. Like they burned the witches in Salem. Oh, by the way, they're apologizing. Did you see that a couple of weeks ago? Oh, yeah. They're apologizing to the families. The great, great, great, great, great, great grandchildren of the witches who got burned in Salem. And we're apologizing to the mortgages that were cleaning up history and changing it all around because they weren't witches after all. Which one? Well, I'm not really sure, but nevertheless. Here's a Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I had done. You mentioned a Camila's house before about the good work date. I have a little expose for you. I work part time for the outreach center, which is a satellite unit of a Camila's house. I went to work the first day to lower religious people as a past that he sits on a desk. Right. The first day I'm sitting on a farm within two hours. They call me up in the house, but one of the guys got locked up. He's brought in. He happened to be one of the few guys that had legitimate identification. By the way, Daddy, and I think of print any of these people that come into the place. Nothing. You don't have to have any ID. The point I'm trying to make you, if they were to think of print these people back day, you would find pedophiles back there, child molested. Well, I do, but you don't understand. Just to the last Thursday, they started a finger printing there. Now, people at the arts diocese. So maybe the other start. Think of print of the people at Camila's house too. Any other thing that works with printals, on vacation, Daddy, figure you a bed. They give you showers. You can have a two-ish room between crimes. The twent crimes. That's actually correct. Well, I got news for, I'm all through doing charity work. I mean, I do it because I believe in it. I thought I was doing something good. I'm not going to do it anymore. We can put out the best of Neil and we can, we can sell it for cost. You know, why do we need to give the money to charity? We can sell it for cost. We can give the money to needy people like me and George. I mean, you know, what the hell doesn't make? But you're seeing a paper of all of that. I'm all through with charities because either what you do isn't the right thing. You're not selling the right thing. They don't agree with the philosophy of it. Or yeah, exactly. Give them all of those business. All of politicians. Let it get all of those. They get dressed up of politicians. Thanksgiving. We're going to make up the mayor of Hollywood comes down. They have the two houses. Those are food. Right. Of course, the newspaper. When you're raising money for homeless people and the charities start getting too picky about how you what you're pilling the raise the money with. At that point, I said, okay, well, if you got that much money coming into, you don't need our help. Then we'll do a help somebody else. There was one woman she was the biggest manager and I asked her, you know, casually, why she does this is not allowed the money. She says, I feel God was something moving within me. Yeah. I just hear her. I thought she was something Leo Abbey. I'm a college student. Why don't you wait that whole? But I'm on the way through the Hershey Highway. And thank you. So I guess you don't like the middle son. Is that what you're saying? I'm all through with charity. That's it. I'm going to become my own favorite charity. 560, 50560, pound fight and don't not for lack of time. And I'm not looking for any brownie points because like I said, never got one word credit in any news paper, even on the even on the restroom wall, okay? And wasn't looking for that. But at least give me some cooperation. No. Okay, goodbye. That's it. Goodbye, Norma. Have a great life. Just float away, please. Leave me alone. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's coral geobals. Hello. Oh, let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. What a best finger fast today. What? Yes, sir. He's all because two words. That was great. And doing a very poor job. Two by the way. I'm calm because I thank you so much for reading that article about the planet. And I just wanted to address the asshole that wouldn't want to have a conversation with you before. I mean, if you really believe that this is the only son that there's a planet that can be a good place. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And it's a great way to do that. And there's a little bit of, and of course, these people thought that these lights only came out. They didn't know that it was a son and it was a moon. They just thought that these were lights up there. Like, come out of God damn light. Of course, they didn't have no light bulb. And how long would they believe that that light was revolving around us rather than us revolving around. Yeah, you're going to get the Pope to stop again. He's going to have to apologize. But you know, it's funny that you read those verses a couple of few weeks back on one of the, I think, was on court had, you know, the larynthus, the Bible on there. And they'd started out with all that, you know, first day, the difference. That they did this for a second day. And I'm just sitting there shaking my head saying, Jesus Christmas, how many people have they believed us. Jesus Christ is not the setting. It's talk about charity. You talk about people ripping other people off. How many billions of tax read dollars? You don't want to have to be one starving per, this is the three old sin. There wouldn't have to be one man, one under child. Even with all the over population, we got starving in this world. If all that tax-free money and all the wealth that these so-called religions have got, we're going to take care of those people. Amen, brother. Okay. I'll pray for you. I'll pray for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Is this line working today or what, by the way? Yes, it's working. Just want to check. Not that I'm paranoid about the phone lines. Like I said, we'll do the best. We can. The rest of November, all of these, December, because I'd like to finish what I start for 101. We hope you go to specs and buy the stuff. And if you want to call at number, maybe somebody will call you back someday or not, as the case may be. But I'm doing it at best. I can't understand. You know, that's all I can do. And I want to be in the middle. Well, the glove tournament with the phone calls that nobody returned. It's very frustrating. Like this radio station. You tried to do something good. They give you any support. Oh, they give you anything to work with. Oh, they give you anything. No, I helping hand. No, gland. No. No. Kicking the ass. No. Not even that. Not even that. Nearly even a good more recognition. Because it's not a sports show. Did you, were you here when the hour by hour numbers came by? I was worried that went after you all went on vacation. So I was here. You saw that. You saw that sheet. I saw it. We were both wearing it as a matter of fact that sheet. Over hits. Back to Ryan's. Me that restaurant in the Thai restaurant in Pembroke Pines. She's a, a, a, a, a, a. Yeah. 21 before noon at five, 60 W to Q of it. It's so sad, you know, for the same, for the same price, for the same price. I could be sitting somewhere where there were people that like, oh, yeah, let's talk about that. That's pretty interesting, you know. No, my wife made, made, make the pasta this week. And I was thinking about you. Yeah. You know what I'm going to do. I'm leaving right now. I'm going home and making baked pasta. And that's not good. Yeah, nothing complicated to buy. You don't have to think. You just throw the pasta in a pot of boiling water. A little olive oil in there. Maybe a little salt. Yeah, put a little bit of pasta in for a little sauce on there. You load on your mozzarella, whatever you're much a rel. I'm sorry. I'm not talking quito talk. What's a rel pop that big in a little casserole in the oven 350 for about 45 minutes. I want to have. Hmm. 24 noon at five, 60 W to Q of it. I think I like my baby. Alright. Every good fish in those it can't do it. It's not so very hard to do. I'm a pasta. The name of the game is the Bible says. If you have a cook in it today, we do tell people you know the way. It's by the pre-ord how. It's their possession to waste. The battle is over. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in things. You make the Bible say it through. No matter what you do, you can think of a horse. The horse will always bore him to think of a poison in his name. Alright. Way to go now. What are you going to do? Find a portion said it. If you did not dare down, somebody will always be okay. Beat the crap out of your kid. You're doing the rattles eat now. Go on the field, come in. I will say it's by the door. I'll say it's by the door. I don't want you to be here. Do they attack with fire? You four things you're doing at five, fifty, seven, two, and we got a handful of city day to a flock, six and a flock tonight. We got food, jobbing, flock during the sports business. Any K with a Ukrainian G.A. show. Ten a flock tonight. From evidence is found for a faraway planet. For the first time ever, a stuonymous capture photograph against a distant planet passing in front of its star. Of its sun. It's sun. And those planets by the way are revolving around their suns. And maybe their daughters too. How do you like that? Y'all are lay a way of apologizing by the way. The Pope wants to apologize again. It's a little bit like maybe we can dig up his remains and apologize to them. What do you think? Sounds good to me. We're sorry. We're apologizing. We're just like the witches that they burned and say I'm sorry about that too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line as we continue banging away and banging away. Whether it's the guy there and baked pasta or whether it's something stupid guy there and football again. And Jimmy did this and Danny did that. The same old one dimensional asshole as man. It's terrifying. It scares the living crap out of me. Which is good to keep regular though, by the way. That's one thing about this show. It'll really keep you regular. Here's Boeton Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm listening. I can really hear you. Just one or two talk about the religion thing. I'm a following way Catholic and my family was all brought up in the Catholic Church education. So I think the fathers me on the religion things that when a family member or a close friend gets real sick, they turn the religion. They seem to get a lot out of it. I think my daughter is very religious too. She goes to church every Sunday and why? I don't ask her. I just know that she, that's the way she feels. And I don't like to interfere with her personal feelings. She knows how I feel about it. I told her in fact for a while I used to say I belong to the church you but I don't know. And then I heard you earlier saying, it's not that you don't know. It's that you know, like some people say, well, I don't know because there could be a guy that couldn't be a guy, but I don't know. I'm not going to voice my opinion when we're another. And that's kind of the way I've been lately. But I heard you the other day talking about, you know, you take an ant put it in the bottle. And you know, a couple of weeks later it might just disintegrate, but it doesn't go anywhere. And we're talking about happening hell. Yeah. You know, what happens after you die? Of course we know what happens after you die. Going to a box. Yeah, we dig up those Egyptian mummies from a thousand of years ago. Guess what? They're still in the box. Yeah. They're still out saying too much. They're still out crying for mummy anymore. My question you with with close friends and family, you should even discuss it. Or you know, or the less said the better. Yeah. The less said the better. I mean, as far as family is concerned, I mean, I think when kids, you know, when you're raising your kids, you, you know, let them pick their own poison. You try to do a good job. Let them pick their own poison. But certainly if you got any kind of common sense or decency, you don't brainwash them as if you've got some kind of answer. Which most people do unfortunately. I know like my daughter, she is for children now. You're just like this crap about Indira, Indira religious marriages. What would the differences it make? Well, what difference does that furry tales? I mean, if two people love each other, what differences it make, what furry tales it they've been brainwashed with, what not just another way to keep people apart. Just another way to separate people from each other and make them hate each other. And have a great day. Thank you. I'll pray for you. And your daughter, I'll pray for her a lot. 560, 50560, Pompah. And like I said, not a one, not one, not one. Believe it's almost noon now. I brought this story up like quarter after 10 this morning. Big major goddamn story right on the front page. It should have been in the upper right hand. Quarter of every newspaper. But of course, they're more interested in, you know, exciting blood and guts. Oh, some of the lady got killed in the highway. I mean, the people get killed in the highway. He would be guy damn day. That's those important story in this town. I don't think so. 560, 50560 on the AT&T, wireless line 877, 785 Neo, 785, 6345. We're still waiting for an explanation for our believers out there about all these other solar systems, all these other sons or stars, whatever we want to call them, and all these other planets revolving around these stars. And of course, we haven't even seen the tip of the ice Brigitte. This is the first time we've actually seen that we actually had evidence. But like I said about the little and crawling out of the handheld and looking around, and oh my god, what's all of that? What's all this? And that's how we are. But we just wanted to admit it because we're arrogant, we get statistical and we're self-serving. And we have no respect for nature. But other than that, here's a mobile and forward waterdale. Hello. Neo, how are you? Okay, sir. Well, first of all, I'd like to tell you a little bit that they all suck because no one gives me the information that there's a major traffic accident in the 95 and broad or sunrise I guess it is now. Take any about 45 minutes to get some vow to sunrise on. 95 won, which way? North? North, yes. I don't know what they're all having, but I see all the really bird or something. I think the audience has gone. They're all listening to the two or live Jews there on a way. And that's where they all are. Right. Well, I got a couple of things I want to talk to you about. The first thing is the religion thing. I was raised. I wasn't when these people raised in this Catholic environment and all those raised enough. I guess they caught productically, family's methodist in the south. And we didn't do the church every day, but we did the church on Sundays and the whole bit. But I started to think about it myself and I've come to the inclusion that might be as far as the quadriplegic. He's always a good kid. He got hurt in an accident. He's paralyzed for life now. You know, if there is a God, why would he let someone like that? You know, that was a good person. That was a good time. Happens right. But if God is there. Just remember what they say in Christianity, good works alone, won't cause you to the kingdom of heaven. There is no incentive to be a good person. There's no incentive. If Hitler, in this crap a lot of Hitler would have accepted Christ on his death then he's going to heaven. So what's the motivation? What's the incentive? This to be a decent caring person if this God that they've made up doesn't give a crap about those things. Just what kind of theory tells you can course you into believing. Right. It's like the kids that are born to the eighth mothers and the kids that They've ate. Right. The kids never did anything wrong. That's why God punished them. And you know, there is a clear answer. How about all the people when we had the flood, all the innocent people, not everybody on a planet could have been bad then. They couldn't have all been evil. But he was just pissed off. So except for that old drunk at his family, everybody got killed. Even the animals got killed. Right. That doesn't make sense. The ones that were busy messing up the york. Like if I could just change channels there, I got one of the things I'd like to rent about. I have a 16 month old child and he's one of these kids that has the chronic care infections. We've been going to eight pediatric. We're not going to, you know, I'm not going to slam the doctor on the air. I'd like to, but I'm not going to. He put us on nine antibiotics before we finally beg them to give us a report to your specialist. Nine antibiotics. You know, do you know what that does? That makes me think of you in a biotic. But why would you later on? Why would you keep going back to the same crack? Because we're on an HMO and that's our primary care for the kids. I'm on your crap. I'll try to get a little bit more suck. And I don't know. I think you're not on the job. It sucks. You're trying to the child. I think I don't know if you've been through this. But I talked to my, the guy that works in the extraordinary. He said, oh, yeah, my son had two ear infections and they fit this to the ear. No, it was a gross specialist and they, you know, took care of it. And I'm like, this guy's given us nine antibiotics to try to take care of the ear infection. It's just, I'm different. I'm different. I'm different. I'm trying to catch the deep into the phony. They don't know how to drive in. I just wanted to vent and I hope you have a wonderful guy. Good day. Welcome to Florida. And I'll pray for you. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Yeah, I know, guys. Yes, sir. There's no, no, no, no. We got problems. We have a lot of time. We'll get hold of a witness. Yeah, okay. Well, listen, call me back on a real phone when I can understand what you're saying. Okay. You got a real, like an Argyle sock over it in the phone too. Call on the foot of the world. Okay. Sorry about that, sir. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 45. How about those stuff? How about that, Jeannie? That's what they're all worked up and pissed off and fired up about. You better get with it, Mr. You just don't have your priorities straight enough. You better get with the pogrom. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. I don't believe in God. I think it's because you're home. Oh, is that the reason? Yeah, that must be it. I mean, if I were home, I wouldn't want to believe in God either. Oh, I mean, that's basically a natural, uh, natural. Yeah. Yeah, you're talking about nature and, uh, you know, how humans, uh, don't want to hear about nature, but do you think that's natural? Well, I mean, you know, when a man has anal intercourse with a woman, is that natural? Uh, that's not the point, sir. No, no, sir. I'm asking you a question. When a man has anal intercourse with a woman, is that natural? No, that's not natural. Okay, thank you. So quit a fudge packet. 567560, pound 560, so always comes back to that. He has got no support of his own, but it must be because you're a home-o. That's why you don't believe in God. Is that anything to do with it? No, no. Although, of course, the fact that you use the Bible to, you know, I mean, and that's just homosexuals, but blacks women anybody else, to spread hate. That's what it's great for. Oh, what a Bible says is, it's the same book. That's what you're upset about. It's the same book that says those silly things right in the beginning and Genesis that are right now or go, that are so obviously written by primitive ignorant people. And you're going to make judgment about, well, God says, this is evil. It gets serious, man. Again, you're using a book to justify your prejudice. Isn't that novel? Oh, wow. And by the way, I got this great book here. You'd like to read. Peter, the rose of Vickers of Christ, the dark side of the papacy, which has got a tremendous history of the Crusades and the Spanish inquisition. I mean, unbelievable. Oh, you're probably going to read this. Oh, Bory, okay. It's unbelievable from all the good God people like you. They weren't killing a homo. Is there were just killing anybody who wouldn't go along with the program? How do you like that, sir? My God, sir, in front? Yeah, we're afraid of malright. We're afraid of anybody who believes in that crap. Four minutes before noon at 5.62. Hey, Jeff, we know the scores. Learning a 10. Another last game. Oh, we've done it. Only on 4th radio 5.62, 8 out. Well, you can't play hands. I can't go to school for a day. I'll get from these days a day. And technically, he did not. He was fed thing his fun. He did come to me in the day. And I could bring that a day. No, yeah, that day is the day. You know, it's much too sad when we were in the day. We were both old and one too sad to be. You're the only one who's only a couple days. He was the white house to be our day. I could catch a fish, but. So many can't be seen. He feels like two, so it's just much of a time. He's the last high. Oh, that's the way it's all. I'm not a normal girl, but he's the guy that's today. I'm not a normal girl, but he's the guy that's today. You know, I'm a normal girl, but he's the guy that's today. George Bush has had his daughter clean and never put up in it. He's running for the White House, so he just can't admit it. Don't drop in that nut all evening down a few people. He's only can't he drunk with you. He even dropped some massive juice. Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it? He prefers the press with shut their mouth. Oh, it's none of your goddamn business. He did more than what you think. But he watched it down the same. And he pre-perpoke, you have. That's the question that he does. And he makes his point much clearer. The lights go razor on a mirror. But he wants the two beys. That he didn't do anything. George Bush did that. He's just clean and never put up in it. Can't be running for the White House. He just can't admit it. George Bush did that. Oh, rock, rock. I'm just in that kind of mood that they were given a little bonus action for you. 12.02 with 5.60 WGQA in. By the way, let me again recommend. I'll talk about it tomorrow. I'll save it. We got too much important stuff going on here today. Even though the cat's got everybody's tongue, especially the believers out there. They move a little people. Michael Mayo when the going gets tough, the leaders get childish about Paul. They use the special about Jimmy. He's in there. Oh, hey, about Jimmy. Nice going there. Michael Mayo. You're almost back on our good list. You just do that apology, man. Is he going to do it? No. Come on. God damn it. David, how much they have. And all the decent people in this town. Why don't the apology for that grotesque? I will not give it to you. Thank you. 5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line 877-785-Neal. We had any calls from like out of town today or what? I don't mean a lot of time without any of this. What? How do they stay? Now one call from out of state. They just discovered there's life on Uranus. Was that as a good call today? Well, that's right. The very first call. See, you're so solemn. You're a good living and reading young guy or college kid. Did you seem like it was 100 years ago? Yeah, you're right. That's before we got an all this religion crowd. Oh, we turned it off on you. That's too bad. Too bad. Am I going to stop talking about it? Oh, no. No chance. No way. In fact, when I go on vacation, George is going to be talking nonstop. Anti-religion. Stop. Indiculina swing club. Stop. Stop. That's right. Tell you right now. And more power to him, God. Damn it. 5. 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877-785-6345. I thought I screamed. I yelled. I raised holy hell to get that God damn line. And there it is. Boy. I think right up business, I really do. I think I'm talking to myself. Of course, I've been saying that for 20 years. Here's Tamarack, hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, you know, we're 30 years ago. I found out there was no God when I was in, you know, in the war. And they were guys praying. And I said, man, he's running back in body bag. Man, there's no point. I mean, they say, you know, the old adage, there's no AT&T in a foxhole. How do you like this guy before? Then, uh, call about the, the guy that wanted to be hung up on. How about he prayed for money. God help them with your money. But when it comes to getting your crap blown away, you don't have time to worry about that. Did it get in all robots, uh, pray for millions of dollars? Yeah, I'm not right. Well, but God told me to do that. Yeah, of course. You gave him a deadline. The thing about it was I brought my kids up without religion. I was fighting my grandparents both sides Christian and Jewish. The whole way, my kids are now in the 20s. And I just find your own way. I've wanted these he's intrigued with Satanism. Because he can't figure out why people believe in macrap. Mm-hmm. Okay, on top of it. And I just told them all along. I said, it's for people who basically won't do for themselves. I mean, I didn't like to say. Just like Jesse said, it's for weak people. Exactly. A crime for weak people. The funny thing is, is that on Sunday when you see that God answered the prayer of a football player. Yeah. But yet, there's people, people, people, people, if possible, you didn't hear their prayer. Very, very, very crap. But the way you notice that the football players on both teams could be praying to the same God, but it all depends on which team God got to bet on. Who he wants to go to the same God. Yeah. And you know, on TLC this whole week, I think at late at night, there's a special about all about evolution. It's from something from the BBC, I think. And where we come from to primordial soup, you know, bubbling up from the middle of the earth. Yeah. And you can smell it. You know, from the bacteria in all of it. I think we're all the God people should watch in this application. Well, they're full of it. Okay. I can probably relate to it. Okay. How to write the out pray for it. Yeah. Primordial soup. But of course, why do you think? If you really have a movement, it's not talking about Beethoven either. And I think it smells like that. There's all that bacteria in there. It's all that best to make. How do I mean, it's lunch hour right now. It's we're not eating because we had a nice breakfast today. From all American subs. I mean, from, a Atlantic city subs. I mean, from what is their name again? I've got a mental block on it. That's a Atlantic city subs. That's what I just said. I put an A. I don't like that guy. A Atlantic coast mortage guy. What's his name? Go ahead and mention it. Yeah. He's good buddies with the Todd Drecca. Anyway, five, six, seven, five, six. He probably here's a call from St. Mary's Georgia. Hello. God, Neil, I miss you. And God. Yes, sir. How was it? Mary doing? She up there this week. Wonderful. I tell you what, when you get sick, you get in shot at and run off the road. You can come up here with us. Okay. And I put in a real good up there in Georgia. Hey, you don't know what he's got to do. I can hang out with Billy Carter and go pee on a side of building stuff like that. It's me dead, by the way. I think Billy Carter's dead. But anyway, we're not that far north. We're almost up here with the jaguars. All right. I'd say it and as bad as that can get. But it's wonderful being out of South Florida and hand on this for a second. What did I do with this? That's what they also. Every time somebody leaves their OG, we sure miss Neil. Rest of it. I don't have a public mission. Because while they're here, though, they don't have anything to say. I've never less. We didn't listen to you for two minutes while we were down. And now we can't get enough of you. Exactly. All right, man. Have a good one. Have a great life, pal. And say hi to Mary on your way to the bank. Yeah, Virgin Mary. She's hanging out there in St. Mary's on a way too. What's that place in Georgia? Athens? No, not Athens. It's com, conures. Conures, Georgia. And John conures up there in Michigan. He's pretty pissed off that she can't at least get up there. To Michigan once in a while. Because there's a hell in Michigan. Yeah, I think it's if Solana is what it is. By the way, how about that? Tommy Brady. I think your marriage owes me one. Okay, I told you that this kid not one is he look of it. He's a real stud. I told you, man. You owe me. Well, it's really something. This year I'm rooting for Michigan. God, all right. It's terrible. Routing for Michigan. I want to play in the Spartans, of course. But I mean, I have a rooting interest now for Michigan, which never would have been a pet. I was squeezed myself when they beat Penn State on Saturday. Michigan. But of course, you know the way I am. I'm a sucker for good looking young guy like it. I'm looking for whatever it was he said in here. What's all you say about him? Huh? Something about he has a stud. There you go. Well, man, it's sometimes the man who has a little slow on the uptake. But he has a stud. There you go. Nine minutes past noon is 560 WKOM 560 50560. On the AT&T line, 87775 6345 are we alive? Are we alive? No. I don't think so. I think this town is a city. You can smell it. Like you said, I think that yeah, well, we have for lunch, Primordial soup. Yeah. Yeah, he ended up to a nice thing. You know, like kind of not look warm, just a little beyond look warm. Similar for 20 million billion billion years. And then just the, the, you know, is right in it. Hmm. Wow. That's worth in Josh Friedley at A. That's worth in Friedman. Nine. Yeah, maybe that's what his problem is. Everyone had the staples in there. Some of that Primordial soup started. Seek them out. We need to get the staples singers to pray for Josh Friedman. Well, pray for your Josh. Probably not a QA. Sports radio, 560. You say, hey, hey. You think they're difficult with me this morning. You think Black Mellon's done well so far. A big Black Mellon special gift and Josh Friedley does. Through one. You don't think Black Mellon is a Japanese girl. You've been on a rollercoaster, but he's a giant, hoping, girl. That's a male ride. What's wrong with your ass of the night? Back them. I just want to bet a night. Rhoys. Oh, you're a man, right? Something's a male ride. Oh. Oh, well. You people think you're a man. I've had your hair and bruise as you're mad at the way you live. All right. We're wet at it. You get my bone killed all in straw. It's terrible running to poke a hair so fairly if it's wrong. You found it, you lied. You just beat my son. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. 15 at 5. I'm sick to WQAM. From evidence is found for a faraway planet. Oh, my God. It's just, and like I said, and you know, it's not only have we had any believers calling you. Except that one idiot with his lonely $50 from God. But also the Egypt era crash thing that I talked about about the conflicting stories. Totally diametrically opposed yesterday to today. Well, the same evidence totally opposed right in the front page of the same newspapers. And what do they got to say about that? What do they got to say? Yeah. And this is what like I said, all the technology we got today. All the modern technology. Same old tire responses. Oh, you don't believe in God because you're a fact. Oh, and I'm my wife made big Z to this week. That's it. That's the response. Yeah. That's a good response. That's a good way to deflect it. And I left me that pasta baked pasta this weekend. That's a tremendous way to deflect the obvious. Maybe the Virgin Mary brought it to the house. I don't know. Maybe she's in with that good crap. She was a ten. How could she've been a ten in Jewish? There's some magic was your ten in Rome. What am I talking about? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 775, 6345, all over the universe. All the way out to 800 and what is it? 59 trillion miles away. Maybe we'll get a call from out there. Here's Pepper Pines. Hello. Pepper Pines. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, 30 years ago when I studied high school physics, I already had come to the conclusion that's planet everywhere. No reason I wouldn't be. The same was a physics that applied to this polyuniverse. The one was right. Neil. And, uh, all right, Neil. I'm, uh, two thirds of the way through Hitler's Pope. Have you actually read the books? No. Oh my god. I don't have a copy yet. I will be happy to give you a minute so that I'm done. Okay. We have Spine Drop at all. Right. I grew up in that era. I'm being taught to review this man. He had his picture and had reclaster him in the Catholic schools. I was very liais, at least a name. Oh, my god. He is personally responsible for all the 380,000 people going to Auschwitz. All right. All he had really was to protect is, you know, the Vatican. He didn't want to try to get scrapped. That's right. I would have been bad for business. Oh, I got insane. But, um, meanwhile, in Catholic times, I lasted into my, but you don't remember. But you do remember, we're not just a year or two ago when I had the earthquake's there in Italy and the poor St. Francis of Assisi there. He's all been out of shape because all that artwork and everything all crumbling, you know? Exactly. Let's see. I was revenge. More stuff they lost. But even I packed it in. I did the, uh, and you know, your high score. I literally quit hard, uh, Catholic, uh, religion and a rage and walk out of the school. I did the one thing you are not allowed to do in religion. You know what that is? I'm sure you know. Question it. Oh, ask questions. Oh, my. You were asking questions? I mean, and the thing, especially not the Bible trash, which made no sense to me. And I'm asking where I thought we're in television questions, and you know, student science. Well, you know what you're doing? You're a troublemaker. Sure. You're not supposed to. You're a troublemaker man. You're a crock and me. I was just not to say that to you. That's right. Did Niel, is they called my parents at their respective family? I was a troublemaker. Exactly. Like, God, you got it on the head. And that's when I quit. I just wrote word out of there on a rage. And you know something, I'm a decent person. I don't need religion at all. You want to do. And I don't. And it's wise I'm concerned in closing. If anybody really believes that crap, just watch channel 45 for all. There you go. Just watch that bad makeup job. My god, the guy who pushes people over makes them fall back. Oh, yeah, right. There are Benny Hinn, Benny Honnick. Right. There's a hysterical. Anyway, the whole thing is, you know, and you can live your life with it. You're really not needed. It is a crush. Just you said it all. And by the way, just enclosing Jesse, forget the presence. I think he should be keen. There you go. Okay. He can be keen on the queen. Not his though. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. That's it. There, that is a door nail. Oh, my god, they got the answers to the creation of the whole universe here today. And nobody wants to talk to us from anywhere. 877, 785, Niel. I really feel sorry for myself. You thought I was going to say for somebody else, didn't you? I feel sorry for me. Because, like I said, for the same money, I consider everything and say these things. You really get a response. But I'll take the money. Thank you. Here's a pop-in-all. Hello. There you go. Yes, sir. At what stage you're alive to do, otherwise you were fudge packing. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. There's a good response for you. 5, I don't fudge packing either by the way. And in around. How about you, sir? My head a researchful friend. That's always that's all response that they can make. Is another attack. Bag it, bag it, my decone. Yeah, and what's the point? So what was that? I've got to do the price of rice. So what's Michael Angelo? That's why he's spent all his time up on the ceiling. It was dangerous down there on the floor. You didn't need a ladder either by the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Niel. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5. See they get very angry. They get upset. They don't have a rational conversation because they can't defend the fairy tales, especially after I read a page of two of the nonsense that silly childish crap, they can't defend it. So attack me. That's it. To you, pal. Pack this. Oh, I do love fudge. Here's North Miami. Hey, Niel. First off, Billy Carter died in 1983 of liver disease. Oh, yeah, I wonder what. He's been in. But he did use to pee up a storm outside. He was like my dogs. He used to at least to pee outside most of the time. That's where that guy who couldn't figure out why his daughter was religious. So religious did she start driving herself to church? Who indoctrinated her to the whole? I don't know. I don't want to go in the whole life story, but I mean, yeah. No, he said he gave her a choice and she did her thing. Well, if they don't have to move close by the church. Right. If all the kids will let not get into religion until they were 18 or 21, there would be no more religion. You got to get them while they're young. That's what Hitler said. I'm out of here. Okay, thank you. That's what Hitler and the Pope will said. Of course, they had a lot in common because we now know, which course we always knew. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T line and that line. I'm not giving that number anymore. That thing. It's a voice to time. Two by New Year last week, George, when we had a couple days of really was really a great sighting. But remember that was like passion to that time for about a day or two. And then the novelty wears off. And the 10 people we got listening to you, right now. They'd called and said their thing. And that's it. So you already get calls from around to the rest of the country. You have to be on the air around the rest of the country. Not on the internet somewhere where people try to get you AWL without getting cut off. And I'm done. Please. No more of that no more computer nerd talk that was like the end of my life there yesterday. Oh, God. No wonder I hate computer nerd so much. But it was a good example when I'm talking about again today. Talk to a whole bunch of different assholes and they all give you different story. Not any two of them tell you the same thing. Here's a mobile and Oakland park. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. What's up with the Church of Jazz over here on the... It's got time. The Church of Jazz in the Kay. Church of Jazz. What is that? It's a song on a private sector. Private sector. What does that mean? Well, we try to encourage our pupils not to really say much attention to your show or we don't tell them not to listen. What is the Church of Jazz? What is this double talk to you, Mr. I was like to tell you. Yeah. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th day. By the way, all your students are listening right now. Hi, don't guys. Let's do Miami Beach, chill out. Yes sir. You're completely about loudest service in Miami. Good. Okay. Well, call up 911. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18th day. Why are those lines? 877, 785, Neil. Even in Palm Beach, they ain't calling on it line today. Even in Fort Myers. We had a couple of calls in Naples. All of a sudden we're getting too many calls from Naples. A few too many. What are where that station signal really goes? You know, they have a signal over there and four. Oh, probably not. Probably seven energy today. They don't want this anti-religion talk on over there in Fort Myers today. They probably shut the amp thing off. They probably put that preacher back on again. Here's a mobile and pepper pine, chill out. Neil. Yes sir. God. Speaking. Okay. There's only two God I know of. You happen to be one. The other one would be damn Reno. And I guess I was raised to Southern Baptist, but it was never pushed on me. I was never forced to go to church. We were in a couple of times when I was a kid on Easter and stuff like that. And now I have my kid to put in a gritty of things on your forehead or not. I guess I'm a cat. We weren't Catholic. No, that's not good. I said my kids do a Christian school. And because the public schools are just forget about it. My kids get a great education. The only part I don't like about it is the religion. I just tell you that's all about your crap. That's all. It's just so happy. The stuff that he has that he brings home. Have he doing it? Absolutely. And memorize. And it's like, you know, even second grade. And he's trying to learn reading writing and arithmetic. And then he's got all this religion right on top of it. You know, and it's, I hate trying to force it on him. And I'm not trying to force it on him. But I just want him to get a good education. And he's not going to get it in a public school. Pretty sad. It's very sad. But anyway, all those people that are believing those fairy tales believe me. If it was true, you'd know it because there's a lot of people playing the God and they're dying just like everybody else. He's just got a hearing problem. He says, you know, when you get that all, I guess so you're hearing gets weak. Yeah. What was that? Listen, have a real idea. Okay. 25 past noon at 5. 60 WQM 5. 6705. 60, 5. 5. 60 on the 18 T line. 877. 785. Neil. Line 9. Everybody else is doing okay today. Line 9. Not that really makes any difference. But I hate to see that thing go to waste. When I screamed in yellow and hollowed so much and I'm praying to keep that bill away up there for them. These cheap bastards. I'm telling you one thing, if there was a hell, I know who's going to be down there. Okay. The one of these reason Greg Reed, they're going to be burning in there. But certain other people in the billion don't want to mention no names. You know, I'm talking about, there'll be some people in this building. Burning in hell. I don't want to mention no names, you know. Make no mistake about that. Oh, wouldn't that be my luck? Wake up and there she is. 26 past noon at 5. 60 WQM. Wake up with the first team. You know, we're going to go wrong. Jeff the farest. And see go see. We're in the morning to check. No, on towards video 5. 60 QAL. There was a war. Not as pedophile. Tencent, 1997. We get it. We get it. We get it. We get it. We get it. We get it. We get it. We get it. Nineteen, 98. March, full. Two, Fremson. The year 2000. You want fries with that? Ha ha ha ha. At three tickets. Yeah. Okay, 30 is 56 WQM. Why do they have to put that thing on me in? It was so good up until that. They could have put something more entertaining like. So anyway, this came over the facts. A couple of parts of this are old and moldy, but it's kind of cute. A new priest at his first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak. After mass he asked him on senior how he had done. He replied, well, I'm worried about getting nervous on the pulpit. I put a glass of vodka next to the glass of water. If I start to get nervous, I take a sip. So next Sunday he took the monsoon use advice. At the beginning of the ceremony got nervous and took a drink. He proceeded to talk up a storm. Upon his return to the office after mass he found the following note on the door. One, sip the vodka, don't gulp. Two, there are ten commandments. Not twelve. Three, there are twelve disciples. Not ten. Four, Jesus was consecrated. Not constipated. Five, Jacob, waitridden is docking. He did not bet his ass. Six, we did not refer to Jesus Christ as the late J.C. That's old. Seven, the Father said in the Holy Ghost and not refer to it as the daddy, Jr. and the Spook. Eight, David's little galayat. He did not kick the S.H.autumn. Nine, when David was hit by a rock and knocked off his dock, he don't say he was thrown off his ass. Ten, we did not refer to the cross as the big T. Eleven, when Jesus broke bread at the last supper he said. Take eat, take eat it for it is my body. He did not say eat me. Twelve, the Virgin Mary is not called Mary with the cherry. Thirteen, the recommended grace before the meal is not rubbed up. Thanks for the grubby I got. And fourteen, next Sunday there will be a tapping pulling contest at St. Peter's, not a Peter pulling contest at St. Taffees. All right, there you go. Apan. Couple loons in there. Couple loons in there. Couple loons in there. Couple 32 at 5.50, 5.60, 5.50, 5.60, 5.60, here's a mobile in four miles. Hello. You know how are you? Okay, sir. Very good. I don't know if you probably talked about it. I was about to go down a pound yesterday. If you spoke about that, don't go yet. Yeah, I mentioned it yesterday. Haven't seen it. Let's see. Have you seen any of Kevin Smith's other movies? No. Okay. Well, I think you enjoyed it. Kind of a fixed one in religion and not too bad. Get down to it. Okay. Thanks. I'm surprised I'll let him in the most shot. I'm going to sit and ask him if you actually saw it in the four miles. You think they're showing it over there? No. Probably had a lot of time to see it. Maybe the big city like maybe Venice. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah. Christian's had about no answers for a Neanderthal man or the dinosaurs and nowhere's arc. If you watch this discovery channel, make sure you have evolution with Neanderthal man, home or erect this and things like that. Home or erect this? Home or erect. Home or erect this? The dinosaurs Christians have no answers for dinosaurs. If all the animals run the octaves, they should be dinosaurs working around. And I think you're really, really hard. About Genesis. The Bible says the earth was made before the sun. I mean the earth was far from the sun. That's impossible. It says all nine minutes impossible. No. No. No. First of all, stop it think about this. Talk about a sexist piece of crap written by men. Okay. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. It says all nine minutes impossible. First of all, stop it think about this. Talk about a sexist piece of crap written by men. May God created man. Okay. How did he make woman out of a rib? Yeah. I always read that. Out of man's rib. In other words, he created man. Like all, all of nothing. Yes. spontaneously. And all of a sudden, well, he's lonely. He's left that woman. So out of his rib. In other words, like an afterthought, like an appendage. Like an appendage. Right. And he also knows the future. You knew they were going to eat the apple before he ate all men. That's right. Because he's so sadistic bastard. Have a great day, Pipe. And I'll take you. Any woman that ate by the way? No. Now, she's willing to want to touch this. Because it's a simple amount of do. A ginger and baker in the Tammy Fay and Paul Crotch. And all those are the people who would have bad makeup and Benny Hanna. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yep. You women out there. God didn't think too much of you guys. Not at all. Just like an afterthought. You know, you've got to have something to screw around with. So, you know, well, grab a rich and their grab a rib. And you don't understand that. He created all the secretures. He created all the life. All of it. He didn't have to do that out of anybody's rib. I'd have a hip bone, a shin bone. All that other good stuff. Yeah. But women, you know, women were like, kind of, eeeeh. Kind of, you know. Ridiculous. I mean, yet just the writings of juvenile silly people. Oh, what about the book says there? Yeah, you don't even read the book. If you read the book, you, I tell you what. They want to get a few good laughs. Read the goddamn book. Yeah. Here's my enemy, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I used to go to church right before my son was born constantly at a weekend. And once he was born, I go to the church and ask him to get baptized my son. Once they found out that I wasn't a pain member. They literally told me, well, first thing is you don't live in our area. You're out. So, so we can't baptize your son. So, you need to find your area and become a pain member. Yeah. And order for us to baptize your son. And give him the buff on Google. Yeah. So, basically, I mean, I thought going to church and, and because the thing is, I, I was thought, I was free. It's supposedly, you're supposed to be free and for everybody. But now it's a church tell you. Yeah, but no one's saying the best things in life that are free, religion cost you. Yeah, definitely. And that's about how we have to say. Okay, good luck to you, pal. Five, six, seven. We got 60 or 70 open lines. You're all of a sudden. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60. And this, all of this questions started with this story and a front page of the paper today, which nobody's got anything to say about. From evidence is found for a faraway planet, 859 trillion miles, 153 light years away from Earth. Six times the size of Jupiter. All those sons up there, all those stars, their sons with their own solar systems are at least most of them. Planets revolving around them. Big ones, small ones. Live ones, dead ones. Where do those come from? Where do they come from? Is there any measure that in the Bible? No, no. You see, they're terrible. I can just be amazing. Who knows if they really found life on the moon or I'm Mars. Who knows? Because I have a feeling that if they do, we'll be the last ones to know. Because it would be bad for business. Real bad. Who kills AFK? Do we know? No. Who killed Bobby Kennedy? No. Heartless or cool? No. No. President Abe Lincoln, anybody know who really killed him? No, not for sure. But you're the play. Here's West Miami, hello. Yeah? Yes, sir. I changed his subject. I'm retired and I've never called. What would he mean? Hate to change his subject. Well, what does that mean? Three weeks ago, I got chosen by Albertron. And I'm an Albertron. Can I talk to you? I can't talk to you about the, uh, Albertron. No. We do love you very much. Well, they didn't have any. For three weeks, I got four, four letters and at least six phone calls on how to, how to do this. Every which way you can think of it. Right. And every letter and every phone call said, look, we're going to take care of you. We, we appreciate you doing this. I thought I was out of these dollars. And you're going to, and you're going to get it. So I kind of got my book in a $1 bill for that. Not $1. Yeah. I thought that was that. Don't spend all in one place. Yeah. And any idiot could tell us things out. I don't know what all these six phone calls are. Well, they got to have something to do justify the resistance. You know, but, uh, adding I, I thought the one dollar was a real, well, I could say we love you profusely, sir, and, uh, pretty well. Well, I would also like you know that I, uh, I feel so much better than I know that my marriage with sex is married. And, you know, there you go. Yeah, it makes me feel proud. I have a great day, pal. Right. There you go. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T line. He's the sexiest man in town. The way you know, when you really come right down to it, like I was saying the other day, this is such an ugly place, you know. In fact, even lately, it's the hockey games I've been noticing. In the last year at the Mac Arena, there were those games when I look around. Hey, look at that no matter what you're looking for, wow, which here is how beat most of those games. But now you look around and, you know, out of like 60, we had 16,000 people are for the Buffalo game. I did it with like, uh, you know, three people in there that you might look at a second time of any, and I'm not sure what they were actually. But pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty. There's just something about this place. Maybe it's in the goddamn water. Uh-huh. That could be it. 22, before one at 560, WQM. No offense, but fall. Sports radio, 560. Q, A, M. I'm sorry, Farn. I'm getting a lubricant for the new millennium. Get Y2, KY jelly. The personal lubricant for home, the car, the both, or the office. Lubricate the appliances. Fikes along, Mohr. The chainsaw. Grandma's wheelchair. I'm falling. The beatie gun. The bow and arrow. Ah! The white arrow for the cast. Why, two KY jelly? A family, a white, two Camer. 17 to one at 560. If there is a god, how come old people smell like that? 560, 70, 560, the out of town line don't give it. Don't waste it. Don't waste it. Everybody else's time. Okay. It's a, it's history. Here's a candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. How about in the beginning of the god? And in the beginning was the word. How about in the beginning was the brain? And then something can about it. Yes. Well, then then a, a, a, a, a pounding, all this to be the. From somebody's road pounding this book and how many. Right. Get a brain. Okay. Get a brain. Get a brain. Get a brain. I couldn't show it to myself. Okay. Thank you. I'll pray for you, too. He then came to think of. Get a brain is what he said. Get a brain. Get a life. Get a brain. Oh. Five. I went by the way. I'm a little bit tired of these goddamn professional. I mean, I got 80 million other things, but I'm so obsessed. And they audience obviously, but I don't care. I don't care. I just don't care because I think it's tremendously important. I mean, you know, it's science. It's like the truth. Not a bunch of fairy tales. Where's that thing about the smoking bitch? I am so sick and tired of these militant. You see, I hate to break the news to you people. But on the side of the pack of cigarettes for like the last 20 years, maybe 30 years now, it's got like a skull and crossbow and it says, this is going to kid you. If you smoke at the, you know, tough crap. Everybody's suing everybody else. Did I lose that goddamn thing? I got to hear somewhere in the middle of this pile of crap. Oh, here it is. Twin, big tobacco hook sister. The twin sister of a highly publicized smoking man is landmark tobacco trial, accusing the city Monday of knowingly hooking Mary Farnan on cigarettes and causing her lung cancer. Oh, it's your products that put her in a hospital as far as I'm concerned. A testy, celestial Stephen 44 told RJ Reynolds attorney Jim Johnson on Cross-Examination. And that addiction. Well, guess what, sweetheart, I'm addicted to sugar too and it's giving me diabetes and I'm fat and high blood pressure and all of these things. Am I suing anybody? Oh, good idea though. Good to name her attorney. Oh, seriously, this is another part of what's sick with America and part of this business about nobody taking responsibility for their own actions, their own weaknesses, their own behavior. Nobody wants to take responsibility for whether it's killing somebody else or smoking on those faggot. Is this new news? Is this something new? Is this cigarette you're going to even? How many years ago did a hungry boger? How many years ago did he die with a faggot on his lips? There's nothing new here. You pick your own poisons. You eat a lot of the wrong foods. It's going to kill you. You smoke too many cigarettes. It's going to kill you. Are you going to breathe too much of the wrong air? It's going to kill you. You drink some of the real bad water? It's going to kill you. So the bottom line is someday you're going to die. By the way, though, I have good news. I should have brought this up earlier. They'd like this. They'd like for a week. They'd like false hope because they're terrified of death. I don't know. How can anybody be terrified of death and then they live here? I don't understand it. I mean, you're right in the heart of it. You're in the cradle of death. Can't you smell it? Oh my God. Live to be 125 years old. I received this on the fax machine this morning. Yeah. I took one look at this and I thought. These Chicago based nonprofit organization, the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine, A4M. What is that mean, A4? reported today that it's not possible for many women born in the 1950s to expect to live to the right pole age of 125 years. Oh, right. There you go. A4M was founded by Dr. Ronald Klatz in 1993. The Society's membership includes over 7,500 forward-looking physicians, scientists, and researchers from around the world, as opposed to backward-looking, which most of them are. They're all dedicated to belief that the process of physical aging in humans can be slow, stop their even reversed, or resistive medical and scientific interventions. A4M can clearly demonstrate through the advances in medicine, medical technologies, vast-ular biology, and the mechanics of gene therapy that the average man or woman have given the opportunity to take advantage of this existing science could easily expect to see their 125 birthday and still be reasonably good-help to enjoy it. You like that? 44-year-old Ron Klatz, MD president of A4M, where himself respects easily the season on 125 birthday, stated it's not just about taking vitamins. If you look back over the past 60 years, when life expectancy was hardly more than 650 years of age, no one had any idea what makes it for about advances in clinical treatments in medicine. There was a time not too long ago when your heart stopped, all doctors could do was watch you die. Thanks to the intervention of the defibrillator, people are brought back to life nearly every minute of every day. Just look at this now. Oh, we got people that have been dead for years. They're still walking around and driving. He went on to say future advances will come exponentially. Statistically, his interference are now the fastest growing seven of the US population. And it's demonstrated that this is a result of clinical science that's just a swing in population growth. They're not just swinging it. Let's have a swing club for all of our, quote and position member A4M, our caddy, uh, some horrible name, Colton, MD, living forever gets a bad rap from those documents that it's possible. The reality is most people are not comfortable when they see older Americans, and nursing homes with drool on their chin. With drool on their chin. Ehh! But it comes to life. Most people are more afraid of getting old and sickly than they are of dying. Is that correct? Uh-huh. Your American Academy of Anti-Asian Medicine is dedicated to the goal of disseminating information allowing individuals to make more informed choices and have a better understanding of what is currently available in the field of science that can extend your life expectancy. I think this must be kind of that wishful thinking foundation. Once you think they're probably like, uh, correlated to, yeah, like that life extension foundation in Hollywood, you know those that crowd? Oh my, there's guys in that thing. They're like 35, like, worse than Grandpa in their country times, but they look 120. So maybe that's why they think they're going to look down to 125. They want to make it like 45, but they think they're 125 because they look like that. God, you look like a hundred. So there you go, boys and girls, 125. Those sweat. Here's a mobile and corals spring. So, uh, they're a little neal. Yes, sir. God, listening to you. Yeah. Somebody's hired somebody to skywrite. God equals love and a smiley face in the sky, over coral spring. Right as we speak. All right. Thought it was a funny, a sad thing I ever saw. Excellent. You're talking about this. I looked up and here comes GOD across this guy. All right. There you go. All right. Leave it to us. No, sir. Thank you. Leave it to me to put God right in front of your post. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the eight. That's the response. We're fine and planet. There's little green men running around on there. Midgets big gigantic helimontus. All kinds of crap running around on his big gigantic planet out there. 859 trillion miles away and they'll be here. Am I taking them a while, but they'll be here someday. And if you love to 125, you might just see it. Won't you? No. Sounds pretty good to me. So by the way, if you love to 125, 57, 43, 26, 28. I'm just trying to move 50 year contract. So here's four modern day. Hello. Good afternoon, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. I have a question for you that the Egypt Air tragedy. Yes. It was an Egyptian airline over international waters. Why are our tax dollars paying for the investigation? Is that what you're worried about? I'm not worried about it, but it's another waste by our government. Okay. Thanks. See what I mean? He's worried about the fact that our government is spending money for the investigation of the airline. Airliner. I have no idea, but I'm sure that there must be international agreements about how that works. Or there's some Americans on the planet. There's many. And Canadians. And Canadians, too. Well, he doesn't care about that. He just doesn't want to spend the money. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T line, 87. The out of town line. We're going to forget about that. Thanks, anybody. Greg, it's a piece of crap. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Yes, sir. All right. Got a piece of static. I didn't see the article in the paper, but I'll give you yet about the planet. Yeah. But on PBS, the last couple nights, they've been running a show about life in the universe. I forget what it's called. But they were talking about that planet. Now, they just discovered a planet around the sun that's the right distance for the life. And they're talking about all the people who are saying men are more than communicating with them. They're talking about everything so far away that by the time another civilization is smart enough to take up our signal, we might be extinct. We might be extinct based on what? Face time. They're going to come and have a big report. No, no, it's basically only last so long. Of course, of course, the main kind will become extinct. There's no question about that. Well, that's a given. There's no question about that. Right. It was also debunks to Bible because the Bible doesn't say anything about what's going to happen after that. Right. Well, what they're saying is if we sign up signals, it might take a million years. Yeah. That's pick it up. And we'll be gone. And we won't know if they pick it up. Or they might say, why should we worry about that then? I mean, what's the point? Isn't every post-ealy? Well, they also said that we never send out signals for fear of superior alien race coming and finding us in white. How? Yeah, I'm sending out a signal. You can hear that. Out there, 859 trillion miles a week. Here's the number to call. I'm giving those shots. Yeah. But this shows these people with religion. They're so far. I don't know. John, they're just not gone. You're right. It's just gone. It's turned to Jello. It's turned to Ready-Wip and their brain is gone. It's just way. They have no control of our own thought process. The best case, though, is my sister-in-law. It's die-hard in the religion. And I said that they're going hard. There's no death there. There's no God in this and that. We're going to go for things. But I'm doing fine. I'm doing fine. And she's been in jail twice. There you go. I'm free at three times. I'm not going to work my face. I'm the fourth thing you're doesn't believe in God. Well, I'll pray for your pal. Have a great day. Why not to back-we'll play to take responsibility here from the Harold Saturday. Speak up. Somebody factors me a letter from Dean Wagner in Miami. The headline over the picture of the tobacco plane of giving the thumbs up in the July 8th, Harold easily could have read new lottery winners. Taking responsibility for one's choices is not existing in this country. People just sue and the bigger the target the better. Nice going, Dean, in Miami. In all the years the tobacco plane of smoke today ever think it was good for their healthy acts. I think not. People who smoke know their risks to claim otherwise is ludicrous. For some the player of smoking is an accepted health risk just to skydiving, drinking alcohol, eating fatty foods or crossing a street. People sueing big blank fill in the name whoever it is big tobacco big whatever should be ashamed of their lack of responsibility. But then big industry is the new cash cow and suing it for self-inflicted injury has been legitimized by greed and big law. What next? The class action suit against big butter for plugging the arteries of Americans? How about big sugar for crossing diabetes and writing the teeth of the public, which I just said, well, name it to go. Go and Dean Wagner in Miami. What time is your show on? He says Americans could use a refresher course on living from Europeans where the quality of life however personally defined outweighs the quantity of life. Oh my god, how do you like this? This is one of the great. Thank you whoever factors to me by the way. If one is unwilling to accept their health risk of smoking, drinking alcohol, eating fatty foods and sweets, driving and car and other potentially dangerous activities, then simply don't partake otherwise accept the risk like an adult and please stop whining. Oh, I'm scared. Let's have a sitting ovation for Dean Wagner in the Miami. I'm saving this letter. I'm putting this right up on a guy that bulletin more back here. Americans could use a refresher course on living from Europeans where the quality of life however personally defined outweighs the quantity of life. Oh god, this is good. Makes me just ache for the moment that my footsteps off that plane into skip all airport. Makes me just die in for it. God bless Dean Wagner in the, whatever you magnify, 357 magnify in the Miami. Whatever's God damn name is, it's a bad fact. Wow. Just to show you once in a while when you at least expect it somebody with a brain actually writes a letter to the editor that makes sense. Just like the Michael Mayo piece in terms of the came right from this show. You know what I'm saying? Thank you Dean. Wow. Four minutes before one at five, 60 WQAM. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560.ash as a Lion Dean Ware clean elephant Andy I let the sun spread short so full, I thought it'd be It's so narrow to see, I don't care I don't care Outside of school, it's just me The flower just boring It's all the parking lot Early birds And those parts of the city They really mean that I don't care I don't care Whatever happens, to all the cooking We do have Nobody is a trap In this straw, by the map of It's the land of the great dead So I prefer to slash my balls and say I don't care It's pain I'm a plant at school I don't care I can tell, two minutes after what at 560 WCM, I got tank over, show from cool city At 2 we got the booster at 6 I had capital to gambling show 10 o'clock tonight From evidence is found on Surrey 560, 560, 560 It's in one o'clock, okay, it's now our fourth and final hour of the day Because we had one call from like any believer that can Other than what attacked me, that can explain this to us We'll listen What are these other planets doing out there? What's all this crap going out way out there? A big engine and trillions of miles away And how come I've been saying anything about it in the good book? That's all, these are very legitimate simple questions Don't you think? Oh yeah So where's the answers? Just like that guy said before Don't make trouble, don't ask questions Sorry Here's Pepper Pines, hello Pepper Pines Go on, okay, let's try my me lake, Selo Hello Yes sir I wanted to discuss the religious debate Religious debate? Yeah Yes sir What is the obsession with trying to tear down the whole Catholic church? Catholic Church is that the only religion? Well, I'm just saying this Christianity in general What about Judaism? What about the guy who never heard anything? Oh, you're a ridiculous book I just read from was the book of Genesis which is the first book, the five books of Moses, it's from the Old Testament That's the Jewish religion Right And you never hear me talking about the house-eating, throwing rocks at the women who are praying at the wailing wall But this is a constant barrage though It's it's day after day Well, it is not day after day, I don't talk about religion day after day How does a rabbi ever rape the child or anything like that? Yes Why do we never talk about it? How often do you think that happens? It's really religious, yeah I hate to break the news, you sir But most rabbis are married Right But the most of us and the most rabbis are married Most ministers are married too But priest of course in the cat-lectured aren't permitted to marry They're supposed to be celibate The idea being that sex is somehow unclean or evil And therefore, if there's celibate, they're holy of everybody I agree, of course It's ludicrous, it's unnatural, it's unacceptable And it doesn't happen But at the same time Why do you as a Jewish person? What's it there in constantly? I'm not Jewish, I'm Jewish by birth I don't believe in the Jewish religion But whatever it does, it makes what kind of deliai eat But why can't you let everybody else have freedom He talks about that? Are you a human? I believe whatever you want I'm not the one that prevents people from letting you freedom You're the ones that are always trying to oppose it on the rest of us It's not the unnotaristic person I'm not a religious person at all I'm talking about it I'm a fan of that you With sit there and try to tear down an institution That you're not a part of And you have no intention And in other words, if I don't want to be How about the Nazi party? In other words, if I say something bad about that I shouldn't do it because I'm not a member No, I'm not saying that at all That's what you just said I'm sitting here trying to tear down an institution I'm not a communist party I'm not a member of that Should I say it's their great? Right, but the Catholic Church There's a lot of good for a lot of people I asked you a question Why are you so defensive about if you're not a member of it? I'm not defensive I'm not the crusades Did that do a lot of good for a lot of people? It was a lot of I'm not the Spanish it was It wasn't ignorant It was murder It was slaughter Of innocent men and women and little children Agreed and that's happened throughout the fighting It's continuing to happen today Then why are you so upset that If somebody talking about it? I'm not afraid I don't want to talk about it Why is it okay for the religious nuts to get on TV 24 hours a day Raising money under foreign tax fee phony purposes and pre-tags How about that? Okay, why don't you call them up and grab bitch them out? I agree that's not the That's not a good solution either But what I'm saying is that it's not a good solution It's not a solution it's a business Well, it's a business I don't you understand there's no doubt It's a big fat phony fraudulent business In most of them are phony and most of them collect But what do you mean most of them? What's the exception? Which is the real religion? That's not a business Religion is somebody else is somebody's opinion On what they think is right Which one is not a business? They're all a business Okay, thank you But religion itself Is an institution that shouldn't be said there And you should allow people to think what they want to think No, no, that's not the purpose of the program The purpose of the program is to express my opinion Not to let people just sit back and go Is it borderline brainwashing when it's a cause? If that's borderline anything I'm expressing my opinion if you want to believe it fine If not that's how I'm asking people who believe differently Just like you to call this press there And you're not telling me anything Are you doing again as criticizing me? I'm telling you what I should say Sir institute has nothing to do with religion And they don't help people it's a clutch for weak people And they steal their money What other rods are you putting in they rob their brains? They take away their brain What other clutch would you want them to use? People don't need a clutch If people are, yeah people are brought up intelligently And honestly they don't need a clutch Well that's not the situation If it was a... How do you know it's not the situation? Well if you want like people that are going through alcoholism or drug abuse and they go through the 12th step For a wrong mind How are you, are you a member of that? I am certainly not a member of that But I'm saying there's a value Yeah people that are checking for people that do that And that's what gives them support And give them a clean, clean, clean Only clutch but if it works for them more power But if not a perfect world that's the way the world is So that people will be because all of religious Not so busy running around Persicuting and killing people That don't agree with their bookcraft I would show like you show me one part of the world Or that isn't going on I would like for you personally I'd like you to answer my question It's happening everywhere But I would like you to see a little bit more emphasis on Judaism As opposed to creating it Now you're telling me what percentage of the show I'm going to have to talk about Judaism to satisfy you Okay, tell me what time your show is on, okay He'd like to see a better percentage Then it would pacify him Because he's not satisfied I'm not picking on a Jews Sir, let me just tell you this One good thing I'll say about the Jews Is at least they're not running around trying to convert everybody else That's what besides the good food That's one good thing I can say about Judaism And that's one of the reason that there's so few Jews in the world today Because they're not encouraging their people to have like 10 and 50 Except for the earth at oxyore, a very small handful Thank God They're not encouraging their people to overpopulate the world like the Catholic Church Oh, there he goes again Maybe they should get on some other night Not recognizing live and let live baby That's where it's at You can be as Jewish as I am Without buying an any of the religious bullcraft How do you like that sir? But he wants to hear more attacks on Judaism We're making happy The answer is no Only the Orthodox only the people who are intolerant and grow test And smell bad With the peace and the long the of coats See now is a good time to bring out the you get the payers going in the long coats in the head Because it's gonna start cool and off a little bit Especially in Brooklyn where the Orthodox and the elicero de laxa busy hate in each other like poison And the Orthodox are thrown bers through their windows Because they're driving on Saturday on Travis All but I never hear you saying that I say at all the times sir just not enough to make you happy But I read the papers everybody if there there were average stories on the year about rabbis who were convicted of uh Sub rape whatever it is and it sent him to me. I'll read him on the year You would that thing about the acidic drug green that's right, but you know something they after day after day I don't write your newspaper sir. I don't make these things up They just pop up on associate of press upi voters Hero New York papers every paper in the world. There they are There's no fact in the church So again you want to blame me for creating a situation that that's a goddamn closet And believe me. I know all about homo's man takes one to no one. I know all about that. It's a closet For pedophiles and other homos. That's what the Catholic. That's what the priest is all about And talk about hypocrisy I know that if I'm like your ordinary heterosexual guy I'm gonna go to some fag and get advice from him about my sex life and about my my my my marital life Yeah from some queens there's no fact in the church Who's sitting there thumping on the other side of the goddamn confessional boot While he's listening to you know the 16 year old and the 14 year old the 10 year old and there were stories of it Yeah, if he touched it and was a good and the etc How off and how of course how often and Don't forget Hard how hard 10 past one at five sixty w q a I just built in for The other w q a m dot com for all the latest dolphins information at your kids when great times playing beat the broadcast Fort radio five sixty w q a m Here you go Watching all the juts walking The This guy's like the CRTC the Canadian radio and TV. It's their counterpart of the FCC and the control how much Canadian content is gonna be like on the music stations and the other programs This guy is not a control the amount of religious content Who can yield bags? It's got to be like 30% this one and 20% that one and five percent the Catholic Church Hold your breath pal And look what just happened there we had like every line of the board lid up over one of the break on all of a sudden Not too widely motivated I guess 560 no waiting lots open lines now 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's plantation hello hey, pali yes, sir all right two things number One Governor Bush was over in Israel and all three theaters a picture of him I could swear to God had too much money looks Concipated All the good good for him Sir, I'm right. Yeah, I was looking for the burning bush Yeah, listen this pokey man saying I got little kids I've been to several of these Burger King steak houses around here the routed the toys my kids are freaking out I come home my wife is like what's else going on? I can't have sex tonight because the kids are freaking out. Oh, go buy them a cabbage patch. Don't tell them to grow up Oh, well, there you go, okay He's worried about the pokey man the bookey man 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line here's a mobile in the West Palm Beach, hello Yeah, oh, yes, sir. Are you doing okay? You see the episode last week on day line or something about that your whole witnesses? No, you know what they believe in Do I know what they believe in well? I mean the woman got hit by a car guy was drunk Right, and he was out on probation shouldn't have been derived in blah blah blah I belong to the right no transfusions I'm a dad you died. I went to a school. I went to high school with the girl who is a kid Joe was when this and if father had some kind of like whatever was and he died They come very lucky. Oh, like I hit cold or something He's a fifth year and they get the nerve to say well, I miss her and what blah blah They wanted to just go on trial for murder when he should go and save by a child and not only that, but they do you know They do this stuff to their to their kids and it's parental its child abuse I know they don't talk about Jewish people to tell them kosher meets hard to beat don't cock Oh, it's like it. I'm back to it. Yeah, quick picking on a jeweler right okay We've been picked on enough, but now it's your turn. You don't like it do you pal huh? Huh, oh, you do he likes it and in addition, which I thought that guy was saying he you know This how they all say oh, I'm not this and I'm not bad, but But quick picking on us. I mean quick picking on them 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 87775 6345 on our worldwide which is a pretty mediocre today. This is the weakest day we've had on that thing probably because they don't want to deal with this too bad. I do I do when I will Just like 98 degrees says I do and I will When I'm good and ready here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Hey Neil. I do okay sir I'm Jewish by for the post-born and raised in Israel and I gotta tell you that The right way is the biggest punch of crap Did I ever encounter that exactly grew up there It's it's it's a huge running post-idential and and Every religion is is a bunch of cowardly people that don't have any explanation and just shrunk away Something they're all waiting for today. There's not one person in four hours. It's had one answer about this about the thing I brought up about the planet that they found and make the solution now one person can explain it has any ideas about it Just don't confuse this with this because it flies in the face of all the fairy tales that we've been brainwashed with and you're confusing us We're getting very upset about it. They wouldn't and I'll tell you why I just heard a book about the Greeks and one of the great people said Long long time ago a genius was the man who created God from his heart The Greek Lord long before we did this really to us a bunch of crap Of course and I don't know if they wouldn't conquer their faith because they don't have any rational explanation I don't only want to call the ones who want to attack me or tell me how can ask me how come I'm not talking so much about this and that why don't they just respond to what I asked them to this article I And then I'll put it in the description. We added that and discovered this planet. It's right on the front page of the guy damn hero that must be true It's not on the front sentence. Oh, no, well, they're there afraid they're a terrified not in there But I didn't get to hear all this worth of 35 cents and then you have that guy calling you and telling you should About 40% Jews and that's when he didn't know yeah 10% more men's a 5% Christian scientists 2% Scientologists What a bunch of crap I So I came here. I've been listening to you Neil and and you write on the money all the time As confusion said a hubmonds were it have a great day Five six and we got fifth it what happened here all of a sudden right before that break something Messiding must be going on summer is a jam roll. Oh, is it the two lives you? No, what is it? It's something you're killing in here and down? No, must be something going on all of a sudden they just vanished See this is very sad every single day but like I said what's the day today the 16? Well, and after my vacation when I come back there'll be a big very fat paycheck waiting for me And then another one not very far along after I come back It could be so much more rewarding if the people here had something to say about anything if that's something to say And you watch when the sports yours come on the phones there smoking do they have any as many people listen? No, it's the same 200 people of course morning noon and night. No, no But they're a pappa pappa pappa kimi they're silly bappa pappa and Danny pappa pappa pappa And her cool and pappa pappa pappa as if those things are important And those people make you want to sit and cry they make me want to cry Here's a mobile an opalaka hello Oh, no, yes, sir. Hey, how you doing great. I love that you put that Jewating bastard in this place I don't know that he's a Jewating bastard, but he's just trying to suggest it because I'm Jewish Therefore, I shouldn't talk about other religions. I'm on an equal opportunity bachelor when it comes to religions here They're awful a craft there is the only thing is some are more benign some are more malignant And then one of these is and the one that he's defending the Catholic Church throughout history has been the most malignant of them all There's nobody even there's no contest no or contendery as they say in Rome now in that regard with And with a regrettative Catholic church I'm in real estate and I was looking at some real estate dammer act I was on by I was owned by the arch die of season Miami right So I call them up to see if they want to sell the fitting I couldn't get anybody other than a secretary to phone There weren't put me in touch with anybody who knows anything about the property So I do some further investigation Turns out that the arch die of season Miami is hoarding real estate all over date barred in convict County All right, they got millions and millions of dollars in real estate And they keep passing the basket around it mass asking for more money. Yeah, I'm looking at the fight the lawsuits of all the Pedophile priest you know because they're can't the insurance has been canceled so they got to have the money to fight the alossus And the same vein I got my in laws are into cabala I don't know if you know too much about cabala no But they're bleeding them dry I have money. I know a lot about Bucklebabo you got to make a donation for everything Crossing the place you got to make a donation So how can you do business without donation you got to have money to do business man? stealing money left and right stealing money from the public you got a pal that's a dollar bill about stealing money from brainwash Stupid terrified people and God bless you And I'll pray for it. That's right. Let me put your hand here you go. That's what Benny hinder He puts his hands not on your head not on your shoulders in your pocket. That's what he's saying $50,000 whatever you got. I'll take it And then people like that asshole Larry King keeps putting them on their over and over again these same Fakers that that's his new deal now, okay? That's his new deal keeps putting every goddamn fake around here a Benny hen and Jerry follow Airbie goddamn fake red ever came down to play. I know how to do a talk shit. Yeah, right when you're gonna start When you're gonna stop tossing the marshmallows you asshole with suspend is on airs Did you wish guy for you Larry's singular by the way? That should make the guy happy Always live the rip and Larry and rightfully so here's homestead hello Yeah, what is it? Yeah, yes The Sevito yeah Yeah, they knew Vito Corleoni No, you're close As Vito don't worry. Okay, speak to me Vito I listen I have a couple of levels said I know you're very intelligent man. I want to speak to you about something I said about why well my son was down on a marata a couple of weeks ago a restaurant was wife and it's my doll baby You know, yeah, I see Larry you listen to this show today. Yes. I listen every day. Okay, all right just curious because I know every day Is this an 18 do we're talking about today? Yeah, basically does because you know my son wanted to Nens room and he got squirted with water. You got squirted in the men's room right as he walked in the yard All was coming water was pouring out of there. We're didn't amend room. Oh, but I was water. Okay. I see walks out Exeter of manager assistant comes over manager comes running out Says to my son. I think the name he was holy water. Maybe that's why Well, I don't think so Everybody will load your dad. I guess what is it have to do with what we're talking about? All right, well The manager says what I son What did you do to my bathroom? You have some spec? Yeah, yeah, and with that my sister I'm not gonna pay for my meal. I'm gonna leave It's not on the call the police you broke my bathroom really. Let me say I look I'll pay for my meal. I'm leaving And he says no so you go get some of this car. They go down the road Trooper picks him up down the road. They bring him back. Yeah, all right. What do you do in the bathroom? He didn't do a thing. Oh, a bottle. Okay. He gets arrested For what? Disorderly conduct For escorting in the bathroom? No for cursing at the manager. You had a witness 40 feet away. Oh, Well, what does that mean? The sirlachyna. He can't curse at the manager. No, you can't a law's that. Oh, Plus, Neil, they put it in the newspaper. Am I son works and I'm a rodent? It put everything in the newspaper That doesn't it off the war man went berserk in a restaurant sounds like a good lawsuit to me Oh, it's a beautiful one. Wait. Good luck. You're very. Thanks, all right, Neil. I love you show. Tell me 20% Hey, I've said you want Neil. Make him an offer. He can't refuse. That's all we don't need. I'm in a limousine business. All right. There you go. All right. Okay. Okay, here's video that the kiss like right on the lips. Oh, yeah, you know what that means. Like when you know Michael kissed Fredo right on the lips Yep. Oh, yeah, Superman. Yeah, Superman. Oh, that's he Superman was everybody's downfall even Chris Reeve Bud Codger George Reeves everybody that was involved with Superman, but I think Who was it that used to bring them there all the time? What was the guy's name? Oh Green no more green. Oh, we wouldn't go to these plays. No, what was it name? Trevor's only no no come on used to bring me here all the time. Don't you yeah? Well, what's his name? Not having a rodents friend. Oh, his friend his pie's on his buddy. Yeah, he used to bring me here all the time It'll tell you now You're smoking that was that North Carolina. So you don't think too much got by this stuff and all right Re- Oh, and to out close up there went and down empty it out That's what I did Sebo John Eola John Eola He knows all these plays about the fact that I'm going to go on a Superman. He's a little bit hungry. I think what is hung almost like Jason Taylor Let me tell you again by the way Casey Mr. Firstman of the show today Joe was told me that Jason Taylor is hung like a moves And it's got the largest penis on the dolphin team for all these sports people sports intensive Yeah, Joe was over there checking them all out 26 after one at five 60 WQM I Love 6 Played for basketball Coach of love build Yeah, we need him that they he's gonna win the race People of him cause he is the doctor Did I mention that he is the doctor Oh He played for the day He doesn't promise Yeah, we love him cause he is now Not alcohol Not alcohol Not alcohol yeah, he's not alcohol I 1.32 at 5.60 WQM. I'm sure his boring has a thick tongue, you know, he just kind of like yeah But anyway 5.6.7.05.60 I say but anyway, oh, I'm in trouble now. I say that did I say that Anyway, that was don't forget ankle be a cool city at two Vos de Red 6 and capital with a gambling show attend for the real chronic shot there who need GA badly turned into the Lord turn those 18 steps Here's a mobile in North by me beach hello Anyhow how are you the 18 steps they know are the steps to the window yes, sir I just wanted to agree with you. You know I happen to have been going to wish but I think Reload is a crock of you know what crap It's a juggle it's for the week it's for the followers it's for nobody with a mind The other thing I want to know if you have us yeah, right? I wanted to tell you about the planet I believe that planets I happen to be a hobbyist in this And I believe that there are planets teaming throughout the universe with life throughout the universe it only makes sense Like I said we're like a little tiny ant that just crawled out of the ant hole and we're looking around and we think we know something and we know nothing You know nothing we know not only know nothing Our brains are so limited in the You know and what we can think and how we can compute look at where we've come in a hundred years from flying in airplane Where we are now to imagine another civilization with a hundred thousand years More advanced you know with the same intellect that we have I think it's hard to take Exactly Well it is but but then you know there anybody who believes that there's not life teaming throughout the universe is an Embassy Absolutely got to be stupidity and living in a vacuum Absolutely, I've less you sir Take care of me. Okay, I'll pray for you deeply and Devile I'm gonna rub my bead several times if Frado But I just rub those rosary beads a few more times right Frado Ah Frado Thank you What do we got there anything good from Carlos who came floating in on there? What is that this is all of this look at that envelope there? How were they sure and What is it? You'll know what I give to him I'm the crazy person. Oh, no the crazy person. No, please let's have that Let's take a call from store hello Yes, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it's nice to know about Jason Taylor You know he graduated from acting you that same school there There you go, and he's well, they know that rubber nuts rubber capital the world man He needs a big rubber up there for me. Yeah, I'm not the working in the entire industry right anyway Danny Hen my wife actually went to a museum in Orlando. Did you know what did you know he's what? Is it his churches in Orlando? All right good. Yeah, it's close by let's keep her close by my wife had cancer and Three weeks before she died he laid hands on her. No, that probably put her over the edge Popping She doesn't do anything but But you know as far as the Bible is concerned you need not go on your further than Genesis It's like the second verse or so when it says that God created the earth and everything upon it and then the next You versus down it says and then he created the sun the moon and the stars I mean it's a big contradiction I'm obviously the earth Obviously the stars and and the rest of the universe were much older and they were here long before the earth And so that's where I stop because I say well, this is a bunch of nonsense, so why continue on? And then if I could just get everybody to pick up their Bible, which they're all talking about the good book But very very few of them have ever read it It's definitely going to go to church in synagogue and they give them a selected passages selected piety If they were just read the first year for pages they take oh my god, this is this is for little kids and they put it away and go I have people live with a 700 years old and and then their you know Jesus had born from a virgin and watered a wine And it just goes on and on and it's just I'm mentioning all the great diseases that God let's just get to yeah This loving God the events all living things you must have created all these viruses and germs and and he keeps doing it two by the way Yeah, exactly God that's why there's pressure and just to these everything all right You know God bless you sir, it's about it. Thank you God for us. There you go God is a sadistic prick how do you like that? Oh, he didn't say that today. I did true He's a real mother 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 877 what's that number for America for Chicago at Detroit and Boston and it's pretty Michigan and Calamazoo And it's a good New York that we had a call from today. See very first call I thought boy, I think it's gonna be smoking they was it smoking no And of course in the four miners are putting our signals for a filter that they make sure they can't hear too much of this because they really just not run that whole town over it The whole West Coast the whole West Coast the Florida baby talk about the Bible belt Hallelujah They're all of their craggy and they love the Lord on the West Coast Here's a mobile and pop at OB chillin Okay, and I talk to you too Here's a four-lotter day out four-pair. Shall I? Fort something, yes, sir. Yeah, I have a couple things to say. Yes, sir. First of all, Benny Han is a big fat loser And he's not a fat sir. Actually actually it's not a loser. He's making a fortune off some people I know that's what I'll say. I was thinking about getting into that profession For example And I'm a few bucks and they go take an a dive and you know making a fortune This is true and anybody who doesn't believe the With the or who believes the weird only living beings in this vast universe of ours is I think an either a A-gler person even asshole right couldn't have said a better myself All right, how about that God just thought how about it? I love it me too All right, they found It I didn't say I was gonna play it. He said how about it. I love it. That's all I said I'm gonna play it on a ton I'll play a little bit of it to make the field Just a few seconds okay everybody light up now anybody was against marijuana's the time it is We don't intermater in the town of being Take out the best of that you ever All right, I said we don't have time right now 22 me for what we don't but I played a little bit just enough time for him to light up and get all four peers Somebody up there for a peer skit that guy think he's got like a little pin joint That's probably a few good joints up there Four peers who that's a scary place by the way talking about the west coast. Oh four peers rural beach Real scary Hmm The wear of exploding balls so how gay do you want to look today pretty gay like Sleeping gravy gay or just baby gay no like a real again great We are a child dating you want to look today come to gay cuts and we'll give you the perfect hairdo to suit your alternative style You with a tarshi beans looks thing or the two layers thing around the back no matter how gay you are Gay cuts can fit your style and don't forget to ask about our new special pickups too From backshaving to crash shavings gay cuts will do it all. Yeah, the fast just hates my area If you could do something about that we both do really Just bend over and say Leave for me. You can't cut how gay do you want to look today 16 till two by the way we want to dedicate that the clearance our assistant PD who got on your stand to the grapevine a very Faggy haircut today kind of the glues McGill or Roman. Oh God Why why do you guys like that? Maybe he's looking for a date Anyway, let's do Miami. Hello Miami. Hi, how you doing? Neil? Yes, sir. Are you man? It's cool. Oh I beg your pardon cool. Oh, okay? Yeah, because I got the swimming pool. Yeah I listen I really didn't want to talk about it. Yeah, I was not only were the point yes Station tailor's been a foot what I'm talking about the do that that you know surrounds us here financially The one did you? You know surround us financially that surrounds you if I what does that mean? You know what today is Today's the 16th day, you know the they met today. Who's day? Well the federal Well did you Alan Greenspan right that's around you right so I figured that you know you know you're always up to the moment Yeah, and I wonder what they did today Well, let me take a look. Let me take a peek you can tell by whether the arrow is up or down You're in a commercial break on power lunch. Well, I'll keep watching okay and say how do that you with a big nose Okay, good out here Do you know what you saying all you need is a system? All right come on get this spot By the way, you know this how Ted David don't call us anymore. Yeah, he don't call anymore. I told you since he found I had that on health stock That's okay Ted you're becoming very chronic anyway get back to work and get things straight now. Okay. We got the y2 gate worry about That's right stroke a midnight December 31. It's gonna be y2 gate everybody's gonna turn gay See if I don't watch who's grabbing you and we're grabbing back Come on let's get this damn thing over when here already for a omega research which we don't care about We want to see why don't they leave the thing on at least in between the you don't understand on the bottom of the screen You got some goddamn frickin herb. I may have to turn on see a CNN I'm gonna have to do it cuz the NBC just to want to give me what I want it all the dous up 82 points. What does that taste? Oh, of course. I don't know if they had the announcement yet Trial date set for a ledgerox come and alleged gerox coming everybody's always alleged the alleged murder rate off Hitler Yeah alleged That was a 84 okay. Let's go back to just one moment bear with me. Okay. No. It's very boring if you're slipper and I know stock like George Let's see here we go power lunch stop man. Oh the next X up 37 joined us live from lost wages with I've got a good time I'm having a good time so far bill, but I don't think there's anything is important As golfing and work is the mod if Edda's season ain't coming out for a half hour yet. Okay. Thank They put that up there and said look, oh, he's got biggest having a good time. Yeah, they must have they must have What they're getting ready for cuz the market's off to a good start. I'm telling you one thing if they don't raise the rate It's gonna go through the roof So tell I know you would have been knows like the guy said because the crap, okay everything's going just fine Oh my god a leading hialia No, yes, yeah Yeah, I'm gonna do that talk to you about the anthropologist and their studies And the matter how I'm skill isolated to try this It's always a spiritual belief going on Don't you think it's innate in man? No, no, I don't Not innate you don't forget proven by no all of this studies have done No, I don't think it's innate. I think it's just like a tradition like our custom like you know cutting your hair too short Or too long now my series. Yeah, I'm all right How much is it cost me to join first of all? Okay, good But it's a part of the nature that are so immense and overpowering it They want some belief system to protect them Protect them for what protect them from all the forces of nature So they look at it Just get in touch with nature like they respect nature and appreciate nature and work with nature Part of that a destroying nature Like and very much so yeah This is my theory is to why every tribe I know that I know it's scary and has a spiritual voice But nature well maybe because we just all very primitive and very ignores that possible to that be it that could be it Well, yeah, I get that feeling that's when people are on street below the name to take the week I mean if you listen to the show everyday I feel like some of your show So I already know the answer a lot of dumb people out there a lot of week dumb Tried you can have a great day and I'll pray for you Okay, need a cool magnet name. We're praying for you and Superman Speaking of kryptonite, maybe that's what that planet is maybe it's kryptonite I love there. I have 512 in whatever that is 830 to 9 trillion miles away. It must be krypton Oh, I bet you I bet you Marlon Brando's out there waiting for a guy there. What's his name to come back? Who's the guy that did really very ugly and looks really good on the Superman the what's it then? Dean came? Yeah, you ever see him up close He is such a testament to the wonders of what they can do with cameras man that kid is so grotesque I'll tell you also's grotesque while I was the bill What's his name on CNN that does the news bill Hummer that I always thought was a good looking guy when he was out there covering a hurricane with no makeup I'm telling you man. He's got a face that even a mother could hate Just astonishing what they can do with makeup and camera angles and like just like that the back-steep boys video They made nick look but you're up and look almost human man. I'm sorry that bitch is gonna call again. Sorry sweet art. He's not a pineapple head So what do you say should we give away those back-steep boy tickets in a front row? Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, yellow? Yes, sir. Yeah, I already wait I have a couple of things to say about what you really don't think Yes, I found that they have not read the Bible and if they did they would realize that God in his own admission or at least in the admission of Bible is extra terrestrial God is one extra terrestrial yeah absolutely not a swirl Yeah, he created it so he couldn't be from here Yeah He's a he's a foreigner's that what he's saying he's a foreigner Watch your meat man male sex organs are getting sliced off into the alarming rate at the end of the end of the millennium approaches It's got a whole list of things here Well people used to have things remember nine on our string and man was happily poking his penis into when it's strange wife Reports the Brisbane courier male their coitus was crudely interrupted by the woman's angry ex has been who knife to offer? Rod of his rival when a doubt he cut it out September 27 they suicidal 42 year old man near yellow university tried to bleed himself to death by pruning off his palace He Connecticut or survived. There was impeled by local judge to accept reattachment so the associated press September 3 sex offender John Henry Brown was grossly abbreviated in Oklahoma prison by his cellmate James Todd Frozen Position the temp to sow the pedophilia penis back on were unsuccessful doesn't say penis it says August 30 a young pole a Young pole but you're not