Sports Radio 560 WQAM My Ami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. We're gonna talk to Neil, called 560 560 toll free for dating Brown and in more pound-five 60 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest's callers are anyone else on the show? Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be easily re-dequisitions or the be easily broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL Don't take any full f*** on them. Backman Rogers, like a good guy, is your native to the place in the sky. Smoke a good stove and write a round and have said, you got a radio show, you just thought that's it. Are you happy and ever free to Neil? You're listening in this down that's real. You turned. You fall with the smile from round just to hear that famous farting sound from the edge of the sky. Take the Brad off your chair with tonight's dance on the screen. There's a man there. Oh, right. Neil Rogers, you're the best. Okay. Really put my amy to the couch. Neil Rogers, always let's know your day. Neil Rogers, you're the best. Neil Rogers, you're the only one missing when I go. We're in a wait for a week in the side of South Florida floor. Happy anniversary, Neil. I love your show. Okay. I don't put my 50 WQM happy Monday, boy, this overhead is real. Funky today, man. Real strange. Did you do like too low or don't mess with it though? Don't mess with it. So how George do last week? You okay? Great. No. Okay. Well, yes. Sensational. No. Okay. I got a facts. Well, this is the, and you know something I come in here this morning. And I didn't even realize it's March 1st. It's happy anniversary. Neil 23 years on the year in this town. How do you like that? Are you concerned about that? No. Do I have a card? Yeah. From George. I've won cards. That goes to show you a 23 years on the year in this town. I've got one card. Happy anniversary. George. What does that tell you? It's 23, fing years. Even if I was on here like with 21 years. Even if I was on here going to live a little bit of the 23 years. I've taken my way through. And I get a card from George. Not that I don't appreciate the card even though I just ripped it up. I'm not big on cards, you know, because I mean, what do you do with a card? You look at it. Yeah. That's nice. And then you rip it up and throw it away. It's basically like I just did. So anyway, I come back in the first thing that greets me well, get in the car this morning. Of course I hear it. I hear that sound that raspy sound. Oh, no, no, no, I know I'm back. No, I know I'm here. I heard the raspy sound of the gildster on my radio this morning. And I immediately popped in some music and I said, all right, here we go. If you're like I'm back in Europe now. Come in here. And the very first thing that I see in here on this counter in front of the board is a fact. The George was kind enough to say thank God for this. And this, it's appropriate because 23 years on the year and this time, one thing about Miami, unlike the hallmark people who care enough to send their very best, Miami always cares enough to send their very worst. Kind of like the sausage man, they always send the worst, whether you want it or not. They've always got to complain and just what we needed was another no life misfit. Who doesn't have the balls by the way to sign his name or its name or whatever it is, just J.E. in Pompano Beach. Probably short for J.E. R.K. but nevertheless J.E. Great facts. Dear WQAM. Now first of all, you understand this, dear WQN, that's like writing to dear Uncle Sam. Huh? Right? In other words, like WQAM is like a person, a thing. I'm trying to understand what the deal is with your radio station. I've just relocated to this area. You are apparently a sports station when Hank is not talking about how he cut in line at some fabulous, overpriced residents. And especially while waiting for that same night. That was funny. And of course, when Neil Rogers spelled with the D, is not talking about how the fans are the media in this town, no nothing about hockey. That is to say what he's not talking about the Pope, the media, the Republican Party, are performing FLAX, you want to stop the American male with the forcekin. Oh! Very insightful and entertaining. The shock value is miniscule, it is a lame act. Shock value. Is this supposed to be shocking? No. It's not a thing that's not a thing that's better tingle with you like it or not. Shock value. As in blow it out your ass. Oh. As I might imagine, you go over the money lead. What a concept. But perhaps you might not lead us so much in thinking that you are a sports day. First of all, is this a sports day? No. 20 hours a day at this sports day? I'm going to tell you right now. I haven't been away from here for 10 days. There is nothing in the, I'd rather hear somebody go on the malo like that for 20 hours a day than hearing people talk about sports. If there's been a more terminal and I don't care what the power is that be think about this. It's just, it's a fact. It's a, it's a group circle jerk for a bunch of no life overgrown adolescents who refuse to grow up. If there's a more boring format than all sports radio in America, I haven't heard it yet. So thank God for the show of giving people a four hour break so that they can like, you know, build their constitution back up. Be here more about what the point is on Villanova vassard tonight on a Hofstra Temple game on the Temple, you should have a game. But anyway, GE goes on to say, Here's an idea. One that actually involves sports radio, the gym or all the show. I'm willing to bet you can make money and still keep your moniker. I thought we were done with her until Barbara Walters comes on with that crap and the books come out Thursday. You might want to check the references across the country for this indicated program here at this guy who moved here from I'm pretty sure I know where because we'll get to that in a second. He's, he's such an expert. He's telling us who GEMROM is, okay? Maybe he'll even tell us who Dr. Laura is, who Howard Stern is, who all the other syndicated people from around the country are. Time to liken us. Think about it. Jim Rome, noon to 4pm Monday through Friday. Tank can have a couple extra hours sleeping off whatever the fear he'd digested the night before. Neal can find a platform I suggest a soap box in the port authority of New York, New Jersey. The second is an idea where GE might be from. That actually suits his whiny act instead of demanding the listeners do. By the way, Neil, when I was through listening to real issues, I'll dial up NPR. Please, here's the best part. Please, curtail the DREC. You currently offer concerned GE in Pompano Beach. He's concerned. GE, who, like I said, hasn't got the ball even a sound like a first name. Much less the whole name is trying to say, I have no line. But just doesn't know how to get right to it. So we go through this convoluted way of all around the Mallbury bushes saying, I know right. And obviously, there's not another misfit just what we need another loser from New York. Maybe this guy's like from Anglewood, New Jersey, because they probably wouldn't let him across the goddamn bridge. Maybe he's waiting to meet William Holden to the foot of the George Washington Bridge. What a jackass. And is it interesting, by the way? Another one of these guys, and you know he's listening right now, whoever it might be, can quote, chapter in verse, as much as he is repelled and is grotesquited. And here's a pseudo-intellectual, and here's all these important issues discussed on National Public Radio. But listen to the Jim Rome show. What does that tell you? Week. I mean, can drive controversy the most anxious, the most pathetic. Well, assuming that we would, that anybody with a brain wants to hear about sports 24 hours a day. But they want to hear the Steve Cain of Sports Talk Radio Jim Rome, who's the, Oh my God, look at that uniform. It's dirty. Don't you, I like it. Laundry, the uniforms before you come out here on the field. And he'd like to make a four-hour show out of that. Garbage. But nevertheless, thanks for your programming tips to J.E. and Pompito Beach, and we're delighted that you're listening. He knows everything chapter and verse just like all the other Rene's tears. Erbie guide the ending that I talk about on this show, because he can't turn it off. But hey, maybe we can get the Jim Rome show like from two to three in a morning instead of that discratchy voice. What's that for, well, on the radio, oh, God. And there's another example of the sports nerds. You could put a, you could put a guide name monkey squealing on if you could somehow spit out the guide name odds in the sports course and these same nerds will be listening to it. Terminal. Colma inducing. So by the way, the dudes, you have a good time at Amsterdam. The weather. Terrible. Food as usual awful. Great time. How do you like that? Now, if you come here and the weather is awful, and it's raining on stop, and you have a lousy meals, and there is a possible way you're going to have a good time here. No. But it ends. It's like, oh, the Vegas. It can be pouring in Vegas. I mean, are those two edge of salmon head like those flash floods, you know, and whether it's really crappy, or really bitter cold in the middle of January? And you still have a great time. One thing about here, even with the weather is great. I don't want to sit. I'm going to have to have your tent at five, 60 WQM. But your is great to be back, baby. One day, three years today on a year in Miami, man. I will never make it past the first couple of months. Or is our concern the Christian Coalition, or you'd be by the way? Since it's March 1st, and she was telling me that I'm January 1st, that this two months ago, I'd be off here. Where's that bitch? Okay. At the program. Day four of that Mauritius of your day. You said I am seen in a foreign day. And now you work for a cox and foxes. Just do it about for me. No. Yes. Thank you. Of Romeo. Thanks for the number I show you Reynolds, Frankie Roe. Merry Christmas to my soul. And every other came in the ass that's been through Lyle G. So I'll get back to you. Of Romeo. So I'll see you in the next episode. As you have the same change of it, even though you have to pay their shit. From TV to TV, they're all like this. You can't stand a big torn on that movie. I'm on the end of the earth. And we have to go slow to the earth. You've turned out that we think of it. Your gentle and we work. I'm fucking you. As. You're your real well. 10.15 at 5.60 WCM. I'll tell you one thing. You come back to Miami to see the big headlines you're in the front of the crowd. It's just like a money rate for a cent. It's like a money rate for cent. It's only the first margin. You can get rid of that. Yeah. And I don't mention it because I expected to be ridden. I just mentioned it to point out the fact that it is not. Because no matter what you try to do in this town. If you're not one of the inside sucklings, they don't give a crap. Right. But he never in. That's a big deal. He's a big deal. He's a big deal. And he never in. There. So here's the facts from Bill happy anniversary. It says. Here's the facts that his Georgia may. Georgia may. Georgia may. Georgia may. Georgia may. Georgia may. Georgia may. Georgia may. He should have his own show after years. The fact that he hasn't been hired as a talk show host and crap like Rob Daniels and Steve Kane keep coming back and back and back and back and back and forth as this radio business is a joke. Sign day. Well, Dave? Absolutely correct to you, right? But it is, it is a crap as his way to like it to that talkers magazine thing. So some really heavy duty news while I was gone number one being of course the Gene Cisco buy. Now you know, we've had a lot of people buy and last this in Lebanon QAN. In fact some of the people on the ear here I think are right in that well anyway. But you know, they come and they go that's life like I keep trying to tell you. Oh, by the way, don't buy the farewell to God book. What are you looking at me like that? No, you're by Charles Templeton. You want to know why? You don't need a book. I was thinking about this while I was on vacation. Why what does anybody need a book to this prove this bull crap? Anybody that would believe these silly fairy tales and life after death and the spirit and the angels and all of this other stuff man, you've got to immediately seek out a shrink. But anyway, so Gene Cisco dies. And the first, I know this is a bad thing to say. But the first thing that comes to my mind because I know he had the brain tumor in the operation. And I said, I just got through reading an article a couple weeks ago about he thought he may have come back a little bit too soon. He wasn't doing that great, but he was going to be okay. All of a sudden he's dead. 53 years old dead. Somebody I liked. I enjoyed Gene Cisco. He knew movies. He wasn't an ask, is he? If he liked him, will he would tell you if he hated him? He would tell you. And so my first reaction is, how come it couldn't be the fat one? No, seriously, my very first reaction was, I mean, I don't want anybody to die some horrible death. But if it has to be one of the two, how about Roger Ebert? That damn fact that I can't stand it. Yeah. That annoying, he's extraordinarily annoying. He just gets on my nerves. Just to see him makes me, yeah. Kringe. So Gene Cisco's dead. God damn it. You know the Lord works there. Yeah, right. There they go at that crap again. Thank God. And I was away for like 10 days from any of that. Didn't hear any of that little crap. Didn't see any of it. Didn't encounter any people that like are involved with any of that. And I thought to myself, I must be in a real place. Then I came back to America. Then I read then the International Hero Tribune a few days ago about the Greece man. I guess George talked about this last week. George talked about. George talked about what? No response. No response. Or red excerpts from the article on the paper. Nobody called about it. Not one. Not one call about the Greece man getting fired in DC. Because he made another one of his tasteless comments. See, I personally, I know that I'm one of those guys. I could have said the same thing. There's some of the remarks he's made over the years that I would not have said. Because you have to know where the line is. They have to have some kind of a line where you draw a little bit of a line. But he played one of these so-called hip hop records. And by the way, what the hell is hip hop? You know, rap music. That wasn't good enough. And of course, they left. A lot of people started putting the scene front of the rap and showing it for what it is, which it really is crap. And so now all of a sudden it's hip hop. But in any way, he played some hip hop record by some black recording artist by some bitch. And when he got done playing a record, which he obviously hated like poison. He says, now you know why they dragged them from the back of pickup trucks. Is now what he am I close? Yeah, I think the article is in a pile of papers like this. Yeah. Yeah. Now you know why they dragged them behind pickup trucks. Right. Which is a very cool and tasteless remark. But Judy, you got inspired for saying that? No. Because obviously, you're number one at sticking out of context. And number two, you know where this guy is coming from. He's irreverent. Right? No, I think he's the racist. Well, what's the difference? No, seriously. I mean, the problem being that he's in Washington. Okay, there's too many sportsers in Washington to go on a year and say something like that. You don't come to the nation's capital, Greece, man. No matter how many years you've been there doing very well, I'm making millions of dollars. You don't come to the nation's capital when all of them Schwartz is running around and makes some kind of comment like that. They'll be like going on a year and saying you're celebrating Martin Luther Coolday, something you just, you just don't do those things all he's done much worse. But nevertheless, so he got canned. Which I think was an act of total. But that's America again. So you can't really say what's on your mind. But I'm going to say today anywhere what's on my mind about something having to do with that and Amsterdam. Which I've told you before. But now this time, I noticed even more than ever before. I don't know about you. But I'm not one of those people. That's too crazy about having a lot of drug peddlers out on the streets who are like very blatant and flagrant. They all happen to have one thing in common. But anyway, we'll get to that. Here's a pump at a, hello. I'll mail Rajas to stick at 23 years up as that and always have them. Okay, thank you. 20 minutes and 47 seconds. He waited for that a very, very poor. He thinks he's going to get on the, I think, first of all was a tube. It's this overhead again. So that's our fault. Sir, but it was pretty weak. You'll never make it. He's hoping for another four years of posterity with that craft. We have an open line of day, five, six, seven, five, six, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Happy anniversary, Neil. Thank you. From mendus, outpouring of mail and emotion here today. Was there? No. No. Actually, in fact, sand the promotion man, Sam Ducebad came down here with Duff Lindsey, with a big banner that they made up for me. Happy anniversary Neil and Sam says, well, how was your vacation, did you miss us? I said, yeah, I was thinking about your Sam, but I still came back. Here's a mobile and cross-brings, hello. Mobile and cross-brings. Neil? Yes, sir. How are you? Great. First thing I have two things. First thing I wish you a very happy anniversary. Thank you. And the second thing is, you probably know my name. I don't want to give you my advice. My advice. My business, but I did work at your house once. You did work at your house once. Really? Yeah, I appreciate your business. Great. Remembering? Yes. Good to know it's me too. Right. Right. I will, for your anniversary. Do anything you want for your birthday. I'll be all right. Thanks a lot, my friend. Okay. Have a great day. Bye. Yeah. Agriculture Department scientists say they have made a major stride towards developing an allergy-free rubber. Great. How you doing, Henry? Happy anniversary Neil. Thank you so much. Here's the great Henry Burrow, by the way, who survived WOD. Are you still doing it? I made a list showing the morning, so actually. Absolutely. Was Roger Magnum now in a very Magdalene? Yes. Yeah. We're still there. Well, I don't understand. As I heard the day, the first day that Renery went off. And you were playing music and then you came on and kind of like a lost child. Like, well, we don't know who's going to be here yet, but we'll let you know when they are. Where Mike is going and you're still there. Yes, I are. So I guess they just don't know about it yet. It's the show is owned by Henry Burrow productions. Really? Yes. So in other words, you kind of came in. When Renery got put, I don't want to say you pushed them out because that would sound bad. Right. Right. Which I did not. Oh. That's why I don't want to say it because I know you're not going to kind of go that would do that. Unless of course it was for survival, which is the other thing. Well, survival was, was purchasing the time. Right. Why don't I understand? So in other words, you purchased the time. That's right. Well, I'm confused them because they must have given you a different deal and then we're going to give him. I don't know. I, I, I broke. I broke it. I broke it. Radio. Right. But if you understand what I'm saying because Renery got off of there because they wanted to charge him some of the amount as you know, which he was going to have to work out 80 hours a day and not make any money from it. And then you're coming on there. You must be doing something right. You must have naked pictures. I, I, I, I, I pretty exorbitant price. Do you sure? Sure. And who's selling your show? I am and my partner Mark Benson. Uh-huh. Well, your partner Mark Benson? Yes. Not the Mark Benson. Yes. Not the Mark Benson formally of citizens of day-dunited Mr. Anteye by Linguel Historia about not that Mark Benson. Mark Benson. Oh, my god. Public and party. Oh. Do we make a not couple or what? Yeah. Strange. By the way, I thought of you with Skipple Airport. Yeah. That's, that's a good place by Cuban cigars by the way. It is. What a great airport to love that there. Well, I didn't think about you because you were the first one that I ever spoke to when you had a pronounce in Edinburgh. People. It's a great airport. In fact, you could put the whole city of Miami in the Skipple Airport until I've room left over. Yes, you could. Yes, they're still as you head out to front entrances. They're still a BP station there. Yes. But it, but inside, they've, I mean, you wouldn't even recognize it. There's someone there. Of course, they got all the birdings all over the place. But just enormous numbers. The shops. It did say it's miraculous. You know, the amazing thing I find there, too, is that you can get the latest English English language novels. Right. Before they appear in the state, even. Yeah, yes, sir. It's a good place to be. Now, you're not doing this kind of material on in morning, sure, right? I'm waxy. I'm doing whatever I want. So you're playing like old piggy-lead news. It can stuff like that. Oh, no, I don't know. What are you doing? What kind of, I maybe I'll even listen to tomorrow. Well, I do the news. It's often bottom of the hour. Yeah. You know, we've covered something on tap. I really would like to get your opinion on this. Roger Magdalene is my business editor. Yeah. Everybody considered Roger kind of a goof because of the personality he was given. Roger's over now. He's a former stock broker. He's a former stock broker. Right. And he's a day trader. And he really spent a lot of time working on his business reports. And I think they're good. And constantly he's on the quarter after and a quarter of each hour. And we also have a sports guy who has just started with his name, John Roberts. I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. Yeah. And once we're in there, you do it. And we have, I don't know. Yeah. And we have Sean Coner doing traffic. Yeah. Full service morning show. Great. Well, I wish you all the best in your okay in my book. Thanks. And you know, you're daughter doing by the way. She's doing wonderfully. She's having the assistant manager of the Beverly Hills restaurant complex. I'll tell you if I'm worth that persuasion. I would have a wish to her off and he looked with her years ago. She's unbelievable. She's a big fan of years all done. Ask me to tell you happy anniversary. I did my wife's standing. Excellent. But I would like to say one thing. Briefly, yeah. Because we were talking about you this morning on the show. Really? Yeah. Mark and I and he explained to people who have never heard it. There's never been a better baseball play by playman in this town. Or probably any other town. Yeah. You were doing the U of M. Right. Big fan of that too. Well, I'm working on this talk show thing. Well, listen, I'll be listening tomorrow. Henry. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So Henry stole my cranberries show. How do you like that? I used that hairpin and it took me to a way I'd be busted. Now I got to give all my houses the way I'd be busted. Yeah. And I was sick here because they were probably a muster. They must have been a good thing. I thought it would be done like maybe I've got some money now. I think I should have done it. Plus it. No. I won't get to be judged without any money. I won't get to be judged without any expenses. Plus it. I'm just because I take my train and it's as I've been busted. I'm just trying to make it clear. I'm just trying to make it clear. When I got out of the middle of my idea, I'm back where I was born. I just got no friends here. I'm just trying to get out of the car. I don't know. So I'll get straight out of here. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. Let me ask you one thing. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Well, we got us a celebrity studded. The cash column today. Jennifer Ram. Happy anniversary. Thank you, Jennifer. 23 years. I know. I'm pathetic. And that's 23 years. This will be here. You deserve a medal. Yes, I do. I don't have one for you. But I do have a little story for you. Yeah. I was heading home. Headed north down on 95 near the Hallendale Beach Boulevard egg. So yesterday after. And it was a 30 year old. Yeah. And there was a guy in a Honda Civic darkened color. Thank you, Lunky. Look at the chicken. He was joking. A ride. I'm the corn. Uh-huh. And today we're doing a story about the dangers of road debris. And what not on 95 hitting your vehicle. That's interesting. And now I know where that slick spot was on the road yesterday. Come on home from your foot. Exactly. My question to you is how dangerous it is to do that while you're driving. Yeah. I guess it all depends on how many hands it takes to handle a wiper. Well, for that guy, you had a grip, but he really needs to get alive. That's great. So happy anniversary. So happy anniversary. How do you like Henry Burroughs called by the way? I know what. I was out doing an interview. Didn't hear it. Was he sober? Yeah. He was he said. And then he said. And I said, well, how's my injury doing? He said. He was great. He's doing okay. Something's never changed. Nice to see all our old, you know, we're all here. Yeah, him to keep it in our heads above water. Well, happy anniversary. Love you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Jennifer Wright. Everybody loves Jennifer Wright. Everybody except, uh, what's your name, Jackie? Jackie Bales. Was that in with that her name? I got confused because we had like two Jackie's. We had that real like Macho Jackie. What was her name? They're having a, you know, this place really amuses the hell out of me. I haven't a near Rogers anniversary party in the park allowed her at noon. Am I going to be involved in that? No, because I'm sitting up here on the ear. Oh, look at her. Her stands got the balloons. And that's right. Yes, I did think about you. And I'm saying, but I still came back. Like I said, look at all those beautiful purple balloons. Just like Tinky's winky. Oh, I guess what I saw on the BBC a couple of mornings. I saw Tinky winky. And the whole, whatever that stupid show is. The tell us how baby. Oh, yeah. Of course, you know, those British are all bunch of presses anyways. So how do I can you tell? Pruble, balloons boy. This is pretty impressive. Am I impressed? No. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. How come you're looking? Wait a minute. Our dimer, your dimer. Are we paying for this? No, no, of course you are. Okay, hang on. Although we want to take this celebrity's first. I mean, here's an almost celebrity. Hey, boy. What's that in your house? Brian Andrews. Happy anniversary, Neil. From Channel 7. The one in only. From Channel 7 news. How are you, Neil? The one that says we're out of that material folks. Not anymore. How's things? Things are grand. I just heard it was your 2030 anniversary. And what were did you hear that? I heard it on your show. Oh. Back here. I was putting around doing a few things. It's a deal. It's Neil's anniversary. I should give him a call. Right. So a 23 years. 23 years of being in. Some of those part of that time is being your colleague. And I would. Yeah, you know, I was. Everyone knows that you want to know what your colleague. Right. That was a one time ago. Huh? But I had to turn Jennifer around. Wow. Blast from the past. Right. And Henry Burrell. What do you ever worked with Henry? Did you? No. I wasn't around for his. Yeah. He was he was drying out. I think when you came over. How was he overseas? Overseas was great. Amsterdam is still there. And it's fantastic. And even with crappy weather and very marginal food. I still had a great time. And it's just nice to be among, you know, living and breathing people for a few days. And then I'm like, every day. People down here. No. No. I just, you know, you're, they say, and they say it's a floating media circle. You're not a man until you've been ripped on the ear by Neil Rogers and Neil. I know you've ripped me many of time. But I was talking about women. Congratulations on 23 years in this large. Thanks Brian. Give up. We're, we're saying it's a big kiss. Yeah. I hear you runs like a mother. Okay. Take care yourself. I'm on Brian and we're some channel 7. Are we impressed with that? No. He's all right. He's a little confused. That's what Adam said. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. I'm a guy who pre-empted me for him. Well, he's, uh, we just, and get him out of the way, you know. I'm happy anniversary Neil 23 down and four to go. I'm wired. And Neil, nobody, nobody sends cards anymore. I don't even get my wife and anniversary card anymore. I just, you know, I'm a anniversary. Why should I expect the audience to remember this one? I forgot myself. Why should I expect anybody else to remember it? Well, I come over and give you a big kiss Neil. Not past. And the best part of the anniversary shows all the celebrities, the Colin Joey Reynolds and Mr. Ego and Alice and Rob Daniels. Right. And Randy Rhodes and the King Meister. Neil. Don't leave it on. Are you leaving it here? Are we going to air for the call? And, uh, I hope not. I hope not. I hope that somebody told me, uh, the Capri is back in town, by the way. That's a rumor that I heard that he's working on, uh, RMS. I have a permanent, but he'll be calling. We'll find out. Neil, Neil, and that in closing, you had your 20th anniversary show, I guess, three years ago, and remember when Larry King called it from the airplane? Yes, I do. I got it. You have that. Yes, I do. I'm going to play it. Thank you, sir. And happy anniversary. Thank you so much. How come we haven't heard from J.E. and Pompado Beach at this morning? Waiting for that call. I know he's listening out there waiting with Bayed and Breath. We have an open line in date one and Broward 560, 50560 on a mobile one line. I bet you every guy that made your personality in town. I won't be surprised if Tom jickard calls in today who will miss the last book again, by the way, the last ratings book, which we had amongst their book. He missed that again. Mr. Senator, one fundraiser that we did over 150 grand. Missed that. Missed my 23rd anniversary in the newspaper, by the way. But I'd like to make my good friend Tom jickard calls in here today, just because he's such a good guy, even though Sam is standing in front of my clock. It's not important. I mean, they don't care about the time they just want to know the goddamn score. There's the book he feels better today. I wanted to give you the real thing here in the office. Sally Fitz, when her batteries fit Rick and Suds, when they're pulling their cuts, Joe blows, that must everyone know that's just great, they Joe's. Larry King, would that ball spot the nander's gym? We know what the Olympics of him ran the roll. When she's beat the burn-on, that's just great, they Joe's. Management, they're all bent under the running the show. They're just a bag of brands of two-spait, I know. They don't even know as a go-so until get to the kitchen. It's just what we're missing, so and so. As we all hear a soul-mate talk-all, And if you have the ball spot to kneel, As I know you will feel and feel the God of victory, Will be wild of just a favorite way. Gotta wait until drop after drop after drop. and at least in Toronto said it tonight. But anyway, so I missed a couple of very important and big home games. But I did ask around. I said, did they fix that the goalites at the arena can people see those yet? No, no. And not only that, but then come to find out the time clocks were back to that again. They're not working again, right? But hey, they're working on it. But there's another idiotic column by Michael Russo. And it's an interesting that somebody faxes me a copy from the Palm Beach. He this is the way it works in the local papers, because nobody knows what they're writing about. Just like that guy, it affects me. That thing I read in the beginning of the show this morning, your rights are. They don't know what they're talking about. All they do is they plant their propaganda and he's the so-called columnist or writers or stringers or whatever they are like my fat Michael Russo. They put in there whatever the whole I tell them to put in. The kitty core GM Marie took his lunch for switching to you seems he was right all along. This coming on the day that the panthers are like a ninth place. They're tied with Boston in points, but they're at the moment out of a playoff spot. But Marie was right all along. Like when Marty Strocker got his 29th goal for Pittsburgh yesterday, we were saying, oh yeah, he was right all along. And then he goes on about the core of youth and he goes, this is the same Michael Russo yesterday that ripped the crap out of Robbie, needymar and his listless performance game after game after game and who does he list there in the kitty core? These great young players, Robbie needymar. How do you like that? And Rodactiv or Aquadiz is a big deal 10 goals. And Victor Coslov, a bitter under-reachever. And Ray Witton, who was a great the acquisition by Brian Marie, but is not part of the kitty core as the young veteran and it didn't come up through the organization. So what are you writing about Michael Russo? You asshole? Another piece of crap. Welcome back to Miami, sir. Thank you. Too many, no nothings in this town. Too many losers. Too many people that haven't got any idea what the hell they're job description is that no one knows the subject matter of what the hell they're supposed to be doing. Like Michael Russo and David J. Schwarz over there at the Herald. Or don't say that. Look what happened to the grease man up there. So anyway, getting back to this thing about Amsterdam, even went to a lot of risk crappy. Oh, and by the way, somebody one of the Julios and I think it was a chronic before I went out of a case was asking me about the Winston Hotel, but the research of place, it's on the Rudivassoline, the Walmers Tavat, right in the middle of all the red light district in Amsterdam. But it's a great location. But it's for Schleppers. In other words, if you want to spend like 70 bucks a night for a flee bag dump dumpy place, but you will get a little care because it's just a bed and maybe a little bit of water in there somewhere. That's fine for it for you Schleppers. Great location. Would I stay there? No, not on your life. Not under any circumstances. But getting back to these said they only want thing. I mean, the bad weather I can take. I mean, it's the middle of February. I'm there. It's raining. It's cool. It's windy. It's the bus three out of the nine days. I would say there were three days when you saw some sunshine. The best day was yesterday when I'm getting on a plane to leave. Beautiful. But that's the breaks. I can handle all of the other. I can handle the fact that they eat a lot of fish and stuff that I can't stand and their food generally sucks. I've doesn't bother me in the least bit. But what I cannot handle, the one thing that bugs me more about that city than anything else. And I love Amsterdam is that as you're walking the streets and you're zipping around town and you're going here and there, the, and I know that this, I've said this before. But it happens to be true. Maybe you can explain to me why there is this phenomenon. Why the islands people, is do any of them they have in like a real job? I don't think so. Cook. It cook. Cook, fun. Cook. Okay. That's, that's, that's why we brought all of your makins in here for Klan. I love so we'd have a lot of good weed. Everybody knows that. Right? Yeah. Yeah. That's why they're here. Yeah. But these islands people like from the Dutch, Netherlands, and Tilly's are all these other, uh, grotesque islands of the, they, I guess they have to let them in there. And then, if pedimenty or spirits, they're not that they're dangerous. I don't think, I mean, you know, they don't like coming grab you by the yard. But they're just, hey, what do you need, man? Go. Uh, whatever you want. Which is not legal there. And number two, which I don't want to be, you know, every two blocks are cost to be buying cocaine and crack in the, whatever else, uh, you know, it gets on your guide standards. And it also contributes to that kind of attitude that you have that makes you feel a little bit on it, uh, racist side. Like how come, uh, was there, was there one single white person trying to pedal the rugs to me while I was an Amsterdam. I walk in the streets? No. No. So maybe like that, well, one person said a few weeks ago, it's a cultural thing. Maybe that's what it's all about. Huh? Part of the culture. I'm hard. Open line of day two and Brower. Look at this open line here today, boys and girls. 23 years on a year in his town. The fax machine ought to be buzzing. These phones ought to be smoking off the hook. We're here and from big time celebrities, Henry Barrow, Jennifer Rem, Rob, Rob, what's his name? Brian Andrews. He's almost disability. That was, yeah. 560, 705, 60, pound 560, animal bull one line. Oh, look what we got here. It's enough for the sucking guy. Hey, how you going Neil? Great. Happy anniversary, man. Thank you so much, man. And I'm talking, I tell you what, the advantage we're talking about, yesterday, about the you being, it's been your anniversary. Oh, really? Oh, you? Yeah. That's one of the reasons why I call you. I mean, the guy that's doing the opposite, the sports updates from Sunday, they say, they're all celebrating, I guess you're anniversary. I guess they're calling it. It wouldn't be complete. It's Phil Henry doesn't call you, and you know, we missed the Henry here. Are you shooting? Yeah. From 6 o'clock in the morning until 10. That sounds good to me. It sounds like a big improvement over the crackle. How's that punk in the morning talking Neil? Yeah, he just gets some minor. If you guys have enough doubt, if you guys have the tolerance to, if you guys have the ball to have like that, all kind of in the radio in the morning, what can you have wet back radio from 6 o'clock in the morning? Yeah. I think that's the next week. Not well, you know, come in. I think we're going to get Ricky Martin's going to get a show. We see he wanted to, uh, he wanted to get me. He was all excited about it. I hope they love eating. Yeah. And he brought you a crowd of their feet and they were screaming, boy, look at that orange hair, Ricky's got they were screaming and squealing over it. I barely have a time to call you. Yeah, I worry like I can't let their pants are were so tight that you could see that he definitely is circumcised, which I thought was pretty amazing for Puerto Rican. Yeah, more, more, more, sick or sad, more, is there more? Yeah, he must add the good moral. He did a beautiful job. How's that? I mean, you go, yes? So, getting for him, I might have been the one that she was driving next to you, though. Yeah. Yeah. So, I'm sure. I said, sure. I said, isn't that good? Okay, I have a great time. I'll be back. Good. I did. Okay. We have an open line of day. So, anyway, getting back to the thing about a Phil Henry. There's this obnoxious magazine that I've told you about over the years called Pockers Magazine, which was founded by and is written for and about a group of self-serving assholes as Brian Andrews would say, colleagues in the business. Like Seagull, who used to work on W. News, maybe some of you old-fars member Mike Seagull were trying to forget a humorless, pathetic excuse for a broadcaster for a human being, one of the most anxious people I've ever worked with. But in, of course, Walter Sabo contributes weekly or however, monthly, however often they put this rag out. And they had these conferences that they go to and they also give awards to each other. It's a self-serving group of flock is what it is. But just, you know, squeeze each other's genitals and pat each other down the back and tell each other how wonderful they're. Like they used to do with packs and giving each other all the awards all the time for screwing up another station and destroying somebody else's life. So, anyway, this February issue, which, so where did we get this? Who brought this in? Greg or Deferwood? Oh, look at that general manager, W. K. O. M. I'm sure he must have thought I'd be really impressed by seeing that. Yeah, my name and here, the top 100 talk host in America for 1990, is selected by the Uxious Talkers magazine. A grotesque piece of turd. Now, I'm not going to waste your time actually. I'm in there. I mean, the tell, yeah, when you make the top 5,000, that's pretty good. Neil Rogers, huge in San Florida, offbeat wild character, afternoons, which are going to have to know. It's a photo of W to Q M Hollywood with the address and the phone number, the fact now and right on the address, wrong phone number. Right under my picture by the way, guess who the next one is? Jim Rome. Now, if you remember that fact that I started reading about, you know, shock radio, it's a sports radio shock, shock, nose, his stuff, Premier radio network yaddi adi, and there's his, I'll be put with that mustache. Trying to be controversial just with that look on his post. But at any rate, when you hear some of the people that made this list and the one in particular who did not, you are going to, you're going to take your radio and phone your fist to it. You're going to go and find out who published this guy damn talkers. You're going to take your water, say, Bob, blow up, Dell and just blow it to the smithereens. That's why they called the blow up, Dell, because he blows on this list of the 100 best talk show host. And by the way, let me give you the criteria that they listed here. Okay. They go through this long article, which I never read this thing except, of course, I'm in it, so I'm assuming, you know, I mean, and I'm embarrassed to be in it, by the way, I want to retract. I don't want to be associated with most of what's in here. The idea of importance, these are the 100 most important talkers in America. It's determined by any combination of the following aspects of the candidates professional status ratings ratings longevity. Unleakness as in a Randy Rhodes wannabe. Potential social impact, yati, yati, industry recognition, the courage, talent. And here is he's in there, broke Daniels. She's a natural with a style all her own. Where are you? Yeah, WI and Z after and drive. I'm going to tell you, this is the worst Randy Rhodes rip off. And it did. And then why would you want to rip off Randy Rhodes? That's the thing I don't understand. That would all do respect to Randy. Okay? She's got her thing. Yeah, but I mean, broke Daniels is on the list. Now, since this, you know, he mentioned and somebody also already is mentioned a certain name. Okay. Yeah, that one. So I'm looking through this this morning with much consternation as I'm seeing like Mike Seagull is in it. All the people who are part of this cluster fork that are, you know, that put put this magazine out for their own grandisement, their own ego, like Tom Del Likeus. He's in there with his minutes, his new numbers in every market that he's in, by the way. And I'm looking through here and I'm seeing various people who are not in here. Like I see Mike in the mad dog from the fan, this is the guy sports dog people and Jim Rome is Hank in here. Hank? No. No, he's not in here. A glaring omission is work are working. So I've been here. No. Well, he's such a he and here. No. And then I talked to myself, well, you know, whom I leave out? And I look for Phil Henry, I want to want you to those of you who know anything about talk radio in this market or just in general, just generally speaking, anything about talent, like you'd recognize it if it hit you in the face. It's Phil Henry on this list. No. Keep in mind, here's work Daniels is on the list. It's talkers magazine, okay? Even she can't believe it because of her ratings for influence for long. You have a new in the market, if you got came back to the first and months. And then she was changing tires and tires keeping people who said, oh, God, I'm best of you. You want to come back to work. He's still there. She makes the list of the most important hundred talkers in America, Phil Henry who's in Los Angeles on KFI 50,000 watts, who's one of the great talents in the history of our business. Does he make the list? No. Damn it. And you wonder why I say this is a horseball business with a bunch of assholes and self-aggrandizing assuckers running it? I'm going to tell you, they ought to take Walter's table. I told you, I just this morning, tie him to a goddamn tree and make him wipe his ass with a real sharp real opet and 500 copies of talkers magazine until he can't wipe it no more. Shame on you. You idiots you. You jackasses. But I do like that jacket Tom. Time like this. You, God? processing I got to take a instagram, so this informações, do well maybe you do I'm older than you, baby. I can do anything I wanted you. And you're just so sweet woman. And I'm gonna be just so good to you. I'm gonna get an asshole. I'm a reptile. I'm a reptile. I'm a reptile. I'm a reptile. I've got the power to mold into the throat. I've got the power to mold into the throat. I've got the power to mold into the throat. I have a way to get your own show. I have a station down in Hollywood. And I don't care if you're ready to load. Just the one that you construct equals. I'm on the same car, baby. And you'll do everything I want you to. I'm your consultant, woman. And you're making an undesired, you're new. I'm not a cop. I'm an idiot. I'm a reptile. I'm a reptile. I'm a reptile. That's why I'm a consulting cos I'm just an ass. Oh my god. The idea of Brook Daniels being on a list and the film has been on there. It's just frost my ass so much that I'm ready to get up and walk out of here and go open up a god-day and shoe shine stand. On the corner of the damrack and something. Speaking of the damrack, here's a man who makes an honest living. Oh, he didn't respond because I said it to man who... Ow! Ow! Put the food down now. Hey, happy anniversary. I can hear the wrappers crinkling. I want to know if I can hear the hip hop or square. I'm going to be an F.M. I'm going to be an F.M. Tenth March 18 is there anymore. He actually left it. Did you smoke it all up? I cleaned him out. What about the haring? Did you go the haring? I cleaned your apartment on. I did not go on your apartment. Why didn't you just see who she was gay and you can't use a tea. You stopped it. Get in there. I want to see you pay for a hotel. Too much. I'm going to hit my favorite hotel of Arbazan Palace with booked up this time so I had to stay at the Crasen at Bolskian where that is. You were six blocks from my house. How much have you spent? Too much. You could have stayed there all the money. All you have to do is perform oral sex to me and we're even. Like I said, I love the Crasen at the time. They have great dentists by the way. You want to do that? Oh, it's a wonderful dining room. You are eight blocks to my apartment. I know exactly where you're parked. The one you've got. I want to go. I want to back door if I can say that it's a Crasen. I want to walk from the marijuana and empty. I want to be the monster and I love how. Maybe you can answer me what it is. Okay, because I'm always here and you make these comments. I make these comments. Anybody else in right away? We're supposed to be racist. But you know what I'm talking about. You spend enough time there. You know, you walk the streets. Everybody's happy. Everybody's in a great mood. The people are friendly. They're very nice. There's no guns. There's a cops don't have any guns even. But every couple of blocks. There's some rostish marches standing out there. Coke, crack you in and it gets a little bit irritating. And you finally want to use up. Because people are always saying, well, you know, they've been deprived of an education. They've been held back. Maybe a good haircut would be a good start. You know, I hate them. They're working all the streets. They should go back to Holland with a balloon. But Neil, why don't you? Why don't you? Neil, you said you wanted to live in Holland. I'm going to my landlord as an apartment for you. Why are you calling? You guys have one? He has one for you. My twice as nice as mine. I'm your, I hope so. Give a quote to Rosed later, seriously. Yeah. And please use my apartment. I know you can get in. I know with the key. I mean, if straight people can do it, you can do it. Well, I don't care about that. I just brought a crowbar this time. Okay, come on Neil. And you know, I mean, I would love to. I treasure you. I want your body next to me trembling with bad. That's why I don't go to your apartment. I'm afraid of it. I'm afraid you give a funny schedule of the George there. And you might be hiding there waiting in the Lord. Waiting in the Lord and video tapio. Why do you have a midnight blue? Yeah. Listen Neil. If that's the best you can put on. Watch your work. That's a great day. You'd be a part of it. And when you should be there, the day is named after you. Queen's day, April 30. I'll be there. If I know they're going to be there then. Yes, they celebrate the Queen's birthday. Oh, of course, I'm going to have to change my plan. Every queen is out there. Yeah. Exactly. Neil, I love you. Okay. I'll see you later. I can't hear about you. I'll speak to you later. And George is blind tonight. His rectum is blind. Good night. I'll speak. Whatever that mess done. I'm figuring out what that means about him. I don't know what. I was coming back on a plane yesterday and Martin here with a very nice gentleman. So maybe he's even listening now. But I doubted he's doing business. An older Dutch gentleman who's like in the telephone business cell phone. And he showed me at a Dutch paper showing me a review of a restaurant called the Yan Yan, which is right near where one of the hotels I stayed most of the time. And the restaurants and Amsterdam, to be honest with you, you got to be a little bit adventurous to go in. Because on the outside, they look like not too much, even the good ones. Okay. So we picked up the Dutch newspaper. We're showing you this review. And I look at it like forget it. There are few not like finish. Every here the finish speak. It's like Indian. Like they speak in a caload. Like one of those strange Indian languages. No chance. That one I would not tackle. I know my 40 awards of a tadon. I know my 20 awards of a Sponule. Everywhere I go, try to learn a little bit of language. But Dutch to me. I mean, you just have to make a lot of good. What's that guess is what you get for reading all that hearing. And all those clams. A lot of clams being eaten. And I'm stood on my guarantee of that. Here is a candle. Hello. How's it going Neil? Great. I heard you talking about David J. Neil and all those writers about hockey earlier. I called you a couple weeks ago about Alexander Day. Have they said they were trying to get him from Philly and he wasn't with Philly anymore. You remember? Right. Anyway, since today's paper, had you read David J. Neil singing about the Panthers and the Least. Possibly meeting in the playoffs? Yeah. He goes on to say the Panthers likely play off the boat. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. He's a little bit late. I don't have a clue what they're doing. The starring line of fulfil et al. When they put Eric lindrol was a picture out there. They put his name underneath. They spell it. L-I-N-D-R-O-S-S. I mean, it's a super star like lindrol. He's getting a little bit of vandrous. That's not too bad. That's really nice. I have a thought that Nick to get along. Yeah. That was a fantastic idea. Got along. Because we've got another super star. that's true. Congratulations. I think it's the same person. I think it's a Gary Batman. Great. Thanks, Ed. We're going to all kind of stuff here. They're having a big... The one thing about this place is if I get great ratings, they have a ratings party for the whole station. If I have an anniversary, they have an anniversary party for the whole station. I think it's a real banana that I came over here for everybody else. That's too little banana for some of this. Yeah. A lot of us have ratings for this is Brooklyn and how the station does. Right. I thought we were going to get you thousands. Excellent. But I'm on a bad streak that got a dose drink. Are you? Maybe a while. Yeah, but when they bring the good bands in, though, I think they did see Dave Joseph's calling yesterday. He's the right on target, man. These old old bands that even you and I have forgotten already. I mean, that's just they're going to cut it. You probably will be playing with the records in California too. Hey, by the way, since you're one of a few people who even understand what this is all about. I look at the paper yesterday, and I wish they how I would have been here all the time. I was on vacation. Saturday night at the big $150,000 race at Pompano. One, forty nine and four, Parsons then the track record. And then the end of February. Can you believe they must have been a mild night. But that's what a time that is. Yeah, the except the only thing is, I think that not just in hard situation, all these sports and all the racing sport, they just keep stepping up the tracks. Yeah. I don't know if these, he said, this was faster than Naya Toronto. You think they're stepping up the tracks or stepping up the horse? Well, we don't want to touch that. They don't want to touch that with the tempo. Well, thanks a lot and I appreciate it. I have to have a very, very, very, very people who realize this, but actually between our mutual friend Peter Shapiro and then you and Bill Carl, that's all you never would have made a bet in my life. Like I said, we're going to get a bad connection to you later. Poor Ed. Well, he had a rough weekend, you know. We have an open line and Broward to and Data Brigadier in baskets. Look at that one, I like that one with a big Jewish star on the outside, that basket. Put a set of sports where there's this tremendous, fairly touchy, and these people go a lot of thick about it. They're going to become very new. Anyway, M before 10 and after two, you're all a bunch of baggage. So, naked, you're taking a shower. That's a gate club you moron. You're in a fair club. You're looking for glory holes. The Miami Doth and Bad House. Cut it out. You're a fangler. You're a hollard sexual. You're a fangler. Was they in school? No, go out on your own. Yeah, so there's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do it home. Search all around, but you won't see. Oh, with a G. E. When nothing's on par, to the marvellous feeling, or making water patties, stick to the ceiling, smoking in the bathroom, making out in the hall, or hitting the back kid with a speeding dodgeball. Oh, how? Yeah, I remember that. A throw of paper wands with a fire alarm, blow up the toilet with a cherry smile. Dysaco Frog in biology class. Find yourself a nerd and win your head name. But you'll be here hit and came here's a dream. When you make the class a patch of elegance, daughter who fights, you milk out your nose, or when you go to school, when anything goes, the same school, don't go out on your own. Yeah, but it's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do it home. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the open with a G. E. E. E. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the open. If you want to see the five-tip the W.E. Q.M. Well, we got a tremendous response on the phone here, don't we? No, not at the moment. Well, yeah, it's Monday. They don't want you to be too carried away. We don't care. We hear every year. We keep hearing it's your goddamn anniversary and then it's your birthday. And that's some other goddamn blessed event. Well, this overhead, it flows. So thanks to the Q.M family here, whoever they might be. Look at that, did you see this? Oh, she's big basketball all kind of Italian. Goodies in there, most of which I can't eat and Oli or Leva. I'll just drink some olive oil here while I'm waiting for some calls. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Now we're going to be having a little a thing out here in a parking lot out by the, what is the 202 places at it and 441? It's a double street sign, terrorists. Whatever it is, 202 or 3 terrorists. Well, by the way, we got to find out if a Giffy loop does, well, changes on Corvette. Okay. Seriously, the one right across the street, right next to the tower kingdom, we're battling Brook around the people who are that faithful day and he said, why don't you tell him? Okay. Well, here's Jeff Cohen from the pizza loft. That was just going to ask about food. So what are we going to be giving away out there between noon and one? We got a whole thing set up out there, not to elaborate. We got shirts. We got, it's, it's very elaborate. They've got the, you know what I said, it's really elaborate for this place covered dishes in what not from the pizza loft. Also, pizza loft catered this, so another of anybody who shows up between noon and one while the noon and one last will get food out there, parking lot party. Give away it's been the wheel. They've got shirts. They've got chalk keys a bunch of crap. And I was, the people of the station, they got to bring their own weed. There's, we need for food. That's the deal here. There. Yeah. 560505050505060 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Boca, hello. Hello. Yes, man. You, about this is your Dutch at my address. Yes. Are you, you were talking about the people from the Netherlands and to the least? Yes. Well, they have Dutch passport. So they could just go to home, all of them, whenever they like. And if they have no work, they'd be the government who'll give them money and all that you see. Uh-huh. So that's that. So they can go into business for themselves. Oh, yeah. They can do whatever they like. You don't. The street corner, right? Yeah. Oh, cook, cook, bon, maltaya. That, it just, of all the things there. It's such a pleasant place as, you know, I mean, other than the crappy weather. But, kind, that just gets in my nerves. I know, much of it. Yeah. It is, it's very very annoying. And then that, I cannot believe they can kind of find a good restaurant. You know what you have to do every craft, if you have a craft. In all the craft, there's six million restaurants in the little ones. Yeah. And the ones sometimes, I look, you know, a bit dirty or something. Right. That's the best. Well, are you familiar with a Yam Yam? I heard of it. Which doesn't, which is an attenuous. You're on the outside. It looks like, uh, crap. It doesn't even look like that. Oh, but sometimes the food is the best in those crappy places. Yeah. And there are so many restaurants in all the craft that it's unbelievable. The craft? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I can get you a list, maybe, from my daughter's, she lives there. Great. And I can, uh, protect you to you. Now, what about the steakhouses? Because I'm all a little bit leery because, you know, right across the sea right across the North Sea, the, those brits. Yeah. And they got that mad guy. Yeah, exactly. I'm a little bit nervous about the meat where my come from. Yeah, you seem like touching that British meat. No, you seem not eating. Definitely not. But just try any, any of those little restaurants, oh, have French food, or can I be in food, do you name it? Don't be Dutch food because that's horrible. I know. That's so blunt. When you have to go to McDonald's, you know the local for the Indian fish. Yeah. Okay. Well, Dr. Bell. Okay. See, uh, there's my one word. Speaking of a machinery. Hello. Uh, hello. And you wondered why was not here anymore. Uh, hello. How you doing, Mike? Good. Are you? Great. So what are you doing? Well, I call to say happy 23rd anniversary. Thank you so much. Now, I didn't, I wasn't aware. I guess the, uh, once again, the people in this town, he's so called newswriters. They missed a big story that Henry Burrow stole, uh, your show. Well, something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, seriously, maybe you can explain that to me. Because I asked Henry and he kind of like, uh, danced around it a little bit. You know, if they were going to charge you, this exorbitant rate to buy the airtime, how was it that he's buying the airtime and somehow he can be on there? Is that I really don't know? I think he found a big angel somewhere. Is that it? And as far as I'm stealing anything, y'all. The capabilities, not there. I don't know. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Bouga is all I can say. Oh, I got goose bumps here. You say that. Hey, Bouga, Bouga, Bouga, Bouga, Bouga, Bouga. So what are you doing? Well, um, deliver in the Harold in the morning. And then I'll show him, I'm so in the afternoon at the corner of 36th Street in the South, 60 Highway. Yeah, hey, listen, you'd be big and I'm still at him. I already got to do this. Well, I was going to say, let's hear it grow a little. I think in your case in mind, I might be tough for this guy. Yeah, I got to go see Chuck L for your ear. Well, he's I was going to say I could get me a wig. I'll go to Charlie. All right. No, seriously, aren't you, uh, like anything in the fire? Yeah. Good. Yeah. Next one. Very soon. Great. Very soon. Can I, so can we announce it? And officially you're going to be replacing the worst team on this station starting week from Monday? Ha ha ha ha. Come on, let's start that rumor again. Mike, Renery on 2 AM. Oh, from Monday. You don't know how many people I had asked me about that. Good. And I said, yes, going to be any minute now. I like keeping those messages on their toes. Actually, I'm going to sign up on QAM and I am Z. All right. So let us know when you know what the deal, you know, when it goes down. What is it going to go down? Yeah. It'll be middle of the month. But you can't tell us where you can. I can't say where you're. No, we want to be the first to know. We'll give you a lot of publicity. Okay. Okay. I appreciate it. I like it again. Happy anniversary. Thanks a lot. 23 years in this town. It's, uh, you've got a congressional metal or something. Or a purple heart. Yeah. Correct. Thanks a lot. All right. Yeah. Mike, Renery, Jennifer Ram, Henry Barrel. Here's the Jeff Cohen with, and I see you're going to kill me again. I just came back from Amsterdam, why did not overeat. I didn't gain any weight. I didn't lose any weight. It came back exactly plus and minus zero. It's not very light. If for a first of all, you know, I can't eat that. That's the totally new cheese sauce that will send my blood sugar scar on. You know, I can't eat that. It's pasta, man. You can't eat pasta, pasta with a lot pasta. No, I'll eat it. Yeah. So what are you going to sign for the audience? This is the biggest scam going and how about some netkins? Oh, it's easy. And those fingernails again. God, I, seriously, your business would double if you'd stay away from a guy at the indoor. More people go running out of there that come in for a good meal. I see you with those damn fingernails go racing on there. Shmots. By the way, your buddy, I'll go to the in-cult moments ago. And he said you're better slow down a little bit unless you got a spare one. Oh, let's speak in that. Here's stubby. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Happy anniversary. I really don't have much material. I'm sure. Did you ever? Not much. What's it a while I come through with a gem? Anyways, happy anniversary. We're going to miss you when you're gone. Hopefully you'll recign it. I don't know. I'm not going to recign the contract. I'm going to be ready. Yeah. Make it even. There's a lot of things for more years on this goddamn place. If I can stay alive. Listen, go to Amsterdam and that apartment and do the show from there. Yeah, that's a good demand. I think that's a way to go. Anyway, so just want to say Larry and Bob are two spigs and love you, Neil. Okay. stubby. Have a great life. Don't call us again as year. Okay. There's stubby's call for the market down. Open line and power. And all three of them. Don't have no homey. I was calling in yet to say happy anniversary. Neil, 20 trace because they can't count that high. 560, 70560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Great feast down here. So like I said, noon to one if you come on buying our parking lot. You can spin for some prizes some t-shirts and other reds. That we're going to meet like one. Oh, I don't know. Dreck. You're just going to say it's right behind the role in the international building. Try next to Kentucky fried which by the way, because I'm 41. I'm 441 and 222nd trail. But at any rate, I actually ate it Kentucky fried a couple of times in Amsterdam. Took back to my hotel little bag and they have a thing called the Zinger sandwich, which is like a lightly breaded chair for me to wear that. Zinger kind of like spicy, very, very light breadings and after we're about to many carb, but like some kind of a special, uh, scored score, score, it's awesome. You had to think I had to wear a cane from. And that's too bad. Not in a ward winner, but certainly better than it. And all those goddamn McDonald's double cheese burgers with no buns. I don't care what the lady said she was very nice, but the food there was it's a bad. But hey, when you're having such a good time, who's got their time to eat? What happens when the president of a major superpower retires from often and has to say millions of dollars in legal bills and fines he takes it off and exposes the full Willie. Critics are calling the full Willie out reagent and bigger than life. The New York Times calls the full Willie. Click a bona fide crowd pleaser. Just a little neighbor gives the full Willie to thumbs way way way up your ass. Come on there, see you super, let's down the ticket. Here comes the commander and chase my ass. Oh, what the hell? With a massive full performance by the Arkansas State Trooper Dance Corps, there's no wonder GQ says the full Willie stands out in a crowd. Come to see the full Willie in two hotel rooms everywhere. It's 1131 at 5.56. You have two open lines in days and four miles any calls from four miles today. You get a lot of calls from four miles last week. George. No, oh, I just thought I would mention that we don't even know for still on the year. Speaking of that, remember that O'Jone and Provide a tour of the called about that morning guy homophobic stuff. Anything he called us to say, a bunch of bullcrack. He loves you. He was the big promoter when they took you off the air for five minutes about getting you back. I would like to do that. I was a bunch of crap. One of my best friends. What's his name? 5 670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile in four Lodderdale. Hello. Yeah. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Happy on your earth. Thank you so much. I've been listening to you since you're 18 and I'm talking to you. I hope you get they do even 30 like the other callers. You hope I get dirty. 30, go to, you know, instead of signing another contract for 30 years at least. No. Well, first thing for this, hello. I'm here. I made till last week, although George beat a great job. How many calls about the job George? Did he told me he was great? No, no, he told me he was a fancitor. He said the phones were smoking. I got a guy then 23rd anniversary show here today. I'm pumping a guy then phone numbers. See, this is what, you know, this is why I shouldn't have got on a planet come back here. Well, you know, he did an excellent show, you know, excellent, but you know, 23 years you ahead of him by 23 years. Yeah. And basically like I heard, I heard you today in the morning and I almost drove my car off. Just listen to you Neil. I mean, you're your mixer and, thanks. And God bless you, sir. Have a great day. Boy, it was pretty emotional. Open line of day one at Broward. We got the free food outside. I guarantee that they'll be lined up for the free food between noon and one catered by a friend Jeff Cohen at the pizza shop. I mean, it's quite an operation he put out there. Do you see, um, wow, the covered covered dishes with all kind of keep it hot, lasagna and ziti and pasta and sausage and all kinds of good stuff. And then spinning for us, whatever direct Sam's got to give away out there. As we want to again, you know, make a big deal. And of course, that facts I got at the beginning of the show. I'm still waiting here from that asshole in the pop at all. I know you're out there, J.E. Come out of the closets, sweetheart. 23 freaking years on the year and as time with ratings that are bigger than all of God damn rest of the thing put together. And the first thing I get is a sarcastic, caustic, hateful effect from some melt content piece of I had in the life crap from New York. When I, you know, remember they used to have the thing about the, they used garbage from New York. They used to have to find places where they could carve it away to. We don't have to worry about where to take. They took it all the Florida. All the sewage from New York. They just sworested right down to God damn Florida. Here's a mobile in a dear field beach, yellow. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you. Listen, I'm going to Amsterdam on Thursday with some friends. Yeah. If you see a San New last trip, it was, uh, we're going back to. Anybody out with do again? I mean, anything I would do again? Yeah. Yeah. I've been there quite a while. What? I miss you've been what? I've been there quite a few times. It was something different. It's you might have seen. Like what? I don't know. Any good shops, any good bars, uh, anything out of the ordinary? Well, all depends on what you're into. I mean, they got that a bar named after the famous American attorney, the cockering. The cockering? The cockering, yeah. How about rocks? You'd get a rock seat? No. That was pretty cool. Yeah. And then they got the stable master. I think you'd probably have a hell of a time there. stable master? Yeah. That's great. Yeah. I'll just make sure you address right. I have full chili. A little on a chili side. Yeah. Your freezer answer. All the way to look like it was warming up. Now that I'm going to warm up a little bit. Well, we'll have a couple of free with them. Thank you. And be sure when you go there to say, hi, it all those rots of charges of pedaling the adverbs on the side there. They're horrible. They're going to look like they're here. I mean, it looks like they never took a bat. They got that protest care and they're like, they're real grungy and they're dressed like they just came out of a dumpster. So, my coke, my, I mean, what is that? And people wonder where we'll be coming up with these racial stereotypes? What is that crap? Especially made a nightmare like this. You can start coming out of the woodwork. They're in the the Royal Noine. Yeah. I think I did something about that. Well, get them out of there. And before we next time I go back. Listen, I call my friends at Cisco Deeshberg. Yes, sir. Thank you very much. And check out the Yanny and rest around while you're there. Yanny. Yep. You got it. Not too far from central station. Listen, love to listen to you and happy anniversary. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Okay. I got down to Val. We have an open line and there's Joe Costello just came and I brought him a little thing back from Amsterdam. Little a t-shirt brought one for George one for Joe. I was thinking about you, Joe. Not too long ago. Where we going? Let's go to a, oh, look at this. Your favorite con. That was Paul Harvey Jr. Just blew up right here on the, here. I think you did that. I know you're not touching it, but even so. Now I hear that when he calls you do touch it. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound five, six, the on the AT. Call us back, Paul Harvey Jr. or not as the case may be. He said a lot of problems in his life. You know, here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary, man. Thank you so much, man. You since 1976. Oh, my God. Yeah. One, two, three. I'm sorry. I just want to say I was a, this for all your listeners. I am at third generation Florida in. Warner raise. My grandfather came to my, I'm a, in 1911. My, I'm a work for Flagler. Any, he went down on, he would work for the railroad. And he went down there and I heard came to 35. And they're, uh, the storm at 35 to the keys to pick up the, the World War I veterans that were working down there and he never made it back. The train was found 100 yards away from the tracks. And even the saw grass was in disturbed. Oh, my God. And as a kid growing up in my, and Kendall, we lived at 68, 51 Southwest 90, forestry, we used to go out and get our own Christmas trees. In 1958, this before the Cubans came and the only Cubans we knew were, were, they, they were gardeners. Yeah. It's all there were with gardeners. Well, they know how to remember the first number of good seeds across from the storm barbecue. Yeah. There was a, the first burger king that ever went up. It was in 1958. My dad bought stock in it. I got, and he, uh, is, and went on and on. But the thing is, the, the, the, the big Mac was 35 cents. Yeah. Uh, and there was no, there was no drive through. You just walked in and we're all, yeah. There were all white. Yeah. No, I said, and Neil, you get a little white people here at a more serious. This is it. No more white. And the French prize was 10 cents. Yeah. And you can't turn the clock back, but you got to get your hand. You got to get over the old hip hop. I got to go over it. And I'll tell you, I, I, I missed my Emma. I'm up in West Palm Beach. I'm a butler and, uh, and, uh, for a family, it's a treat. Oh, wait, right. This isn't, this isn't the crazy butler that calls us every now and then. Yeah. Okay. We have an open line of day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the, uh, he, well, he was actually, I mean, who was terminal, but he was almost the co-herit there for, uh, the two or three minutes seem like what only an hour he was on. Must have only been a second drink. This is your home, the voice of the Toronto Maple Angel. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. I've been a little, Debbie Kahn for, um, got you five to six years. And, uh, I've watched the morning show, involved and everything. I have a problem when taking my kids to school and thinking commercial for, uh, for the guy that covers her, who's nasty, nasty things. And there's no warning. It just splurps out, you know, f*** you and, and you can hear the bleep, you can hear the f***, you know, and you can hear the ventaminase voice and, and you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio, clicking up. Now, I heard, you know, I had a problem again the other day. I can't explain that stuff to my kids. I've been listening to the station for a long time. And I think you're ruining it, like infiltrating it with his nasty language. And, uh, I don't know what I can do with, uh, I just thought I better call you know, and tell you, it's different when Hank, if Hank calls someone a son of a bitch and just heard, you guy act like a son of a bitch. Hey, stupid. There's a reason for it. But the other guy with his fart and his fall and if the lady curses his looting, their first team. And, um, I think Joe Rosh had stand up and, uh, and, and get this all, pick off his program. There's a lot of people like me that, um, that are, you know, have children and, uh, and I just don't like you or someone say, pissed off on my way to work. Pist off, gets me fired up when I hear someone say that. And, and I don't think it's appropriate. If you're going to have to announce it on the program in the middle of your day, leave it there. To make the other program, it's, it's, it's, it's mean to us in it, and it really is full of my intelligence and, you know, that's not clear. I don't know what is. I'll talk to you later. Okay, thank you. It's 145 and 550. You have a so by the way, next door to our building here at QAM. We've got, uh, condo commando's. Oh, I, and it's big building. Of course they're looking out to win those with their binoculars. They're starting to do the South Beach shuffle. That they managed to bring up the north-aid. They're doing a shuffle and they're taking a look. There's food out there with free food as said. Oh, yeah. Well, guess what? We're poisoning anybody over the age of 100. We're poisoning that a special batch that Jeff put in the corner over there off to the side for the old parts. Oh, yeah. Got something special in there for you. No extra charge by the way. Okay. Stay the hell away from our food. If you have to gum, if you have to gum your food, this is not for you. So stay the hell away. So the staff is enjoying it out there. They're having a good look for it. This is one of the benefits of my being here like at QAM said. Is it, you know, it's like being like the big cow that the insect speed off of. In fact, every time I come in to build the order is the big cow. Until Booguts will big. Two open lines a day. Five say, by the way, thanks to Joe Costello, Brie's me and I said, in reverse, we card that's two. Plus the little card in the thing here from the station. That's three. Oh. I'm waiting in the Tom Jika calling yet. No. The second graduation is my good close bald personal friend Tom Jika who's oblivious to anything that I do in his time. See if Howard does it. And Howard's doing great. Howard's got millions of dollars. He's in a class by himself. He literally doesn't boring show these days. But if Howard does something right away, because he's one of those, you know, one of those media maggots. And like I've told you the last couple of months, life has got nothing to do with talent. It's got nothing to do with anything. It's got to do with one word, H Y P E, baby. That is 99% hype and 1% ability. That's what it's all about. Speaking of that. Hello. Yes, sir. It's a shame. What happened to your phone? I don't know. Well, that was shot. You said it blew up, but I could still hear you on the other line. Well, it blew. Like most of your calls, it blew. Listen, that recording you had what was at about the guy talking about you coming on the promo. Yeah, that's an old one. Oh, is it? Uh-huh. Okay. Well, you're slipping, man. Don't you remember? No, I told from a festival. You know, seriously, we've played out all the time where he says, pissed off. It's me fired up when I hear someone say that. I have never heard that. Well, there you go. I have never. You know, I've been with you for almost 20 years. Yeah, in fact, they put an asterisk next to my achievements in the market. They put an asterisk next to with instances in spite of Paul Harvey, Jr., he still stayed on here. You know, I threw it right into the way. Calls. I was through trying to save you with all of our 112. So I can get out of your golf water surgery. Trying to help you collect your money from Stan. Yeah. Yeah. How stand to him by the money? But he's seen him like me. No, I've seen my two grand. He's still a me money. You know, something I could probably retire. I could this could be a going away show today. If I had my money and the interest on the money that I gave to Stan, made you what was it about 100 years ago, I could probably retire right now. Cheap prick. Seriously, what kind of a deal was that? You borrow 2000 and desperation. You send your who now is X, Y over to somebody's house. Oh, you're in it. They got divorced. Oh, yeah. What did that happen? Month ago. I had no idea. Uh-huh. And how many children did he get? In fact, why don't why don't we give Paul Harvey Jr. stands on number. I think he needs somebody to talk to these days. I have it. I couldn't give it out of the air. No, don't do it. Nobody wants to talk to Stan. We heard that show. Believe me. It's going to be great to hear an airy back on the air. Isn't that interesting? Oh, I was. We've already got more radio information. That is not even noon yet on a show today than the so-called columnist that we got in this town. We're busy writing about some network TV show crap that we already got more info out there. I'm writing a whole list and happy anniversary. Have a good day. Pretty week. I mean, I'm a who's an active god that he got cut off the first time. So how about that Roger Ebert should he have been the one to go? No, come on. Get with it. Not Gene Cisco. Good guy and Jewish two by the way. Like I said too many dying Jews out there. I mean, there's already enough going around like the Roger Ebert. Who needs him? That show is already in the toilet without Gene Cisco. Open line of day five six seven five sixty. What happened here? Why was gone? Did anything happen here of consequence? No. Anything at all? Every time I go away out of the case, whether it's nine days, 10 days, whatever it is, I come back. What did I miss? Anything? No. Man. Here's a lady mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, how are you? Hello. We're at the anniversary. Thank you. Long time call it for a time. Long time let's the first time call or can't even talk. I'm so nervous. I want to tell you that George did a very tough job while you were away. A very what? Lucky job. Oh, lucky job. He's talking about sex, which I am not, but I don't want to hear about him. Can we? Talking about sex. He had a whole day talking about them. Did he not? Did he call from the spits? He got a few. He had one at one. He had one at one. He has one to get call. I can't get no calls from spits. They're all the things but they won't speak to me. It takes one to no one. So they listen and they talk to him. He talks about how he's in American spec and he went on and on and on. It's just like too much topic stuff. He's like and his voice. It's enough. It's just done. One of the reasons I had such a good time in Amsterdam and spread of the crappy weather. I didn't hear one word of espondial and there were no spits. I don't want that to sound. I wanted to sound exactly what it was. It was an ice-free pre-free. There were an anus who's like that back to Miami International and walked out of the airport. He thought that was like a topic of the day that and sad people. Yeah. That's how people sad women. Fag women? Fag. Bullby. Fag. I don't think he dared to talk about the fact. I don't care. I see a he had lots of calls here last week. He these phones were smoking all week long. I don't know but boring stuff. Very boring. I'm glad you're back. Okay, well thanks for not going to pick me up. I want to call my husband, PowerHungry to Spag. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. She loves you George. We have an open line of day to listen to her. I'm about all fat people, not just fat. She'll be different. She is giving her opinion. She thinks this shows you. Did suck. I'm sure they were fine. I'm sure she's done. There are people listening to my show today with things that this shows suck. This show. How say that again? Well, I'm eating no. Okay. I'm not paying that much attention. Okay. So I have a notice. It's my anniversary. I'm having a nice free lunch here. Everybody's putting on this big act. They love me today. Even I can't look when I never see. I never see any of these people. They're right upstairs. All he's here at night. That's his excuse. Never see any of these bastards. But even he made the effort to call in. They're recognizing major accomplishment. 23 years on a year in his market. Nonstop except for seven of the best months of my life when buddy Buds said, hey, here you go. Here's some money. Go away, please. And I said, okay. Okay. But you know something. It's just like this vacation I just had. Everything is like a dream. You know what I'm saying? It's like a snap of the fingers. Even at seven months with all my trips all over the place, the Vegas and Europe and wherever. Before you know what it just zips right on by it, it's gone. It's just like a distant memory. So grab it and squeeze it while you can. Oh, we got all the pains in the answer today. Jeff Moss. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay. So I'm going to have to thank you so much. I figured I'd get my one call in this year. Yeah. I just wanted to make George George to the great job last week. I don't know what that bitch was talking about. He was great. How are you offended? I don't know. He did the great every time I call every time I was listening at the end of each side. I'd like to give out the phone number. But there were no phone lines open. So listen. I don't know. I got one open line right now. It's my anniversary show. It's my goddamn show. He goes on there. It's every line lit up all week long. And this bitch calls here in his been out of shape. And he's complaining about ownership. I don't know Neil. I just wanted to tell you happy 23rd. I think you're great. You make the he's the pain here, Neil. He's the pain. I have one card for you. Yeah. Michael Russo. That's your. Okay. Thanks, Jeff. That's my phone technique there. How is that, Jeff? To open line today. So the spits were calling it. That's why he had the phone lit up. Cool. It was a sick day, sure. To that was written. We're going to have a number about what. You were ripping my friend's spits out there. We need those people. And they've been specifically. We need the Cuban's badly desperately. We need the Cuban five six seven, five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18th he wireless line. How come we haven't had one dark, complexed caller today? Tell me about the CNS bed. Because now I'm confusing now I'm beginning to understand. I'm a little bit slow. I'm beginning to understand why there's this tremendous resentment between black Americans, which I will not use the word African American, because there's no such guy damn thing that American black people who are like born here and many of the island people. And I've been telling you also for years. I don't know why any of you ever want to go to a vacation in the Bahamas or any islands. Because I know the one time I went to the Bahamas and we drove through Nasa. It was all those kind of people that I'm just describing you the 100 of them or so that I saw an Amsterdam last nine days. All the roster people out there trying to push their drugs on everybody on the streets. I mean if you want to get good drugs, you don't have to go to the islands to do that. But how come so in some beginning to understand the tremendous resentment that exists? Because if I was like a reasonable, civilized, hard-working, black person trying to scrape my way through who had a reasonable education, released made an effort and tried to get my kids educated. I would resent the stereotypes that are created by the scum that walk out there on the street. Crocodile. I mean, this is garbage. Swill. You will look at these people and say, Jesus Christ, no wonder there's so few barbers in this town. Get you a haircut, get something, get a life. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you. I want to thank you for something that you had done for me a couple years back with Jivin Nicole. I was doing the overnight trip to the light bulb and someone had called in a fire report saying I was putting you down in this and you which wasn't true. Yeah. And you promoted the show and I want to thank you for what people don't realize that you promote a lot of people that start out with me. I promote everybody on here in this town. Not paranoid. I'm not terrified. I'm not a child like these other people that I want to introduce to the callers. I mean, you know, more power to everybody. I'm all for the talent. The man is in charge for that. The man is making drop dead but the talent. Seriously, you know what? I'm talking about you. I'm going to be honest. What I have to thank you for that because that was very class and I appreciate it. Who is this? My name is Jeff. I was doing a show with J Allen overnight to the depot. The first go around with talk and my robbers was there. Right. A long time ago. Right. And then that was the B.S. that was before Steve. Before Steve. Right. Then I came into the studio to film a spot you were on a weight loss program. We were doing a spot for health. We could keep you show on Saturdays. And you were kind enough before I was on show for health week. Wow. Well, you were talking about drop dead promo. I forgot what you were on at the time. And you were speaking in as a, as a, uh, those person for that. You were very nice to let a set up the cameras and suction and with the heck being this going on. I just wanted to thank you for giving me a piece of that and for, you know, giving so much joy over the years listening to radio and letting me be a small part of it. Thanks, Jeff. Thank you, sir. See ya. Bye. Okay. There's Jeff though. Who used to be on the light bulb. Whoever he is. He's a good guy. He at least cared enough to send his very best which most of them do not. Two open lines in Brart. Do we have a call from Steve Kenya today, by the way? No. The congratulating me on my 20, which I'm the only guy that promoted his show. And I may believe states that he's on 1470 or whatever it is. Did he call in today say, uh, happy 23 years on a year? No. No. No. No. He's probably occupied. No. It's probably busy. Got a nice gift here from my good friend Norm can who's recuperating in Brart general, by the way, he's going through a tough time. We're all thinking about Norm. Get better soon Norm. You know how they are in this joint, okay? Better not mess around. The minute that they know that you return to you sick or that there's something in the, you know, that you're a little bit defenseless. I mean today, you know, they put on a good act with the bash, getting the big party outside. Just wait till tomorrow. It'll be right back to business as usual here. My back is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls. I don't even have enough to fact us, world. I tried to get loathing and take my love jeans, but it's okay. I don't get no bigger than a guy off the. There's nothing I can do. I only got a 3-inch tool. You'll be disappointed when we reach by house, but you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse. If they know big Mac or like a happy meal, you get more satisfaction from your high heels. You'll swear I would be enough to, because I only got a 3-inch tool. Tom, Tom, Dad, Dad, I wonder if they will ever grow. You call that a snack? Yes, I was a homosexual. I couldn't even push in your tool. It looks like there's a peanut with a peanut. It got capillaries instead of veins by the gut circulation with a thinking brain. For Halloween I tried to light up up a little wind. It's in a suction tube. Because I only got a 3-inch tool. Even with a metric rule. I only got a 3-inch tool. Tell them, Dad. You got a 3-inch tool. I'm a little baby. You got a 3-inch tool. Something you're hiding. You got a 3-inch tool. You're probably not one of the things. You got a 3-inch tool. I can only find a 3-inch tool. Probably 4-5-6 to kill. I'm a locker player. I'm gonna say, okay, yeah. All right, George is doing healing. Oh, I don't want to go to the hospital. Anniversary take they got. 23 more years at QA. Amateurs on there? No. Thanks a lot. 23 more days, maybe. Okay, we got two open lines at Browards. I have a big 23-d anniversary show. Have we heard from Tom Jick at a day yet? No. Terry Jackson at the Harold. No. Any of our, I'm about Ellie Brecker. We heard from Ellie yet? No. See, there's nothing in this town as an event. The given idea. I just looked at the parking lot because this hour is the free food hour catered by the peach-alot. Oh, Jake. And we had one old couple standing out there sucking up free food. He's not gonna put that cake there, is he? Yes. Are you starting to nose in again? Just because you did a few shows here in all of the way and you got great review videos. You're doing it on board. If you didn't in more of that cake. That's right. So you better say, hey, that looks like just like your size that cake. Welcome up down. Yeah, that's right. And so are you. Thank you, Doug. Here's a candle. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you. I really enjoyed the presentation. I'm glad to be on the inside. Audience, there's still in the coma. I don't know what that woman was talking about. George was fantastic last week. It'd be up. But, you know, if everybody called in in sucked ass, wouldn't that be pretty boring? There's nothing worse to be boring. I enjoy when people call in RIP the hell on a me. RIP the crap on a George. That's what makes it fun even if they're just making it up. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, there's nothing worse than a boring suck first. Well, listen, managed was absolutely just talking you up yesterday. Yeah, it was fantastic. Always love managed. There's a real talent for it right there. There's a real genuine guy. At least every half hour, every hour on the hour, he was like in the Pemarth, Neil 23. I used his arm on and on and on. Yeah, wow. Great. I really enjoyed listening to the video today. It was great. I'm sure he's going to call you. But I just don't miss. How do we get there to see you? I don't know where you are. How do you get where? I don't know. I want to come up and join the party. You don't come up here. Where are you? Huh? No, in the parking lot. In the parking lot, we're on the 441. Like, like about a half a mile north of Ivory Road, it's two two-o-second trail is the street. Right RIP, Jiffy Loub, and there's a tar kingdom and there's a stoplight there. And we're the big white building. Well, you'll see the whole deal out there. You'll see the QM fans and the balloons and dumbest Sam. I mean, the sand of the shandard. Thanks for everything, Neil. Okay. Thank you, sir. Have a great day. Yeah, they're not some free food. I want to spin for some prizes, I think. Let's get to the activity going out here for Christ's takes. Let me go take a look. We got to the staff. I got all the free food. There's nobody on it. Hey, this is party time in Miami, baby. What a dead God damn place. If it was me, well, not me because I can afford my own God damn meals. And I can get free food at the pizza loss. But I'm saying, if I'm the average listener, she'll let her out there. I'd be taking off from work saying, hey, I'll see you later. Baby, I'm going to the track. I'm going somewhere. I'd be a high-tailing right over here for the free food down there. It's what I would be doing right in the parking lot. Maybe it'll just take them one. Maybe there's a little on the slow side. Just a little slow. Here's a lady in Miami Beach. Hello. Lady in Miami, like I said, maybe they're a little slow. Hello. Yeah, I want to congratulate the stations for having you. I'm not sucking as your your comic team, you know, she really are. So, and George did great. But you are, you are one of a kind. And you, you just tell things as they are. The facility is gone. There are more on just the brain damage. And I told I was telling George his story, but the fire alarm went off. Yeah. All right, I was in the quarter part, a third part of the bus. And the bus driver, an elderly gentleman, was playing Monica's vagina. And you could hear these words so precisely. Yeah. And no one, I'm in the first third, they didn't hear it. It was, I'm not, my hearing isn't that great. And the bus driver was playing with Monica's vagina. Well, he was playing and then I went up there and said, they're not, they don't hear it. I mean, they hear it and they're not, they draw lines against the band. So, land of the dead and you, you're alive in the land of the dead and I love you, show new. Thanks, we'd already. Yeah, have a good day. Okay, when the child, okay. We have an open line of day one at Broward. Five, well, it's after noon, all right. It's Monday. You're allowed. You're permitted one or two pops their round noon times. Especially the start the week. You got to get a few pops to start the week. Then you're celebrate to end the week. And then over the weekend, of course, all weekend pop pop, baby. That's what it's all about. Pop pop pop pop. In fact, there's a mind pop, but kettle, I think, out there in the parking lot, sucking up to your free food out there. Well, let's get some action out there. Let's show Jeff Cohen that it was worthwhile. He went through an elaborate song at a dance to set up all that free good stuff out there. Didn't they? No. Well, he said he did. See where are the exploding balls. I have a sticker button. Stick it all in a bow baby. It's time with a little wings spoon. Makes it a couple flyers. You're the Indian soon. Say, I'm about to have a scene. My balls are big and salty and brown. Okay. You haven't either quit. Bit me up. Just dig my balls in your mouth. Ooh. That's got my chocolate. That's got a good ball. Stick it on your mouth. That's got me. That's got my chocolate. That's got a ball. They're fast for no vitamins and good for you. So, that's what my balls. ornamental moments. This is the only thing I want to see if I'm giving up for the lead. Then you don't have to have a dream I broke that big of a dream. No, if you ever need a thing, pick me up and just get my power in your mouth. That's all my job. Lift up your ball. Put him in your mouth and suck him. Stop coming up, just lift up his ball. Just back to the real good man. I invite him. Hey, wait a minute. Who's that smear? It's not like something, man. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'll give you back in the kitchen. I'll give you back in the kitchen. Oh, man, baby. Baby, baby, you just burn my bow. You got me with my body, don't worry. You just burn my bow. Come on, you liar. You just want to push my arm. Come on, you fight with me. No, I'm going to do that. I'm not going to do that. You just burn my bow. And you got me. Ooh, suck on my job. Lift up your ball. Put him in your mouth and suck him. Don't worry. Just suck on my job. Lift up your ball. Come on, baby. Blow. Oh, suck on my bow. Hey, hey. So suck on my bow. Baby. So suck on my. Lift up your ball. Come on, baby. Whoa. Whoa. Come on, mom. You know, just dog. I mean, how do you know that? You're welcome. We're mad to remember that it was my anniversary. We've been telling you that. What is it? It's a toughest on everybody. Oh, toughest on everybody. Who's around sucking around? Or at least part of that. We have an open line of Broward 560, 560, 560 animal. Didn't hear from Jelney today. Didn't have to be anniversary. Huh? Did we hear from Jelney? No. Default? No. He said it on you. Who did? Default. Well, default, men. Did Jelney say it? No. Open line of Broward 560, 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. Hank will be along from the Schultel Estate to the day to a climb. We got big fat, boog, shambi, six o'clock tonight. Big gigantic fat oozing with the Sennily boog, shambi. And it's 10 o'clock at the capital. And a capital called in today. Which is the nice thing of him to do especially sorely before his, our, our, our, getting up time. I would think on a day when the track is closed. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hey, happy. I have an anniversary. Neil. Thank you, sir. The listeners see some days on INZ or night on INZ. Yeah. And as for George Blath, we could get a great job. I don't care what anyone said. You did a great job. And I was curious. When you go to Amsterdam, what's the price is like there? Because you were talking about Martin there. And how, during Christmas, you can get those 199 rounds trip. I'm thinking about going 99. I don't think I think it was like 299 or 399. So I called him. It was 299. Yeah. Around trip. Around trip. And you've got to go for it. I'm telling you, it's not that Martin there is like a half a step. They fly 767's, which are just comfortable 747. But you know, so you have a little bit less legroom. But they do a really good job. Well, what's the price is like there like the red light district. Because it is a really expensive or. For what? Like a blow job. Well, yeah, whatever you want to do. Or answer me with the prices are in a red light district. Sure. Not that much. No, you can't afford it. Even a slipper like you can afford it. Okay. One more thing. You got a good head on your shoulders. How do you think of the game Toronto patterns? I didn't see it. I read about it. I see the least stuck at home for the one right there in the air. Canada center. Which they couldn't. They couldn't get it past the noise for nothing. Yeah. And then after that, Toronto was looking really good. Leaves are where they're the leaps are only like one point out of the first place in the conference. Now they got 73 points. Everybody was waiting for them to fold up like an accordion in the fall. And they're on the feet in the air. Canada center. And they're taking on the best teams in league. They're of their beaten them and tying them in. They're doing great. I've got a question. Can I throw you a curve? Yes, sir. Did you. Did you ever keep that jar of river. Can you. Did I ever keep a jar of river's penis? Yeah. Remember that WINC somebody nailed it to you and you opened up the box. And the brood was there. And it was a jar which. And I said river penis on it. Oh, yeah. I do remember that. Did you keep it? I saw it. I saw it in Amsterdam. All right. Happy anniversary. I'm having a great day, sir. Love your show. Well, thank you. I did. I looked at it and I said, hey, that's river's penis. He's feeling the good. At least the part of Mr. Alive is like a worm. You know, you can't kill it. You keep chopping it up. Let's see how quick we'll roll him around. We have an open line in Brower at five six seven whole five sixty, and this business about Clinton and the rape now they just can't stop. They just all of a sudden out. Unless a couple of months, this bitch remember the 20 years ago he allegedly raped her, and they just got to keep squeezing in it. And this week with a monocost of on and on and on with Bob well, while one in this morning, I'm channel surfing as usually I do in the morning before coming to work in agocross MSNBC and I'm a start to the second time I channel served he was on with a friend. I mean you talk about here's a guy that's on national television. It's making millions of dollars that Dan rather than everybody in her brother sucks his ass. That's not being a real talent stop being a funny guy. I just did that every day for four hours would be more entertained than talking to brother Fred on the goddamn phone about how things are on the goddamn ranch. Jesus, God, come on I'm man, what ever had you or they're calling it this week and talk about a suckhold. You know that news guy that he's got the guy with a beard. Who's a good news guy. Although stop and think about it. Could he write any news? No. Because he you never see him away from that spot. He sits there. He's the banana on that show. So somebody else must be writing his news from because he the only time you see him doing anything that has to do with those. He's sitting reading the newspapers. When I was going to one of his brief comments there for like 30 or 40 cents he's reading the newspaper. Maybe that's where he gets to this. It could be. He's reading out of the newspaper. He had to be against business. Oh, just ask him. He burrow. He'll tell you. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I've been a grocery. Thank you. I think we'll be a good time today. That's the reason you should stop the comparisons for Stern. Comparingations by whom? A lot of people. They'd call you up. There isn't anybody that you've mentioned the first one. Well I'm talking about the past. Yeah. Before you took your vacation. Uh-huh. Because they're both different. Kind of humour. Yeah. Your both Jews. Radio Talk Show. Yeah. Would big knows is. Yeah. Well in his there's a lot more sexual How did I know? How did I know that that was one of your friends? We have an open line of... I don't know and it doesn't make any difference. It's just stupid. It's just a stupid idiot. I expect that's all. With nothing to say. See, that's that's a big part of the problem. It's down on the other world. It's got the balls to tell you that. Is that we've got a whole we've got big chunks. Not just a chunk, but we have big chunks. In this audience, in a deliverance time, they take up space in this time and they have nothing. They have nothing to contribute. They got nothing to say. They got nothing on their mind. They got no life. And there's one of them right there. As soon as he started with the Howard, the moment he did, I knew exactly where it was going. In the old rapper. Here's the lady in heaven, sure. Hello. Yes, man. First thanks for this exciting bit I just heard in my ear that was cute. And I wanted to wish you a very healthy happy 23rd anniversary. Thank you. And also I think you might want to know. I live in Hyno Park, Illinois. Really? And there is nobody there. Hyno Park or Chicago, they can compare with you. Even in sister role, there's nobody like me. No, but not even in homewood. Yeah. But nowhere anywhere around. And so born, so I have to come here for four months every year just to get away and listen to you. I don't blame you. And I love you. But you know, since Joe Marston, you turned to 100 years old, Chicago has never been the same again. You know, have a great day sweetheart. Thank you. Thanks for having me. To open lines today, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, and the mobile one line is anybody ever going to call and tell us what all stupid means. And there is such a word God. And I think it's like, Praggle and it's kind of like, there you go. Like, air. Yeah. Okay. Huh? And why did I ask the kind of plan yesterday of all the things I asked him about, how is it there and about all different kinds of things. And everything under the world, I discussed with his very interesting guy on the plane. All of these things except I'll split and this was a guy who by the way spoke for languages, importantly. And it's commonplace all over Europe. I mean, even the Schlepper's three languages, four, five languages, like they got a brain. And I understand by the way, Madonna of whom I know fan is, you know, but you got into a big flap while I was gone because you opened up from Alphine told the truth. She said Europeans happen to be a lot more intelligent and a lot less uptight. And back here, they got all bent out of shape. I mean, what a concept. How that she had the go. Goal to tell you a truth. About. Autotty, sting. Right. Well, it was there. I figured why not use it again. Huh? I mean, Neil. Autotty, sting. Yeah. We got this stuff here. Let's use it. He's an answer. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Let's use it for four hours. That's still what it's all about. How's that party coming by the way, Neil? Oh, it's all going on. It's all going on. You know, people are starving and Jeff Cohen went to all that effort to put all that feast together. Right there. Of course, this staff will make sure that none of it goes to waste. You know that. Huh? Especially Sam. That's why Sam took a personal interest in being involved in that big good doing out there. So we can stuff his fat piece. It works for lorsians and the baskets. Well real? He won't fall down. But anyways. The Barcelona � kults down. He won't fall down. He won't fall down. But again, don't peek, there's the down point again. Don't staff or go to keep the down. He's trying to walk his ring. He's trying to walk his ring. He needed Hunter's ring to get her in the case. He tells her that I really makes him feel good. He doesn't know what the hell he's already got for. There's no way boy, no way boy, I need joy. He won't go down. He's up against Janab and go to Gates and down. He won't go down. He's up again. Janab and go to Gates and down. He won't go down. But he's up against Janab and go to keep them down. He won't go down. But he's talking about losing the man. He's talking about, let's go. I look at him when they'll just go to C-Cuz they'd be out there to have free anniversary party bash. And it's like four people on the run and got one of those how many of them more care. Like I said, there's like three people on the run. I think one of them is Sam. And that's it. They better invite the rest of the building then. They already been there. In fact, you know something probably there were a lot of people came by and they're, oh sorry, it's all gone. Staff already had lunch. The same ones. I'll guarantee that there are assholes upstairs on the third floor, which I could put a period after that. I guarantee that some of those people up there who hate me like poison not to mention any names. Who probably were out there eating that suckin up the free food? Like some of the same people are went to the ratings party that, you know, the new Rogers rating party that he didn't attend. So I hope you enjoyed it. Okay. I'll be enjoying it. Have some water with it. Hello. Hello. Yes. Your Rogers. Robin Stephanie. Robin Stephanie. Robin. Robin. Robin. Robin. Robin. Robin. Where are those names come from? Stephanie. It's like a double whammy. Yeah. When you still got it, you know, I thought you were going to be more. Are you used to got a juggle? You're Stephanie? Yeah. I'm still plugging away. If you got your lips plugged in there. That's the screen, if you will. Yeah. We missed you big time. I thought your lips were stuck to Rob's spectrum. I thought I always used to say, I like the old. I was just a little bit scared. I was just a spiritual person. You know, crap like that. Which really made me listen to closet. Yeah. I'll try. This is a good thing. I leave when. You know how you ignore that. Yeah. And what are you doing now, Rob? I'm working from home. I'm a housewife. What did I tell you? What did I tell you? He's a housewife. I don't know. I don't know. I need to put a little apron on here. A little apron in my bib. You uncovered the secret? I know it. I'm telling. I couldn't be happier. I stood at home. I didn't see anything. She supports me. I understand. I would stand over there at Wami working her lips off. You would know David from Wami. I kind of like a chumming. Yes. It's fucking my lips. They're busted. So what's going on? I got my money out of those bastards by the way. Oh, you did. I heard there was a few issues. Once I left the scene, they kind of just dropped me off. Yeah. And most of them, because you left there. Rob, that's what they stopped him. Oh, yeah. Well, we don't have that book rub that come in here and make sure that we pay nearly every week. Got all my money out of them up front. Okay, right through the end of May. I'm telling you, they're hurting for cash. That's the fact. Good. But I don't have a certain, I was channel surfing last night a little bit and came very quickly across them. They were running PSA in the middle of other sunny night programming. And I said, yeah. Oh, man. I love this. Well, I hope you're well, at least. I'm doing good. I'm doing good. I'm actually producing for a universal television. Yeah. I think he's being trained very well. And so we're whanmy. She loves whammy. Everybody that puts out over there gets treated real good out here. Yeah. That's why you're out. You gotta put that to the right people. Mm-hmm. That wasn't willing to. That's why Barry Dillard said you're out. I'm out. I'm out. Okay. Well, good luck, guys. Well, thanks, see you all. Okay. Thanks a lot. And put your hands on. Yeah, joy to the greatest. Bye. Boy. Ha ha ha. Oh, my God. The whammy twins. What do you think there were really trying to say there, huh? I have no life. Yeah. Open line in date county. Five, six, seven. And we heard from Tom Jicka. Yeah. And we heard from anybody in the media. See, this way they can pretend, oh, well, we didn't write nothing about it. Cause we didn't forgot, you know, how are we supposed to know? We didn't happen to listen to me. Only it always been on vacation. They never say what he's going back. Right. They didn't know that March the first is the magical day when Neil Rogers came to Tom March, first 1976 on the old WKAT. And if you push me real hard, I'll tell you that boring story again about how. Our premier wind up by his father-in-law bind his station. Which I won't tell again because I've told the date million times. The big news today, Mike Rinery starts next month of the station nearby you. We don't know which station, but you'll hear a first right here on his show. Oh. Because we wish Mike and his bottle. That's not what the best of luck. Okay. Here's the guy that's been. I mean, never stole a freight train. He was a good guy. Kept his nose clean. Showed up there really early in the morning. Went slouching out of there right at 10 o'clock on the nose every day. Didn't stay around making trouble. Like some people do. Not to mention this place. See, let me just tell you, I've told you this many, many times before no matter what kind of business you're in. But when people show up way, way before and especially when they stay way after their working time is done. Those are the trouble makers. Those are people that are being conscientious. Those are people who are trouble makers. People who are yentas. People who are major major. Disurber is what they are. Just like the people we got that hang around on the stoop outside here. And I underlined the stoop part. Mostly female, by the way. Here's Western. Hello. New. Yes sir. Hey. Great. Congratulations on a wonderful. Is it 23 years? 23. Vintage race. Well, you have done for this town in just two years. Would he clicked any of the other media and television and radio personalities in a lifetime? Absolutely correct sir. Thank you very much. By the way, where are you over the or your vacation? Amsterdam. You were an Amsterdam? Amsterdam. Did you have a wonderful time? Yes. I mean, my daughter's off from school today. Yeah. And I've been telling her about this wonderful, big, big, big, big. You're going to make a request that my anniversary. Come on. It's just a joke. Just relax. How do you people are so upset? I've got to bust some of these in this town. I'll feed you guys. You would go nuts. Okay. Thank you, dog. Have a great day. Yeah. Dought her likely story. You traced the call. Then sound old enough to have a 18 year old daughter. We have an open line of day one in Broward. 560 and 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Well, she said she was 18. Was that it? Yes. What was new? Huh? It's a new rejoin. We don't know. He's a cramp. How it places the lotion in the past. This is Kevin. Hello, hi, Jeremy. I'm reducing the gelage from operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And there's wondering if it's some tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation does not have the best surgery case. There's all of these things. Mm-hmm. And there's wondering. Oh, you like to stir it? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. The name of the baby would be the right way. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet? Mommy. Extra surgery? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works for the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the lip augmentation that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that we'll only see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works for the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point, man? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I'd like to know what's in the basket. I understand. It was the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the... It was the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make it a point, man? You want to call me back? Yeah. I got my skin suit in the basket. I got my skin suit in the basket. Uh, Bill. It works for the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make it a point, man? It works for the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. Okay. It works for the lotion in the basket. Hello. I'm not going to mention that on the year by the way. I just thought about that for a second. Would not be a good idea. So Hank is here. Hank came all the way over here. I got up to the Allower and District to Ismey Happy anniversary. And lost 30 pounds. It looks pretty damn good. Wait a minute. Wait over here. Yeah. You understand why we had this microphone by the way? Speaking to it. The only reason that we had this microphone is because they needed this studio for two moreings during the big change over. With a morning show. Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah. We never had a guest. The change over. Yeah. That was fun. That was fun. You could write a book about that week. 23 years. Yeah. Were KAT was worth starting? Yes. You and Sid Levent. Sid Levent, Bill Colter. Are good friend Larry King. Some lobbyists once described Sid as being a perfect Sid Levent. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I love looking at this. What did you do? Can you see him? Can you see him? Look at how he punched up there. I can't believe it. Here's Bob Green and my close personal friend Cheryl. He didn't fire me by the way. It wasn't him. No, it was working. We did it. Well, he always liked it. Both of us a lot. That's what he told me. Cheryl. It's fantastic. Well, she can I say anything. Whatever happened with that situation. Oh, okay. Oh, she's still going on. Oh, she's still going to be a lot with some multi-manyners. What if you do it? You do it. No, Cheryl. Oh, she is. What some old zoo would a lot of money. Not old. But he is Jewish. Well, one out of two ain't bad. Okay. This is, oh, yeah, I'm trying to punch. I can't do this and have your mic open at the same time. Is that beautiful or what? Because then we got like a little Mickey Mouse situation going on here. Anyway, I just wanted to wish you the best. Thanks, Hank. Good to be with you. You're with you. I got a book. I'm going to bring you by the way. Dr. Do I dare say diabetes on here to why they're saying it? Yeah. Dr. What does it name in that book? George. Somebody's one. The diabetes book. Hey, what is that? The solution diabetes. So I'm going to break it down. And believe me, this is like the Atkins only we find this man as a genius. That's what I'm on. We find it's Dr. Agustin over. Man's sign. I came up with this diet. It's a book. It's a burgeon. It's great for if you have to do this. Yeah. So it's no, they just took the guy in. Cake out of here. Okay. I'm going to show her's free food. There you go. Have a good time. See all of that. Bob and Cheryl from IOD in here. astonishing man. Oh man. It goes to show you. I hate that stage. And I was trying to do was we have an open line of day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Party day we had like five or six to the losers out there in a parking lot. Slepping for free food. Or I think Bob and Cheryl may have been two of them. Okay. Where are we going now? Cheryl. She don't need any free food. She's loaded now. Just remember us sweetheart. Just remember us. One times get really tough. Like in a couple of weeks. Here's Tamara. Hello. Tamara. How about a few pressed the button. Stupid. Tamara. Hello there. Yes sir. Welcome back. And a happy anniversary. I think my finger got worn out at unspeathable. Not you're doing what but I'm working to get it. Welcome back. Thank you. As far as made cow disease could go. You're usually figure for Americans. We're going to give you some horse meat which may be safer. Yeah. This still gets in France. It's a sport to go. It's spread from England and it's getting no press in this country. But it's so you got to be careful with it. Yeah. A lot of things. Well, you're not going to tell you when you're an Amsterdam. You got to be real. Choose about what meat you put in your mouth. Let us speak. Yes. George was fine. You did impossible act to follow what a replace. And you're you and there's only ever going to be one you. Yeah. And that's the thing. I know this comes as a great shot. But I look at it this way. Those people who enjoy George when he fills in on the show. Those people will listen. Those people are don't enjoy it. They can find something else to do for those four hours. Just like the people were the taste. I knew that the tape sucked. We had nothing else to put on because it was a cheap off it over there. And they never had anybody else to fill in. So we put the crappy tapes on. Pussed it and cost amazing. They liked it. It was different. And the bottom on is you don't exactly. You've said it in a million times to people who call you to H. You don't like it. There's something else. And again, you're in tough back to follow and replace. That's it. Thank you for having you here. And I hope you're on the year. And I'll be there. Thanks for being here. Have a great day. Okay. A little suction there. A little suction never hurt. So anyway, Brook Dane knows one of the top 5,000 tall coast in America. I'm telling you, I'm a way to the airport. Leave it here a week ago. There's a day because Hank had some. He was either in a commercial break or whatever. I punched over to IOD or to whatever. That's, that's always a brilliant thing to do. It's something that you can do is make sure that nobody knows what your call letters are. Which they call it stupid talk, which it is. So it's a truth and packaging. But make sure nobody knows what the call letters are. I and Z. And I punched over to her. She had like pump and so far all the time. And so pump and for call. She finally gets to a couple of calls. The worst ass looking people. I mean, you know, my luck I've said before. You could put a goddamn parakeet on the year. And immediately, then have a, you know, at least to have it as a group of groupies with in 30 seconds or less. Oh, you're the one with you. Wonderful. Exactly. Oh, look at this. We got this must be a setup deal. Is this the real mixed Lewis? This is the real deal. Sir, how are you? Happy anniversary. Thank you. Let's put, let me, I'm out of here. I told you, but I'm not going to go. It's we not thought that maybe it was a, yeah. I'm going LA on the out of here at this month. Yeah. And about the only thing I want to miss and it's got to forsaken. How old is your show? Thank you, Mitch. Happy anniversary. And I'll be on the net. Let me say this to you, though, okay? You're on the, you'll always know through your entire life until a stick you in to the ground is that at least as long as I'm on the air. Right. You'll be living. Oh, I'm possibly in this. Well, you made me famous Neil. Thanks so much and have a great life. That's the luck, Mitch. Bye. How do you like that, Mitch Lewis? He's getting out of town. Let's hear it for me. He was a little bit her last time. He was here. So this is the most God forsaken, grow test toilet. This is a sore. It's a dump. And I said, yeah. Two open lines and Howard, five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on a mobile one line. Still waiting for Tom, and Jacob, by the way, that great expert on radio waiting for my good post for an LA Brecker, another Jackson's we got one in the building now. Just a joke, sure. You can take all the abuse in the world. What do you care? That you hooked on to some sucker with a lot of money. I mean, some old you, whatever you ask. One thing about Cheryl, she can find the Jews with a money. Make no mistake about that. First it was the judge. Then it was the chief. And now who knows what kind of, I'm sure going to this one is. Here, probably Kim to my orlansky. Here's my Nihilow. Nihilow. Yes, sir. Hey, happy in the nursery. Thank you. Hey, in the radio station, do you have a purpose to bake five cups of the radio? No. He's in the rehab. Oh, he is. Yeah, they're drying him out somewhere. Hey, are you ever going to play that one where he's like drunk on the radio? You played it one time a long time ago. No. Did you thought that one? No. He's still party with both honors. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, he's still party with both honors. That's where they were right now. They have a party in their pants. Okay, pal. Get a life. We have an open line of dayd one and brodered. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm wondering why my head is sweating. I'm wearing this goddamn schmoth of this nith cap from Amsterdam. And you can understand why I would not wear this on the streets over there. Even though it's like raining. I got my umbrella. It's windy. I mean, this is just even for me. A little too fruity. Look at those. Just a little bit too too. Too. Too. He threw me from even Georgia saying yes. Here's my Emmy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Three quick things. Number one. I'm very happy anniversary there. Second of all. George did an excellent job. Incredible job. I called them up and I told them I really confessed man. I really never listened to him. And all of a sudden, I just started in. He was great. He's getting a lot better. So you better watch out. I mean, he's no more Daniel. He's a gentleman. He's getting in. He's good. He's almost there. Almost there. I started thinking, I called you a few months ago and I told him that I was going to Europe. And I told him that I was going to Italy. Yeah. Friends. Yeah. And I didn't believe you then, yeah. No, no, no. I'm going to Italy friends. And then I'm going to London. Yeah. You told me they stink. I changed the trip. And now I'm going to. That's the friend. That's just because they don't use any soap. Right. Well, staying in Italy. I keep dropping it. Yeah. And I'm going to be spending two weeks over there. But majority of the time I'm going to be spending in Italy. Yeah. Is what the idea is. What is it? Can you what? Is that okay? Is that fine? I mean, can you fart in Italy? Yeah. I'm going to, actually, I'm going to pass you on a first page. Yeah. It's a loan for three days. And then the rest of the time, I'll spend it all in Italy. Just going around. Maybe visit the Pope. Okay, well listen, have a great time and give him a big kiss for us. What does that say? Oh, I like the breaker I thought this thing that the print on there is so Faint you know that right? How much of that goddamn cake you always know you always know when the powers that they are trying to get ready Is when they bring you in a big big cake on any day They can find excuses on your birthday on your anniversary. They bring you in a big rich cake with like loads and loads of real goopy stuff on top which you're just eating with your finger and shoveling in your post Here's our jappy friend Ellie Brecker You're someone man You know it gives the best tongue in town by the Is that what I'll told you yeah In fact, you know something. Oh, yeah, this don't take this personally, but you would have I can see I possibly lose there, you know You know you want to hear something truly frightening You're not the first person. Yeah, I just something there's something very a Jewish kind of a Oh, you know, but I'm so small. I mean just you know, do the physics on that Yeah, I'm doing you honey you ought to be the expert on physics No, my mother is She's great In psychotic is ever yeah, but you shouldn't be talking about nursing homes You know, I mean I mean, I think funny should mention that because I woke up this morning those were the first two words that came to my mind Nursing home it just keeps resonating through my mind over yeah, oh why you know that's so mean I mean she's gonna get very seclaimed Yeah Well, maybe share a welcome over and computer and have an invite yourself to lunch again someday Where did Cheryl find this ritual? How she's met some rituals you who's gonna well, you know, take her off the New York and she's making millions and millions and millions And then she'll tell that niche ween a thing or two when she gets done how did she find this guy? You're asking me Probably like she thought or uh one of her other husbands and a gay bar somewhere really yeah Yeah, she leaves a very exciting life. She likes to get around Anyway Well, I'll up on my friend Tom Jick at the other paper there and tell me get with it Ellie Ellie See ya Okay, we have an open line and she doesn't know the name of the paper open line in Broward 560 and 560 and 560 on the mobile one line And Kishikism come on to a life of Maui wood with another edition of America's bottom 40 Born to you by the onc 5 companies newest acne medication Oncimon drives for couple free teenagers There's to be a little quicker on the tape boy Good show go back to work so on in America and working on them down record stories are shown For some I'm not raising your buy and I'm you as a number of coasters first What's review of the top three songs on the charts at number three guns and roses is singing sweet out of mine Well, if I had a child around the house today I'd have these four words for lead guitar at flash and his cohorts stay by hell Number two you were who it says there ain't no ribbon in a perfect world and especially not for you reasons you don't speak proper English and a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back Well, I would imagine it's given a little crowded back But then again you probably don't mind And five away George there are these remarkable shaving instruments call Fraser I won and we're that silly ass curious Other songs on the judge the band Johnny H.J. as what I want to be a hero is moving down on the charts and deserved myself Apparently Johnny also hate music I don't see hero status is eminent Johnny so get a real job And there's on my like broad stewards newest release for every young and for a moment I thought it was a song about me forever And now a time for a long distance dedication It comes to us from a listener and Pasadena California right to your case. I'm 16 year old resident of my class I'm six foot to I'm here way 175 bounds and started quarterback for my high school dean the case. I have a problem the girls Sampling one It seems as though a very long before is my good work to my excellent physique Like and bay just like me as a friend creep me as a person instead of some sex objects and quit hitting upon the overtime He's the you have any suggestions Shine Todd well, here's my answer They're flaming I Don't see a 560 WQM you know I come back from my Amsterdam vacation and there was one guy standing there with this morning quarter to ten right on the dot Ask me one question. Were you fudge back him and I said no Jim Mandage? How you doing? 23 years All right All right, yeah, I guess that's the way I got to look at it Doing all right here. Thanks for the all the publicity yesterday by the way You're welcome. Hey, congratulations. Thank you. That is what the what's the key? What's the secret? What's the key? Just keep plotting the you know how horse has blinders on? Yeah, that's how you do it and spite of the management the audience the population of the town you just keep Forging right ahead, baby. Stay one step ahead of the policy of you got it. Would say That's the best I got Listen, that's That's all we deserve. Thanks a lot Any congratulations. Take care of that. Take care Mad dog managed Jerry's almost like tongue-tive. You know what's that he was like See that man's a freak. Yeah, a little tongue-tive. Well, you know what you're dealing with greatness That's what you're dealing with as Spartans Okay, what's now? What is this car? Oh, this is from our friend Ron from the whammy the whammy people are coming through for us today Ron and Stephanie's not like he were playing little grab ass not necessarily with each other And then we had the Bob and Cheryl in here for their little appearance. We had Mitch we none of fall We had the earlier Jennifer Ren Henry Barrel. Mike winner is coming back to the airway somewhere so We had Ellie Brecker and you know Ellie's okay. Oh my god. Are you kidding me? Talk about a voice from the past Hello Land is new He thought I don't think any credit for your success Man majors the one that made me what I am today Bro, Stan who exactly Hey speaking of case the case some I was out in at the NAB and Seattle a couple months ago. Yeah, he was right doing What he was right in front of me going up the escalator and I got real close behind him I Yeah, and I just then ponders man I'll tell you honder is let me tell you that Lebanese dad is still care you anytime That'll be as really say every single time. Hey, I was listening to the last thing this morning. Yeah One of the funniest things I've heard in quite some time goldie imitating herbal Is that like the kettle calling the blackhead something yeah calling the blackhead is sponsored right Hey congratulations Thanks AJ Talk to you say how to DJ you got a man OJC What was with the day, huh? Yeah, it was with you if I had to pick the one year man at city year That was the year baby Of course there was this last year there was an Opalotted Brower at five six seven oh five sixty and Pomp five sixty on the AT&T world of slime So Hank was in here he's glad to be out of that toilet over there and by the way that's another thing they can thank me for Which they won't directly but they can I guarantee you can bet your life on it That if it works for the fact that I forced them to build a studio over here all those plans They've been here at about for two years about being up on the third floor. What they be what they be up there now? Not a Chinaman chance in hell by the way. Yes the food has been held over For least another 15 20 minutes. Yeah, because we haven't a late rush. Let me take a look and see if we got a late rush That means that the rest of the staff has that a chance to go down there and the hazard would up a little bit There's not a dog out there Now guarantee is some of the old parts from the condo next to our guarantee of the soft free food A beeline they have it they haven't moved that quickly since their last bottle of fire we had 20 years ago Here's a lady in plantation hello. Hi, me. Oh, yes, man happy for him and happy anniversary. Thank you. What a combination It sounds like you're having a fun party in your studio there. Yeah, I can't believe there's nobody in your parking lot party There is in one person out there Everyone who is in team there are people serving behind the tables out there there is in one eater Are you serious? Yes, I mean if everyone who listen to you and including me was down there I mean there wouldn't be any place to park yeah, well, we're not in probably you know I choice part of time for our audience Well, yeah, you should have it at your health implantation. I would love to you. Okay You know, I have to tell you that Besides enjoying you so much you are so right about I miss in the morning and every time I see him I think of the dead man in the care that you say about him and it is so funny and I also have to say that I can't believe by now That some snow from up north That works with a big network hasn't come to Florida with his family and he's sitting on the beach You've turned in the radio can always trying to find something to listen to and he comes upon you And says this is the guy we've been working for Because you should be everywhere. Yeah, my girlfriend and Phoenix listens to Howard Keeping you funny. I said Nancy you have no idea what you're missing. She's coming here at the end of the month I cannot wait from 10 to two We are going to be listening to you. I mean these people and other parts of the country don't even have a clue to what it's funny If they think I miss is funny or Howard is funny They have no education We're going to ward on your penis. I mean just nothing entertaining about him anymore What is interesting about his son sleeping on your carry test? Yeah Brother Flaker ran shot and he actually felt he's so self-grace-heating with his ranch and who He's not even interesting All I do is pick your you on there and think why is it everyone in New York and all these big place Seeing the old Rogers Just kills me. I thought for sure you'd be discovered on whammy That was the problem. I think that was that was the end of my career was being on land. Yeah, that should have been the beginning That was the a kiss of that all of a sudden. Thank you a lot. Thanks for the All right, well you have a wonderful wonderful day and another wonderful year and I'll call you probably in one year or maybe before and have a wonderful life Thank you. See you. Bye. By the way, you want to know a great movie really funny that I saw like about three in a morning on BBC A lot of the great things over there is that you could all these four languages or BBC that is a four language because they can't speak it But seriously even on the Dutch channels they have these four languages. What we said are not dubbed in but they have subtitles So you can hear the original English and you can enjoy because you understand it It was a Steve Martin movie with somebody that I cannot stand Charles Groden But Charles Groden was great in his movie because he didn't have to act he played himself He was a sad sack. They were like two lonely guys who had no, don't you know the movie I'm talking about the lonely guy Was that it? Well, I had to be it. Yeah, that's old I saw on a TV channel a three o'clock in the morning I didn't say it was like a no movie mr. I had never seen it before wasn't that it was it was great I don't even think I can remember it now only there's one thing in there They all kept jumping off the Manhattan bridge. There's no such bridges the Manhattan bridge is there Isn't it the George Washington bridge last time I checked and I kept racking my brain What the hell is the goddamn Manhattan bridge? Where everybody jumps off they don't jump off a Manhattan bridge They jump off the goddamn Brooklyn bridge or the George Washington bridge like William Holden in that work, right? Thank you Good movie though 10 minutes after one in 5.50 QM U god I'm traitor of a Y neighbor All right just like one Why She was everywhere. And she was like, Oh, God! Never. Once you pass away, you'll just rise. There's night! For Jesus. Introduction the world of scandals of the year. Tockers magazine, what does that want to call? And tockers magazine, what a rag you would even wipe somebody else's ass, you're a top editor. But top pondered the most important 100 tockers in America, which I'm embarrassed that I'm on the list. Brooked Daniels makes the cut, okay? Brooked Daniels is one of the top hundred the most influential, the most important talk radio people in America. Still hungry according to this is not. Are you sure? Well, if it says someone talkers magazine, you know must be a pilot, for rap. I'm a serious guy that a strap walters say with regard to him tree. And just in 600 pounds of elephant droppings, I'm a couple hundred copies of this rag and just wipe him and just land to him down with it. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Happy anniversary, New York. Thank you. Congratulations. You spoke about Dr. Bernstein three months of a video. Dr. Bernstein, that's the name of the bulkhead. Dr. Bernstein, dive video solution. Wait a minute, not three months. I'm waiting to see this guy. I go on Wednesday. Do you know what his program is? No. 13 hours, one on one with a doctor. Wednesday Thursday and Friday. Yeah. Looking forward to it. I'll let you know what happens. When you're going this week, you know, when the appointment is at noon and you finish up Friday at one o'clock. This guy, that book is sensational. I mean, it's not easy to do, but he's got it down with science. Yeah, the guy's good. Looking forward to it. Good luck. We're going to report. There's a guy's going to see the doctor. Oh, by the way, New York, since you mentioned doctors that thing gone from your, no. Better. Here we day a little bit better, a little bit worse. And I do think that maybe it was the Adlet, but if anybody tells you that it takes a couple of days for a prescription rub, you get out of your system. I have to run out of the room out of the building, off of the planet. Come get out of it. It takes weeks and weeks and weeks on time. Okay. Maybe like a couple of months on picking. But I've told you this before and I'll tell you again, if you didn't find a doctor, even a doctor who's in competent, at least if I'll spend some time with you, at least you'll feel better about it. But fighting a doctor when his time is spread, it gives you more than just the usual lick and a Schmier and doctor feel good. And where's my red nose to plug on my patch Adams though? That's it. That's what you get here. You get nothing. A lick and a Schmier. Speaking of a lick and a Schmier, here's the expert. Here's Rich Pack there. So there's three bridges that go across between Brooklyn and Manhattan. You got one bridge. Brooklyn Bridge. The bridge. Washington Bridge. Oh, George Washington Bridge goes to Jersey. You Rochester guy. You. That's right. And the Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan Bridge and the William isburg Bridge. There's a Manhattan Bridge is not a famous bridge. Well, not Rochester, I guess. No, not anywhere. I mean, if you said the George Washington Bridge to anybody in America that's got an IQ larger than your head, you know, they know where it is. Okay. I guess if you said the Manhattan Bridge, they figured it wouldn't be in Kansas, so they know where that was, too. Well, they'd be near the Midtown wall. Yeah. There you go. Anyway, happy anniversary. I'd go to the right. I think it's between the Randy's been part and come, Phil. No doubt. No doubt. Near any shophouse. Right near our mama, Mary's. Enough. I give up. Anyway, have a happy and I like everyone else. I don't wish you another 30 years play out the contract and get out of the line. I'm here right. Exactly. Exactly. Thanks, Rick. Take care of them. See you. So there is a Manhattan Bridge. Yes, Virginia. There is a Manhattan Bridge. And yes, there are those of us who are not from New York City. And very proud of it, by the way. Open line of date. 560560, 560, on the 18th. Are we going to do something between today and tomorrow about this overhead? I got to crank up so high. You know what? S-S-S-S-S! You know what I'm saying? Was it like this all last week? You worked like this? I guess. I mean, how would I do? Yeah, good point. So George says, what do I know? Here's South Beach, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a great story for you. Last week, probably before you went on your vacation, you were talking about pharmacy problems when you're going to get your descriptions. We're trying to. Yeah. Well, I had an experience going into the bank. As soon as it happened to me, I thought of you and I ran to call, but you were on vacation. Damn it. So here's the story. I go over to my local bank to make a deposit. I walked up to the tower. And she's standing there. The amount is over her back. And they're kind of gigaling having a good time. And I put my deposits down on the counter. It says 180. And then I put $200 on top of it. And she looks up. She looks at me. I'm looking at her. And I'm waiting. And she says, can you swear? You deposit, so it says 180. And I looked down and said, yes, that's right. It does say 180. And she's continuing staring at me. And I'm wondering what's going on. I see you want some changes. That the idea? She didn't know what to do. I'm saying, oh, my God. I said to her, what is the problem here? She's looking at me. I said, man, it says 180. I gave me $200. What is the problem? Oh, my God. I mean, I couldn't believe how stunned. I didn't know. I was like, I was like, is this happening to my dreaming? Yeah. I mean, and this is like a young woman 24 or 25 years old. I'm saying, I'm thinking, my God, I got to call him. This is like so typical. So far, and I'm looking at, I'm like, what's the problem? You should have just said, keep the change. Yeah. That was the story. And she would have said, okay. I've looked out of town right before me. I've looked out of the shaking my egg going. What is going on here? Welcome to Florida, sir. Thanks for that. I landed the law. You know, congratulations. Thank you. Many more. And thank you very much. And by the way, let me just do those. Okay, we have, uh, open line of day one and broad. No serious damage, straining, because this overhead is so a screw up. Or maybe because I have this thing too low, I don't know what it is. Well, you know, when you've been away for a few days, you forget this crap. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the ATT. Oh, you mean you weren't worth thinking about the radio station. Why you were God? You were thinking about your work. You're not that dedicated. No. In fact, the only time I ever did think about this place, it made me very angry. And so I immediately forced myself to think about more pleasant things. Like anything. It made me very, very angry. Almost as angry as when I see a name on the board. Oh, my God. And you know something, I bet you somewhere I have that card, but I don't have any idea where it is. Well, when you get off that line for Christ's sake, so I can put her on. I'm just dying to get her on so I can get her off. I mean, I read. Hey, it's Daniel. I read Richard. Thank you. I miss you so much. Yeah. Only power that entertaining person on the radio to listen to, at least I still get to listen to you. Well, wow. What about you? What do I have done to deserve this suction? Man. It's a slow news day. Hi. How are you? Great. Well, so how goes it? How does that travel show come in? Yeah. Yeah. That travel show. So, I ended up travel show is looking at butt at the games. You know, the. I had forgotten that until just this moment, it holds. Sinaria with that travel show. It was great. Well, it was. They couldn't just say to you, of course, that's the typical Peter Molder way of doing everything. But they couldn't just say, we hate you like poison go away. They had to fight games with you. Yeah. Like they always went down with that. No. That was a hairy Valentine special. Well, that's right. He wanted you to have a guest done and you refused to have somebody that was a shimmering him for something. He wanted me to do two things that I refused to do. Right. He wanted me to pretend I had been to places I haven't been. Yeah. Kind of like, why do you want me to do that? Why don't I just give away a trip or why don't they just buy advertising? Well, he wanted you be another caring kid. I had one in my mouth once. Yeah. If I guess, well, he said, well, if you're not going to pretend you've been to a Rubin. I'm going to have a real problem with that. I said, well, that's your. Or I get it. Well, if you're not going to pretend you've been to a Rubin, then I might have to cancel the travel show. But I can't. When you sat down when we first met you, you said you were going to cancel all the special these shows. Yeah. Well, I might cancel it sooner. Oh, I'm scared. I was basing my whole career on this. He's an asshole. Well, we're missing now. Back in Orlando. We're a belongs. He's written diet Pepsi out of a bottle on a street corner somewhere in Orlando. I don't know how you do it. I do not know how you do it. When you stop and think of all the assholes you have to survive, that's the one thing I think that I'm most proud of is that I've been able to survive. And succeed. You know, even be as these people have drifted off and never never land ever to be seen again. The Steve Nichols and the boy Gary's of the world and the Walters Sabos and Harry Penis. Whatever do they wind up. You know, in the 19 years, I was at love. I had 14 program directors. I think maybe three of them are employed. Yeah. But you know, that's the main thing. Just surviving through, you know, the VA ages of this industry. And it's just getting worse. By the way, I was, it drives me McDonald's this morning. I get my egg McMuffin and Greg V. Delcis high. You know, that's not funny. It's true. I know. You know, he's late in table somewhere in university drive. No, I can tell you. It's on, uh, is it a chillies now? Maybe he moved up. He was working at the Sterling Country Kitchen. I'm Sterling Road. He was. I know. Yeah. So terrible. Here's a guy. He was the guy that used to put these busy water glasses on the table for the camp. I mean, that would be funny, but. I know. But it's true. Right. It's not funny. You used to always have that thing where he thought everybody hated them. And then of course it turned out we did. Yeah. Well, you know, he and I have always had a real hate hate. Yeah. Well, at least you like to burn anyway. Ever. I read. Thank you. Thank you. And George, you did a fabulous job when you was gone. I always love you. I can now. Okay. Two open lineboard. A lot of suction today. Hang on to your speakers. Real tight boys and girls. Heavy. Heavy. That's okay. I don't want to all be gone. Five. By the way, who blew up all the balloons? Who put all the hot air in those balloons, huh? Huh? I don't want to mention saying the sham. 26 after one, I had a great line for that. You know something else? I thought at pressure starting to build up. And I just thought I wasn't even taking a realising that I had eaten. Pizza loft this morning already. Wow. I'm having a vision to two o'clock. But I get here real soon. Really? How? Aaron's coming. Squirts. Squirts. Oh, they told us radio stations. What? Manifu's true isn't out. He then stalking about. I said, as since cock's pulled out, now I will work for Texas. No. The man's building an ass. He's gone and worked for Texas. So he's like waiting for her. You thought I'd think that it's a bummer? And the winery's gone. Are you sure? Say goodbye to Aaron. Summers. They had a run and run. They're gone. What's the fact that he's gone? That matter of fact. They're gone. What's the fact that he's gone? What's the fact that he's gone? But the old age agent is act. I said, as upon again Christian, I just as he can't be. He wants to change the stations. Letters. The WTOD now will work for fun. I can't help. He's a friend who's gone. I can't help you. I can't help you. I can't help you. I can't help you. I can't help you. I can't help you. I can't help you. I can't help you. I can't help you. I can't help you. Neil Rogers is my lover. Okay, what 33 or 5. 60 QM. Here is the world famous Joe Paparazzi. Hey, how you doing Neil? I'm happy. Oh, thank you. Will the uncle's run and run show? Yeah. You used to be anyway. Right. They're up in Daytona now, I think. Together? Well, Ronny and Fezzi are at the least. Yeah. You know, and I don't know if we have any affiliates from there. But that's the right factor. I hear so many different stories about them. I heard that first D.I.s went to a coast of Rikasamuir. Did it was bodybuilding thing or some crap like that? He's on the air. I can't help. In Newport, Richie. I think so. He's moving up in the world. Wow. So how do they screw you over there? Well, they didn't really. I mean, when clear channel bought the bought packs and over. They dropped the shop. Right. And they kept me on. And I stayed for about seven or eight more months. I was going to buy them for our intel. For Alice Ranchel. Oh, wow. Yeah. And I decided just to get out of the bucket. Yeah. That would do it. Generally, that Alice's will push you right over the edge. Well, after ten years, I miss it. But you made the right choice. Yeah, I think so. Well, I just wanted to wish you happy anniversary. Actually, actually, I'm timing by the way. I heard that. Lucky vibrations. All of that. And same to you. All right. But there you go. He's a pretty good guy. He was the one of the producers on the Rhino Rhino Rhino. So there's another show that had a cast about 700 people running around. No ratings. Eight. Got his. Eight guys. Who was show that had, like, in fact, they had, like, a quarter of a, uh, let's see. No, an eighth of a point. What was it? A 20th of a, for each guy in a show. And then, of course, Tommy Kramer. There was the sugar in the wood pile. Tommy Kramer. By the way, Tommy didn't do drugs. Back when everybody else was doing drugs. Hey, didn't do them. He just looks like he did them. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 my good friend Carol from Center 1 was here to bring me out. Plactsy. I don't need buddy, Neven. I don't need you. I don't need Tom Jicka. I don't need my good friend, Ellie Brecker. Anybody at the local media to recognize all the money in the good work. I did for Center 1 this year again and all the money we raised for charity every year. Because here's my plaque. A nice beautiful plaque from Center 1. And I thank you, Carol. And we'll be looking forward to doing again in the fall. That's all I need. Some recognition for the people that I'm helping out. I don't expect it from anybody else in the Stamcus. Nobody appreciates anything. Nobody recognizes the good stuff you do. You know, if you're fart and it doesn't smell quite right flavor, then it's a headline in the newspaper. Oh my god, he's got, he's got bad guess. He wants to have a bad bowl of grits, which gave him the, maybe that was the pizza law. Why isn't it every time I think of pizza law? If there's this little quaking that goes on down there. Here's a call from Naples. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Yeah. Ryan is with. No, I mean, why would you come back home? Ryan's with. Why? Yeah. Why would I come back home? I did this Trump, truck with Diddick, the Andrew Ford, Nuckle Dragon, Pat Robertson, Jerry, Paul Wall country. Yeah. Good question. Good thing I didn't think about that too much. It's a couple of reports. I'd probably said, nah, here. Here's somebody else have this ticket. Oh, and by the way, we're our late coming back on Martin here. Not there fault. Maybe somebody can explain this to me. Erwin, everything's going on time. They're boarding the plane on time. Everything's going along just fine. And then we get to the plot where it's about, you know, take off time. And the captain comes on and says, and he's the best Dutch in English and then Trimman, because there's a lot of crowds on the plane too. He says that, well, you know, we're all set to go, but we have to wait because there are two passengers who had their luggage stowed, okay? But they haven't shown up yet. So we leave an hour late. I'm not even sure if they really did want to show up. But how does that happen? How do you go to the airport? You check in because then all the national flights you have to check in. You can't get a boarding pass in advance. You check in. You check your luggage. And then you just vanish. Once you're ready to bar weighting. Could that be it? Open line a day to a bar. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Did I miss somebody important down there? Did we have some celebrity that I missed? Huh? Are you? Are you? Here's Boca, hello. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you. Who's that nice, cough and rumour about your anniversary? Rumour is sick. Are we sick? I spoke to Rumour last night. He's real sick. Oh, I can't take the right, right? Probably at the doctor. But you can't take the right. Both on knocking, rumour. Okay. Go knock somebody else. Okay. Don't knock my good post personal friend, Rima. I need to name him for good doctor. If you ever find one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Pack to anybody out there knows a real doctor. I'm not talking about the kind, you know, the feel good kind. Who say, why do you don't need me or definitely use this when they, how do you know what it is when you look at somebody like put your hand on their face and like they, you know, just, uh, I don't get it. I mean, I know I'm not that attractive of human being that you want to sport too much, but you know, give me at least a pretext of, uh, of an examination. Don't take any bullshit on them. So I'm on the WB, the premiere of Where My Woman at, Follow the hilarious misadventures of a white feeder and is bettered woman as she never gets the dinner on the table on time. Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston star with special guests. Oh, Jay, it's tonight on the WB. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. Speaking of the devil, 17, go to a 5, 60 QM Mr. Rich. Mr. Rich, welcome back and happy anniversary. Thank you. Mr. Cropberry, Kramer since his regards. Really? Yeah, two thirds. I wasn't there, Leslie, but the two thirds that they you left, uh, you have like five or six winners. I said to Derek, or said, see, Neil, please timing as always. Or am I alive? I was a day late in the dollar show. But I'll be here this Thursday night. Hopefully we can get back on the right track because I made a nice deposit list. Did you see about the big race in Saturday? No, I didn't. 149 and four fifths. Wow. Track record. Where was this? I popped out park. They had that big $150,000 race on Saturday. So you have much I've been keeping track. Joe Anderson, I can't, I already threw it out. I can't take it into the horse. 149 and four. I got three quarters in 122 flat. We got to get a copy. I got to get a copy of the tape. Yeah, that would be great. All right. Well, we'll see if there's been many more, you know, well, not a lot of not too many four years of doing this, but, uh, because I know where you're coming from. I actually like to move out there to answer them. Yes, sir. I think that Al called earlier today. He's got an apartment for me there. Yeah, I know he does. If you can just get the key to work. There you go. I'll see you Thursday. Okay, Rachel, take care. Okay, the famous fat rich. Everybody in her brothers on here today, including some people we never heard of before. Well, they all like jumping out of bed. Well, you know how that is. Even Jerry Sullivan. Jerry Sullivan's a good guy. The only thing you see that problem in life is that sometimes your impressions of people are based on events beyond their control. The last time I saw Jerry Sullivan, he was standing in the control room at IOD on the worst day of my life. The worst show in history. Could you narrow it down a little? No, you worked. I think this is before your time. Do you remember Jerry Sullivan do you? Just from the shallow traffic. No, no, but in fact, one of the reasons is the worst day of my life. His husband was working. So that in itself explains a lot. But Jerry Sullivan, for whatever reason he decided to go in there and watch my show as I died. I mean, a wicked, aerobique crank every nutcase. I couldn't buy a real call for a thousand dollars for fifty thousand dollars. Just one of those days in the big city. But here's a fact Jerry says congratulations on twenty-three years. I'm sure it doesn't seem like much more than fifty of you. It's hard to remember a time in South Florida when you weren't top dog and radio. Again, again, congratulations from the originator of news cruiser six ten. Yeah, that's when Jerry was the PD one day and the next day they kind of demoted him a little bit. He was driving the news cruiser overnight to the four and a morning something like that. That's the business baby. Don't get in it. Stay out of it. What does that say? Abe Lincoln. Oh, Bob Lincoln, why don't you say mage? Hey Bob. Hey, it just time flies when you have a good time. It's like yesterday, but congratulations. Thank you. How's that next travel book coming? We're doing fabulous. I got one for you. So I'll get it over and I also put in a put you down to have one cent directly. Now how do you ask you something? You get all these great deals you're always vaccinated, which I give you a free plug once in a way. Well, I'll show I haven't lost my sense of humor, but all these great martiner deals to them. Right. But I guess they never do any, they know discounts in the star class. Uh, no. They don't. If you go to Brussels on the other one, I can get you deal on city bird. Uh, yeah, I'm city bird. I hear that's a real good airline and they use better planes than martiner. I hear they use like 747. Right. And they're doing a real nice job. Are they? Yeah. So I can get you a super deal, bump up to a business class, no problem. If you go virgin air and then fly over to Amsterdam. If you go virgin air, they go to to London. Right. Yeah. But you would have to go to wherever you would want to go Amsterdam. But I can get you a satellite. I can get you a for sure, bumped up to business class. You know, my, my, my new partner or huge fans of you. Excellent. So anyway, Neil, I just, you know, I've been listening to you for at least 18 years. And just keep doing it the right way. And right, I was just thinking over the weekend. Maybe it was yesterday coming back on a plane. I thought, you know, I probably lived in 100. If I were to that bobbling, and who wants to live that long anyway. Thanks a lot, Bob. Thank you. Take care. Yeah. You only took 20, 30 years off my life. He's a good guy. He means well, just, you know, so what are we going to go? Yeah, when we go to Vegas again, anybody want to go? No. Open line at Broward 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Well, I tend to that pizza lock. Oh, man. It's just working. Remember that song? Working my way back to you by the force. Man. Just ever so slowly. Here's a crossbring. Hello. Happy anniversary. Thank you. And many more. How do you like to start studying? Yeah. You are a bright star in a universe of mediocrity. In a universe of darkness. Absolutely. I don't want to give you any more examples because I've already done that. But I quoted a couple of programs. First of all, did you know that Alice Ranchel is going to be unpolitically incorrect some night this week? Oh. I thought that was. Oh. Yeah. And also on HBO. He already has money. Marks Open, Delphating, Fag. Yes. Monday, March 15, 11 o'clock on HBO. America undercover private, dick, men exposed. And it's just what you think it is. Wow. It's a documentary about private dick. All right. And you're probably most of it to film the Westland. I don't know. Okay. I got to be one last thing. Yeah. When fiscal died. That was a week ago. Right. I was at work and I couldn't pick up anything on the radio. And when I got out of work at 11 o'clock at night, I went to tune in on the all news station. Uh-huh. That's supposedly all news 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Right. I got sports overnight America. W-I-O-D-E-O-I hate that station. Right. A late woman. Anyway, again, happy anniversary. And I'll be keep on listening. Thanks. Thank you. By the way, speaking of dick or whatever he was talking about. Uh, did you see 60 minutes last night, which I only saw the first segment. And then we're talking about the lobbyist and about the European water. And morally safer, they kept making it more and more obvious that he was going out of the way. He referred to one guy as the big pecker. And then the other peckers, did you notice that? Huh? Yeah. Morely safer, I'd like a pecker fetus last night's show.