The 560 W2AM Miami Ward Waterdale presents the Neil Rodgers. To talk to Neil, called 560-560 toll free-brand evening road, or count 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is yes or no. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of the W2AM. The regulations or the beefly broadcast group are now Neil Rodgers on sports radio 560-2AM. I'm sorry for me. I'm looking through her bedroom with gold. And my baby didn't get to my wig. All right. One of the nine I knew was quick though. The dining doesn't do. It's your play over fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot the kiss. The other thing was the one on this one. I feel you know, being in the real thing. And I found out that the movie changed me with the glass. Why didn't that bitch tell me? This is the doctor's scene. She needs a better look of a stick. If that's the case, how about the police? The police are out. Hey 10.02 at 560 W2QM happy Monday 2A. I guess falling the Y2K it's almost here and most of you, does anybody give a grant? I think I'm going to show you. That the media cannot manipulate the public the way they want. I'm actually getting pretty pissed off and fired up about that too. Because they've been working feverishly for months and months and months to get everybody psychotic about that Y2K anybody care? No. In fact, there's a big thing in the way. Where's my son Sentinel? Third day in a row today. No son Sentinel delivered. So the past today is the one on the bottom of the street. Did I even bother with it? Oh, screw it. This is so typical of what goes on in this town to kind of service you get. 10 years in plantation. I've been getting the son Sentinel. Did I get one of the last three days? No. Maybe because I didn't put any money in the envelope and send it to the Sun Sentinel every person. Or maybe because the Sun Sentinel every person in my neighborhood is out of time for the holidays and has some nerd delivering a paper that can't get the thing right. That could be it. And how about Scott my gardening guy? You know, Scott from wherever green, whatever that play. Have I seen Scott? No. The weeks in a month go by. You call somebody, hey, could you take care of this for me? And how about your good close personal friend? Fill the bugman. Anybody seen him in the century? No. Maybe we'll see him in the next one. No. No. No. You won't see him no more. Really? That's what it sounded like. What do you mean by that? I listen to message and his message was really strange. Like what? What did it say? His answering machine message was like depressing. Yeah. Like why even bother? What does that mean? I don't know if it's still hooked up. What do you say? He's talking like. You've reached. Oh no. You're reading him. Really? He's reading him. Like, anyway. No. He sounded like he was getting the rope was already set up. And he was standing on the chair. Oh, leaving the message right before he stepped off. Oh my god. And that was months ago. So I don't think we're going to get him. He's like poly, I guess. Won't see him no more. God damn it. So I guess that means we're going to have to get another bugman. Crap. Get up. Oh no. Well, there was always something strange there. Good guy. Great guy. Did a lot of good stuff. Including getting that guy to pressure clean my fence. Did a spectacular job. Wouldn't let me pay him a dime. But there was always something strange there. Like here today and maybe he just took off for Costa Rica. Maybe he'd moved the business down there. That could be. Maybe he's been spraying it. Scorts, courts, courts, court did down there. You never know. He seemed to like it a lot. There in Costa Rica. Oh, and by the way, before I get back to the Y2K and the other 80 million things. Are we taking any calls today by the way? No. No. Although, you know, the interesting part of his Joe Costello went up to Michigan for the week up to Detroit. And of course, I had given Joe the jet all my dolphin tickets for the season. Just because he's a good guy and because I don't want him. Yeah. And now we got those dolphins, jets tickets. My club seats for tonight's game. And I have no idea what to do with the minimum. Say. Club seats for that game. I was out in the hallway before to go take a lick. And beful was out there. Poor silly beful. You know, the guy from the restaurant is. And he says to me, oh, you're going tonight. Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy, you're going. I said, yeah, I'm going to the track. How do you like that? And like going tonight. No. Because see, the thing is going to the, and this is one of the main reasons I stop going besides the board of the factor, even though I get my tickets for free now. And that is a Monday night, no less to jet fans and the dolphins. Okay, ready for that on a Monday night. Yeah. You talk about a pleasant scene. Oh, man, a chef. It's just unbelievable. Yeah, a bunch of drunk people puking their guts out all of the place. The fish bites. The fish bites. I don't know what that. Not just disgusting scumbags over there. Am I going that I be? I know this comes as a great shock to be full and some other people. But there are some of us who are not interested in going to a football game. Oh, my God, what's wrong with you, man? Don't you want to see that center bend down and have the quarterback put his hand under his uh... Spectrum? No, not really. Not the least but interested. Oh, watch it on TV if the track like a few minutes here if he minutes there if it's on. And if not, I couldn't care less. In fact, speaking of being backed up, see this is what happens when you box yourself into a corner. And you want to carry 8 million sporting events. In fact, we even had to preempt the herkune girls dodge ball today because we have so many sporting events to carry all in one night. Wait to hear this. This is special. We got the herkune basketball team against FAU at 7 o'clock. Of course, we couldn't possibly carry that because that's in the middle of our 75 hour pregame coverage to get those 80 million spots. And by the way, stop calling on the phone line and not we're not answering the phone. They want those goddamn dolphin jets tickets for the night screen. We're not answering the phone. So what are you calling for? Oh, see, this is payback, baby. It's payback is a bitch. They're very frustrating now. We want your tickets, man. The answer is no. Although if you call right now, but in any way, so we got that's going to be on VUM. It's going to be on VUM. Oh, my God. How do girls, if they're in a column station for Mark Vandy, or a pool, whatever his name is, never dream about a kid in here that he'd be doing UM sports on a UM station? How do you like that? And then it's seven o'clock. Also, we got the panthers against the Tampa Bay Lightweight, the panthers who kind of embarrassed themselves last night in Carolina. But they'd get a point for the regulation tie, which I noticed, remember never bothered mentioning that. We got a point, baby. Wake up and sniff the panes. Panthers at the Lightning Bad Game, wait till you're this, is on WSRF. It's a teenager. It's one of the most powerful patients in the lot tonight. And of course, the Jackson Dolphin is not a clock tonight here on QAM, which we can't afford to miss that. With our 84 hours of pregame coverage, starting with Hank out of the estate in the two o'clock, with Seth Moon, and then that more and it just goes on and on, count down to kick off hours and hours and hours and hours and hours. And we'll be able to count all the drunks. And that's what it's going to be. Anybody going after the evolved park tonight is not going to be drunk. Oh, see that's a good thing. You start tailgating around noon because it's a holiday. A lot of people are still off for more kids are all in the school. You can start tailgating around the 11 o'clock this morning. Right before Greg Reed Washington socks comes on. Look at those. Anybody want those off, it tickets get on the horse right now. Oh, I just love it. Man, I'm getting sexual excitement. Look out, squirt squirt. Woo! You're going to answer that phone man. No, no. And by the way, George just came back from vacation. We want to expect him to answer the phone the first day back. No, no. Don't even touch him. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, my, my, my. I don't want to move. I'm your football player. Don't you make a sound. I just go to rape your wife and leave quietly. Don't let this happen to you. Today's national football league crackhead athletes are above the law. Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home. With the new Miami dolphin home alarm system. Every Miami dolphin home alarm system. How does this a genie Johnson? You see, it was disapproval. I never met a criminal. I didn't like. And if they can catch the ball and run with the ball, I'll have something special. Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell. We're really fine, God, and the wife's name is Jaron. Am I having a dolphin home alarm system? See, you're going to go crack. You look for the genie. After taking it 5.50 to WCM, maybe you can answer me something. How is it? Well, I haven't said that we're not going to answer the phone. I said that about 20, 30, 40, 500 times already. We only have been waiting for 10 minutes. You don't really need it. Let's see, we're not answering the phone. And they keep calling and calling. And I said, yeah, what time I enjoy it? It's tremendously. By the way, in fact, if you all want to call and just light up the lines, make those green things on the monitor here, I love it. I get a, I get a twingin my friend watching that. We're not answering the phone. So what's the point in calling? And I know you want those tickets badly, but it ain't going to happen. Because if you call it even if you kiss my ass, if you kiss me on the forehead. No matter what the circle, see, look at that. There you go. All right. Keep calling. Maybe I'll change my mind. No. Yeah, if we get all the lines up in the next three seconds. No. I'm going to change my mind. Three, two, one. Two, one. Oh, man. I love it. She was on the other foot. The shoe was on the other foot. All those vases that wouldn't call you. Could be sitting here bleeding that. Would they call you? Could be desperate screaming and begging and pleading. Oh, no. But just a hint. Just a notion that just maybe one of us might change your mind and actually start picking up these lines and say, okay, here you go. In a moment of weakness, here you go. We hope you really have a great time that I don't drink more than 20 or 30 K. Before seven o'clock. Before the real tailgate party starts. Look at that. Look at that. It's great. That's more calls than we usually get on a whole Monday. And we're not taking any nice going to you. Thank you. That's my man of the year by the way, my man of the century. Oh, God. But then again, I might be prejudiced. So anyway, countdown on 2,000 hits the home stretch. Let's go through that thing again about which year is the real beginning of the next millennia? Oh, no, that's not. In fact, everybody who believes that we're going into the next millennia, and call right away. See, look at that. Anybody stupid enough to believe that we're going into the next millennia even four days. Or whatever it is five days. Why 2K bug won't bite officials say? 8 drinking be merry on New Year's Eve because the advent of the year 2000 because few of any problems, a bevy of federal officials said on Sunday hospitals, power plant. You know what I'm worried about on why 2K. It's a good thing it's coming on a Saturday, by the way, New Year's day. Because that mean New Year's Eve is Friday. Because I wouldn't be surprised to you, I might not be on your Saturday. I'm not concerned about nuclear weapons, I'm not concerned about hospitals, airplane. I am concerned about QAM because of a pigeon, it's farce the wrong flavor in the sky and just happens to be over this building. We can't get to transmitter working, we can't get the phone system working, nothing happens. So that could be a real dilemma, come on Saturday. And of course it's a weekend, does anybody care? Oh, nobody listen to this station on a weekend? Oh, what difference is it making several in the mad dog, is that? Oh, God, here's the best part. And associated press pull taken this month found that only 5% of respondents are expecting major Y2K problems down from 11% in July. Even back in July when they were still trying to scare the piss out everybody, even that it was only 11%. Now it's down to 5%. And I guarantee you, up to those 5% probably most of them are these Armageddon crazy people. Crazy religious people. Oh, there it goes again. There he'd be going again with that religious crap. And that's exactly what it is, by the way, is that a redundancy religious crap? That's exactly correct. Even if some of the Y2K scenarios of computer failures do come to a official set that prepared to handle any emergencies. And of course in New York they got bond dogs, they got thousands and thousands and thousands of good stuff. And if you're not going to be out there, Mayor Juliani's got the brown church you're going to be out. And they're even welding shut the manhole covers. There you go. Oh, the personhole covers will be welded shut in New York on New Year's Eve. Just so nobody can poke you set out from under, you know, like Charlotton has dinner something like that. Start going up. So they're set already for you, Charlotton. You son of a friend. Even you can't be on the parade on New Year's Eve. See, I'm not concerned about why two K and computers. I'm concerned about a few of those crazy people. You know, the people are running around going. Yeah. It's guys falling. And it's wrong again. And it's time is coming. It's time to sit them in so on. Those are the people we ought to be really worried about. What is that? What a client's just give you there. Oh. One moment please. We're talking something shocking. All right. There you go. Here's the best thing I've had in my hand all day. See, your quarterback Tom Brady won the Bo Schemmeckler MVP award to Uncle Leo from Mad Dog. The Mad Dog left this for me. Love that Mad Dog. Yeah. He's the best. Did you take a look at this kind of even you. He's pretty good looking guy. He's a good looking guy. Yeah. Told ya. Turned that turn that Mad Dog right around. I've painted that so to speak. Even the Mad Dog had a little bit after seeing Tom Brady up close and personal, especially in the shower. And he gets to go in there up at the Michigan. He said he has a stunt. Yeah. Tommy Brady. You see it's very bad me rooting for Michigan as a Michigan state man myself. That's bad. But it goes to show you when you're a sucker for a pity post. The only time, in fact, the only time in the past I would ever rooting for Michigan is when to replace their Notre Dame. One of those rare occasions when they may be playing the the Hurcunes. Anybody playing the Hurcunes on for them, whoever they're playing and a single Notre Dame. But other than that up until he's last two years, Michigan. Oh, God, the thought of it gives me mixed my Royads pop. But now Tommy Brady and I'll see who the hell are they playing in the Orange Bull? Anybody here know oh, it's Alabama. Is it? You would. I'm pretty sure it's Alabama. That bread next from Alabama. You ain't got a chance. Tommy Brady's going to pick you boys apart. Okay. All you red necks. All you sheep-hompers. He's going to just pick your ass apart. I won't say that. There's my buddy Tommy Brady. Go Michigan. Go Blue, baby. How you spelling that? So anyway, the measures in New York are part of a complex security plan codenamed Ark Angel for the celebration of lights, lasers, and noise makers expected draw two million revelers into an area 20 blocks log and three blocks wide. Wow, that sounds like Queens. That's a good thing. You know, seriously, it's so packed with people that you can just like just shove in, you know what I'm saying? And of course, if you play your cards right, you know who to shove up against real good. Kind of like in a street dance. Not a lat dance. It's a street dance. And your pants. If you know how to rub it right. I don't want to start the almost the New York with anybody news here today, but. Girl 17 held in killing of mom and dad on holiday must be a nice lady to incident. Oh, Tyler Texas authorities accused the 17 year old girl of shooting her parents to death as they slept in their bed on Christmas morning. All right. Probably didn't give it to you wanted. That's the American fucking way. Stephanie Cateron, Baron, who was arrested Saturday night was held Sunday for investigation of two counts of murder share of Jamie Smith said. The evidence received the call about the shooting around 4am. They arrived at the house just east of Tyler and found that Steven Wayne Baron 44 and his wife Carl of 43 had been shot in the hate. Rimes with date. A hang on was found at the bedroom. Motors in the attack remain unclear. How do you like that? 17 year old girl. She goes in like you said, maybe she didn't get her god damn the right vibrator or something like that. Whatever might have been. They did. Now that's got to be the only one that happened over the holidays over Christmas right now because this is a very solemn holiday. The birth of your Lord somebody's Lord. But Louisiana. Boy shot dead with gun his friend got his a gift. Shall met Louisiana. A 13 year old boy was shot in kill Christmas day. By a play made would receive the shotgun as a gift authority said that the American way John hand me apparently stepped in front of his 12 year old companion as the gun went off and was shot in the hate. That major Richard Bommie of the Saint Bernard Perry Sheriff's office. And then interesting name for a parish in Louisiana. Of course it's in Louisiana where they're all pretty like dumb. The Saint Bernard parish sheriff's office. He said the case was being treated as next animal shooting. No charges had been filed. Not now I feel better. The 12 year old apparently bent over to tie issue and well we assume that's why he was bending over and stood up with his finger on the trigger. When the shotgun went off. The boys have been taking target practice Saturday in a wooded area in Podra, about Podra, whatever that is. A poid rast, a poigroth, about 15 miles southeast of New Orleans. So I guess you won't be seeing John handly no more. He's a 15 years old. He's a little shot in the pain. There you go. Couple of them see those things are far away. Luzian and Texas. Let's get a little bit closer to the home. Right. Two good ones here baby. Three shot in candle. Let's see. One thing I want to say right now. You gun hugger is you make me sick to my stomach. You make me want to puke. You make me nauseous. This is a sickness man and the best part of it is. What do people get pissed off about? Which I noticed Mike Mayo stole my stolen my comments. It is column over the weekend, which I will read by the way. stole my comments verbatim about John off his rocker and those colors ridiculous. Bigoted comments he made stole a comment verbatim. See people get pissed off about that. When somebody made woodwards. Somebody said this. Somebody said that. Oh my god. He's a piece of crap. They get all better to shape and they get very indignant about that. But what a bunch of kids get killed. Yeah. Nobody cares. See that's the problem with this country. Nobody gets mad enough. That's the thing that really frost my ass. Is they get mad about the wrong things about things that don't come. Like Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy. They get an expanding all our energy on crap. I'm swill. I'm cock-a. But things that might be fairly important. Like we got all these kids getting shot and killed. What do they give the crap about that? So they give us a fly and fart about that. Without saying so much as a word a young man into the West Kendall home of a young woman he knew and began firing a handgun Sunday, including the woman's father and grandparents in Kendall. The father who neighbors described as a church pastor was lifted in critical condition in Jackson Memorial Hospital, a writer, trauma center. The grandparents visiting from Texas for Christmas. The not received life threatening injuries police have also transported the hospital in their 70s. They were listed in good condition. And his little Christmas gift for you. Among grandpa. Yeah. According to Miami-Dade police spokesman Juan Del Castillo, the suspect arrived at home at the end of a cold a sack of one p.m. greeted the father guarding in the front yard and into the home. And get the hand. All right. Two dead in plantation. Why should we be left out in plantation, baby? It would be left out. Wasn't there many weeks ago that just around where was it? University on the planet? It was on the planet. Wasn't it? The guy went in there. Was that what the gunner was that stabbing? What was that? I forget. Oh. Well there's so many of them that tried to keep tracking. What was that? Uh-huh. There's so many of these goddamn killings. See life in America isn't worth it. It's only 60 dollars. It ain't worth 50 cents. Life in America. So seriously, in a country where life isn't worth anything, what kind of a barbaric place? Oh, there he goes with his crap again. Right here at the holidays, we're all trying to get drunk for a night's game. Huck up in the pissed off. Life is as cheap as, as, as, as, Graham Abun in America. Yeah. Cheap wine. Two dead in plantation, three shot gunman later surrenders. Oh! After years of feuding a plantation man with a reputation for belligerence. Oh! Allegedly shot and kill. Two neighbors and critically wounded the third person saw the afternoon. Those who know them said. The gunman, surrounded two police, shortly before 10 pm after burricating himself inside a nearby townhouse for six hours, according to plantation police. Neighbors at the Largo West Complex in Western Plantation identified the gunman as Stephen Duncan 45. Police would only confirm his first name as Steve. Although shot, one max bully was airlifted to the Broward General after being shot in the head. In armward, as I said, he was lifted in critical of stable condition. Another person, chat was believed to be Armand Aloy, neighbors here at Aloy's girlfriend, shouting, help me armand's dying. He shot in the head. A lot of people getting shot in the head. And some of them they. Because that's the American fucking way. All right. And we're worried about crazy people going to be out on New Year's Eve. Huh? Yeah, we're worried about there might be some loose cannons out there, so to speak on New Year's Eve. Like, they're out loose cannons, crazy people with guns running around all the time here. Oh, yeah, but when they come, take your right to it. Yeah, huh? 26th after 10 and 5, 60 WCWM's seen on guard. But first you get into the P-S-S. George first you get into the P-S-S. George first you get into the P-S-S. George you do get into the P-S-S. Ow! The rich oil crack has a coke tank junkie. But he's on a duel all that can't pay money. He's on give a crap about people going hungry. It's both of us and with us back. Oh! We can't find you, Raps. She did justice for P-S. We look good all over and it still late here. Hey, George, you and your WCWM's are back, cheese. Oh, I knew what made that real fight up. That you kids lost your two-or-a-rush college kid, a broken party. And you cut pitch from his attitude of drugs. I don't pitch pitch like you. You've been highly of a judge. You get some great jacks, let's just hit the P-S-S-S. But George you get into the P-S-S. George first you get into the P-S-S. George first you get into the P-S-S. George you do get into the P-S-S. What? What? George first you get into the P-S-S-S. Come on! George first you get into the P-S-S-S. George you do get into the P-S-S. George you do get into the P-S-S. That's 31 at 5.50 to the WCWM. I'm ready to touch by Mad Dog. Leave him with me this picture. See he's taking about me during his holidays. Great Christmas gift, man. He's a very handsome young man. He may not see that. No, anybody can see that. Even Stevie Wonder could feel it out. When and done. That's why he's hanging around with 98 degrees, I guess. So in any way, we've got a lot of dead people out there. The old days too, you're from all your good friends here at QAM. Speaking of dead people, I noticed another stupid ad in the paper this morning in the sports sector in the air. Which I didn't see the Sun Sentinel because I mentioned three days in a row. I haven't gotten the Sun Sentinel at a hundred and four than four or five hundred times. So you don't ever depend on anything in this town. Because maybe it's not just in this town, but it happens to be this as a wire-load. So that's the only judgment I can make as far as dependability and reliability and people showing up and you know, and service and people caring about what they're doing. It's just not the American way down here. The un-neal, the Jim Rom show on the stupid talk 940, the un-neal. See they're back to that again. You think that they might have wized up? Have they wized up? No. Everything they promote is anti-neal, un-neal, un-neal, un-neal, un-neal, like Sim Neal, Hayesum. It's all surrounds the... Yeah, so that must mean something. It's like a statement. It's like a goddamn statement. Like the whole radio world in this town centers around Neal. So we've got it on your has to be compared to Neal, has to be an alternative to Neal, has to be something... whatever. Pretty stupid if he acts may. I'm pretty dumb. I just go on there, I wish that I'm money down the toilet, stupid talk. Lovely. All by the way, speaking of amazing things that happened over the weekend, Friday night we go to Ruth's Chris Daycast, Jan Pack, Jan Packed, Christmas Eve. Probably Jews. Like us. Me and the Rimmus. By the way, guess who pays? Also anyway. Also seriously, so I've had this little... A little touch of the intestinal fluid that everybody has got. Which, this is the second time this year I've had it in four. It's just about gone, but man, it's really pain in the gut. So I'm thinking of myself, you know, I'm going to... maybe I'll have something other than a steak. And remember finally in his life came up with a good suggestion. He says, tell him to hold the butter. Because they grow all those steaks in butter at Ruth's Chris, which I always thought made it taste great. Was I right? Wrong. This steak was the best steak I ever had in my life without the butter. See, this is a fallacy. This is something... the only thing the butter does is, makes you make a bee line. It makes you feel like you ate that candy that... What does an antiderlender keeps bringing in here? It'll make you sh**k immediately, but not sooner when you have that butter. It slides right through you. Like an H-bomb. And of course loads up on a cholesterol and everything else that it does. There's no purpose to it. This was so much crisper and so much juicy and more delicious than you could ever begin to imagine. So next time you go to Ruth's Chris, where they're famous for... And not only that, you don't have to worry about getting a third and fourth of your burns. You know, when they bring it to sizzling and they say, hold up your neck in because it's really hot and it's going to splatter over to it. See, they're selling the sizzle literally. When they bring your steak to the bottom of the butter. Now, if you like it that way, be my guest, they salute. But I'm just telling you right now that if you don't want all that butter, and you don't want to be crapping your brains out in 30 seconds or less and everybody tutoring at the table as you will making a mad dash of beeline for the tea room. Just tell them the whole of the butter. By the way, did we pay for the meal? Did I pay for the meal? I don't say we. Now, we could be real dangerous, you know what I'm saying? Even Joe Rose, Martha, where is that thing, by the way? We, we, we, yeah, wasn't worth it. Right? I, you know, something I could probably do 80 hours today. I got so much. When I started doing this thing with no calls, people tell, well, let's just make a talk about it for hours. The things that I want to talk about. Not the things that some of the bozos on the call, the call is want to talk about. And the more you start to see, and here's another thing I have taken the big radio spotlight by doing this and flash that spotlight on the call. I'm going to show you the take calls on a station. Now, I'm not trying to tell our jick, I'll read his thing in a minute. But I'm not trying to tell anybody else not to take calls on their shows. Because obviously, you have to have a lot of different things to talk about to go on and ramble for four hours, even if there are three of you. Or even if you have like 15 different people holding your hand while you do it on a radio show, regardless of which it is. The fact is you have to have some things to talk about to ramble on for four hours and not depend on the calls, which is like a crutch, like religion. It's a big crutch. So now I have shine the spotlight on those colors and now I'm fighting myself. Like the last five minutes of the worst thing this morning, listening to those god awful, unbelievably bad colors. And the thing that I find amazing about those guys in the morning is that they keep playing Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. They keep playing that or bits from it. And then evidently, are too stupid to realize it's making fun of them. Not the colors. It's making fun of them and the colors. But mostly them. Because they've allowed this nightmare to take. And of course, Greg Co. text has got his big column in the air all the day. But well, Jimmy and Danny both need to come back next year. Yeah, not for the team for the worst team. That's the team they need to come back for. Not for the dolphin team for the worst team. Oh, yeah, try this scenario. JJ and Marino both returned. Of course they got to come back because that's what they're going to have to talk about. From August until I got only those went until after the next new year. Will they find anything else to talk about? No. Besides. And Jimmy and Danny. And Jimmy and Danny. Yeah. Seriously, you're right. You're the especially like to use about your team aching. That's what I find happening to me. It's got nothing to do with this viral flu. My teeth ache when I hear these conversations. And when I pick up my newspaper and that's all that I find in this fourth section. In between, you know, there might be a little bit of some other things you might be interested in. But generally speaking, airbie column, every article is about to say, And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Yeah. Make sure you're teetake. Well, what more is there to say? Huh? This one's a good guy. This one. He's an answer or whatever. They both sucked at both at whatever. That's it. You could say in 30 seconds or less, you could capitalize what's left to say about that topic. Nothing. So we have 20 hours of it. Now I'll say Hank at least is, you know, try these heads and guests. I'm just talking about those things. There's some people on a station who make an effort to get away from that to avoid it like to plague. And God bless those people. But the people who continue encouraging and participating in that. Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Parade that never ends. Apox on those people. You know what I'm saying? Apox on them. Apox on them. Now, by the way, anybody see the swishie Mr. Ripley. I can't think of that Ripley. Believe it or not. I can't remember the name of that guy. Do you see it? No. The swishie Mr. Ripley with Matt Damon. Who by the way? I saw some of the clips. He looks pretty good in that movie. He's okay. He's no, he's no, what's his name here from University of Michigan? He's no Tommy Brady. Is he? No. God no. Tom Brady wouldn't even let Matt Damon in the shower. I guarantee you that right now. Because he said all those stories about Ben Affleck. And what kind of a name is that anyway? 21, before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM. You're Jimmy and Danny Station. We got all kinds of ball games that all kinds of stations Two night man who is the night that Greg Reid piecing his pants. Okay. Climate. Because this is the ultimate for him. You got you and basketball. You got hurt. You got Florida Panthers hockey. You got the dolphins that I didn't inject. A desperately must win game. All three at the same time. Absolutely unbelievable staggering. 15, 20 a.m. Something like that. It's 15, maybe. I think he's such a 15, maybe. Did he? Are you sure? I'll play it again. Maybe it's my ears. Maybe it's my hearing problem. I advanced age here. Play it one more time. Play it again, Sam. We can't play it again. One moment please. I just want to make sure. We got a fight for a battle. The Panthers take on the Tampa Bay. Like me. From the guy's palace is Tampa tonight. Join the new voice of the Panthers. Randy Mowler from the Ancheon. Oh, oh, oh. Because an overhand right now goes foot further. 15, 20 a.m. For this day. Panthers free. Start to set. 15, 20 a.m. 25, 20. 15, 20 a.m. God damn it. Who was that idiot on there? It's 15, 80 a.m. You didn't do the 15, 20. Is there a station in this market on 15, 20? No, probably one. I don't speak English. I'm sure he's just reading what was written. What do you think? Probably. Choose can look like an A to you know, you have bad handwriting. Yeah. Choose can look like figure rates. Is that what you just said? Who is 15, 20? How do you like that? Can we get anything right in this station? No. It's not 15, 20. It's 15, 80. Will there be anybody listing on surf? Can anybody pick up that signal? No. No. And not that I'm going to get all looked up about this. It's the end of the year. We're having a wonderful time. I'm taking a lot of days off. Everybody here cares. And of course they never care about anything else either. But this is one time. Do you want to go to that? Nobody cares. I guess. John. 15, 80 for the pant. Let's go down to list again. Not. We got somebody got damn games on there that we just don't have time to tell you where to find all of them. Crying baby pushes Santa over the edge. Oh. Los Angeles. A shopping mall Santa Claus had a meltdown after we've got a lot of time. And meltdown after refusing to cuddle up balling toddler, calling the mother evil and ripping off his beard and costume in front of the startled children. Ha ha ha. Let's hear it for Santa. All right. Kelly for a Toro 33 said she told Santa her 19 month old son Brian would stop crying if he put his arm around the child. According to her, he blocked and told her I will not imprison your child. When I went to pick up the baby he said, was it worth it for you to torture your child for a picture? You must be an evil person for a Toro set on Thursday. The woman said she would complain. She said Santa will leave from his throne and said, you can complain about me if you want, but I'm Santa Claus. I'm the best person in the world. I'm good. Toro then told Santa he should not be around children. With that he got really angry. She said he started to rip off his clothes. He took off his beard. His wig is coat. His belt. Parents and children in line were stunned. Oh my God. Santa was a little way bus security. The Westfield chopping town Promenade Mall and Cherry Hill photo supplies of the Santa wouldn't give his name. Although we do provide a person to be character of Santa Claus, we cannot always be responsible for their behavior said to him a Sullivan of New Jersey based Cherry Hill photo. How do you like that? Santa is a prick. Santa is a crazy person. All your kids out there if there's any after Christmas Santa is still around in the malls like you're returning all those goddamn pain in the ass gifts. Stayed in hell away from Santa. Crazy people. So Tom Jick are right. See better late than ever I guess is the way we look at Tom Jick. Tom this is a lot of interesting things during the year. But sooner or later as we get right to the end of the year I guess he's discovered that Yeah. And he looks at the marins is maybe a better right little bit about Neil or else. So both Saturday and Sunday and I just going to. Somebody knows that this show is on the air. Somebody in the local media even though we got people in the sports pages who are stealing columns verbating from the show verbating Michael hold the mail. God he's an asshole. Wow wait till I get to that. Tom Jick has got to hold you know one of these things when they just write a paragraph about this and a paragraph about that. He says here's what I really think. Any right to box and very unimportant to stupid TV things. Here's what it's interesting. If man on the moon makes it at the box office it'll be the ultimate tribute to Jim Carrey's drawing power Andy Kaufman was never more than a second tier comedian. A taste of masses never really acquired even on taxi was a novelty act and not the best one. A Reverend Jim will be would be more fun. I'm going there. I'm going there. Correct. All these marginal cult figures that all of a sudden were supposed to be so excited about. Anybody here give a crap about Andy Kaufman. No I don't. No. I'd rather hear about George S. Kaufman. At least I was then the only person in the world knows who that is. It'd be Boca Bryant. Because that was about a hundred years ago. He used to be one of the stupid TV quiz shows like what's my line or something like that. With a bro is also dead. You got what's my line? Come on let's get the theme to watch my line on it. There you go. There he is. There he is. The host of what's my line. John Charles. He said here's George S. Kaufman. Here's a girl. There's a girl. He's there. Here's Benitzer. Here's George S. Kaufman. He's there. Here's only Fred. He's coming. Here's to be sales. Oh, play. What? All right. Oh, right. Yeah. There you go. Okay. Bryant's probably squeezing himself. Not knowing that I got the names of all those panelists on there. Man nice going there. Thank you. So anyway Tom Jickie goes on to say a knee lay after ripping a sandy coffin. We'll be nice going Tom even better than that. Tom Jickie. But he says. And here comes the defining moment finally somebody recognizes that there's something going on. This is our third consecutive week. No calls on this show. Now see if this were a town where we had real people in the newspapers who wrote about radio on a regular basis, somebody along and go would have already written about this. Will it fly? Can he do it? Does it suck? Is it good? Oh, something. If this were real markets where people write about radio. In most major markets, there are radio comms every day. Do we have that here? No. Like I said years ago, we used to have a guy named Jack Anderson, not the famous Jack Anderson, the fat syndicated one of political guy. But there was a guy in a year as a year as a guy when I first came here named Jack Anderson. And we used to joke on a year about the fact that we didn't think this guy owned a radio. He was the radio writer. He never had any idea what was going on. Tom Jickie says knee Rogers might have the right idea in dumping phone calls, most of which are moronic. Yeah. How do you like that? Moronic. Excellent Tom. Maybe a little bit understated there, but nevertheless. And here comes the real frosting on a kick, which of course they won't pay the attention because those guys there are the experts. Okay. I don't know if they're the experts. He says WQAM's radio sports host ought to consider following suit. How do you like that? If you have an inferiority complex, the quickest way to cure it is to listen to the sports you called in, especially after dolphin games, you'll feel like this smartest person who ever lived. So Tom Jickie. Nice going Tom. He's done it. But right on targets we'd art. Nice going, baby. It also has a couple other interesting points in this column. I think this was the one from Saturday in the Suncettle, which I had to go out and buy with my own harder and 50 cents or whatever, which I've already paid for it. So I had to spend the 25 cents in gas and go to the gas station. I could have called them and they would deliver to one whenever they got around. What do I want to sit around waiting for it? When I want my paper now, assholes. He also says remember, Pax is mission to clean up TV and stress Christian values. Uh-huh. All it took to bring about a change in priorities was to run B.C. to put some big money on the table. It's just a matter of short time before NBC buys a few more percentage points of Pax and takes control of the program. Any wonder why they call it the Almighty Buck? No. We don't wonder, and of course, especially I don't wonder, because I knew a Pax and for the 40 that he was two years ago. We told me, I thought I'd bought it in a bunch of bulk crap. The police said, all a bunch of bull assaches, what he said. How do you like that? So it was convenient for buddy, but like so many other people in America, when I was convenient for him, he was talking to good religious thing. And we're going to have a Christian value, he was in clean up America. And yes, what? People only want to see Dr. Schmendrick medicine moment or whatever her name was. And after the first 4,000 times, they got a little tired of that crap. Yeah. God, and Charlie's angels, you know? I mean, I'm Charlie's angels who all came this time. But after the 6,000 times, God, turn off your response. Wasn't she on it? Yeah, yes. Just don't worry about any brothers on that show, by the way. There you go. All right. Oh, they're not wearing bras on that show and they hit it on Pax that. Oh my God, he's got a burn in hell. I wouldn't be surprised it might have been a little tea hanging out there on that show. Ooh, we. And by the way, is the two that in 2000? We'll be able to say the word, tits on the ears that true. Ah, good. Something to look forward to in America. Here's a letter to the, I'm just going to go through the whole pile. I could do this in a little more orderly, you know, since today, but I don't want to do that because it's a holiday. Especially after, and by the way, what a great job I did on a Friday, if I do say so myself, you'd have been proud of the selection of stuff. I played the whole rack. Thursday played a lot of stuff too, but Friday, so was told me about it. It was very impressive. We even had a call from the beast. How do you like that? Which I take is a very high compliment. In between snoring, he took the time to call the compliment. And beyond the tremendous selection, see anybody could come in here and just play a bunch of stuff. Yeah, thanks, Beast. Anybody could do that, but to come in here and really entertain and know what to play and when to play it and have some themes or the stuff was like, nice going there. Now, God. Thank you. Very entertaining. If you were entertained by Friday, show by the way, let's see a show support on the phone here right now. Okay. See, I just want to do this because it leads to phone is working big. Unlike last week when it wasn't working at all two days in the row, so if I would have wanted to take calls, see that's what I should have done as soon as I saw that. I should have said, okay, today's the day we're going back to calls. And then just sue their ass. That's no, if I were smart, which I'm not. But if I were smart, that's what I would have done. As soon as they told me that the phone system wasn't working at all, this is before we started on, I think, Wednesday. I should have said, okay, why can't you stay in this thing for hours talking to myself anymore? Today's the day we're going back to the phones. And then as soon as I started, I was asking you around, I couldn't get a call on here. I've got to, I've got to walk out and sue their ass for about 20 minutes. What a moron, I am, huh? Look at that. There's a couple of calls on here. Not like overwhelming support there, but I thought it was fantastic myself. But you're hungry. I guarantee one thing. We had a lot more response on these lines when they thought I was given the dolphin to get. Guess what? I don't have the dolphin to get it. I already gave the Joe Costello for the whole season a long time ago. I got no dolphin to get no tickets for tonight. So it was just a little joke. Okay, the jokes on you guys who wasted the time dialing, frankly, try to suck around for free tickets. So I have no, are you going to get them? No, no, but have a good time tonight. After you'll pro game. Oh, listen, look at this. We have one of these breaks here. This is great. See, this is kind of like we're here, but nobody really cares. I heard Hank say that the other day, but like you don't know what day it is anymore. I have no idea what day it is anymore. I forget what day it was that I started losing track. I'll tell you what day it was. It was last Tuesday when I had the day off because we had hurricane dodgeball on or whatever. Was it all day? Yeah, that's right. I forgot that was happening. I turned on the radio and then. Yeah, no, no, no, no. And as of that day, I started like, okay, I losing my grasp on where I am and what day it is. It's said I'm so on. I know I do what was going on. And just like today, this today feel like Monday. No, it's back today to me, it feels like Saturday. No, seriously, today feels like Saturday. So let's go home. What goes to the point? And do you think anybody who would notice? No, no. And by the way, you see the tremendous response I had there for the people I really appreciate. But I'd better fry that four or five little trickles on here. I can put auto start on all the breaks play them all at once and then hit a mini disc. Go on now, Rob. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and. Jimmy and Danny Indiana Danny Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana We have a mobile from Niram are hello. I can hear me. Oh, I got a question Yeah, yeah, give me and DannyHey gets going anywhere. You get closer and zag quilted. In a camel, and a banana after. I get it inside from my belly in a week. Can F время's butt would lay? America is droplet and Asian ifs in there... Indian instinct, and Oscar of Bagini, is it contemporary staining in a camel? And of Seymour 71-20 Corners. Bathimymus min���. All Texal and C Rahmen. I'd love to thank Michaels. the WQM happy, you know you're happy whatever it is on your setup right and we got Hank and P.T. Parked 2, we got Hank with that more 5, we got the pregame coverage goes on for hours and hours and hours and I've got the other stuff on other stations just didn't let your dollar out okay AMFMPM and you'll find some other games because here it's the big, that's the ball thing game, baby. Sure was too bad wasn't it about those builds pull that came out yesterday the bad break wasn't yeah sure and about Seattle kicking Kansas in his hand and break too. How we know if we're sent a one here by the way here, we got the orders another page yet coming one more page to come so wait till we get to that but we got a bunch of facts thanks to our close personal friend Eric, Eric Harold up there in Orlando he is we ought to send him something like a million dollars or something like that he's great. You weren't here but there was like a major crisis pending on our being on the audio net toward the end of the week we're getting hostile emails what do you mean the email decide I get the emails oh saying that they can't get to the archive archive right which is an our fault no well he Erick Facts me about that and I read it in the fact that they're dropping a real audio and they're going to something else in today he says I think I saw the problem with broadcast dot com and the best news is WQN does not have to do anything that's the way we like it because when we have to do something can we do it no so that's the way we like it we don't have to do anything I still think it's a good idea for somebody to win the contact broadcast dot com and verify this okay I'll inhale and well hold my breath currently the only place in the world you can hear the show is both real audio and windows media is on the arraggies dot com what does that mean or in both the okay I also have an idea about how we can permanently sell the archive problem please ask George to call me after the show George please okay there you go Eric so here's uh oh boy pretty slim 88,545 dollars for a center one with a few days to go four days left huh or five days left this is the last week I'm looking on here let me just take a look at what I've got to turn around here do you see any of that because I would get us over 90 grand and give us a chance to make the uh 100,000 I'm hoping for you go to all your spec stores Palm Beach County date and Broward over there and four miles also pick up the best in the online concept and CDs unfortunately no more key chains and by the way don't keep calling George and wasting his time about taking he's going to get you key chains does he have him go and get him for it there are no more I don't even have one in fact George has got as many key chains as he's got uh dolphin tickets for nine sets game the big all done zero so 88,545 Thanks again to Eddie K you came through the nice check here at a building and also letting Martens came through last week anybody else comes through recently here in the building oh no How about the bees lays how about Greg Reed did the management number how an IOD every year without fail no matter who we were raising money for the station would put up a check usually a grant I remember Disney put up a grand one year by green came up with a big check Peter Bolzer even at piece of crap came up with a big check Ron a wolf came up with a big fat check what's his name Roger of the Dodger Croch the sales guy manager at plastic basket he came up with a big check How about here any of those type of people come up with checks for center one here this year no I don't like that that's got a strange any of our 25 sales managers give you a big check for center one this year oh no not that I can recall But I'm looking on here speaking of some of our sales managers I'm looking on this very carefully itemized list that Carol is just facts to me which ties into another thing that Tom Jick erote yesterday in here in the US on Sentinel I don't see the $2,500 that we allegedly were supposed to be getting for center one from that infamous sculpture if you see it on the list no no I'm looking on here I'm scouring let me look again I don't want to overlook it I don't want to miss it I got to put that down What do you mean by that Everything is on here take a look at how itemized this is the phone the internet the this the that the end the out Look at that we had a big week it specs last week 52 under bucks are biggest week right 34 Christmas of course but we would have to have a gigantic week this week to make our 100 grand have to be stupidious and humongous but we'll do the best we can on the bad bad circumstances of which Tom Jick erights well first he writes in this column yesterday rank handsets privilege one radio radio talk show host Brooke Daniels for god or stuff one after the October and out of the verboten effort on their WI and Z program Retribution was swift and decisive her producer Larry Baker was suspended then fired ostensibly for not hitting the dump button within the seven seconds that would have kept the word off the year Baker was doing two jobs because the station had recently asked an entry-level phone screener if Daniel suffered any punishment WI and Z managed to keep it a secret a few lovers of content every every month when the numbers come out when her big comes out wait till our next trend will be right there with her neck and neck now here's rank has its privilege to speaking of that notorious infamous You know something I don't think I mentioned this on Friday. I'll say it again today. I don't think anybody can even measure with a yardstick the irreparable damage that had hold masquerade has done to this radio stage not just a center one not just to me jump to all of us That was like an an act of suicide By the people who participated and by our brilliant leader our general mangle Eeeeh That haircut who goes in the media and says all portion of it went to Ozeo related expenses which Tom coasts in here by the way He says rank has its privilege to WQAM AM-560 Corrided notoriety not to mention the wrath of Neil Rogers when it invited Ozeo Simpson to play in a sub-temperatured E. Golf tournament Rogers had specifically dictated that Ozeo not be invited WQM went further than then nearly involving the Jews it picked up his expenses which must have been considerable The term had had been expected to raise $25,000 for center one Rogers' peturity See that number comes in again only because somebody who's not here anymore at a one mentioned sand douchebag Open up a big mouth and came up with a number like that He goes on to say only about $2,000 went to center one which cares for age pagent and let me just interject that we know that any of the money actually ever got collected by that. Oh no WQAM General manager Greg Reed said some of the rest went to Ozeo related expenses When the heat became unbearable promotions director Sam Duke took to fall losing his job Meanwhile higher-ups of the station who signed off on Ozeo's perks beat the ramp Nice going again there Tom Thank God for Tom jica. He's the only hope we got in this town as far as working served over here. What's he talking about? Who's he talking about? It's a long list baby as long as you're armed Going all the way up to the top to the head cheese. Yeah If the cheese head Yeah, people out there they think that cheese head has got something to do with green bay and the packers I'd to raise the news to cheese head got to do with our man. Yeah Yeah Much mutty rally Just pathetic Like I said we were drowning in a sea of Ozeo drowning in a sea of juice We're still suffering Wicked repercussions from it that we don't even know of yet That's why so many days when I'm sitting here doing this I feel like I'm talking to myself Because I know that most of the audience said Q. I am we don't want that so it's unclean We don't want nothing to do with those people You know what it sounds like I have a big lawsuit to me Get your Z-Lamping done the fall 9 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM Just stations stands for nothing My team has come out right here at my clothes You can strip my walls and you can just my balls and the hey could just by use to blow my nose And you can take my knives my career knives my two-plus and my can of apple cheese You can take my pants and that lamp I bought his pants and that naked picture of a city in jewelry But don't take my arm my heavy wall Keep your bad hands off my hands will show me too Because if you sing my arm my anything won't hold on I'm not you something you know I won't be the dude you know that me baby Don't take my arm my hand is low more Because that's not my mind can I can't let it pass Because if you touch my arm my hand is warm on I'm gonna keep my Bruno dry the side Your 113 at 5.60 WQM is now interesting I guess what he's wrong going that one's gone What are how that pensions coming by the way And Sam he's gone he was this cable was that card by the way that you got from W E I and Boston was that from what I thought it was Tracy Caracetal Don't forget Tracy if there's any more fallout from the golf room You got to be the fall guy you're taking a rap Is that what screw-and said? Yeah, that's what you call them told him if there's any more fallout You think he's gonna do it? No, no, I don't see you do that. He's got a good job up there. He don't work here anymore He's not gonna put his nose up her uh back. Oh God, just a thought of that makes me nauseous Man, oh God Speaking of that x-prosy key to recuse this sexually abusing boys dies A former Canadian prosecutor would have been charged with sexually abusing boys is died in for Lauderdale Anus angus McDonald 69 Diet Thursday less than a month before his preliminary hearing was scheduled to begin on three sex charges involving two male complainants The hearing was set to begin on January 17 McDonald was one of 12 men charges as part of a provincial police investigation into allegations that prominent people in the area Sexually abused boys is far back as the 1960s another one of the 12 men retired city doctor Arthur P. 77 died he said one guy's named Anus and the other one says that's P.C. die December 5 he had been committed to stand trial and to trial have been scheduled to take place in the fall of 2000 But I guess it won't now here comes the best part of this story Three priests a retired doctor and another lawyer as well as a couple of small businessmen were among those charged Honey like that, huh? Another isolated trio of incidents there three priests were among those 12 charged of molesting boys and you idiots out there use civil incidents continue subsidizing this largest pedophilia organization in the entire universe it's called a cat-like church How do you like that so next time at this Sunday When you go there or whatever run that you go for your next mass And you put money in the collection plate just keep in mind what you're subsidizing okay Is this gonna do any good? Oh, it's gonna change anybody's mind. Oh, no Because you're like a bunch of robots you're like automaton those of you who continue like they got to call me if you wish to go with that pathetic call Well, you know we're doing this we're and I should do a why you doing it. Oh, well, I don't know We just do it We just do it because we're told that that's what we do We don't think we just go only do it. We don't care where the money's gone. We don't give a crap out there doing or who they're doing And of course your people all boy some of the worst in the world your people are and Oh, by the way, speaking to your people so hural though last night those weren't my people These were when you see you didn't stick around long ago. I wasn't watching neither Because I heard one too many And that was the end for me It was a thing about the Latin's in America and they're influenced and what they've done here in Puerto Ricans over here in Mexican's over there and You know and I only flip back and forth while channel serving but I was lucky enough to come on the segment where it came to Miami and the Cubans did this and a Cuban did that and who is he talking to? In Miami you it's a good thing you did turn it off because of whatever meals you wait last week while you're on vacation They would have all Actually a nice war The anxious one inest the penis sure I'm surprised Mark Benson was none there and any safer. It was Cuban Cuban This town it's like a one-note Charlie man just the same old Tired hacks repeating the same old tired crap Over over an over to speak it about a hatch by the way get some Michael Pouten hit on yesterday morning on his 11 30 in the AM show Dave Barry who's about as funny as a four pound two more on your nose and Carl Heisen Who wasn't even hugging a man at the time? You know Carl Heisen I write you really good column about three times a year and the rest of the time is busy We're writing about wildlife amenities and a bunch of silly crap And This was the most feeble attempt again during my channel serving out of desperation I was watching little bits and pieces and see if anything Plignant might be said the most feeble attempt at humor and satire in the history of the human race Which of course Dave Barry does every time he sits down at a word processor and he's syndicated he's all over the world just like vanilla ice cream See that's one thing nobody will ever convince me of and then just because somebody or something is popular Doesn't make it good Doesn't make it worthwhile doesn't make it funny doesn't make it interesting doesn't make it anything Jay Leno's popular too Is the ever said anything I laughed at oh in his life Johnny Carson was popular was he funny? No, no, maybe once every six months If it gets stomach of that long Popular doesn't make good Tragedy pathetic Dave Barry He's like he's like the rascal house of columnist a state of mind. Yeah, seriously. He is a state of mind Somebody somewhere said oh this guy's really funny. What a dry-width he's got he has no width he doesn't even have a half width And the two of them are on there and trying to be a sarcastic and funny. Oh, yeah We got to build a state of prudron Henry anything you want will also be another arena and they're going on a hole is same Old tired crack This this town is like last centuries. Hall of on not last years last centuries. It's so stale every time you open the window I think the ever-greatness burning or something again No, it's just it's just a stale or roll-man-the-air That's what it is The same old tired assholes that keep perrating out over and over again They talked about mayor pinga that's mayor Alice pinga percania It is my new name for our mirror Alice pinga percania And about the scandal at the airport and about how all of his friends were one of the got contracts It's now he's gonna be the one that's got this blue ribbon panel to investigate the fox investigation And they had some good points, but the desperate attempts to be funny. I mean, you know They should have had somebody with a shit at Chuck Barris there with a gong or major bows to gong these vassings off the stage God Yuck yuck yuck And I should have had somebody in the background go yuck yuck yuck tragic And speaking of yuck yuck yuck here's a classic and didn't I say what I started this? It will be at least three weeks without the calls to the end of the year. I made a pledge on that I accept on the tapes where we have caught the best of we were in there and we had any calls. No, no, and we won't And then I do that we'll see But here's a facts from a chronic factor and liar two by the way Because it says before I went on vacation a few weeks ago and this person the handwriting has factions I'm not been taken a call in addition to which it wasn't a few weeks ago. I stopped taking a call This is the third week so it was two weeks ago three weeks today But this lying gibbering idiot rights Unsigned of course, but it's worth it for the humor and the illiteracy before I went on vacation a few weeks ago You were not taking any call and I can't imagine I am back. You still not taking any calls I following this grammar I can't imagine I am back. You still not taking any calls I am just getting tired of you blabbering on and on The purpose of you show is to take phone calls If you keep this up everybody's gonna stop listening to you. How do you like that the purpose of you show is to take phone calls? That the purpose of the show? Oh, no, the purpose of the show is to be entertaining I'm using stimulating aggravating whatever it is and that isn't by taking phone calls Whoever wrote somewhere that the having a talk show means you got to take stupid phone calls Did anybody ever write that? Is it engraved in the stone? No, no, did Albert Einstein say at the man of the century? No, no, which is a joke but nevertheless The purpose of you show is to take phone calls so we can let's do a bunch of blathering idiots Going like that Like I said I listened very carefully the calls on those sports shows now. I wouldn't give you a dime for all of them put together There's almost never out of the end and then the suck and around one Hank had a call was either Thursday or Friday. It was unbelievable unbelievable From somebody who also claimed to have been out of town some very articulate young guy who calls in Oh, I've been out of time a couple of weeks and I hear now that they're gonna be building the Stating for John Henry and by Centennial Park that it's a done deal and Hank says no and Hank explains in 20 seconds or less what we've all been talking about for days and this guy says oh gee I knew if anybody could explain it very clearly to me will be you Hank If anybody could cut away the BS and make it understandable it will be you and I thought to myself God on money I had a look at my dashboard to see if the radio was going to invert and go right to the guy damn hood From the suction So that's almost called or want to do is either take a deep shot or more often than not suck around Oh, I mean I agree with everything you say you're so right about about the You're so right about so who cares is that entertaining? Here's somebody calling say you're so right about what ever No Do I care if anybody if any if one person out there thinks I'm right about anything? No, no, I couldn't give a crap less Some I job to sit or change your mind and twist your opinion. I just give mine that's what I get paid Give my opinions entertain the truth for hours every day Just like the idea you remind me of my like music like I'm gonna sit here and change your just taste and music Oh, I'm sure if I like a song do I have to get his vote of approval first? No, I forget it I know it's tasting music sucks and I know mine is great I'm sitting here look at a Tommy Brady. He looks pretty good to me. Okay. I know I have good taste taste this. Hmm God I would I would clean his teeth with my tongue. I really will I would clean his gum. What are you laughing about? Just like haven't you ever seen dogs do that to each other animals do that My little dog always did that to big dog and just drives him nuts. Okay, just get away tiny Leave my long-awaited you idiot you pervert always looks good with the stuff out of their teeth. Oh, God He's cleaning his teeth for me. He's doing an isha. I do that note. I could be the dental hygienist Here, let me stick this in your mouth Tommy and my tongue too. What Tommy Brady I'll tell you one thing baby you can play on my team any day the week that's what the mad dog said Even manager I think has got a developing a thing for Tom Brady. He's so into that game coming up. He's a very handsome young man Who can't see that? Exactly there you go. What's not to like So anyway, here's another fact keep these facts just cut him by the way. We had some good communication going there for a while On the facts machine out today of course the first 400 pages of facts paper before 10 o'clock this morning Had to get wasted by those assholes at Gulfstein Park stop facts in your stuff for other people on the station who are facts machine. You're killing us Especially then the worst offenders to whether like Gulfstein Park. I mean, maybe my friend Roy Slantoff is still got enough mentality Let's let the tell those idiots over there don't fact to this number do I want that stuff is this for us? That's not their machine. It's not their thing. Okay, send it to Hank send it to Ed get a guy damn number 60 5000 pages wasted with Gulfstream opening this and got the whole schedule every race. They're gonna have the next 20 years Do we want that stuff? Oh no stop fucking us already. Okay, you maniacs The fact number by the way 305 650198 305 650198 maybe on Wednesday Because I won't be here Thursday and Friday since actually it's close to New Year and we got to play tapes But maybe I'll win they will take a vote Off the year of course How what do you think and on the calls Because when they will be the official end of the last these three weeks of no phone calls and number find out if you're in like Should not know course. I'll make up my own mind anyway, but that would be kind of interesting Well, no, I'm not gonna let them dictate cuz then all the colors will cause it oh no juice You know the guy with the eyes will be other 20 times Conan Tell us about how interesting and elucidating yours is what this calls and forgot what a fanny pack that asshole too. Oh You know why me and he's an asshole. Yeah See the thing that amuses me is that the people who are the worst colors. They think they're great colors People like Andy Moss. Oh George. It's the he could see it like you'll colors he really makes it excited You could see intellectuals. I'm I'm very upset about that too, but oh yeah, I can tell yeah. I'm disturbed Deeply they can all tell that too 1126 at 560 W Q a m on Is it last year, but even gets late Is glory I will be here. I'm going to be a great guy. I'm going to be a great guy. So Tommy is ready. I'm going to be a great guy. My first time I spoke to him off here. I said a cocktail frank with Duke. It's 1131 at 5.60 WQAM. And here's a desperate fact. So these people are they desperate. From Patrick out there. I'll save you the embarrassment. Patrick and Pepper Pine. Although I do like the little racion on that. Who was. And then now he's revived it even. He's stuck in a row of even heavier due to any Senate originally like half an hour ago. He starts out with a couple of things to hear about this and this one about some other story. But that's all for play. It's all facts for play. Because now we get to point number three, which is really what this fact is all about. Patrick, is that what it's all about? Oh yeah. Please please please. Four pleases. Give me the tickets. The man that Joe Costello return them. No. First of all, Joe Costello's admission right now in Detroit. And gross point where to some white people. Okay, Patrick. I'd like you. This is an appore vanilla ice cream eating schwarza. No, it's schwarza with an ER. Unless you're a woman Patrick this week. Schwarza Schmoh, who's never been in the state. And formerly known as Joe Robby without ushering or serving food. What's wrong with that? Isn't that what dark folks are supposed to do with ball parks. Is usher in sir food? There you go, Patrick. You better know your place, Mr. Please if you find it within the parameters of the kindness of your heart. Then you can reach me at 9.54 with a phone number or email me at ff.com. My name is Patrick. How do you like that? Isn't that sad? And didn't I just, didn't I mention very clearly? Then I go through a big song to dance and say, I don't have the tickets. You already gave him away to somebody else. His father, his brother and lads. I'm Schlepper on the street. Some a stranger. He sold him. He, uh, scout them. I don't know what he did with him. Maybe put him in his rectum. That went up to, well, I should get with him. I don't know. I don't have any tickets, Patrick. But if anybody in the arms would like a pair, get on that phone. See, just in just in case, I'll tell you what. We got the Pokemon cards and dolls and everything else. We've got Pokemon himself in here. And tickets for the night's game. Anybody who can call right now and give me a list within 30 seconds every bit in order that I played on a show on Friday. You've got to take a tour. Six five. Oh, what's wrong with that? Six five. Oh, one nine. A course that we'd have to go back and listen to the take, which would take probably longer than me. Probably get done around midnight tonight. Just in time to get on the turnpike and play it all across coming back from that game. And of course, they'll all be all just driving real good. That's a little lesson for all you smart people out there. Don't be driving anywhere near that stadium. Before and especially after tonight's. That's just a little hint from yours truly view because it's pretty a few. We've created. Pasticated. Walking assholes on the road to the front. The dolphin and the jet on a Monday night. The worst nightmare of your life. There couldn't be anything worse. They're worried about the millennium scare. This is a thousand times worse than anything could happen on New Year's Eve. Is during a holiday break the dolphin's jet's game on a Monday night. Now what are you laughing so hysterically about? Because I shouldn't know what's your nothing I said. What do you just say? Please don't tell me he's got tickets. No. You heard you say you had something so he came in to get some. To get one. Not tickets. Cocktail Franks. Not cocktail Franks. What else did I say I had? Poked him on cards. And he was serious. Yeah. The nephew was serious. Chris Reed. Of course we do know it runs in the fan. Oh, by the way, before I. Happy birthday to Ralph C. The Puerto Rican jet fan from plantation. Who's got tickets for today's game. By the way, he factes me. Nice going. Ralph. And also says George thanks for the tape. You haven't only made a tape for this. Oh, you're welcome. Well, you wouldn't have known he was Puerto Rican. But you wouldn't have gotten the tape. But anyway, you didn't nice job there in the. Yeah. The nephew, it doesn't fall far from the tree. I guess. Not a bad guy. But I'm going to tell you when push comes to show. Yeah. You can see he didn't fall far from the tree. Man. Comes in here for the Pokemon cards. Yeah. What else could we make up that we got here? Get these phones blazing? Get a little money. All 10,000 dollars. No, no. That's too simple. Something that they really want. Really really badly, desperately. Free trip to Amsterdam with you. No, no chance of that. And by the way, what are you doing to go there all day? What's your typical day line? What's your typical day line? How about here? What's your typical day line? When you get up in the morning, you have a good ball move. Yeah, especially when Peter Leonard brings me in some of that really good crap. Why don't you try a couple of these candy bars over here. George, we haven't had any lunch here yet today. Why not try 15 or 20 of those candy bars? Won't you know more all week? And then the best part of Peter Leonard comes into this morning. And I'm telling him about the best from men to experience I had with those candy bars that see in gigantic letters on them. Excessive consumption may have a lack of the effect. And he says, oh, I've been crap in my brains out all week. How you like that? Peter, formerly full of it, but now I get quite so full of it Leonard. So how about some Pokemon cards? Anybody else wants them? We got some to give away here that were brought in by our good fortune. Come on, let's go. 560, 560. Get those kids off your back, okay? Even if you couldn't find them for Christmas, better late than ever. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. We'll even let you pick and choose which ones you want. We got toys, we got dolls, we got furbies from last year. We got hula hoops, whatever you want, we got them. Beanie babies. Look at that. Yeah, we got beanie babies too, there you go. Oh, we got the hunny bears. Slightly used hunny bears from Aaron Summers. There you go. Squared squirrel. Yeah. We got slightly used condoms from Peter. Squared squirrel north. Oh, he really came in and said that. I'm just, I don't know what to say. I'm sorry. Oh, my god, the nephew. The nephew comes in here and actually honest to God says, Can I have some of those? Oh, go. I feel like I better run out and take a shower somewhere. How could there be so many slow people all in one place? I don't want to say dumb because they resent that dumb. Like Greg, you know, like, you know, I don't know. Yeah. Come on. 22 before noon at 5.60. WCM don't panic. I know we're not doing Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny, but in a couple of hours, you can Danny and Jimmy. Oh, he hurts content. 11 hours of pregame festivities starting with Hank out there at P.P. Park. And then we got the Hank with that more is four and then it's five the official, whatever. We got hours and hours and hours of Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny. And then if you're lucky you won't hear it. You won't hear it. Just a guy to either. Oh, you know, using him, he does the color on U.M. sports now on a basketball game. Using him in conjunction with the word color is just, it's an abortion. Can you think of a more colorless person in the history of the human race than Joseph Gaki? No. Blanned colorless tapioca pudding. I'm not going to please. I'm not going to please. It just stopped. It just died. It died. It died. It died. It died. It died. It just stopped at the end of that spot. I just built an imprint. Oh, it's just another time. The U.A.M. dot com. The role in the latest dolphins information in your case. So we're in great size. We're going to beat the broadcast from your 420-560-WCU-A-M. The U.A.M. dot com. The U.A.M. dot com. The U.A.M. dot com. The U.A.M. dot com. The U.A.M. dot com. The U.A.M. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The U.A. dot com. The I.A. dot com Denjaviewürfree rockets,electric. Add rupees 2, slides. AqTrima got Far North away, trans nonprofit. pub Add mini, Physique, HE don't stop. E 뭐듭 that there. Has 싶 your name coming. She could out with, idiots like I have all time resist something like that. I mean maybe getting old and old but seen I'll get thought that I was stubborn so but not like that. Here is the exact same fact that this embezzled with a phony name, fact then weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and months ago when they first put the waffin on the air the station with the billboard but no audience. About how I just thought a radio station that wasn't sold to lists there then they don't hang up on people. Remember the script? Look at the facts. Oh, he's still had it in the book. Yeah, it's the same facts. Just put it back out. Yeah, and he just punched it back up on a doubt he punched it out and the facts too. All the way I do love this part. It says another thing which is a very important issue is that when someone calls your radio station with a accent you guys vanked and met me as racism you know who I'm talking about just like Neil Rogers calling Spanish people speaks which that is very wrong. And I hope I can talk some sense. Just the same and who else are the speaks? Are they Spanish people? Yeah. Are our Greek speaks? No. Israeli? No. Russian? No. German? No. Dutch? No. French? No. Spanish people are speaks. So what's the very, where he says I'm very wrong about that in my wrong? No. Spanish people are like right. Jewish people are kikes. Black people are shfarts. Cloths, sports monkeys, spooks. What else? Huh? Oh, here's another fact. Oh, this facts machine is really true. It's Patrick again, facts. It's me. Patrick, let me say it again. The word is, it's like the Gary Sarner of a listener is out there, Patrick. The word is, oh no. I'll speak of the Gary Sarner by the way, you were away and I just this bird's much again. So I ended a parking lot one day last week in the middle of the week hadn't seen him in a cool zade. Oh, there's another one. hadn't seen him in a very long time. And, oh, well, that's been to a computer. They're just trying to make you happy. They just want to, I said, don't you understand it. Gary, the word was. No. I'm not interested. Don't you get it? Well, where is it now? It's in a box in my house. And that's where it's going to stay in the box. Anybody want that computer in that screen? By the way, I think I will give that away. I thought we were going to put that in here. I think I'll give away the computer. Okay. It's the holidays man. Let's give something to the audience. We don't have any Pokemon card that we just did joke. We don't have any dolphin jets to get that was just a joke. But I do have any of those. A computer. I don't even know what brand of this. But it's a good one. It's a 56k. Huh? And I got a little monitor that goes with it. That was sent to me. Uncertainly that I don't want. Maybe we'll give that away in the year today. Somebody's got something good to say. Or not as a case maybe. Here's another fact that says, do I want those stupid dolphin tickets? Oh, and you know what it says in a bottom? I was a little slow on the up there. Kind of bottom it says no no no no no no no no no no. I just go on Rick. However, you are, Rick said it. Maybe it was Rick Riley. Who probably is too busy going to the tractor pole and I had to go to some stupid dolphin again. I just go on Rick. Like he said. No no no no no no. Let's give away that computer with monitor. Okay, here on 560 QA. Let's run some kind of a bogus contest. What do you say? And we just as this is good as our third channel people. We don't have a conscience here but we're proud of it. We play the old bait and switch game. But I talk about it here on here. Do they care? I'm sure they do care. But too bad. You want to be a Roger show. You're going to wind up in a goddamn hurricane dodgeball game. Too bad. That's what's on at that time. That's what you bought. You bought a time period. You didn't buy a show. You bought a time slot dummy. God. Here's a great letter to the editor from RJ Brett in Tevernear. VRADT that is. This is in the hero's Sunday. I don't know who knows when. It doesn't make any difference. It says don't give criminals a second chance. Right on target RJ. It says Ray Greg Code Texas December 17 column columns fall out what next. I take issue with the statement. Warx crime was victimless. Ripping off a merchant by whatever method is largely. And the merchant no matter how prosperous and wealthy is a victim. Mr. Code Texas in different than indulgence in wrongdoing by a youth because he is that politically exceptional. And this advantage is a dangerous president. He minimizes the seriousness of Mr. Warx actions, which the New York downtown athletic club boards and serious enough to exclude Mr. Warx. Not what standing his athletic prowess from nomination for the Heisman trophy. Mr. Code Texas failure to publicly recognize B. to Warx actions as serious enough to be a precursor to further right-hand social behavior. Is it a travesty RJ Brett in Tevernear and I score like I said RJ Greg Code Texas race. But you're so typical of the juxtaphyrs in his town. I've been screaming and yelling and I will continue to do so about this as long as I have a breath in my putrid back to him body. Ashols covering up for minimizing sucking up to scumbags. Okay, worshipping scumbags putting him up on a pedestal and sitting on a some kind of great role model. Somebody do it be admired by the youth of America. You're at a disgrace Greg Code Texas and by the way guess what the panthers beat the peck with the series five years ago. Nothing I want to keep going back to that and holding it over your head. But I will anyway because wrong is still wrong. See something great going on this town. He decided to be negative to pee on our parade back then five years ago. When the panthers made that big playoff run. He decided to be Mr. Negative to the any was wrong. He didn't know his ass from his elbow. Wouldn't know how he pucked his bucket and they are too. But when it comes to covering up for some damn jack who's busy shoplifting with the help of his friends in a department store and guess what by the way? That particular department store would be a miracle if they stay open. How does it stay open? I just don't get it. I like diligence. I was there just a few days ago. I was there on the day on Christmas Eve day. I don't like that. Was that ball here what? I mean you go shopping on Christmas Eve day. That's too bright and that parking lot was jammed. I thought a parking spot about two and a half miles away from the store. I wanted it in there and you know something about all the cars. It must have been the people for pennies and burtines that were parking in there a lot because there was almost nobody in the store. Now there were a few people in there. Salesmen. I'm telling you, have you ever been in there? Have you been in a village? Yeah, it's great. They have nice merchandise. Oh shit, so it's a little priceier than some of your schlox stores. But still, it's a great store that the good people are giving gifts. Why don't you don't want to give somebody a piece of craft? Yeah, I don't. Oh, I know what's speaking of that. Let me say the word space because maybe you didn't hear the comment I made last week that lean mean fat grill and machine that you gave me for my birthday. Radius gift I ever had in my life. Really? I was afraid to ask because you didn't say anything because I had you. I had news that. Okay. I'm not really. I don't know what he said. I don't know what he said. I don't know what he said. I was going to go out and buy five pounds of hamburger meat just that day just because you gave me the gift. I eat what I eat when I'm ready. You know, I'm saying Tommy Brady. There you go. What do you laugh at about? Huh? I bet you he knows good meat. So but seriously, those are the best hamburgers in the history of mankind in that lean mean fat grill and machine and you put that little whatever you call it. Receptical thing in front of it. The little rip-a-half thing. It's on a pan like a little plastic drip container. Catcher. Yeah, the drip catcher. Scored score it. If you got like something bad, you caught it. I think they have those at that swing club. George goes to they have a drip catcher. Scored score it. Yeah. But anyway, it's great. Five minutes. Five minutes. Here's this. Now see how I lost the instruction book. Assuming one came with it. All of you probably took it out. No, I don't know. I misplaced it. I got it somewhere. So I'm probably in there. It tells you to preheat the thing before you stick your meat in there. Always get a good warm before you stick your meat in there. That's a good lesson for all your kids out there. Like two minutes is good. Preheat it for two minutes. It's nice and hot. By the end while that's preheating, you're slapping your hamburger or you're slapping your meat and getting a nice and the rating going there and putting a little seasoning on it. And you stick it in there and it cooks both sides. It once you've taken out of there four to five minutes, four to five minutes. You take it out. You slap a nice piece of cheese. I know you put it in the microwave 22 seconds. You've got the best guide name cheeseburger in the history of the human race. That has a timer on it. Right. It said, I mean, it said on a box of it. That works. Just do the timer and dig. You've said it for a minute. It's one minute or two whatever. And then it dings. It starts beeping with about 20 seconds to go with deep. Like 20 Orlando at nox three times. And then you open up and there's your meat is beautiful. Beautiful. Nice going George Formal. Don't say I never say anything good about Boxes. Okay. I love George Formal. Have you ever seen the information? Oh, yeah. It's crazy. It's incredible. Great. He's a panic. The lean knee, wheel and machine baby. And I bet all the people in the audience, if you're searching like a lot of you, I'm sure were for a last minute holiday gift. Go out there and get it. I can't imagine anybody who wouldn't love that. I mean, no matter how many different appliances you've got, you microwave and your barbecue, I got an outdoor grill. I've great. What kind is it that the Weber grill? But ever happened to that guy, but I'm sorry. But no, I do. I have a great Weber grill out there that I use a lot. But I'm telling that there is no a better hamburger is in the work. Because even when you have a grill outside, you still got to flip your meat. And I would love to you guys out there enjoy flipping your meat, but how about those hamburgers? This way you just like Ron Popele would say you set it and forget it Tadies. Yeah. Although he didn't make this, he must be selling a lot of those goddamn, you must have seen that six times. What do they call those? The pasta maker? No, no, no, forget the pasta maker. The thing with the window that slides out that you're cook your ducks in your your keep ons in your chickens in your turkeys in there. The thing with the, you haven't seen that? Oh, I'm behind. How could you miss that for crying out loud during the holidays when there's no guy then nothing on television with 85 channels and 200 to the satellite dishes and there's still nothing on. There's nothing like a good information. See, I hate to admit it. I find some of those really entertaining. I see and you don't agree with me. There you go. I find a minute and I've seen the same one where he does be entertaining in an amusing way. I'll tell you who else is good is that silly British guy with a bad teeth like all over the rest of them and he read suspenders and he's got that thing where he had twisted and across side bits that's on there that those who's overwhelmed with everything. Oh my goodness. I can't believe it. What a bargain. Only 25 payments are 60 bucks. 25 easy payments are 60 bucks. You know the thing I'm talking about is shredder. Yeah, which is a piece of direct. You can tell by looking at it. It's a piece of crap. But I will say this. They had the consumers reports which are I hate those people by the way. They're for a crap. They're never less the consumers reports people are one of the morning shows a few weeks ago. Whether everybody getting ready to shop for Christmas and they rated a lot of these different information products and the Ron Pope Hill. I wish somebody would tell me what the name of them is. You should have wrote history. It's a wrote history thing. I think I've seen it but not like just slipping. Yeah, you open it up and it's got a split. And you take the thing out and you stick it through your chicken or your ducks or whatever and you just push it back into thing up there. You set your time or you set it and forget it. How can you not have seen that in for Marshall? Everybody knows all these to squeeze themselves thinking about it in for Marshall. Show time wrote history. Show time wrote history. Girl, thank you so much. See, once in a while we end. That's what the phone is good for. When we're like dumb, which is most of the time, I ask a question or George asked a question. And then they call him say, here's the answer. Tell me, thank you. That's what the phone is for. Oh, gosh. Okay. The fill in the gaps when we all we can say about it is, Eeehh, we don't know. The show time or history, girl. I highly recommend it. I don't even have one. Huh? In fact, we had to get around. Hope you're about going to show on the phone one day. Just so I can tell him I'm making a little more than the last time he asked that a person question. How come I answered that question by the way? Here's a guy who obviously he makes more in a day than all the rest of us do in a year, including even me who makes a few books. He's a multi-multime multi-mitted aer pedaling crap. He finally came out with a good product. Unlike that orange piece of crap that what did they call that thing that you with a vegetable, the dyesier slicer? I don't know the slide. And the pocket fisherman, vegematic. I'm sorry. Vegematic. The apologies to Bob and Tom, the vagematic. Are you not in the pocket fisherman? Yes. The pocket rocket. Maybe Tommy Brady would like one for his birthday. A pocket fisherman. So you've never just been driving another road and really had a hanker into fish. That's her. I've had a hanker in for Tom Brady driving on the road. And I'd like to be his own personal pocket fisherman. Maybe I could find a trouser trout. Four minutes before noon at 5.16. WQM. Let's hear it for Ron Popeille. Maybe. Show time. Rotisserie. What is it? Whatever that thing is. Grilled. But not as good as the lean mean fat grown machine. Oh, that thing. I'm not exaggerating. Why would I say they're green? See the wife was not going to shoot saying that you weren't going to like it. Well, guess what? Christol. You're losing. Now she probably didn't have you. I was she had me believing her. I said, the wall he didn't hear and say anything. I didn't want her back. Because I hadn't tried it yet. I wasn't going to ask you. I was terrified. It sucks. Okay. It's a piece of crap. No, I'm glad. No, I'm not going to go. You don't have one? No. Oh, we got two different grills for curds. Get the grills. I'm telling you right now. The best. Give it a try. Oh, my god. It's a good body game. I can't take too much, but a few strikes out by Matt. Right, sir. That's for Annabrieg. Your air blew me to the can. I'm not a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I can't take too much, but a few. No. I can't take it at all. I ask for it's rubble. Let's rub. And officially, Sorbit Hall. Oh, no, I'll be a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I'm a foul. I can't take too much, but a few. It goes through me too fast and free. Time I can't take too much. So, about 250, 250. Matt, Matt, I'm all distracted here today because I keep looking to the picture Tom Brady and thinking, boy, he sure would look a lot better without the shirt off. Anyway, here's the facts from Joe, a whole year from Hailea. It was a good guy, but 10, he'd be a little chronic down to Facts Machine. Welcome back, George, he says. And of course, leave it to Hailea to spell over the J. Says that you've got my vote in the votes of a couple of dead relatives for the possible new format. That's how we do it in Hailea. So, right, get those dead relatives to vote in on Wednesday. We vote on the format. Very, very, very fascinating thing I saw on CNN yesterday in a very implausible place. You know, that show both sides, the OFFE both side, the Jesse Jackson. Now how they spell it? B-O-FE both sides. So, anyway, Jesse was on here who makes me sick to my stomach, but nevertheless, the topic was religion. And of course, I'm always glued to any show that I thought we were talking about religion. And they had one guy on there kind of a some Getsky who was actually telling like a one. They had three, they had some reform rabbi on there who kept going. Oh, oh, oh, and then of course they had some cat-lick shill on there, you know. We're almost at that at least one token cat-lick shill on everyone of these panels to make sure we keep everybody else in line under penalty of death. They kept flashing this little swastika, I don't know what that meant. But anyway, so they were talking about the, you know, the role of religion plays in the fundamentalist and the extremist and isn't that. And the one guy, the first one who was dark and plugged in by the way, kept alluding the fact that all the horrible things that are done in the name of religion. And because people refuse to make you an offer or you can't refuse. So they brought up some statistics which I found to be astonishing. See an end poll. And of course, you know how people lie about this stuff. Huh? The first question is there are Americans? What percentage of you are? They said 79% of Americans say they have no doubt of the existence of a God. 79% which means about 25-30% are liars. 60% of the of the whole on the west said they have faith in God to do stuff. To do something like maybe best have a good VM. Now here comes the most interesting statistic. Well, and I wish I would because I didn't have a pin handy, it was going to write it down. And they flashed off on the screen so fast. Mostly because of the embarrassing stuff. They don't want you to see too good. How many people in America said religion plays an important part of their lives? And this of course, coming at a time when it continued giving us this peddling as this crap. Oh, yes, there's tremendous religious reticence on. And young American people are looking for spirituality and yada yada yada. 54% say religion plays an important role in their lives in America. In the Netherlands 25%. In England 19%. And then there were two or three other countries under England. And I said, oh, yeah. How do you like that? Let me say it again, the new west 54% of the people in this survey said a religion plays an important part of their lives. And in the Netherlands 25%, it was interesting because that was the second right underneath. And you want to know what? Because that means that's why so many of them are having a good time over there. That's why they know how to live and live in the people who are going to hold a long. And England only 19%, which gave me a renewed appreciation for those silly briths. Maybe silly. And they may be blocked and loud and obnoxious. And they may worship a queen, but nevertheless, they know how to have a good time. And you like that. And then I've said with this religion, of course, I don't know if they took a poll in northern Ireland. Something like that. Speaking of the briths, isn't that something 79% of the people responding in the US? Because it's one of those obligatory things. Do you like your mother? It's one of those kind of a question. And of course, they wouldn't have pulled George in that. I know you would have been bad. They would left you out on the poll. I hate just that no one will speak, you know, bitch rude Christmas again. At least, are you going to start? Are you going to start on this? Can't you wait to Martin Luther Cooen Day comes up when I'm out of here? Can't you wait till then? All right. Are you going to take all the time? No, I don't. It's all right. Talk about that. He woke you up at 430 this morning. That wasn't done. That was done. I understand, but that's just all like a little sidebar. George's mother whom he hates like poison. George is Cuban mother whom he despises like poison. And wishes would die a wicked wicked death soon. Very, very soon. Immediately, if not sooner, like maybe five minutes ago, my brothers were getting crat because of what I say about our mother. They're cohort. And why am I one of them? They say he's the only one of us who will speak to her. Yeah, which is true. Well, why do you speak to her? That's me. Remember what I was saying earlier about liking people that everybody else is? Yeah, you speak to her because you need her like a baby sitter. Exactly. You need her for certain things. Just like if you had a couple of dogs and need your mother's location, maybe you can relax. Dogs, you other people. Right. They have a function, but got all my. Watch yourself now. This could become very insensitive here. We wouldn't want George to get a reputation as being insensitive. Because we always heard that those people were to force getting a lot more sensitive. Eight minutes after you're known at five, 60 WCW, I'm like, I just tell them which is your problem. Oh, we come and don't put that up on the same Sunday. I break the fire and the hang of your child across the USA. What do you call her? What does this lie here? This cry and valley who has a bunch of squares again this year, who says that I wish to fuck God loves the A-Rish. To let the curse your day, if you are, you want the marching upon the same Saturday. You can be a bummer, a bummer short, and that's okay, but you can't see any riships to go. Now the order of Hyperionium, both Eminem's is great. Have delivered this pronouncement upon the Blessed Day. Sure, a little bit half-seven, pal, and nothing can be. What's your gone straight to hell, before the sexuality? Oh God, it's obviously A-Rish, but for today, that's because there's an outcome of the next day in the face. You can be a carnama, a dandadla, of the anyway, but you can't be A-Riships to go. For L-E-S-P-I-A, and a f-B-L-S-B-N, choose another women part I made with, from Devil Amundin ever get a date with L-E-S-P-I-A, and we say, all right, the shame that the date wants a car out and parts with a love-be-n, no way, but just that carnale part, be sure to suggest straight. The piles like the Kennedy's, the days and degrees, we won't allow L-E-Departon to wear another green net. And when we say up to E-Riships, this is what we mean. Oh, carnama, see A-Riships, long as minimum end. Yeah! It's a perhaps another carnama, we've never been sure of that. You can be seen in Drunk and Ireland chunks to laugh it all away. But you can see A-Riships, okay? No, just that's B-A-Riships, you mean? Don't even try A-B, you know, you mean? You've turned. Of 14 at 5.60 W-U-M-S, we continue rolling long, singin' a song, take a no-call, and all right, how come nobody call for that computer or a new yam monitor, by the way? I find the Pokemon thing, even if you come as walking in here, do we have any of those cars? Oh, or anything, uh, we poke in anything? Oh, no. Poked this. And the dolphin jet tickets, which like I said, you'll castella while I'm sure is already given away. But something that you know I've got in my possession that I absolutely do not want any part of, uh, and it's not an expensive computer, maybe 150 bucks, and the monitor, how much were cheap monitor, maybe 100? A lot of big ones, it's a small one, and the monitor too. And it's sitting there both sitting in a box. What am I gonna do with those? Do I need them? No, do I want them? No. Well, anything to do with Gary Sarner, do I ever want to see him again? No, of course not. So we find to get to something that is tangible that I got my idea that I have, and he's idiots, God. Here's a facts from Danny at Carolina Mountain Water. And by the way, speaking of Carolina Mountain Water, brings me back to my, uh, invoice here from my good friends of Coligan. Nice going there by the way, Todd's recue idiot. You scumbag, God. He's an asshole. Yeah. And didn't I predict that right here on the air? Uh, who in fact every time I did that spot, I used to say, well, just a matter of time, he's destroying his account, and then he blames it on that poor, uh, Mark Lipovsky at the agency. That poor bastard. That poor pathetic bastard. Yeah, blends it on him. This guy wouldn't give me any copy that made sense. They remember, remember, the, the evolution of that account was the epitome of this radio station. They could take gold and spit it into pure crap with an SH. I'm serious. They could take, uh, bars of gold and spit it into five minutes. Oh, look at those phones, Ray, and man, they want that computer, huh? We're not answering the phone, though. So we're going to do that. Every line is smoking. That's more calls right now than we get in a month of Monday. The only problem is, George ain't answering the phone. No, maybe you can explain it to me. How does that work? What's that? When you're not answering the phone and we're trying to give something away. How do we do it? We'll all roll a die and then that personal win. They died. So anyway, here's this, uh, what's I safe just to show to you so you could actually see what we own, uh, four eyes, uh, invoice from Coligan, mail the WCWM, then you'll run your show for the water that we had out here in the hallway, which at one time I think was a trade deal at the death of our family. Yeah. Yeah. But then of course after a gratogrex screwed up our relationship, they came in here. They loved me. They were peeing all over. We were drowning in a flood here. And I even Alice never saw somebody guy dim, uh, so much water. Even Jesus and Moses put together. Couldn't have parted there was so much floating in here. Came to my house, peed all over my leg, sat on a sofa, the one guy who left the company by the way the next week, but nevertheless, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, all we love you. We're so excited. We're delighted to be on with it. They put in a system in my house and all the other good crap. Hey, Coligan, man. You know, and I got there a water stop in a thing, which I've been using for a long time, which I do pay for by the way, but nevertheless, and all of a sudden we went from the top of the mountain to the press crapper with the Coligan account. And I just use that as a perfect example of how this radio station and this sales department, who are just like a bunch of loose cannons. loose cannons. We don't have any sales management. They're out too busy doing, got only those what. Roll. Who knows what they're doing? Or who they're doing? Although we've got a pretty good idea. So here's this bill for $98 in the 53 cents from Coligan, which I'm ripping up on here right now. I'm not paying it. Oh, I sure hope that this doesn't screw their credit up here that they get behind out of Bill. Huh? You don't think that this could, there is nothing that could happen. It could screw up these people's credit. They want to be, please. They haven't paid a bill since before Jesus was a, was a, was a, was a, a figment of somebody's imagination. So Danny from Caroline, a mountain water faxes, it says since you're not busy with call, can you help me out? Did things pull out last night against L.A., I don't know who pulled it up, but I don't know the score. See, maybe somebody that you ought to know is, of course, then you have to answer the phone, don't do it. Maybe somebody will faxes the final score between Phoenix and L.A. last night. Also, Danny says I'm taking getting a bull carrier like Spuds McKenzie. No, anybody know where to get one, and he wants to know about prices and temperament. Why don't you think about a bull carrier? Oh, they're nasty little dogs. Can't for many wants to know? They're ugly. Yeah, they're ugly and they're nasty. Well, maybe Danny's ugly and nasty, I don't know. I don't know, Danny, maybe somebody will fax me some information about a bull carrier and also give us the final score of the penis L.A. game last night on the West Coast. I have no idea, I can start at 1030 and long, long before I have no idea. Here's from Jeff and Pepper Pine, oh, before I get to Jeff, because I really want to dwell on this because this is something really great. That I hope a lot of you will go out there and get. Here's a new year's resolution for you. This is from my new close personal friend, Susan Garcia, who's become a regular fact. You're not chronic, but she's good. It says you were talking about the George Forman Grill. I originally bought the small one, which you can make a only two hamburgers with. Then I decided to buy the biggest one. She says my cholesterol has dropped very much. How do you like that? And you know something? The receptacle, the little plastic thing, the drip, the drip thing, tray. The drip tray, very good, excellent. The drip tray that you're sticking front of the thing and the fact is slides down because it's a slope that's an angled thing. The frying thing is an angled surface, so it drips down into a little frying tray. That's the thing. It drips. But when you're finished, number one, it's amazing how much is in there, how much fat? And number two, have you ever tried to wash one of those? Even with soap, stuff? No. It doesn't, you have to wipe it out. Even if you fill up with like, what am I thinking? What's an enjoy? Stuff like that? You know, stuff that you clean, this is where that dish is. But whatever, joy, that's good enough. God, damn, this soap. Like this soap, like squeeze this stuff. You squeeze it. And you put it in, and usually anything else, like a dish, for example, you've got a dish that you just had a bunch of greasy stuff. You put some water in there with some this soap. And in a little while, you don't even have to hurry up to wash it. You just put the faucet on. It's clean at all. Not in this thing. This is catching the heavy, heavy, a beauty grease, baby. That you don't want to go in your body. But, but it doesn't, it doesn't dry it out. In other words, you don't have like a piece of dry meat when you're done there. Oh, I'm telling you. So anyway, Susan says it's the greatest. I bought another grill from him where the, where there's a dome lid on top. And in the middle, you put juices or dips, and it cooks. But that sounds great. Yeah, you cooked your dip. And like if you want to dip your wick, it says it's also great. They sell them at Walmart and came up for about 89.95. Thank you, Susan. We love George Foreman and his laying grill and fat burn and machine. Oh! So here's Jeff and Pepper Pines who says that would like to start voting on the no phone, phone calls format by saying no calls till Easter, Neil is risen. Oh, God! How do you like that? Nice going, Jeff. Nice suction. I would also like to say you need the audience to vote. Like you need to hammer it. Yeah, but it'll make them feel like they're doing something worthwhile. Just like these stupid calls for that computer. You should have seen all in a sense. I said stupid calls, what I'm gonna drop off. I'm not giving away no computer. What is this? Didn't I say I'm giving nothing away on the ear in the future? I'm not paying that. It's wrong with you people. They're like a bunch of auto-maitons. There's also on the 36 year old male non-believing Jew who was chosen by Arbitron back in September. We sure loved Jeff. First, I would shock to receive once since I thought only minorities received the $4 in the diaries. I guess there was surprise since the only thing I listened to is you and sometimes a little of Hank show. I know you get paid well, but they don't pay you and Hank enough to speak to morons. Keep up the good work on stuff. I didn't say hi in New Year's Day's Game at the Arena for still alive. lawyer, listen to Jeff and Pembo's fine. Nice going there, Jeff. I know what you do is get that a lot of here and go do with some informers. Seriously, can you imagine you might have money in those things? Wow. And I could cross my eyes, you know. Oh yeah, Ron, whatever you say, Ron. I could do a cross-diabricing. I'll probably not. But that's your delicious. You could go on with George Forman. I'd love to go on. I could go on because that's something I really believe in. I could go on over the old vault and a George. Jesus figurine spared in tornado wrecked home. Let's hear it. Oh, Del City, Oklahoma. Wouldn't you know that in the Bible belt? They don't mess with Jesus in the Bible belt. Maybe down here a little bit. Maybe in Michigan. Maybe in New York. Yeah, they mess a lot with Jesus like that music, Brooklyn, New Zealand, of art. They mess with the Virgin Mary with her elephant. Right. Del City, Oklahoma. After a tornado demolished, Linda Rachel's home in May, her friends found scratched and broken pieces of the activity scene that were hand painted by her late mother decades ago. Oh, one friend placed a piece of wrapped in newspaper in a drawer for safekeeping. The only item is rescued from her attic. Last Sunday, hoping to salvage enough to display the activity scene again to this Christmas, Rachel took stock of what she had. Heads were missing and eight inch camel was in eight pieces. And everything was covered in fiberglass and debris from the destroyed house. And then she saw it. Baby Jesus was intact. It's the baby Jesus. Again, he's everywhere. That guy named Baby Jesus. He's everywhere. He's in Miami and little Havana. He's in Del City, Oklahoma. Everywhere you look. There's the baby Jesus who celebrated Christmas here by the way. Oh, I feel so sorry. I feel sorry for that kid. Sure, I feel sorry or sorry or should it be jealous. All the attention that he's getting all the gifts being shoured upon him. He's a superstar. They got those thousands and thousands and thousands of crazy people over there in Havana with a t-shirts with his posts on it. He's like, he's like the Dalai Lama now. And you know something? I think he is the Dalai Lama. Not that silly old man with the glasses in the ball had. He's not the baby Jesus. Leave it to me. He's the Dalai Lama baby. Like they say in Peru, take me to your Lama. And there's our lunch from Tony's and Brad's and all those other great folks. Thank you very much. I don't want to ask a stupid question, okay? Because I realize it's the holidays. And I know I'm getting old and maybe my eyesight is what it used to be. Did he really have green here? I'd live reborn. Oh, I didn't notice. It green here. Hmm. Like a leopard come. I'm seriously at his hair with a season. Or maybe he was just the mansion with Carlos, you know? Maybe that's the Christmas list. Maybe what was trying to do one up on your on my Carlos. Maybe he has something that's red to do. And then she saw the baby Jesus was intact. How do you like that? Oh my God. He was whole. That's what the WHN. He was perfect. I just sat down and and cherished at crying. She said. After losing almost everything she owned, Rachel said fighting the statue. What was a miracle? I know that God and his angels were watching out for as she said, describing with her daughter and fiance how she escaped from being injured by the storm. See, this is why those kids keep getting killed in school. And all these people keep getting shot like in candle and implantation. Because God is watching out for statuettes. He's not watching out for people. I might get shot at him. And anyway, Rachel says he plans to put them in the evidence. He's seen out every year and we go to home in the same spot. The tornadoes that swept your Oklahoma on May 3, 144 people left 8,000 people. The homeless. God wasn't watching out for the 44 people who got killed by the tornadoes. He wasn't watching out for the 8,000 people who were left homeless. He was watching out for the statue of the little baby Jesus. Nice going, God. Oh, look at those beautiful balls from my friends at Tony's. Thanks Brad. 193rd Northwest Second Avenue. And some of the southeast too. And a fork in a knife. Now what if I put Tom Brady real close to those? Huh? Why you can always dream? You can always fantasize. What you have for lunch, Tom Brady's sausage. 26 after noon at 5. 60 W to Q and the. You're a bad up by day. What up? What up? You're a hunger. Wow. You're a feeling the strange effects of all the crap been eating in cheap restaurants. Hello. Mokers. It's going. I need your help. What's up? Something's going on inside me. I feel like I'm going to explode. It's my smile. What do you do with the forces of nature turn on you? Scally. I'm feeling it too. Watching it. Be. I don't know. My room is filled with a stranger. Oh my. My chance. Maybe. Oh my. It's my smile. We'll scally in Molder's nearby. Must get too fast. Next slide. It's scally in Molder's first encounter with an only identified. I'm smoking. I'm shooting. I'm an adventure girl. It's just materializing there. Next slide. Spiles. Eight. It's better than the rest of the crap.va. What's going on, Sir? I'm dressing. That's all I'm doing. Go ahead. I'm a fool, it's time to go I'm a fool, it's time to go I'm a fool, it's time to go Oh my bed, hey, he wants to meet me But you we are working man But mama, she wants to meet me But you should be busy again But then one day I met him I said, please, please You hurt, hot, good, good And I was like, the first take care of him So now I'm most deeply going to win again I'm out in the car and most of the choice I spoke to the choice when I played TV And the theory that I was in college I was not reviewing I spoke to the judge, it's time to dream As soon as I've won I spoke to the judge, and most of the choice And then I spoke to the judge You hurt, hot, good, good And I was like, the first take care of him I spoke to the judge, and most of the choice And then I spoke to the judge And then I spoke to the judge And then I spoke to the judge And then I was like, the second take care of him Oh, my dear, he was the reason he would be my rookie man The Mama, he was the reason he'd been dead But then one day, I said, man, he cared to me as a kid I thought, I'm gonna go and then I'll go and find The sick care, ha, that's why I broke your dream in my heart I thought, I'm gonna go and then I'll go and find The sick care, I'm gonna go and find The sick care, ha, that's why I broke your dream in my heart I thought, we're both in the past I thought, I'm gonna go and find the dream in my heart I thought, I'm gonna go and find the dream in my heart You're gonna fuck with the boys with me in the morning Oh, you're gonna fuck with the boys No, that's not true, John's been busy, he absolutely did Yeah, yeah, I know I'm a good boy Oh, I know you're gonna fuck with the boys with me in the morning Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh That's what I do Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I was too old, he hit some fence and wore relief Now he's got beef on beef, I got a drum window Got a drum, Linda, and her cheeks, my glasses up. Now, my neck's in the ground and now. Had a slip for three days now. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Same to yours, pal. Around my house, I'm on a big road. Keep me away from the으면서. Got many drugs, dude. That afternoon, there's a 지금 fishingねぇ. Ride theية's, My Power Gang, run for my side of my house. A single girl of two last kids, and a few days away. It's a COOL, mainly in between our children. I protect you, so that you'll drown myself in love. There's no day, except for our some weight club who is your three. Her doctor has been dead this so day. A suggestion is the same. I'm also up now. My best feeling all around and out. Have a blessed one. Read day and now. Whoa. Wow. Wow. Wow. It's your holy holy thing. It's your holy thing. Your holy thing. Whoa. Whoa. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. Your holy thing. Oh, that's a good thing. I want to be a Latino. I want to be a Latino and say, hey, my, no, it wasn't on my head. So I want to wear a six, 50 in my hair and talk. I want to try a little bit girl with that skin in Syria with loud ass. I want to girl name Juanita. I want to girl name Juanita with fog like hair. Take blue. I have big goals. I have Latino. I have Latino. I have Latino. I have Latino. I want to know a Latino. I want to know a Latino. He has a big home. He has to say it with that. He had a wife. My foot shirt. I was like, you guys. I have Latino. I have Latino. I have Latino. I have Latino. I have Latino. I have Latino. Yeah, I want to know all of which to stand. I want to have a side by cup of the beach. I got the picture. It's not the least out of my hand. So the link can you maybe stop? I'm both a table baby. I can do anything I want to do. I give you some to swivel. I'm going to be consulting you. I give it that phone. I have a reptile. I have a boy. I have got the power to hold into the phone. I have a boy. I have a boy. I have a boy. I have a boy. I have a boy. I have a boy. I have a boy. I have a boy. I'm going to hold you. Oh my god. I have a boy. I have a girl. That's why I'm like in soping because I'm just an AS. I used to zoom on channel 7 years. First, as a two bit report. Now, as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. combined Rick Verges Singh. Here are the dulcentones of the man who brought you crunchack. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez sings. Rick Sanchez and it benefits our whole lives. All morning Lord Jesus Christ! you Rick Stange He loved his audience I substitute them precious gifts Some God They're ready for the Nodiest Rock And his biggest bestest New Year's Eve ever That mighty Joe Feabers Park rules Nodier Rock in New Year's Eve Home of the famous Beaver Girl Man, they're wild Mighty Joe Feabers is the home of Big O'Hot to hear he's Beaver with So Beaver is even handling And when you taste our Big O'Beeber burger For a Facy Played on Feaberown Extra Seas please No problem And Mighty Joe Feabers on New Year's Eve You can enjoy our home in Beaver Park Just the world largest Feaber Aquarium That's my Feabers now fighting And it's a crack of midnight You'll celebrate the New Year with a guy along Beaver Orts' truck Did you wave your complimentary Feaber noise Beaver over your head Hey, I never heard of Beaver making noise like that Showed out of office If you want a great New Year's Eve Leave it to Beaver Mighty Joe Feabers Park rules Come on down Hey, sounds that you hate But I'm in it and I think they're really great I doubt that you can't hit a one or two Much less all eight Sound that you hate Come in from the boys They will surely step away I tell you what they are Jarring cities you'll go Yeah I like fingernails on a blackboard People crack their necks for their knuckles When I rubbed our phone together That just makes me just Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Hey, sound you can't stand Would you tolerate if you were a handsome man I am And to the lips of a A fork and a knife Grapping on a plate Grapping on a plate Grapping on a plate Grapping on a plate Here's what I really love You might want to try it Give me feedback In my headphones I get that more like it Little more, little more over there Little more Yeah Hey sound so unique Now let's review so you can really really free Figure nails on a plate People crack their necks for their knuckles From time to time We're both together Cors in may may just fall I like when you think you're done a gym floor Rating in a movement of window When I get into drilling my mower That makes me say Fingle My boys singing on a record You take the whole non-fin China It's easy to give you the shivers That may do a winer Hey, do you go nuts to someone fight their fork like this? Because I love it Here, I'll do it again Do you have an nervous system left? How about the sleet you went to the window I'll back my neck You got one more Okay, come on 45 at 5.60WC Here's a fact from Brad and per PRECY What tell us that? Brad and somebody It says the Georgian deal from Hawaii Brad and family Wishing you the happiest of H-O-L-I D-A-Z-E Hold the days From our house, viewers Starting the Mr. phone calls though T-H-O-U-T-H We love the Corvette CDs The people have bought the Corvette Remember they brought the owners manual to Picholoth And I've sent them here And a set of instruments Here's to your fine spots You'll look back on your line for fine service George, don't forget to check out the Florida couple's chat room on AOL And it says at the end The baby Jesus is smiling on you Whatever that means Happy 2000 from Brad And I don't know what to make of that Do you have any idea what to make of that? He's always smiling on us The baby Jesus, I know it I know the baby Jesus is in Texas We are in somebody's closet I'm gonna look like that And where those sandals It's a dead giveaway every time Here's the facts from Bill and Ford Lonerdale Who says, speaking of the informational crap My mother is the female version of Inspector Gadget Electronics, computer equipment and especially twice for the kitchen If it's hot on the air, she's got it So for Thanksgiving, our turkey was cooked in Not out of the van The Ron Popeye, oh show time, rotisserie It was juicy, succulent, delicious, not too dry And the turkey was great too Oh, this bill And you're like that Nice going there Ron Popeye Where's my cut? Where's my slice we'd art? It says, and by the way, what's he bought The bigger a new improved George Forman Meanly, grill and machine guess who got the original one It says, yep, I'd be cooking up some mean Vittles now, nigga Says Bill, Bill in Fort Laterdale And I'd go in there Bill Yeah Now, speaking of informers, Does anybody try that informa system One of Steve Garvey in that broad pedal You know what I'm talking about? You never saw that the diet that phony diet No, I definitely don't watch the diet one Would there be the two bottles? No The one is the fat burner And the other one is exercise in a bottle Every try to exercise in a bottle Man, it's a bitch try to fight your way out Getting in an ain't so easy either Yeah And they must be selling millions of these pills Because the people are buying this crap Exercise in a bottle And the fat burner and the labels are like Easy looking, you know? Kind of like Steve Garvey And people are buying that crap Anyone on an Hawaii? Because it's on television, got it, damn it Hey, I got a great thing for you If you got some pain in the ass company That you want to get rid of real quick If there's a cigar smokeer in the house Great, great gimmick When you're through smoking, you're cigar like Ever smokeer cigar, why are you sitting on the throne? Sure Of course I won't share two problems There you go, exactly You're smoking on one end And there's on the other end too So I don't have to let him match after Finish with a cigar Even if you're not done with it In fact, preferably, maybe this quite a lot of it You throw it in the bowl No, yeah, I've done that After you're flush, you put this here Or maybe you don't flush it on Now, preferably put the thing after you're flush And you leave the cigar in there And it looks like you turned And of course, the longer it sits in there Kind of like, it never disintegrates One great thing about a well made cigar Like our friend's next that's coming up in a second It stays in there like forever And the longer it's real And the longer it stays in there It starts leaving a brown trail Yeah And it starts looking like the real thing So if you go to a public restroom somewhere Like at the airport Just let it up when I stoke it Take a few puffs while you're sitting there And it's kind of plating life And then just drop it right in the old crapper Baby The next person comes along I'll take a look and say, oh, I don't think so Especially like after eating And one of those little joints They have any reports, especially here It's 11, 4, 1, 5, 60, W, K, W I'm speaking of a great cigar Inter outside of the toilet That is nothing wrong with sitting on the throw And have a nice smoke What's wrong with that? Man, and of course this cigar smoke Covers up at aroma So you'll save the next person that walks in His man, somebody was smoking a great cigar in here As opposed to man, somebody took a really wicked dump In his place Yeah And see that gator meat Tomadon, aromadan, aromadan Ramadon, aromadan, aromadan Ramadon Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan It seems like a lot to me From Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan I'm selling art by me So I can wear it Wow Hey Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Ah, oh, oh, oh, oh Especially like the first lift of the way I pray for the painful death To fix it you with day But will just catch the time If the time On your next life I pray for you Thanks today I'm robin Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan I find a greatly sweet No free time for you with time Oh, oh, oh, oh Ramadon Ramadon Ramadon Ramadon Balpal pal And once you sat up And we go robin Aromadan Aromadan I love you No free time for you I'm robin Aromadan Aromadan No robin Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Aromadan Yes I'm robin Aromadan It's a 6 to 150 million. Here's another facts from Patrick. Chronic Patrick will never let Australia music. It says, okay, if you do give me the computer, we'll be able to pick it up and tend to go trade it for a pair of tickets at the 273 Nm. Oh, sorry sweetheart. Sorry Patrick, but. I'm going to lose. Here's an excellent point. Here's one of the great facts of all time. And it's the epitome of what this place is all about. It says, you asked the listeners for a score on a game. And this is a sports station. Is this the American F and way? Excellent facts, excellent point. And this is the same person by the way. It's the facts me the box score. Not just the score, but the box score from last night's penis to the coyotes and L.A. Kings game. Over time, penis 3, L.A.2. As the anxious Jeremy Redneck scores the winning goal assisted by Adams and Yurki Lume, while I love saying that in over time, at 318 of over time, to be exact. Phoenix 3, L.A.2. Well, those Kings, they're really doing it, huh? No. Got off to a great start in there. Packs, diving. You know, just before you went out to pick a big dump or whatever you do, which I'm assuming is correct. Oh, yeah. I could see that look in your eyes. But I don't need it. Just before the. I was thinking about because we were playing one of those spots by Tommy, where sounds like he's in the thin can. And I was thinking of those early days downstairs here at QAM. When we be sitting there during the commercial breaks and listening to these old worn out carts with the pads that were like worn out five years ago. Who, who are more, who are less than on days? Who are more, who are more, who are less than on days? Who are more, who are more, who are less than on days? Who are more, who are more, who are more, who are less than on days? Who are just right about you, okay Josh, even if you don't smell this week. Now, I think he'd bathed for the holidays, but nevertheless, and I'm thinking back to that period of time. And it's like these people must have thought, what's wrong with these guys? Are they trouble makers? Making trouble here? We've been doing business this way for years. And all of a sudden they're complaining just because we don't care what this spot sound like. And then I remember Greg coming down there. Oh, yeah, we're getting the audio evolve. Yeah, we're getting the audio. And then we did get the audio evolve. And how many months did it sit around somewhere they used that at power or a kiss or something? It's that in a box somewhere for months and months and months. He should be an evolved. Him and the one abyssal, they should all be in a big, gigantic vault. All right, the only computer artist who's spoke, and I'm just telling you, I'm sure I'm going to go to a road duel. You can understand if there's a great deal or great meal or get a feel. You're going to understand what the L.A. was saying. Oh, my God, we got a couple of real trouble makers on our hands now. This isn't the way we do business around it. And then he's on here talking about the fact we don't pay our bills. We'll pay our bills, whatever way. Oh, by the way, do you get your bonus and quarreling money? No, I don't know. What do you mean by that? I haven't got my stuff and I haven't looked at my bank account. You haven't got your, I did all my shopping and the job paying ahead of time. Haven't been doing on a machine. I just kind of assumed that it's there. But I go now and take a look at your honor machine. I don't know how lined up they're going to be. They showed on the news last night. There's nobody online at any of those them, ATMs. You see the psychology didn't work boys and girls. They tried to get everybody into a panic. Everybody running outside screaming a sky is falling. Chicken little yaddi yaddi yaddi. Did it work? No. Once again, I think I'm finally getting the message here. The media is finally starting to lose their grasp. Just like this thing that's trying to perpetuate about the spiritual revolution in America is ready for this. And young people are all seeking a god in the spirituality. And then they come up with a thing 54% of Americans say religion plays an important part of. That's just barely more than half. And you know a whole bunch of them were lying. Oh yeah. Just like the 79% who said they have no doubt that there's a god. Of course, 45% of them were talking about. They all got. Yeah. So that only is 34%. So, getting back to that question, do you like your mother? Now, leaving Georgia out of it. That's the kind of question that is, you have any doubt that there's a god. Oh, and by the way, they now got six new planets. Did you see that? Oh, excellent. Yeah, six new planets, the size of Jupiter and Uranus. And the best part of it is they all have moons. Good. And they have water. And they have life probably far more intelligent than will ever be. Oh, my, how could you say that? Next thing you're going to say that we're like a bunch of ants crawling around on the ground. Oh. I think that's a tremendous analogy. Well, I mean, we're like ants. And especially in America now, why you stepped on another one. Hot roast. Get the bugs great. Oh, sorry. How's filled one by the way? Anybody in this audience, let's put out an all points of alert. For filled a bug man, anybody in software to see filled a bug man in the last three months. No. I grew up close personal friend. What's the name of his joint of his business? Do we know? Oh, I know. We just never said it on the air before he knew. Oh, then we don't better not say it on the air. You know, I'll fill it from bug killers. No. No, they seem to. Hmm. So, so what do we do now? It's the line of two hours. Just in time for the holiday. Almost unusual Christmas album ever. Oh, bro, win free verbs to Christmas classics. Oh, no. Listen to Oprah. Have gas and Christmas mask. All growing free first the Christmas classics available in the freezer session. You know something that's one of the scariest things ever seen. I was reading in the one of the papers over the weekend. One of the ones that got delivered so much of in the Harold. About this Oprah bitch and how she's raised up the ratings over there. Thank you very much. Adam, there's a check for set one for our good friend Adam. I'm assuming. Yes, it is. The ratings has skyrocketed for channel four and really put them on the map and even their five o'clock news is on the map because it follows that bitch at four o'clock. What is that all about? Can anybody explain that to me? Besides the fact that there's millions and millions of really stupid women out there in America, who follow that bone nose bitch right down the garden pet. If she said go to the edge of a cliff and jump, there'd be 20 million people jump at right behind her fat ass. And then she'd back her ass out of there. And say, no, guess what? I ate some meat this week. I better stick around and get the forgiven. Scary. Scary. And you were wondering about the Nazis? In fact, I see a parallel between Hitler and Oprah. She's a female without the mustache. And of course, you ever see her lately? She might as well have one. Here's a fact that's from Joe G. Our new Italian friend. Now, does that mean real Italian or maybe a Guido will find out? So it's a great show Friday. And the five CDs I sent to Italy, Belgium, New York and Holland and my friends all love the CD. I friend Italy said you should have someone to help you put the CD together in other languages. I don't like that. Yeah, we're not trouble getting it put together in English. Did I mention that we're like $12,000 short of 100,000 per cent or one. We've got a week to go and don't look too good. I mentioned that. Of course, that doesn't count to 2500 from the golf tournament that we still still have an account right now. You know, this week, that's going to be one of my projects these next three days. In fact, maybe you want to call. Not right now, but after the show, after you call Eric, talk to our good close friend, Carol. That's in a one. And find out if they ever got any check from this radio station for that OJ golf tournament. Because if they didn't, you know what it sounds like to me? Well, I don't want to say it on the air. Sounds like a real good. So to me. Anyway, it says I had a great time as well as my friend, I was in the CD. I wanted to tell you your cheap boss to get off his lazy ass and take care of you before I take your him and please add a one here anymore. Bullcraft, I'm tired of it. I'm about to Cubans, Danny and Jimmy, Jimmy and Danny, etc. So I'm screwed the rest of those looses. I'm not going to enjoy. Good guy. Little emotional like all those other opinions. And then somebody faxes me a letter to the editor from this morning's Sun Channel. Which, of course, I didn't see the Sun Channel. Did I mention, by the way, I didn't get the Sun Channel from the third day and I wrote it. I won't even subscribing to it in plantation for 10, freaking years. And of course, I could do the easy thing. I picked it up in the phone and called. I'm going to say, I didn't get my paper and I'll have one there by 8am or whatever. But that's too easy. It's so fun. Then you can't come on here and bitch about it. Or sticking a bitching about it by the way that reminds me. Everywhere you go in life, there's always at least one. Hopefully only one real sourforce. Hockey games. There's a guy that sits behind me. I don't know what his name is. That'll, before I get to him. So last week, I mentioned the fact that Monday night the Leafs played the Panthers. And I'm like, I got my Leafs jacket. And then I'm rooting for Toronto. They win 64 was a tremendous game. They score six goals. I'm up six times screaming and cheering. And some of the assholes who sit in front of me are turning around like, Dude, what are you cheering for? New year, what are you rooting for Toronto for? Here I'm wearing my Maple Leafs jacket that I've been wearing. The every game in that arena these last two years, which evidently they're not too observant. So when did I at that horrible game against Atlanta, which I think gave them the courage to start playing pretty good, that game against the attractors? So the doctor who sits several sheets of my left, the bald head of Dr. Ridiglassas, who's life is very nice, at least used to be the noticeable speaking to me. I'm sure. But anyway, he walks by, maybe in the period, looks at the jacket and says, evidently he heard it or somebody told him about it. He says, oh, you're going to have to do something about that jacket, Neil, and walk the way. And I thought to myself, yeah, like maybe get a dragling before the next game, Jack asked, how do you like that? I'm going to have to do something about that jacket. Mr. Hockey Maven, Mr. Expert, who quite frankly goes there, mostly this moves. The people who sit in front of me with the accepted my friend, Phil Salsman, those are fills, bunnies by the way, in the seat in front of him. He finally sure up for the game that's your auto game. Great game, nice going there, Phil. You only time I've ever seen him there, those are his buddies, his seats. Still I'm here for lunch, but are those people okay? I'm going to have to do something about that jacket. No, no. I'm not going to do anything about the jacket, except maybe good dry clean. I'm going to continue wearing the jacket. If I want to come on any jacket or whatever jacket I like, how do you like that? This guy wouldn't know I'm maple leaf from a goddamn fig tree, okay? Doctor? So anyway, there's a guy a big heavy set older guy. I mean, just you look at him. He's always got a real scowel on his face, you know? And he's there almost every game. There are big, big fat scowling guy who sits in the back row behind me, if you see it's down. Not a pleasant guy. Even though we just say hello to me, but stay away from me, okay? You're obnoxious. So now the New Deal is like it used to be in the old Miami arena. We had this group including, sure I say Andy, remember, dead Andy? Huh? Oh, oh, he's dead. Sorry, Andy. Too many bears, baby. 30, was he 36? He's dead. Yeah, dead. But anyway, Andy and Adam and some other, I forget the guy's name with a glass and it was kind of a nerd. But anyway, it used to sit over there with us at a row. And every time people are leaving, like early before the game ends, oh, thanks for coming. Real sarcastic. Thanks for coming. Like what is that all about? If I want to leave whatever to hell, I want to leave. I don't have to answer to those people either. I paid for the tickets or somebody else paid for him. I got my own goddamn tickets. I'll leave whatever to hell. I want to leave. So now this guy, when people are leaving early, I guess the ones that we had the overtime coming up, people didn't want to stay for, or they left it a little before the end of the regulation. And this guy's shot, oh, games over, games over, still games to one. And you all have these people who are leaving. And they should turn around and say to him the same thing that Pablo Burray should be saying to all you idiot reporter types, every kind of asking other stupid questions about anacorn hola and that is Nanya. Nanya, Nanya, Nanya, you're goddamn business. There's, I wish you could see this guy. You'll look at him and you just, you start thinking about suicide when you look at this guy. He makes book a Brian seem like the happiness queen. And I'm serious. This guy is such a sour pus, kind of scowl. What is even doing there, you know? Got a nasty rotten look. I'm going to do the best I can to make sure nobody has a good time. That's his mentality. Well, guess what, pal. Be you, okay? I have a good time. That's because I never turn around. That's because I don't want to see it. And after there's all bad people sitting in the world behind me, there's some of them are nice people. I'm sure, including my skin doctor. Hey, by the way, you see my neck. It's the worst of the same. But he's a good guy. My dermatologist guy, he's a good guy. He's a good guy. And a good Italian boy goes Italy. A good Jewish boy that goes Italy. Whatever his name is, whatever it is. But this one big, somebody out there probably knows who this is. Fascinating information, okay? Well, put his name on here. This sour pus. Oh. So anyway, some broad, some more nice ladies. Stacy, some bit of a rather case on as in the case ons growing along. Has a long, literally, a sunflower, a little bit of a lidscrack. That goes on and somebody facts it to me. So please, please see if you can tell you're listening on it. What the hell is one that's talking about? It's people like her that make this world scary. Can you say brainwashed? It says, love the show. Keep it colorless. Everybody I talk to with the hockey game. I spoke to 72,000 people over the holiday weekend. They all said screw the colors is what they said. Every single one of them. Every one of them. Oh, can I call any a Jewish bad? Can I have all Bobby a Jewish bad? Can I give a shout out to a shout out to window? Okay. Go shout out to Howard B. We don't want no shout out. Let's get out. Go away. So anyway, doing good works simply isn't enough. And she's got all these biblical quotes, which I wouldn't even begin to waste your time with me because I still have to talk about the John Rocker and Michael Mayer who's still not material from Friday. And also, even Mike, what tells his name the guy Mike can a mad dog from the fan. They have on Mike Mike Jesus Christ. I can't believe that his name has escaped me. You don't want to talk about not poor George. So anything that even smells, that's for his lost, you know? Holy. No, what the hell is his name? Mike, I noticed some Italian boy. I know his name as well as I know my own name. Mike, Mike, Len Jello. Mike, God, damn it. They got his last name. He did a great piece yesterday on his pre-annifel game. He goes to his stuff. He was talking about the John Rocker thing. Did he agree? It was right on target. Come on. What's the guy's name? Mike, from Mike in the mad dog on a fan. Mike, what? Let's go. What is it? Jesus Christ. You got it? Francisco Mike Francisca. Francisco, Francisco, Francisca. Francisco, Francisco, Francisco. Francisco, Francisco. Jesus Christ. Oliver closed. Oh, I got three different pronunciation. Francis, Francisco. Francisco, Francisco, Francisco, Santiago, Santiago, Santiago, okay? My friend says he did a great thing which echoed my sentiment. Then of course, I'm sure he didn't steal it for me. I like Michael Mayo who did. Still had verbated in which I'll get to his column momentarily. I'm an attacked one at 5.60 WQM set. America loves to watch boobs and button-bouncing. One, two, three. I made a few college and average this week. I have a lot of money. But not much of a brain. Like most of you voters who were just this lame. But I could say one thing that you can. My daddy is an ex-president. I got money. Power. It's up to do lose. I can do everything I do. A little bit of cash is all I need. Is that a sign of an ego and my greed. When it related to barter things, all I use. A card or vote for more rhymes. It's like you. That is truly a big fun with life. I don't think I left that bad. You see? Remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't. You can kiss my touish. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a nice conversation thing? I'm the king of denial too. I have no problem. I have to use. So why is it so important for you to know? Whether or not I did blow. I didn't blow. I didn't blow. When I'm elected, I'll put it in the wall that. When I put up the constant straight and can. You can do good. I'm not doing good. I'm not doing good. I'm not doing good. I'm not doing good. I'm not doing good. I'm not doing good. I'm not doing good. What's their take on the 560 W2M 3000 errors founded VA hospital? Let's hear it. Oh, see, all those doctors out there were more worried about taking care of their patients instead of what jacket I'm wearing at the hockey game. Then we would have so many mistakes. So many people dying. They're almost in. Federal investigators have documented almost 3000 medical mistakes. And miss apps in less than two years. At veterans hospitals around the country. This is just the VA hospitals. And more than 700 patients have died in those cases. They died. The Department of Veterans Affairs says in a report. By the way, this is the thing on 60 minutes last night about the Gulf War and about that. Yes, new agent orange stuff. The UU. Do you see it? A deep pleaded uranium? The accident in debt occurred from June 1997 to the 71998. In the first 19 months of a new policy to the Request employees report medical errors and adverse events. Oh, there's a, I love that expression. Adverse events. Oh, we just caught this pain. It's all that to another adverse event. Since then, the department's been getting such reports that are rate of more than 200 a month. The problems include medication errors. Faulty medical devices. A abusive patient. Ears in blood transfusions. A proper surgery. A proper insertion of catheters or feeding tubes. And therapeutic. Oh, wait, to hear this one. therapeutic misadventures that cause serious injuries or death. Oh, there are a putic misadventures. And now the therapeutic misadventures of Huckfin. Oh, my god, is that, I'm a savanness. The greatest, they've always got, you know, like, eye-attro-genic diseases, which means, you know, the doctor killed you for the hospital killed you. Wouldn't that be a great movie therapeutic misadventures with George. He's got, bring it back. Come on. One more movie George. He's feeling good, but he's coming back. So anyway, now we get to the PS to resist on. So whatever it all, it means the piece of crap. And here is speaking a piece of crap. Here's Michael May. Oh, in a son's sentinel. This must have been Friday's because got this paper. And this, no, it couldn't have been Friday. Oh, and that's right. I went out and bought it. Excuse me. I went out and actually bought it with my own. So in other words, that was double-dipping. I had to wait twice for the son's sentinel, which today I just said, No, screw it. It's not worth it. Punishment okay for Brown, but not for Rocker. And this, this part about John Rocker, I'm probably the first person in America. Maybe Mike Francis, I got wind of it because of somebody hurt my shoulder and you know, I'll take all the credit for it. In this case. Because naturally once again, the media, they want to tell you how you're supposed to be in dignity and very outraged about certain things. Like I said, all the kids get in Keldon School. All these people get in blown away here in town. And I look at what I've said about that. Don't have fringe on those gunlovers, right? But if somebody says something, like when Jess eventure, open up a mouth and said the truth, right away everybody turned on him like a cornered rat. When he said religion was a crutch for weak minded people. Right on target, baby. Right on sweetheart. Never could have said it better myself. And his approval rating went in the toilet without cigar. That's right. Because this is America where you have an awful lot of emotional cripples out there who can't handle the truth. So Michael Mayo writes, you know, Mike Mayo, I'm not hoping to hold my breath anymore than I'm waiting for that apology today. I don't understand that you absolutely did it. Anybody see that over the holidays in the, uh, Sunday. Maybe it's in there today on the one day out of the year that I don't get the paper. Maybe today's that it Mike Mayo apologized today of Halberstein. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, John is the Cleveland Brown's offensive line and who got picked in the eye Sunday by referee Jeff Triplet, Brown's 67 and 350 pounds responded by shoving the 200 pound triplet to the ground of both hands and raged in and pain, Brown had to be restrained by teammates before leaving the field. Brown was ejected and promptly vilified as a perpetrator of the worst sports assault since La Trine. The NFL invoking the sanctity and law-norder of its officials suspended Brown for the remainder of the season and possibly part of the next commissioner Paul Tagliaboo had scheduled a hearing with Brown and February. Certainly Brown deserves to be disciplined for his loss of control but the overlap question what about triplet? Does need deserves some sort of sanction for damaging a player's eyesight? No. It'll be back to work this week as if nothing had happened. No. Triplet in the NFL were quick to say it was an accident but it's an accident that shouldn't happen. Nobody knew that triune's flags could be such weapons but if officials didn't roll them like darts and players, nobody would get hurt. Oh come on Michael this part of the article is a joke. Yeah, let's punish. Let's punish the referee because the flag accidentally hit this big sports in the eye. Okay, you idiot. Let's forget about this part. Now let's get to John Walker. Okay. It says as for rocker, he did something hard to imagine this week. He made the Atlanta Braves Miss Mark Wolers because his bad as well as pits when he suddenly had mysteriously couldn't find a plate. He never lost control like this. Rocker revealed himself to be a big homophobic and xenophobic and comments published by sports illustrated and embarrassment to his team, his sport and his species. He said he'd never play in the earth because he didn't want to ride a subway train next to some queer with AIDS. He said I'm not a very big fan of foreigners. How the hell did they get in this country? He called a black teammate a fat monkey. He disparaged the driving ability of Asian women. They after the article appeared, rocker attempted damage control with a ghost written apology saying he got carried away by competitive zeal against med fans like that explains it. Now the predictable backlash has begun. Fire him suspended, and referment in the course of the politically correct child. But painful as it is to say, here's what should happen to rocker. Nothing. There you go, Mike. Finally, if you're right enough crap, I'll sooner or later. It starts making sense. It shouldn't be baseball's place to take action against the player for comments made to a reporter. It's called free speech and even though the first amendment only applies to matters involving individuals and the government. Private employers can regulate employees anyway they see fit. This really isn't baseball's business. If rocker heard racial epithets at fans during a game, then it would be. baseball has said bad president in this area is a spending-mard shop for offensive comments. He made when she was red zoner and now can't panace into a penguin with his job as Dodgers General Manager when he said on national television that blacks lack the necessities to be managers of the executives. But those were people in leadership positions who should have known better rockers just a red neck lung head who controlled 98 miles an hour. And now we lack the liberty repercussions of his remarks. This will be the best punishment. Imagine the icy reception from all his foreign born teammates when he arrives at spring training. Imagine his next appearance to chase stadium. Who needs fines and suspensions when just desserts like these away? There you go, Mike Mayo. The first half of the article is ridiculous, but the second I've stolen directly from what I said in this show on Friday. Just like Michael Corley on told a senator from Nevada, I offer senator is this nothing. And that's what the punishment should be. Nothing. Punishment. See, is there some kind of a law that says you have to be a tolerant and you have to be like a reasonable person like everybody is there such a law? No, even if you're a stupid baseball player. Oh. And there has been, they had whole programs devoted to this. That talk back show that also guide them show on CNN a whole hour devoted and they had the as he Smith was on there and some other spikball player and a couple of sparks on it all acting and digging and all right Hank Aaron's all been out of shape. They didn't like what he said. A lot of people don't like what I say every day. I was supposed to be suspended. No, you said they punished. Punished? No. What a joke. What a freaking joke. And this goes back to this bull crap politically correct garbage that America's all about now. And you have these people in the media telling you, oh, what's right and what's wrong? Oh, you can't say that. Well, why the hell not? Those are his opinions. Maybe I didn't like some of them. Maybe I was offended by some. Maybe not. And so we called a black teammate a fat what he called a fat monkey. Yeah, how about a fat bad boom. A fat gorilla a big fat top of crap. How about that? And what does that mean a fat monkey? Anyway, we could write that. It was like Elvin Garrett in Howard Coastel that little monkey. Howard Coastel who was one of the great humanitarians who made Muhammad Ali what he is today. Back when it was still catches quite made him what he is today. And a little slip of the tongue in right away. He was into and you know, it's really ironic that my I just don't on me, you know, that of all people Michael Neo is the one who's writing this. David Halberstam was he in some position of authority with the Miami heat. No. Was he in management on the radio station that he was on? Oh, a little slip of the tongue a little feeble attempted humor whatever it was and right off the bat. Got a fire is ass right Michael Mayo. There's one way to remedy this and make sure that he never says it again. Fire is ass was the message from Michael Mayo who called this show all say it again a year and a half ago promised to apologize to Dave Halberstam retracted what he said, but did he ever retracted in the newspaper? Oh, he never had the big balls to put it in print and say he was wrong. Even after the guy got fired See now it would look really bad because now if he put her in apology and there would look like he had something that was getting canned and maybe he did See then you start this guilt trip starts overtaking and it's kind of like Dave Lamont, you know Feeling guilty about Sonny about putting the last nails in Sonny Hirsch before he died Not telling him you know, can you imagine the stress in the angst that Sonny had to go through not knowing he is the job yours? Is it not your enemy time all these people knew for months Including his close personal friend and coworker there Dave Lamont excuse me He's not farting so much in the ball game. Come on. Who's the guy like him, but in this case he was dead wrong. Oh, sorry sonny I shouldn't say he was wrong That was bad And here you are Michael Mayo talk about calling the popcorn the kettle black John rocker can express these things and And his response would be yeah, but how burst down was not doing an interview. He was doing it on the air during the heat game. Who the so A man who doesn't have a racist bone in his body. Dave how burst in and this was one of this was the first guy to call for his ass in print In fact, I think it was the only guy said he should have been canned not suspended not fine should have been fired to make sure he didn't say it again And you're still in spite of this grow these wonderful words that you stole from I show on Friday Michael hold a mayo You still don't have the balls like a real man to put it in print that you were wrong How can you respect the people I write in this town when they write such crap when they write such kaka And you know something that's why they're in this town That's why most people are in this town because they're mediocre Well, what about you Neil there you go like I said I'll Just take my mediocre salary and try to scrape by with it 26 after one a Q a Call of Thanksgiving is a wonderful time But some of the search of things I refuse to eat a turkey that died before Now you don't have to thanks to kaborkian turkey for kaborkian That's a name I've heard before that's right at kaborkian farms every turkey we sell a seriously ill before it ends up on your dinner tape It's not a good thing sure logic tells you that sick turkeys are effective and less exercise means more tenderness Well, that sounds good, but aren't you still lacking them before they're coming Go at kaborkian farms each turkey makes a zone decision about when and how to go Then and only that are trained truckers and counselors step in to make sure that all those Okay, I just keep a little turkey put on the gas pedal and relax Kaborkian turkey farms for a death is just the beginning of a great Thanksgiving dinner By the way, another actual MTV at MTV at the antichrist okay, don't forget except for time green turn off MTV Are they playing blue and Why not this is much music let me tell you right now much music plays more good music in 15 minutes than MTV will play in the entire next year In the entire next millennium one over the hell of starts that's next the truth See I don't know about you, but if I want to see a music video station guess what this is revolutionary Virginia I know that but I want to see music videos Yeah, it's like if I'm watching a poultry station. I want to hear poucos. Oh What a concept If I'm listening to what Tom station. I want to hear phone call. Oh, I'm sorry Here's the facts from Gary Thomas who says I got a new service. Are you gonna hear phone calls? No no too bad I got a new service on my phone line This is this could be the answer to my prayers. I hope I don't want to get the oh Somebody was telling me about the what do they call it the roadrunner? Remember the day that the guy from the cable company college for sure And was gonna put the roadrunner my ish mucker what am I ish mucker? Oh, yes Because somebody was telling me over the weekend that the roadrunner it cuts down your time there you get on the internet like in two seconds and Everything is done in the heartbeat phenomenal I may actually have to were breakdown and call the cable people and say I want to God day-moderunner But anyway, here's another service that might be very valuable for me and a lot of other people last Tuesday the day that we had the Hurricane Dodgeball on the earth to the this show great readwashing this socks So I'm a home all day which is a variety for me on a weekday And other than a couple of quick trips to the store that was it. I was home all day if I could tell you If I had a million dollars for every time the phone rang that day I could buy this place release solicitation calls on and on and on It says I got a new service on my phone line home. You might like it's called privacy detector or director and a block sales calls The way it works and you have to have call waiting which I do is any incoming calls that have unavailable or anonymous phone numbers are intercepted before your phone can ring That's not good Because like when American Express travel calls it's the same thing. That's the only reason I picked those things up because I might actually be somebody I want to talk to Oh, I see the call that has to leave a message for you if they don't your phone never rings if they do your phone rings and plays the message for you At this point you can choose to accept the call or dump them He says I set up for this about two months ago the number of solicitation calls I get now and I was getting a turn before is practically zero Gary Thomas second year. I'll have to look at it. That's called the privacy director Do you get a lot of those oh yeah all the time oh God either clock nine o'clock at night on the weekend eight thirty in the morning. Hello, I'm at this man Rick and he's up from first car. This is a oh God I told us they'll talk 30 to me on my buy something but you know something I and one of the techniques I got now because my real last name is 600 letters Nobody can pronounce it So because these things are all like on a an erotory and they just tell automatically so they they have the name that goes to the number and They most of the time they panic So sometimes you'll see you know you're looking at your color ID it'll say unknown, etc And you'll punch up to answer you say hello and there's like a long long pause click I just hang it up Or else they'll say hello as Mr. Click yeah Goodbye goodbye Here's Brian and Boeton Beach who fact he says after call is is what he says Granite was always fun to hear you rip the colors in the last year be able to show now in my opinion is fantastic there you go Brian and Boeton beaches happy I thought sweetheart All those years in fact I remember very specifically several weeks ago some jackass calls to verse are casting Well, Neil, what what in your opinion makes you good call and I answer was and I think very I propose is when I get what I'll let you know Have we gotten one yet? No, no We're still waiting okay pal when we get a great call. I'll let you know I mean you know what do we get five sixty year that are really outstanding and then of course the voice milk Which we can play any time which I played them all on Friday by the way back to back that was a great segment Neil. Thank you Magazine honors Einstein. I don't like this What you're raising your eyebrows. You think that he's a man of the century. Oh, I don't know about that Is that what the deal is time magazine? That was supposed to be a Gutenberg. Oh, I need to see who they time magazine pictures the man of the year No, I don't even know his name the guy from the founder of Amazon.com Oh, that Jeff Not a jab thought it was some Hawaiian jab or something. I want to know he's not a while you got the wrong guy But it makes no difference what he is but I'm thinking of yahu what if what is that he is a Yahoo's a matter of fact But what is that the founder of Amazon.com So in other words the message to America is here's a guy who started a little company who's whole thing is based by the way Which one is the one it is they got profits? I'm trying to think of which one of these no seriously. What's one of the companies that you're on profits most of them don't Both of it's all fantasy Right now Amazon does they do? Yes, maybe that's why they like him because it's not all as synthetic is most of the other these IPOs But at any rate so here's the man of the year so in other words if you make a lot of money Then that makes you a big shot. Then you're the man. Is he the most important man in America this year? Oh absolutely positively not not even close not even close Think of the notorious people even Ken Star as grow test in discussing as I found him he had a greater impact than me Would you have said that for last year? He was mostly last year I guess But there has to be a list of what six thousand people how about Ricky Martin? That's the victory we enter into the next millennium early so they're calling it good by Ricky Martin Who's the song for Boca Brian by the way? Goodbye Ricky baby. Oh get rid of him send it back to his boyfriend's and the the word is bottoms up get him out of here That's the good news this big Latin music thing. I told you that tonight. Tell you Lasted for about 30 seconds With all the respect of my post-person friend in Mique Who was looking real good on it London the concert I told it was you on much music on Saturday lipstick You of course like West life and all the other groups did So you show me people who look sick Unlike 98 degrees Santa Monica start on with again magazine honors Einstein scientists that's was the century Describing him as a locksmith of mysteries from the atom of the to the universe time magazine on Sunday named Albert Einstein the person of the century When we look back in a hundred years, we'll remember the fight for freedom and the fight for civil rights But above all we're gonna realize how science and technology changed their world. Let me ask it is did as much as again an anti-Semite in the basket Henry Ford Right don't you think he changed their lives more than Albert Einstein? He like Whitney That was the previous century. Oh, that was this is this century get what that Mr. History Ben Franklin. I'm sorry George Washington cover Jones No, that's serious. I mean, Henry Ford right off the bat there's one not even close Edison Previous and all Edison started previous, but most of his inventions were the century or what about that life? All the important but they're the change format 22 till 262 at 5.62. I'm a get-in safe shit Andесс You Yeah It's an awful operation And they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk. Oh, here's a shuffling seat. For 8,000 miles an apple from the native that besides good people, there's the apple known to rain. We've got the apple, freedom, the apple, the night. The apple for Jesus, the apple for God. The apple for justice, the apple for God. The apple for apple, the apple for God. The apple for God. The apple for making money. The making of the rules. Taking all our jobs. There's a difference between the start to go. The apple foraus on the water. Half eyes. At the level of one it melted into the sky.具 darts. Starts eaten, hearts were of além, My last time I run back to the other. And full of dreams, my dreams were like any of childhood, but it's just innocent, But they'reAwessé As- It's just itself to own a dream. Who knows, you can see me chill around the sea. There you are. You can catch me flying flying with you, The Ma decided to get a letter by them and help the On top of the national protest message, Isn't a fake money away and full freezer The gentleman said he made up his mind It's Saturday night on these past 29 6 days They know what the truth is All right? I will show you the VAl enough We're not having We're all in the server So, can I call you? We're not having 145-5-50W, we reading this thing about Einstein again, and it makes me convinced even more than I was before. This was a bad, what's my magazine? It says Einstein was partly responsible for President Roosevelt's decision to pursue making an atomic bomb. He wrote to Roosevelt 1939, warning that Germany could be repeating American experiments with uranium and suggesting that those experiments could produce a powerful bomb. He later said, if I had only known, I would have been a locksmith. How do you like that? If you only would have known what it led to? How do you like those apples? RONERS UP, by the way, were friends with Roosevelt and Mahatma Gandhi? No, not Mahatma Gandhi. I mean, you know, anybody can sit around rest like that. What do you ever do for us? And I did for a long time. I mean, was Einstein even close to Roosevelt and the impact that he had in the century? No, no. For one friend, then we wouldn't have been able to nuke the chats though. Yeah, but we see that this is inane because we didn't win and we want to war against Germany without bombs, without the nuclear weapons. Right. I was making a joke. Yeah. I was like, you weren't like that. You were supposed to pretend that you liked the chats. Now I'll try to cover up. Well, fine. I thought that knew what you were going to do. I thought I made some protests coming before the show last week and then I kept threatening I was going to say it on here. But nevertheless, it wasn't much better about that Nan King thing. So anyway, you know, Roosevelt was like, you're zen and Hitler. You see, here's the deal. Henry Ford was an anti-Semite. Hitler goes without saying was the anti-Christ of the Jews. And yet, so if you pick either one of those, the Jews are going to go, oh, of course. The Dificonstein. He's Jewish. All right. Bad choice. What about the final of the TV guy? And then the TV. F<|tl|>i, F<|tl|>i, Farnsworth. You don't think the automobile is more significant than television. Well, I think the mass production, not just the automobile. Right. Well, he didn't invent the automobile, but he's the one that invented the production lines. Right. I don't disagree with the Henry Ford thing. Henry Ford, virulent anti-Semite. Never met an employee who wanted to get paid more than two cents an hour than he liked, but nevertheless, miserable son of a bitch. But nonetheless, and plus he was from Detroit. Can't be all bad. Back when there were some white people in Detroit. I thought he actually pioneered a higher wages for factory jobs. Did he? Yeah. Henry Ford did? Yeah. Everybody except Jews though. Right. So Jews. In fact, the Jews, how it worked is they took the money out of the Jews' paychecks and gave it to the glam. That's how it worked with Henry Ford. So once again, they lay in a pegami, but you notice the end of the year. And I'm kind of enjoying it. It's got a Kilsen time, especially when there's nothing else going on TV. You've got 75 million lists. Everybody's got the sexiest people of the century. The ugliest people of the century. The most exciting people. The most boring people. The most underrated, the most overrated. The most intelligent, the dumbest, the nerdy is air-reak category. Athletes, singer. It's great. Kilsen, good time. And also gives people a chance to argue each and every other about it. And they get really pissed off for each other's friends out. Because after all, that's the American fucking way. Right. You don't like their choice. Just shoot them. What are their brains out? Why don't their guy damn a brox brother suit? Wasn't brox brother? What was that on your ivory league suit? Was that what he said? Yes. With your ivory league suit. By the being. By the being. Twelve minutes before it, and it's big and about a bit. Guys, something very important for all you people out there to want to live longer. No, seriously. When you go into a public place for the public restroom, use the handy craft toilets. No, seriously. They have higher seats. It's like in Europe. Haven't I told you a minute. That time I can't. What? I want to use the right chair for you. You don't have time to get the idea. Especially this lifetime from what I heard. You don't have time to go get the heights here. I need to take a stool in there. Yeah. For a leave one. Like Jason. Jason had time to go get a guy damn brownie camera. It's what he told me. It was a brownie. Yeah, look like it. 11-24-2-H-U-A-M. Do you fudge back him? I'm looking through the bed and we know. And I may empty it down here. All right. When I did I knew who was crippled, I thought he was a new piece of play for the fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot that tell me. That is one of the vegetables of my mouth this while. I feel you have a big mouth. It feels it. It's not found out. The way this chase came with a nice, why did that bitch tell me? I was too dark to see. She'd be too bad for the animals. It's not scary, but it's not the fish. She's so pale, is it all? That's why I used to say to robbing with sharks. And now they're calling it, throw player sharks. They're caught through the lobes. They're hiding for a change. They do rules up and you have to show up in your underwear. And no one ugly is allowed in there. So you'll have lots of fun. Checking out those bugs. Find a different spot in town. So I can get my king up. But the game is over. Hey, got like I drew to the lobes back around. Over my golden mouth. Now you can see a lot more at the gate. And everybody is on dressed as babies. And you can look around. To see what hangin down. It's a paradise out. I never realized how to do it in one field. He's a clown. If I jack he's at the football field. And the robbing is out. And now it's busy, Cart. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just a blonde man. This is the sun has blonde men. For a start on the team. I'm a background at all. You're all. You're a jack that's bad. I'm a guy. I'm a background. Well, oh, yeah. For sex. I ain't an aint. It's a football set. And that's a duty map got underwear man. Which is their third. That's a fun zone of football. At their final love. I never realized how to do it in one field. I'm a jack. I'm a jack. You got the football field. So robbing is gone. Oh, no. It's busy. Cart. Hey, Cart with busy. Cart. Work, work. I think it's busy. Cart. And we're going to play that. We got Hank Spany by P.B. Parts. We got the net more than a joint hangin for. And then it's five. We began 65 hours of pregame coverage. Oh, I'm going to wait a most entertaining game. If you had a dish yesterday, which I do. And you're surfing around. I mean, the bills and Patriots game. The exercise in ultimate futility was pathetic. But the exciting game was the Browns cool scheme. And one of the kind of disturbing. I'm sure to a lot of dolphins out there that the Korean Abdul Jibar had to take a big day running to ball for the Browns. And Terry Kirby, another dolphin reject. Not good enough for the dolphins. Had two touchdowns for the anxious Cleveland Brown yesterday. Who damn near. I thought the, uh, Colts. How do you like that? And what do they give up Korean Abdul Jibar for? So they could have seen some of these hilarious online up. Nice going there, Jimmy. Who never met a gangster. He didn't like that Jimmy Johnson. He's an asshole. Yeah. And Greg Coattex says, Oh, no, Jimmy isn't this. And that's what the, yeah, sure he is. He's an asshole. Everybody knows that. Take no mistake about it. Yeah, I'm looking. You know, I could make a list. And I noticed the nominations are pouring it over the facts machine. I don't think. Oh, see, this is another reason why the no cause format is the best format in the history man. If I could have a million dollars for every ten over the years that I brought something up. That big for a response that anybody listening was positive. I would get a tremendous response. And guess what? That was the response. Nothing. Wouldn't you think that people who had a fact in like on a fact machine, who they thought was the person of the century? Wouldn't that have been a logical response since we get eight million taxes on there? You would think so. You would think. You well, or nearly, if you didn't know this audience, if you didn't know this down. Was there one fact saying, uh, I thought that it should be, uh, Nelson Rocca, no Nelson Mandela. No. Nelson from Toronto. No. No. Not one. Not one facts. Where is self? I don't know. Very, and then that's another reason. We don't have to worry about that because like I've said before, if you do this, if you do anything at this time, if you're in the promotions in this time, if you're on the air in this time, if you're going to expect a response, one thing you can be sure is you'll always be disappointed. Unless you're given scrap away, which you saw, I just joked about it a few times earlier in the show. Phone was blazing. We had to call the fire department. The phone was smoking so bad. Which by the way, remember the day that we had the fire alarms going off in here by mistake? I'm not going to forget my ears are still ready to the fire department ever show up. No, which is right around the corner by the way, and I was there. I wrote the day ever show up. No, they were busy sliding up and down the grease poles, which is what they do. And fire departments all day long. I'm serious. They slide up and down grease poles. That's what Lucleau insisted said. Yeah. All day long. Up and down. Up and down. That's what I'm saying. It's brutal. So I guess when they made it to Pennsylvania, what mood I mean, you know, maybe we'll zoom with the audience and take that poll. Give us something to do for a few minutes, you know. Sure. Yeah, take a little survey. And then on the next Monday and the new year, I'll do whatever I want anyway. Of course, we don't know if we're going to be here in the new year. We could blow up. The whole world could blow up because we're changing the calendar. Do you understand how embarrassing and humiliating and stupid these people are? And luckily, I think that's one of the first good things I've signed that scene in the ages. That only 5% of the public is even concerned a little bit about this Y2K crap. This 2K bull crap. Because even the dumbest of the dumbagad enough sense to be honest, that first of all, an artificial calendar anyway that we invented. It's just a number and a computer part of it. Sure. We understand that. That a lot of things are geared to computers and they had to be adjusted. We do understand that. But as far as changing the calendar and that being some kind of a calamitous moment in the history of that.