This is Sports Radio 560 QA What a suck up job that was! WQAM Miami Fort Lunderdale presents the Neil Rodgers Show To talk to Neil, call 567-0560, toll free for date and briar No! Or pound 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast group No, Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QA Lunderdale You can kiss my rear end You've heard of Barbie and Kid Now from you dropped a bomb on me, brother Come the Larry Flint doll Touch Larry special spot and Larry Flint talk HAAAAAAA Yes, the kids will love the all new Larry Flint doll Complete with its very own penthouse suite Andy Cat parking space back Larry Flint computer accessories So you can dig up all the dirt on your friends and neighbors Whether it's true or not It's not the prettiest doll you'll ever own It's the Larry Flint doll But actually, talk We'll share and spot magazine sold separately Alright, so many after 10 at 560 WQAM So the opening was too low, huh? That should be our worst problem that the opening was too low, alright? At least maybe we might have a show Had a pretty good show for a Monday yesterday Oh, the problem around here I got a memo here, which I don't know if I'm supposed to be dishonier or not But he's going to lunch that anyway The program director was busy flexing his muscle Hank Goldberg suspended two days for yesterday Doing the worst show in the history of QA How do you like that? I think I did this fart the wrong flavor around here Let me get suspended Hank Goldberg suspended two days yesterday And I would agree by the way, I heard quite a bit of it I mean, I've worked with Hank on and off for about 100 years now That was the worst show I have ever heard in my life And I thought I had Hank cured of that business about blaming Didn't I mention just a couple of days ago? Huh? I'm supposed to be the leader here, I'm the veteran I said don't be blaming everybody else for your own You do a crappy show I mean if you're going to do a good show and take credit for it When you do a crappy show, a horrendous show And embarrassing show, you take the blame for it Instead of blaming Punky board ops and interns And guys who are just delivering food We're walking on a hallway at the time I mean what is that? How do you blame a guy who just delivered donuts? Oh, it's the guy from Duck and Dota It's his fault he's called suck And it's the commercial format Two days is spent for the Humper So I don't know who's going to show up at Shulustay Two today, two o'clock I don't know if from Monday yesterday we had a pretty good show I don't know what the problem was Maybe it's maybe was that the continuation play And again the other day The continuation play That's what Brian Lewis said So let me just tell you this When you don't know what you're talking about The best thing to do is say nothing And I realize that'll fall on their fears Just like my comment here that I'm not blaming everybody else for your own deficiency Okay? How do you blame somebody else for it? Continuation play my ass Is there any such thing as a continuation play And then I should have a hockey league I hope that you're sweet ass there isn't And now as if it wasn't bad enough to say I mean we're a Gary betman All I could say to you is Hey, you're a moron You're an imbosil Why do they just play peanut a lot there after the first three periods and see who wins a goddamn peanut girl game? Then they can get the two points Or maybe one and a half points and a half a point How about a quack And what is the point? Oh, that's the question. You little Jew, you maniac Send his ass back to Cornell And teach him something for Christ 6 God They ought to have to very least They ought to strap his ass up to a goddamn board And he roughs to his foot and his arm up inside He's at least for an hour Gary betman What they're doing to this game That I used to love until I was screwing it all up here Even rate Whitney Even the great rate Whitney, okay? Which we all know if we got a brain that Ray Whitney has a fair We all know that He says what the hell is this overtime format 4 on 4? How about like 2 on 2? How's that? How about none? How about the groeys just go out there Go up and down the ice huh? That sounds pretty good to me And just even stick one in there in a puck too Oh yeah, they're going to at the end of the time Getting started next season at the end of the time At the end of the time at the end of the regulation They each single get a point and then they're going to do 4 on 4 for overtime And if somebody scores a goal and they're going to get another point Oh my god, it's just staggering And they did away with the toe in the crease rule now The referees are going to decide whether the goal is this loud But they still haven't figured out how they're going to enforce this They have to have another 50 meetings to figure that out That's what Bill Tory said because he's got them both ties around two tight They have to have another 700 meetings to figure out how they'll do this now Instead of just saying very simply While if there's goal interference at an area And that's the reason the goal went in you disallow it And if they have a guy in the crease had nothing to do with the goal tender Then the goal is good They could decide that in 15 seconds But it makes too much sense And unfortunately everything the NHL lately does makes no sense And I realize of course that there's some people on this thing And I realize of course that there's some people on this station That aren't going to tell you that ESPN's go the home fans The fans there or the Stanley Cup champion Dallas stars Nice going there ESPN you mini-ax That's right Dallas Texas has got the lowest cable penetration of any major market in America Only 52% about half of the people there don't have cable And Saturday night's game was on of course ESPN Which means that the other you know The everybody in their brother down there was begging please ESPN make an exception for us Let's put it on an over the air channel that people don't have cable can actually see We're going to win the Stanley Cup tonight Which they did by the way by hook or by hook Ed was by hook but nevertheless they wanted So let us see the game and they said Oh, how do you like that? As ABC and ESPN already starting their great job They're going to do for hockey next season Well, we're going to have four weekends during the regular season Is all they're going to show So very vetman on the one hand gets all this money But he's going to lose all the TV exposure Only four weekends during the regular season Then they'll graciously put on a playoff there and see if things squeeze a few bucks out of that I get psychotic when I hear people talking about things that they know nothing about and let me tell you this too by the way since Aman is role If women's soccer or so god damn popular I'm sick and tired to heard about they got 78,000 people in the freaking middle and to see women's bull like soccer game Who cares? Does that make it good? No, there might be four million people in the world eating vanilla ice cream right now I'm open enough my lips here flattened my gums. Does that make it tasty? Oh, that make it delicious? No, that make it a vet. Oh, well, give us a crap! Like the guy to call about just as we're potting up the guy day morning show here this morning What do I hear? Some lunatic talking about golf I would rather be strapped to a goddamn sandwich board for six hours upside down with nails in my brain And then, and watch women soccer with the same time And here one more call on this radio station about golf And they wonder why they can't buy a goddamn call on these shows What the hell are we talking about here? Golf? In fact, I got a great idea. Let's have golf on 2 a.m. We got a lot of time to say we're going to have nothing else going on How about a golf on a radio? Rehears ago, and this is a true story I told you this Rick we were did bowling on a radio and I would be bowling. Oh, it's a little hot. Oh, it's a 10 pin. What a rough break. I mean, that's exciting on radio bowling. How about golf on radio? Oh, yeah. It's rolling. It's rolling. And of course you got to do it very quietly because you know, you got to have that hush to sound there. What a clock a crap. You people with your golf get a life. Get a brain. Do you want to go out there and play it? Get some exercise. Okay. Go out there and take your goddamn punnage act Daniels or whatever you're doing. And get some exercise and have a good time. But watching other people better, God damn ball around and then getting their little goddamn golf carts and go tool it up to the next guy damn whole, wow. Or whatever the hell they're doing. Who cares what they're doing? When I went back into that again because we don't want to go games playing that game. I'm serious man. Some of you people out there, you're like a deathnell of this radio station. A deathnell. So maybe Hank did have a point all the way down it. Golf. Golf on a fricard radio. And also and then that thing about the last caller there in the morning show he had a run in the head. I have never heard such a suck up job in my life. I'm going to take a joist probably going to have to get some preface before he goes home this morning. He's got to have the sorrispect on the history of the human race after that suck job they didn't end this morning. Huh? How does one guy have a room for so many tongues deep inside his act on Joe Rose got this morning? Oh, welcome back. That's you and worth a clap. Oh, you, you know, you know, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. And by the way, you were wrong, Joe and your full of crap. But nevertheless, welcome back and man. Maybe that's why he's had blew up like a guy damn balloon. Like somebody stuck a bicycle pump in the back of his neck and it blew up like a guy damn good your blimp from all that suction. Jesus, Joseph and Mary, but anyway. So calm down, Hank. Okay, and try to do a good show. Okay. Stop blaming everybody else. Stop blaming those 15 year old kids in there and try to answer your phones. Stop blaming them for the fact you're there a horse crap show yesterday. Okay. It was a bad show. We all do bad shows. It was a horrible show. It was bad. It was embarrassing. I'm embarrassed for how do you like that? I'm humiliated for it. That was funny. That was there would have been funny, but it was beyond funny. It was tragic. So try to butcher up a little bit to there. The kick your ass out of the shoes and take away the free food. Now, listen, I'm telling you, I'm taking it gloves off. I'm not going to sit here and listen all this bull crap this station is such a crap. I mean, granted don't give me wrong. Jolt is right. I don't care. I don't want to make it sound like I care about these things. But tell it like it is. Must have been that continuation rule. I like your wee wee. Okay, 10 15, it's 5.60. WQM. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. This is the best show in the world. That's what they tell me. And you're the best radio. That's what they tell you. Yeah. There's the first time listening. I think it's Robin talks. And I have a show that's going on Saturdays on another station. And while I'm asking this Robin, let's get serious. First of all, you sound like you don't know me from Loshy Pupa. Okay, I have no idea who I am. It tells you why not call up Neo Rogers and see as the biggest audience of anybody in town. And you as he showed you from Loshy or Lohnt's another station. Doesn't that sound bizarre? In other words, what I call up, you're sure on whatever a phantom station it might be on. And say, hey, I'm Neo Rogers and I'm on WQM 5.60 on AM every day between 10 and 2. What do I do that? No, I would not. Wouldn't that be interesting? I'm just asking for your help. That's what you're helping doing what? Um, well, I'm going to show you. What kind of a show is your Robin? It's about sex and dating. Oh, okay. Now we're talking. Yeah. And I've never done this before. So it's my first. Well, then what, what are your qualifications? You've never had sex before? No, I've never had my own show before. I've been a guest on other people's show. Have you had a lot of sex? Are you like, Permissed with you screw around a lot? Uh, yeah. I guess I have a bad reputation. Well, that's good then. That's just the kind of person we want to have in a section. What would you have? What would you have? Like a real slot. Great. Could you get a guest on my show? No, of course not. What am I going to talk about? What do you want some old bag on your show for? Talk about sex. You have a great boy. Yes, I do. And I have a great job. But you don't want some old bag on your show. I'm going to talk about sex in order to plan? I'm actually pretty less than. Yeah. Well, Mike, myself going to go to die. Well, what's the stationary out of robbing? Give yourself a little plug. Come on. I'm on WSDR and WNN. It's a Robin Fox live girl show. The live girl show? Are you out of your lives? Sex on a radio? Yeah. And they said to me that no rob, Rogers can get away with it. So don't worry about it. Nobody wants to do that station anyway. So what happens? Does it make no time is this show on? I'm kind of clock on. Oh, great. They're all yellow, right? Excellent. Okay. You know, this is my big break. I've been doing radio since college. I don't have a great voice, but I think I have just a good of voices. Anybody else? As long as you know the old ins and outs, so to speak, you'll be okay, Robin. Yes. Would you mind if I come back tomorrow and watch you in action? No, no chance. No chance. No chance. Now, J. P. says you can come and watch him in action, but not necessarily here. Would you post my double? What I want? Oh, she just... I vagina really gets my panties and a while. She just her phone just cracked up just at the wrong time. Okay. There you go. Robin, Quivers or whatever her name was. Robin, uh, Seymour or something like that. And look at that. Look at what a subliminal effect she had. Okay. First time a woman ever had an effect like that on me. I'm sitting here all of a sudden squeezing my black penis. Wow. Even. Roll. Okay. There you go. See, I'm not in verse to give in anybody a little star, a little bit of a boost, a little plug-in, except for that asshole on SRF by the way to when it keeps calling all the time. What's that was his name? The Jackass? Oh, God. That man ever calls again. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Our poll question today is what are we going to do about that hang? That's our poll question. No, we're not. I'm just just a joke. He just had a rough day yesterday. Okay. But don't be blaming everybody else. I feel so bad for all those punks that are walking around here. They only got 15 people working on that show. I mean, how can you have 15 people working on their show and it comes off that bad? You know what I'm saying? That's what I don't understand. There's two people working on issue every day. There's me and somebody in the other room. Usually, George. All of a by the way, he ain't coming back. He doesn't know about it yet. 5, what are you laughing about? Hey, listen. I don't mucky around. Okay. I'm loyal to my people to a point. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18T. I guarantee in the back of his mind he's thinking to himself, Oh, geez. I know that fact. He's going to get that young guy in there for a few days. And he's going to say, who the hell wants to look at me anymore? And there's something George that's a good point. You know, it's not good for my morale. Look at somebody who's like a pasty looking little spick. You know, I like to look at a young guy who's got like a little bit of a ten who although maybe an answer comes to his spick. At least, you know, George is okay. He just, in fact, the word is that George is going to be producing handshoer. He comes back. He don't know it yet. That ought to go over big. And then George can find out what abuse is all about. You know, George has been working this show. I would say nine, maybe ten years, a long time. He and I have never had one crossword. You can ask him in that period of time. I never shouted at him. I never screamed. I never, uh, nothing. For what? What is the point? It's right to bitch everybody else out because on that particular day, maybe you suck. Maybe you got out of bed on the wrong side. Maybe you didn't get laid the last two weeks. Whatever the problem is, I don't know. I don't know what the story is, but don't be blaming everybody else when you suck. You know, because off to anything when I suck, I take all the credit for you. You know, I'm saying, scored score. That's right. Here's a mobile and store. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I need to get to the Gary Batman down on the ice. Some of these are slammers, but into the board. I think we ought to have Ray with his spear. I'm writing the post. Okay. Since Ray's the one that was had balls enough to make the comment. I'll appall the thing that I want to be sitting through games next year and having a lance robber who has the IQ of a turn up. Correct. Just fighting, you know, whether we win or losing. It's literally quite, you know, big time. Well, how about the overtime thing now? How about four on four for five minutes and overtime after each team gets a point because they're trying so desperately to avoid these ties. You know, something, if you know anything about the game, which evidently Gary Batman does not end the board of governors, that plenty of times when that point you get for a tie is very valuable. Absolutely. Which we have a highly tied to our bets of that. So many. And if we would add a point next for everyone of them. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was going to be in an apply also, at least as you know. Well, this is the first step and this is the first step to what Batman wants, which is going to be the shootout. This is step one. Yeah. At any year, we'll get progressive until we've never shoot out. And of course, I think by the year 2005, when we have 170 two teams in the NHL and 150 of Marna Playoffs every year and there's no stoppage at all, it just goes around the year. I think that'll really be great. The thrashes and the measures and the smashes and the measures and the pressures and the crashes and dash your endottern blitzing. I think it'll be great. Watch your horsecraft. Gary, Batman's alluded to it and it just goes on. This just goes on. And all these other guys are saying, Eeeeh. Yeah. Someone's got to stand up to him and do something. Well, I'm a guy that's going to do a man. Well, I hope you've fixed that. I'm calling. I'm calling. I'm calling for my calls. Do you want to go in off the year they have calling Luca Bratzi? There you go. Okay. See you. I'm going to tell you right now. Okay. You people call this radio station about golf. You're the ones two things. Golf and gambling. You people will destroy WQA. And that's my prediction. Market down on a calendar June 22, 1999. That federal, Fag Neil Rogers said on the year. And I'm absolutely right. I'm positive of it. The golf cars and the professional gambling cars or the amateur. And you know what I'm also worried about since we're a passion. Hank, pretty good today. Why don't I? Is, you know, I get the feeling. Maybe I'm wrong. I don't know those guys that well. I don't want to know most of that well. But I get the feeling that Hank is creating and also at EK, this little core of chronic gamblers. In fact, I think we got a whole new chapter for GAO that we're looking at in this place. Have you ever noticed that? Oh yeah. Well, they over and under his 19 and a half and then some little pipsqueak continue over. Oh yeah. I already got my bet on an at-hank. I mean, what is that? What is that? We got children who are becoming chronic gamblers in his place. That was that all about. And then by the way, your governor says, oh, how we spend our money is our business. How do you like that? You like that? No. He's a crap. That's his response. Instead of like having a little bit of humility as the good Christian that he is, since he's so much better than all the rest of us, because he was born with a goddamn golden spoon in his back going for what makes him better than us and is two and a half million dollars a ledge, which is probably a lot more than that, who knows how much he's hiding. But nevertheless. So he's so much better than that. You think, okay, have a little humility. Apologize for the fact that his wife is, you know, a bitch that she's irresponsible and she did something that was illegal, okay? Like a crap stand-at for that. But he says, how do you like this? He says that, you know, you should do it. It's a lot of money that she's fed, but nevertheless, you know, she feels horrible about it in the audio and the mind your own business. He says there's no dividing line anymore as there should be between public lives and private actions, which evidently he doesn't understand. She broke the law. It wasn't a private action. It wasn't like she was having a sexual thing like bubblegum, got a bunch of blow jobs. That's not the point. The point is she broke the law and she lied to a cut to a federal customs agent. Once he got caught with her goods down, she even all will be seen to her. Oh, those are all receipts. So I don't have any stuff. And then they look in the goddamn suitcases and she's got 20 grand worth of crap that she brought back from gay parry. And instead of apologizing and saying, well, first she's very sorry about it. And I'm embarrassed and humiliated and we're going to send her into rehab or something. Any kind of crap all he says is, it's not your goddamn business. How we spend our money is our business and how we try to screw the customs and the government that's our business too evidently. One of the identity yesterday, every time these people set themselves up as holier than all the rest of us, they're the ones that turn out to be the chiggers in a goddamn wood pile. Make no mistake about it. Piece of turd, okay, right there, we're driving front of your face. Another big lying piece of turd, which is what the Bush family does best. They lied about the SNL scandal. They George lied about the no-no taxes read my hip read my lips read my slip, all the other bullcraft. Just lies and lies and lies and lies and lies about stuff that should be personal business. Like there's sexual pecority laws, which we don't care about that. I mean, let's face it if you were married to Martha Washington. You'd probably screw on on the side too, you know, like senior. That's their business. But when you're screwing a government out of money, when you're trying to do stuff that the rest of us go to jail for, then we do can get concerned, okay? Here's a mobile and crawl spring, hello. Yes, Neil, I'm the product that you hate golf being like you're in the big shaft, whatever you like. Nah, yeah, where's the good material coming, is that it? Yeah, that's it. There's another, how do you like that voice, okay? I want you to absorb that. I want that to sink in, okay? I'm in the big shaft. He surprised them against golf. Very clever sir. Very clever. I guess what, most fags got better things to do. They got better balls to worry about than golf balls, okay? Pathetic. Just a toning your voice, that boring tone. You're one of those people that's going to destroy the sports format on QAM. I'll tell you that, it'll be the best thing to ever happen. They'll bring some real talents on this radio station. Instead of this bull crap. Oh, you see that great shot on 17. Oh, yeah. Woo! The hair on my, just standing up thinking about it. And by the way, if Jack Nicholas is listening up there, because when I was on J&O 100 years ago, he used to listen to me then. I didn't know what I was talking about. And maybe still don't. But if you're listening, Jack, before they put your ass in a box in the ground, do something constructive in your life, okay? Do something meaningful, be side going out there and playing golf until you're 100 years old, make stick your ass in the ground. Just one time, do something besides playing golf. Wouldn't that be great? Wouldn't that be a breath of fresh air? Err. God. How about the senior senior's golf tournament? Okay? Well, they have to have them carry it around in wheelchairs and on their walkers. That would be good. That's coming this weekend here on QAM, by the way. We've run casting it from ESPN. Senior radio. Yeah. We can have a bunch of, that would be a good idea. Especially down here. Have it to be good at 90s. Share with that. Or the median age will be 90. Or far sports radio. All you guys, over the age of 100, here's the senior senior senior of golf tournament. Here's Ben Steady. He ain't feeling good. And he did, by the way. I think. Huh? I mean Sam's name. Ben Hogan, whichever one. The one that does it side-side-level. 26 after 10 at five, he's dead. Good. Hey, listen, 120 is old enough. All right, Kate. Good. Bye. Under 15 year old host Jenny, and this is Titanic taught. For me, my friend Kimberly talked on the radio about our favorite movie, Titanic and Leo. I love you, Leo. Yeah, we talked about the most beautiful, big, and Titanic. Leonardo DiCaprio. I love you, Leo. I know. I love Leo too. Well, today's topic is the Titanic. I saw Saturday for the 14th time, and I cried. I've been at 17 times. I cried every time. I wanted Leo to live this time. I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo. I wish my boyfriend was Leo. Oh, my God. Look at the clock. Titanic started the mall in 15 minutes. We're sorry. Hold on, Leo. We're coming. Okay. Thanks for listening. Good work. Good work. Next time on Titanic Talks. But our topic will be Leo. Rock Leo. The reason I played that here's the facts. And I appreciate it reminding you the thing that I had here yesterday. I wish I wouldn't have a shot can, but I don't have it anymore. Maybe somebody will facts it to me. The story from variety or wherever else it appeared that they're actually going to come out. It's being proposed and it looks like it's going to happen. Godfather for which some of us might get excited about that except for the fact. That Francis Ford Copola is working with Andy Garcia and Leo de Caprio. Oh, he's going to be in that movie alleged related to Santino. He's going to play the young sunny Corleoni. Don't he look just like sunny Corleoni? Yeah. And Ricky Martin, by the way, is going to be he's going to play Marlon Brando. Yeah. Oh, no, he's going to be the opera singer. I forgot about that. That's right. The high voice and no balls. Speaking of golf. Yeah, you've got people. I'm going to lay the QAM golf challenge to I'm going to lay down a gauntlet right here. Okay. Anybody that can tell us. So, and I'm sure the entire audience is just salivating, waiting at the prospect of what these assholes call us and tell us what they're saying about watching somebody else play golf. And by the way, we will trace the calls and have the guys with a butterfly that's coming. Take your asses away when we're concluded making a fool out of you. Oh, yeah. Did you see that shot that pain storm? No, I did not see that shot. Okay. I've got any interest. Nor would anybody with a life. Forget about a brain. Even if they got no brain. If they got any kind of a life whatsoever. No person in the right mind would watch that crap. And then they're talking yesterday on nonstop about this woman's soccer. In 78,000 people showed up in a middle and what does that tell you about how poor the American public is? Or maybe the American public is just obsessed with bull likes. That's got to be it. It's got to be it. And now we've got to WNB18 come out of this town. Is anybody going to go there? No, except people that are obsessed with bull likes. Huh? There must be a lot of people obsessed with bikes. I mean, how are it's proof for that? You take the bikes off his show. He's off the air. He's out of business. America loves bikes. Go to Holland. You see a lot of bikes all over the place. You come back to America. It's a turning general's Janet Reno. There's the proof you need right there on America's obsessed with bikes. North Miami Beach, hello. What is it? This is the guy. Yeah. Okay. Good guys. And bad phone. Here's a guy that was on there for about 150 minutes with no life. And he's doing a sunny fox imitation with a crappy phone. Nice job, sir. 560, 560, 560. See what's wrong with you putting him on the air. It's your fault. See I should do a hand go over and then start to go and off everybody else. I like calls like that, see? I don't take myself so seriously. Like some of the people on this radio station. It just can't handle a little bit of fun in games. What's wrong with that? It sure beats talking about the guy that didn't continue to play in a game ceremony. You got to lighten up a little bit. I mean just like I said a few days I can smell a surrounding now. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, you can smell it in the air. You're walking a halls here where you can smell it all over the place. And you think Adam from sales may have maybe another bad bullet grits or something that rhymes with grits. Or just maybe like I said the other day that they can't stand prosperity here. Everything's been going great. Even though hard to ask like me, adopted the Steve Goldstein attitude towards life, who the hell gives a crap? And I couldn't agree more. The check show up close to one time. I don't give a shit. There you go. That's her attitude. So watch everybody get in so hostile lately. A little dog loses it together. F-U-F-U, F-U, you know. What the hell was that? Oh by the way, our program director has got a big lunch. He's going to the day he's all dressed up in his suits. It comes in this morning. He's a good guy. Okay, me, now he's okay. Not a good guy. He's okay, guys. This is fair. I'm not a good guy. But at any rate. So it comes in here this morning before the show. And he says to me with a straight face. Okay, well, we had this lunch in once a month. Whatever. Hello, there's some jogging out of no. He goes over there into this jogs. And he says, uh, about 11 30 this morning, I'll just poke my head in the door and if everything's okay, give me the thumbs up and 9. Oh, it's okay for me to leave. And I went. All right. Well, I mean, the schedules already made out here. The schedule sitting right over here to my right. Now, I guess it's the correct schedule or close to it. That's it. Now you can leave. What is he going to do for us? Well, what is he going to do for us in here? Then I got to give him a thumbs up. It's okay for him to the coast is clear. Everything's under control. Like he's going to do something. Even if things weren't under control, he's going to do something about it. Oh, no. So go have a nice free lunch. Have a good time and get out of here. You know, it'll easily want to come in here one more time. And you know the reason. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Hello. Yes. It's a PTA. It's on its tree 30 and the Hank Goldberg show. Hey, Neil. You see that great shot by pain stored. I heard pain Weber had a great shot too. It's what I heard. Yeah, I lost my button. The market would have been Weber. Yeah, back home. Yeah. Hey, Neil. We'll see you. Loads and turn power. Big time. And the state of Florida. That's right. That's absolutely correct, sir. Have you seen the sound bite? The latest from Governor Governor. Governor Fumming. Yeah. Yeah. He bites. Yeah. He bites. He bites. Yeah. He bites. He bites. Yeah. He bites. He bites. He bites. Yes. The voucher. He's a voucher. He's a voucher. He has the ability to say we didn't do it. He said, got it. That's right. Got it. Just like his wife didn't smuggle enough stuff from France. Got it. That's who did it. His wife had two chances. To to to to best up. Got jam. Yeah. Let's have a little prayer session before we head over to Hollywood, General Gaming. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. I mean, what's everybody so up kind of button this place? Several of us are going on vacation in a few days here, which I'm looking forward to tremendously. It's going to be great. You think that everybody be a little melodown before you go on vacation? Now, when you get back from vacation, that's the time to be pissed off, because, you know, you look around and say, oh, my God, I got to be back here. That's, you know, that's plenty of time to be upset. But when you get ready to go on vacation and get out of this joint, what the hell's wrong? Could possibly be wrong with that. You people need to just chill out. That's my message. All these people here at 2 AM. Just chill out a little bit. Wouldn't it? Just be relaxed and calm like me. Take things and stride. You know what I'm saying? Jam it. Were you fudge back? Yeah. What's the matter with lesbian, daughter? Can't you tell? We're really lovely. Yeah. The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs, bathrooms, stalls. Yeah. And then the girlfriend's also a catty. She's the friend on the bridge. She's called Daddy. Muff-dy, that five-tune talk of all right. Still made it talk to me. All right. My favorite whole it doesn't have any numbers. A green color of fairway. And I'm a tapper, lapper. A play golf and a day. You can't talk to us. The past is the only time that's there. I'm gay, let's play, ill-featured, you can't tell me. And I'm gay, let's play golf. And right if it's gray, let's fix it. My face is the only lady golf to me. Hey, pretty free of five fifty. WM is we continue our search for the most boring sport in the history of the human race. I say golf is right up there. Maybe lady soccer. The golf with me gets number one. We'll find on five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teal. And you notice by the way, then on these macho golf fans have got the balls. And of course they're all saying, well, we don't have to defend it to you. Of course you do. You have to defend it to the whole world because anybody with a brain, even little kids out there are laugh at you, realizing how stupid and lifeless you are, watching a bunch of other people whack a ball around, okay? I mean if I'm going to watch other people whack a ball around, maybe there might be a pair. Not that. Five six seven, oh five sixty. Palm five sixty on the eighteen teal. Are those lines? Here's a mobile and palm beach, shall I? Yeah. Yes sir. The two reason the tape it today, that the governor had another problem with his daughter. And she was given the ticket for. To be able to help her. Are in her friends? Are there a way? No. Yeah, it was in the, the governor's daughter was having a. Who is exactly? What a hell is that? And right in the magic, one of her friends accidentally picked up a phone. How about a word, we're in the newspapers there. Oh, to the Palm Beach Post. Oh, well, we don't have that. Wow, you gotta get the Palm Beach Post. Somebody's going to have to ask that to me. How did I miss that? Isn't there, our papers here? I remember something vaguely about that. Right. But I was so successful in our Colombo. And her $50 worth of a crap she was smuggling. Yeah. Her and her friends, they did them. Evidently, one of her friends picked up the phone that had a direct line to the police department. Yeah. I'm trying to meet the phone call. So they went over because, you know, they didn't get it. Oh, well, what did they mean? They had a direct line to the police department. What do you mean by that? You mean his, it was his phone? It was the governor's phone. Direct lines to the police. Right. Just in case they have a problem or something. Just in case they have another SNL scandal, yeah. They went over to investigate, knocked on the door, went inside and they gave them tickets for teenage drinking. Underage, Dragon, his wife is smuggling crap by an end of the country. Lying the customs officials. And he said, is our business? How do you like that? He's only been an office about 15 minutes for Christ's sake. You know, it goes back to what you were saying. That does protect too much. Exactly. All right. Thank God we got a good religious family in there. There we go. Yeah. Holy, and then all arrest of us. Yeah. Somebody will fax me that. I haven't seen that. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See, that's why we like Governor Bumkin so much. He may have been close to death. A lot closer than I think we realized, but nevertheless, he never stole a freight train. Gambling at one time, and he was a little kid. Lost $12. That means that all arrest of us better stop gambling too. Because he lost his $12. But he was about 10 years old. Or whatever that story was. Just absolutely. Finally, finally, after all these days, after all these hours of begging and pleading and screaming and acting, here's a Cory Savon spy report, hello. Well, the reason why didn't call is because I didn't know the area you co-call. The format is just crappy radio. Yes, I mean, we've got them cheap to give you people a toll free number. That's right. Cory Savon, finally, I want to do last night's California news, Fox News. Guess about your call you to then give you a spy report. Great. He looked great. Yeah. He did a great job. He did a second call. Showed me his last night where he just kind of did some movie critique. And he was outscamied. Yeah. Cory always looks better when it's from the front because you can't see his ball spying. Oh, that's right. He's starting to get on TV because they never show him from the rear sort of speed. That's right. He was up to give the panel and he looked great. Right. Can I have a, I same was request. Yes, there are anything for that. For my Scottish free and can you play the bank? You bet. Thank you. And have a great day. Give Cory a big kiss for us. Okay. Okay. Kiss him on a ball spot. So how do you like that? They're watching Cory Savon. I was thinking about that coming at work this morning. I wonder if anybody's listening in four miles because I've been begging and cleaning. I mean, maybe that's one of those TV stations that has only seen my controller parks. I don't know. The last guy he didn't sound like was in the trailer park. 560 505 60 pound 560 on the AT&T water slide. Your votes for the most boring sport the most corrupt governor in the history of mankind. What did I tell you yesterday about a little bit of bush is okay, but too much bush. No good. No good. Too much bush. Booch. Booch. Up. In fact, that's probably the biggest problem with ladies go off and lady soccer. Too bush. Here's a mobile and cross spring. Hello. Hey, hey, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Alright. What year did I start about? Yeah, I was about 88, 89, 88. I'm 86. I'm 86, 87 something like that. Well, that's all long. I've been listening to you. Great. And you're about to tell me I'm an idiot and hang up on me. Yeah. Well, you're a golf guy. I'm at this quick. I'm 38. I never golfed in my life until I was 36. I couldn't understand why anyone would even do it. Right. No, I'm not talking about playing golf. I'm talking about walking through that. I don't want to get to that. Okay. And then I had roommate to him and his dad on the weekend, which sit there and watch golf. Right. So that was in the living room. So I'm sitting in my bedroom watching TV. What do you mean you had the little notes? You were 36 and you had roommates? Well, no. This was back. I'm telling you, it's back when I couldn't believe someone would actually watch golf on TV. Maybe I was 28 or so. Oh, 28. That makes it okay. Well, you know, I'm taking that couple of losers actually watching golf on TV. How stupid of these two. I started golfing two years ago. I could watch it 24 hours a day on TV. For what? It's great. I mean, once you know all the personalities, you know what? You see, you've never golfed. You've never hit a ball. But that's not true at all. I played golf until I realized I was not boring. It was about 25 years ago. To me, it's not boring, man. It's great. Why do you say it wouldn't be so big if it wasn't good. I'm telling you, Neil. Like the number three, right? I'm just a little bit, unless you're really into it. Okay. Well, listen, have a good time. You know, as balls, well, you've got a lot of roommates, you know? They like whack and balls together. The roommates they like balls together stick together. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Why is that how that saying goes something like that? Yeah, like that. So it was 28 and he had the five or six roommates and they were all guys. What's wrong with that? Here's a mobile and pepper pie in, till now. Neil, got speaking. I don't serve. Okay. I play golf and I watch two golfers a year. I watch the US open. I watch the master's and just because, uh, well, I don't want to take away your right to watch it. Okay, because it's a free country and then that works to put a lot of butt-wise response on there and they can a lot of money from it. But, uh, I just can't envision for anybody with, you know, any kind of money. The family couple playoffs because it's the best, right? The best hockey players making the best shots. Yeah. That's going to be a good job. Because it's exciting sport, whether it's the playoffs or not, it's an exciting sport. There's nothing exciting about golf. Where's the action, baby? Where's the action? The action is when you know how hard it is to make those shots. No, it's tough. Listen. Listen to me. Listen to me. Okay. If you took somebody to the North Pole and in the middle of an ice cap, you'd build a little hole about three inches across and you took them about two miles away and you gave them a ping pong ball. You said, okay, hit this with a, with a block of wood and put it in that hole. That would be difficult, too. But it wouldn't be a lot of fun watching it. Do you follow what I'm saying? Uh, get your point. Okay. Every good time. Okay. Just because it's difficult, all right? I mean, taking a watermelon and sticking in in your act, that might be difficult, too. All depending on who we're talking about. But I mean, does that make it interesting? Oh, exciting. No. Synthilating. No. Jesus Christ. I mean, see, this is what happens when you've got so much boredom going on. This is the biggest problem, I think. Besides the crazy religious people is the board masses out there. You see what happens when your kids are bored. They've got too much time in our hands. That's when the trouble starts. Boarders are killer. And that's when you people start getting involved with a lot of stupidity on a crap. Boring. Terminal. And this guy admitted by the way. You know what I said, took me about 37 to talk him out of it. Now, the other guy has roommates with a good upset. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. So we have a corrupt governor who says it's none of your, how we spend our money in our business with that arrogant attitude, you respect them to the bush people, by the way. That's the arrogance, novice attitude that a lead is attitude they got. People that never worked on us day in their lives. Here's a mobile and west palm beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. All kind of listeners. The reason why we watch golf is we watch him to, you can't wait to see him choke. That's what makes you excited. They're choking it. Yeah, they take choke on it. Yeah. But when they're the easiest shot in the world and they just think, yeah. Yeah. I know I would try to get an entire Saturday or Sunday afternoon sitting around the whole waiting for some guy to choke on it. You're like a four foot pud, you know, for about $400,000 on the line. That's exactly, okay, thank you. So we said it's another American SNM exercise. Okay. He says we're a bunch of state. If you want to see these guys choke on it. Which by the way, you can see people choking on it on table with TV. If you're thinking scrambled, not that's on a front page of the paper. It's a print corp. I'll argue the case on table law as you'd expect. And as if they've got some idea of what it's all about. Non-subscribers sometimes receive parts of scrambled program. We can't say which parts on the air by the way, because we can't say penis and vagina and words like that. But a mother and kid coral for example said she found her son, eight and daughter's seven, trans fixed by scenes on spice of a naked man, Sodomizing a woman, a company by assorted groans and epithets. How do you like that, huh? Assorted groans. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And epithets. Which of course the epithets were probably like that. You know what this is? And then it go on to the story to talk about single bleed. It reminds me we're talking about this just a few days ago about way back when I did that show on channel 51. It was after Dave Dixon died and we were reminiscing about the old days on 51. And I did that show very briefly from about two or three in the morning until six or whenever it was. And came on after the on TV scrambled mode where they had like, Arrayed movies. I don't think it was x-rayed. But they were Arrayed movies. Hard R. I mean really hard. And it was a scrambled mode. And if you look like the pictures were like squiggly like it was like your horizontal or vertical control was off on the TV. But every now and then the lines were like if you looked laid down on the floor and your head was like cock-eyed little bit so to speak. You could see all the right parts in there. And evidently that's what they're doing over there in Cape Coral. They're sitting there watching through the single bleed, the squiggly lines and every now and then they see, oh my god and there's a, oh no. And then you hear like that. Oh, yeah. So what's that? So what's that? So what we're going to do about that? Because what we can't afford to have little kids being seen and they could people on TV or we're going to have a whole lot more shooting. Follow from here for we know that there's a definite connection right? Oh yeah. Because it says here in the same article, it says in the aftermath of a high school shootings in Little Colorado and Connures, Georgia, which have made protecting children from violent and sexually explicit entertainment. So in the end, you can see the topic of public debate. So in other words, if you see naked body or God forbid, two naked bodies are on your TV set. There's no question you're going to go out and see something. Or just shoot it. Oh my god, somebody who played in the US open, hello? Yes sir. Probably if you didn't strike it off from the start, you probably could probably play what in Michigan State when you went there. If you didn't strike as a game at the start and you were into it, and you could play well, then you'd be watching on TV, believe me because anybody who's any good at golf watches these people. I mean, I'm looking at the play with some great players. Warren, what you're looking for is terminally boring. You're on. You probably, you can't do anything for four. You play whack off in five minutes and can't watch a doctor and play golf for four hours. Yeah, you play the problem. Uh huh. You're at it. You don't know anything about the game. So that's why I got a report here. I'd rather whack off for four hours and watch a golf term. How do you like that? I take to 10 seconds. Uh huh. How do you know? It seems that you have like a disproportionate interest, huh? Okay. Okay. You're a hank toy. You're going to hank toy, huh? Hank toy that I whacked off in four seconds. Well, I'll come hank is interested in my, ah, that's an interesting question. There you go. What did I tell you about those put-wacken golfers right there? There's a classic example. But he's lucky enough to have played with all these great players. Give me a break. Okay. Great players. All these no-life guys were this country club mentality. That's what it is. That's what it's all about. It's a smoothie. That's why the poor cripple guy did it in the middle. You know, playing with the cart when we had to go through all that bullcrap? Oh, no. We don't want that because this is great athletic competition. He had that bunch of smoothie, condescending people. With their blue noses and their goddamn crap up in the year. And their stuff. Think it or whack any other off in a goddamn locker room is what this guy just said. Did he say that? Uh huh. Yeah, I'm sure that's what he said. Wack this. Okay, pal. One track mind. By the way, me this guy would like to be on a watcher name show. Huh? The one that's going to be on SBR. Robin Fox. Oh, she's got a CD. She sent a bunch of crap over here now. Robin Fox. They brought it from power. Rhymes with slacks. Oh, they brought it from power 96. Okay. Well, maybe she can do some of the guys over there. Oh, there's no straight guys over there. I'm made it through a soundshow, too. Somehow I'm made to... There's no hot evil I was to have like the newsroom. But they wear it. Almost beat. We're not bad. When a bad hard tool, But Jamaica's beat. Yeah, you make a seal. Like we've been through. All right. And make a soothing end. Oh. From 40 to 10. Like a fan of the year. Oh. When you're far from home, you can try to decide like a semi-air. Oh. Yeah. Well, my friend, I thought I was a bit He's looking in his dressing room. He was a bit of a... He was perfect. You know, I'm supposed to be impressed because Oh, he had the honor to play with all these great players. How about if he was in the world, the Tappy Poll Champion chips? Well, the world is greatest Tappy Poll. Since he's so insistent on pulling it. Okay. That's all seems to be on his mind as yanking it. Oh, yeah. He's been tapping the column was there. The world's greatest Tappy Poll. See, this is the deal. You can make it like curling. Okay. We laugh at the Canadians because curling is silly. And it is. It's ridiculous. It's idiotic. It's pathetic with all the respect to San Rishmura, or the great Canadian Curlard. Hey. And it's ludicrous. So the idea that because there are a lot of people watching it, or because a lot of people have no lives in our convinced that it's exciting. Because he says so, therefore it's going to tell me that it's exciting. Because I couldn't do it. I can't play hockey either, sir. I've never been out of pair ice skates in my life. But that doesn't mean I don't enjoy watching people who can. Because it's exciting. It's great. Oh, yeah. But the rating. I don't care about the goddamn ratings for sports. All right. That doesn't make it good. It doesn't make it bad. It just means there are a lot of people out there with really bad taste. They were lined up 15 D. But Kathy will have a house too. We see a hot piece. No. She's a slut. And she'd be the first one to tell you that. And not even a good slut with a pasty complexion. And they were lined up 15,000 deep at her house. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, the majority, yeah, the majority. Most of them are assholes. Okay. That's what you better figure out. Okay. So because a bunch of people are watching you whack your balls around. That don't make it exciting. There's plenty of guys that would pay to watch them whack their balls around, sir. And you aren't one of them. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm an I right first caller. The just to make game happy game on on the Buffalo fan time, Saturday night. I'm so pissed at that game out of thead that should throw everybody in the goddamn Rake and take those referees, take those officials and just throw out. They got screwed. But I didn't put them on deathrollers. What I should say and get them to be their first. He should be the fingerprint man in the electric chair. I said, what are you talking about? The game. Yeah. How that that goal should not have counted. Yeah. No kid. I know. And the thing is this is now. Yeah. Yeah. Always been hockey, uh, stand-up. Well, always. What cup? The sand cup. The Stanley cup. Yeah. They should put an answer. It's kept her it. That's right. They should say fixed at the bottom. 60 because the officials were betting on a guy named Gamehead. Yeah. They all wanted to get out of there because they were tired. That's right. He's all in. He was pretty important, but they're having another one. Good luck. There you go. 6-stop. OK, it's only Tuesday morning. It's only Tuesday morning. Yeah. He's still recovering from it. Right. Go watch some golf, that'll come you down. It'll put you into a coma pack. You'll forget all about life. You'll forget even about taking another breath. Elijah. 560 5560. Pomp 560. On a mobile one line. Yeah. Uh, you know, these things are so important. Aren't you glad that these things are all my like. Oh my like life in death. That's the whole concept with these sports stations man. These are the I'm loving this We got a governor his wife comes back. She's like smuggling stuff in he says mine your own freaking business You can spend all the money that she wants and I beat the crap out of her over the weekend. So so I'll butt out We got kids shooting each other and these people are worried about some fixed time I mean I watched it the guy is right it was bad. It was in the rule changes are bad Gary Batman's an asshole But I'm not gonna get all bent out of shape about it. I'm not gonna like Worked up into a frenzy about it. What the hell's the point? I don't give a shit anymore. That's right you better start listening to guilty all you people out there I keep trying to tell you this including some of the people are work on this station If you want to live to see another vacation after this upcoming one you better calm down a little bit and Take it from guilty just relax because 6000 years from now nobody's gonna give a crap Nobody's gonna remember that crappy show hanged at yesterday 6000 years from now are they gonna remember that? Oh, they are here. We're putting in the time capsule. That's how bad it was okay We're gonna put in the time capsule with a note that somebody is getting paid for this performance today and people are gonna say oh my god are you serious? It were actually paying people for that? In fact I'm gonna tell you how bad and I'm not I love Hank okay I mean he had a one to take it personally, but he will cause you you know he's he's he'sank But the fact is that I would rather watch golf for four hours than listen to you month that I listen to a net show yesterday And I'd rather be dead than much gone for four seconds. So are you kind of following the progression there? How you following the proportion? You get it It's fucked here's Boca hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a neat little story about golf in me in Joe Pesci Before he made it big as an actor 1960 90 works for the out of bandie works for a long island Huh, how are you to sit around every day and play gin finally one day? He likes golf. Let's go play golf So I go buy all the clothes. I hate golf. I live on a golf course Good I go buy all the clothes the clubs the whole thing. We're playing a couple times a week fresh air I can't stand it so a lot of hot pot country. Yeah hot pot country club I'm all right and after the night hole you want you take a break in the eat Somebody stole my golf clubs right then and there I never played golf against the 1969 And I want to thank that guy and maybe you listen to you on the radio Excellent. He probably forced you to find a real life. Thanks a lot. God bless you, sir And after the interesting by the way the story when this guy in Joe Pesci it was at some country club They're always playing golf even OJ He's always playing at some country club and you want to know why I was like I said before it's a balloon nose sports not a sport It's like what's the one that they play polo up there in Palm Beach? Oh, yeah for all the product prince Edward of course he ride side saddle and nobody's fooling us without wedding on Saturday Believe me Prince Edward who the hell are you kidding sweetheart? There's more than one queen in that family But polo we're all the snooty rich people get around other horses and they knocked a little Whatever they're doing It's like it's like croquet on horses on horseback polo I think you people up there in Palm Beach. I'm talking Palm Beach proper not the county But the community there and all the blue noses. I think you're playing pocket croquet is what I think you're doing Pocket polo Traject but you know which people have to have the snooty people have to have their events and so golf is one of them You see slippers playing golf? Oh no Because everybody's got to have a sponsor and you want to know why they're gonna have a sponsor because it takes big big bucks to go out there and get You know everybody talking about what a hot shot you are and about how you can stick your ball in one In fact, uh, or tell me about that yesterday About him sticking his Thanks for bringing back our big black but somewhat faded penis, right? Thank you so much Gotta keep Roy around to keep morale up there back in the sales room This is loaded a spell with Donnell I've been on here Jackson and today we're gonna fail the word paradise That would be now paradise Today are a B.I.S.B now if you didn't assume whenever I go down to gamble I always take along my luck as paradise Be good to me now. This is loaded a spell with Donnell I'll be down here Jackson Oh, thank you Lord. It's 11 14 at 5.60 WQM. We're talking about golf today and about the idiots that watch it I mean if you want to play it like I said we won't tell anybody and of course go after your snooty country club and You got to have a lot of money I mean it's just it's so patently absurd. It's not even debate about me You can argue flavors of ice cream you can argue about Smith and Malinsky and I great me We had from the slide away. He's still haven't picked up the China and guess what I'm taking a rest of that stuff home today I've waited long enough What were you want it? I want it for college Well, like I said take it home today because otherwise they might actually have a change of heart Take it today or it'll disappear it'll vanish so thanks so much for that great steak knife said god Those were great from Smith and Malinsky and uh and J.P. says thanks for the China and all the other good stuff And there it'll be great up there in Gainesville. I don't think you got a glass of coffee. How come I'm the your mic is like in the almost storm And which is good? So we thank you for fiercely two bad the food sucks so bad but nevertheless thanks for all the other good stuff in the t-shirts and the caps We love it So you can argue about things like that but I mean for people to call in here and try to convince anybody The golf is interesting or like women's soccer. Oh they had 78 let's hear it one more time they had 78,000 people the metal lands. Okay They could have been out there eating cotton candy and sticking their finger on each other's earlobes and that you know and that would have been more exciting than women soccer But there were 78,000 people are so it must have been something good going on right? What is wrong with this I mean every area it's like it's like if you're gonna go to a movie You have to check and see which one is number one this week at the box office Which one has is bringing in the biggest profit? Not are the reviewers not that anybody said was any good but which one is number one is almost be that Tarzan cartoon? Let's all go see that because everybody else is going to see it Here's a mobile and open show be hello Neil yes sir. Are you sir great? Not to be sending governor douchebag because I hate him like poison but the girl that got arrested was the governor of Alaska's daughter Yeah He was out of town So how did this guy come up with the fact that it was Jeff Bush's daughter where did he get this from? I'm not a daughter. I don't think he does. I think he made it up. Yeah It was a cover. Okay. Let's make up a bunch of crap The governor of Alaska she's 19 years old Nevidently the drinking agent Alaska must be 21 because The girl that was there drinking with her picked up the phone Which was a direct one that particular phone was a direct line to the tune of police department Yeah, okay, so they think happened. Well, what do you mean the drinking agent Alaska must be 21 what's the drinking age here? I don't know. I'm way over 21. So I don't really care anyone okay, okay, and it is 19 a And Western Europe is about a 10 I think As far as the most boring sport got freight right up there with bowling bowling is yeah I was a buffalo bowling is where bowling is probably number one. How about any koalaks huh? How about German months and now we're talking buddy bullmarle. Let's go back. Okay, have a great day sir How about Marty Perrano from Syracuse, New York there's a name then on a recognized Marty Perrano That'll left hand or takes us back to those great days of championship bowling with Fred Wolfe from WSYZ and Detroit anybody remember him? No great the great fair wolf back in the days when we had real personalities on radio Not just a bunch of jukebox skies Not just a bunch of three by five card readers like they got over there at the coast 567.0560 pound five 60 on a mobile one. I'm gonna get lunch from our friend Chuck into sub center today We all straighten out on that Joe Costello get his order in we take care everybody over here and also thanks to the colleague and guy Duff came in here today because he wants to do something beside make the schedule out Duff came back in again today and said oh the colleague and people we need to the great job They got all a water back in here again to be sure and give them a nice plug That's for you guys the colleague you guys we love you. Of course your sales that you're a countreb Your sales hole he ain't doing much of a job there with that account. I'll tell you that right now that Todd Drek I don't want to start picking on him for more than two or three hours a day for the rest of my life, but I will anyway even if it hurts Guy that comes in here and makes a big scene a big song in advance. I lost my cool I kicked his ass out of here last Monday here. We are eight days later. I don't want to mention the account Adeland of course mortgage which you love our friends over here my carton Jake but did he change the copy? Is there one new word? There won anything the old stuff from 11 16 98 still in the file. Oh This is the only place I have ever seen in my life where it is impossible to get fired Impossible to get fired you can get suspended their big-on suspension because the next-in-feel Macho when they do that you know but fired no chance Only that one girl entering got fired because she made she farted the wrong flavor to middle of a hang show one day and she got fired But of course he was a girl. That's why she really got fired right tough Here's my any hello. Hey no, what's up? How you doing sir? To be honest with you, I rather whack my own balls of the nine iron and send us that or they glutes my TVs Watching Conway tweeting and the golden bear pulling their around Come on, you know Falling on ABC golf on Panners with all do respect about good friend Gary sidebell who's doing you now. She got a bowling show He's got to make a living as a good guy, but it is so terminal, but you're right Absolutely terminal you're right. I mean a bunch of grung. I mean look And by the way, I'm you know I'm so glad we got it this because the people that argue about like all those people I showed up for women soccer soccer as you know all a worldwide attracts more people and other Autoracing I think that any other sport. I mean in Europe and South America their psychotic over soccer does that make you good? No still boring Yeah, we're fucker attract you know much more who the insights and you know all right people I want to go out and get into a big brawl and see how many people can you kill to the end of the game Yeah drink a couple fighters and I'm a bomb on the stadium. Lobama right Any other business that's the subject? I can't wait for you to get rich you valence. Yes I don't think you got a response on this. I finally saw the Britney Spears clutch baking right On the upper left hand corner correct all the three screen wins away sitting in front of the To the short right green and the red and yellow Red or real conspicuous She's right into where the poles it out Right Yeah, I even asked my friend Sean at pizza last night did you finally see that thing out of pretty He thought Britney was reaching into her shorts and pulling her You know, maybe she's got one. I don't know Wouldn't that be something if it turned out that Britney Spears had a penis wow? That would really make for a turn around five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 what? How do you know if she's got a penis or not? I'm pretty a look you better start examining first before you Jump to conclusions mister go take a peek Nobody wait Sean thought that was Brittany that was pulling the shorts out of her I tried to tell him if any said I only walked it like six seven hundred times before I finally saw it Before it finally got sore Here's Miami hello Any deal yes, sir. How you doing great? Got a good story for you did the truth The teacher at home said senior high yes, sir. We're Governor Sun teaches thought with him And that was the building stew was there and I tried getting rejoined the teachers union Which was probably a lost cost? After a couple times you finally told me the truth He says he has the check with his father Great You know I thought you were free white nobody ages 21 can make your own decisions Uh-huh, so kind of check with daddy to make sure yeah How did you had a check with daddy? Interesting how we got to his two you know most teachers after the hump for a job he was Assigned to us from the district Wanted to teach an intercity school for look good in his residence? I wonder how that happened Yeah, well they recently was assigned to another school in over town Two intercity for me. It's for twins Yeah, he said don't you carry the way okay, I know it's a look good, but let's not the Exactly right I know how he went to Mexico this summer to find his roots and then to work on the uncles campaign now now which son is this one is this the Oh George There's another George Is that another George Jesus Christ almighty? We got more guy damn George Bush's then you can shake your thing Yeah, yeah, listen. I love your show listen to it for a long long time First time call her I try and get my kids to listen to it at school, but I get the administration On my back once in a while yeah, but I think you're mostly disturb kids. I figure your show fits right in if it's in perfect Okay, I'll have a great day. Yeah, you do hey emotionally disturbed people and what what they talking about who was Mentally challenged who was the what I must have been that piece they did last night on 48 hours They went on a whole hour. Did you see that? About this woman the the guy murdered her daughter stabbed her 28 times and This woman it turned out the end of the show as far as I'm concerned if anybody else saw that I think she's crazy Then the guy that who got lethal injection of course because he was in Texas they fry him like I mean They don't fry him, but they kill him all right. It Texas like crazy They don't they keep that death row is they keep it moving like an assembly line. I scroll in air Oh, yeah But anyway, so she in system and having a meeting with this guy in jail and they have this program Or the victims with a relatives of victims get to meet the cry the criminals And when she waited and waved all these years and like two weeks before he was gonna be executed She had the meeting with him and we actually saw it and heard it and she's crying and he's crying You know Yeah, you know and Then we see we don't see them actually giving him the lethal injection damn it but nevertheless And the after math she this was supposed to like put it all the rest give her closure I commend them for not using the word closure once in an hour nice going CBS And did it give her closure no because now she's like She's joined this group of people that works to this mediation deal where they bring together the families of victims with a criminals Well, what's the point? They stuck the needles in his arm they put him the slapies dead and that should that should do it What's the point of going in like laying a guilt trip? I mean if they're gonna. I said gonna kill you That should be enough of a guilt trip, okay? She wanted to look up in the eye and you said it on that you know this crap and then to make this long story short in the end she was kind of like you I'm sorry for Yes, you were just whole life story and he was abused and he was mentally challenged and you know what has medley challenge me? Yeah emotionally it's like around here emotionally challenge. That's what most of our people around this station are emotionally challenged You know I'm talking about That's okay, that was funny Here's a pepper pine pillow Plaining other people for their own decisions. Yes, sir. Just to kind of change subject for a little bit The last week I received those a card in the mail and it said this my pleasure to tell you that I've been chosen for a meal for ratings All right So they call me this morning wake me up right and they tell me You've been chosen for doing the meal for ratings and they're gonna Talk to you up, you know, I got tell them what I watch and all this but it's not the funny thing is Is it's not one of those crazy boxes or did diaries? Yeah, they also do some of them by diaries Oh, by diarrhea by diarrhea Which fits in with most of what's on your TV said, yeah Exactly Well, I went to hate you know, I know you were right and I'm raising and talking about it and I wasn't gonna do it after after listening to you know everything that's well Why wouldn't you do it if you said tremendous power don't you realize how few diaries they got in other words Whatever programs you watch there you like You know put those down Yeah, well, I Guess that will but But I know you were you were talking about it The way you were going on with it. I wasn't gonna do it but I do it trust me you'll feel like a real like a real move-worn shaker Ever rate they pal move it and shake it that's what that golf guy said before move it and shake it Scorts or too much shaking that I think is your problem pal. I want our golfers. Do they like take showers together too? When they finish like with a tough hot the roundout there on a course, huh? They all get together in the grab Tigers would 11 26 at 5 60 WQAM Colligan water by the way speaking to get you when we're really good mood We'll do something great for and that is take the crap out of the water that comes out of your tap and by the way Never got a return phone call from that other company. I just mentioned that in passing that I call the president direct what he sent me that costume letter Never got a return phone call nice. Oh Frosty dad Sports work When the bomb gets blown over every Down He has been named Bob this time to come. He's been pretty fall a plan to make the roof. The tree is full of something never saw anyone wrong. He's been in career with spit a win on time. No, it's not speech from the red, obviously. He's been no thief again. Hey, you two, coward in G. Oh, what? Where are you? This is a bunch of . This is a bunch of who. I'm 33 at 5.60. WMR Polk, why is today? Which is the following is the most boring sporting event to watch in the world. The most boring sporting event to watch is the baseball event. The baseball event has become very interesting. It's so slow and so ponderous and so weak. And plus they're playing with BBs. They finally have admitted that the baseball is much tighter than they used to be. Which is why all these guys are in 60 and 70 home runs. And of course you've got 400 teams so the quality of pitching is garbage. And you've got a lot of minor league pictures out there. So you put those two ingredients together and it's like bogus because they're desperate. Swimming? What is nothing boring about swimming? Swimming? Get out of here Mr. Just ask your Greg Luzhane. So that's why he's a diver. I forgot about that. He's a diver. Probably not anymore. Here's a mobile to Hollywood. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I'm a golf enthusiast myself. Oh no. Well, let's go. You know what? To watch the match yesterday was yesterday. He's a match on again yesterday. Well they show the rerun. I watched it again. You watched it again after you got the outcome. You watched it go. I thought you said something. I wanted to tell you something. You know for the junior golfers out there that are playing now. You know my guy. You're going to get a life. Get a real life. You know a little fat bag like you want to show that he's a real man. That's right. It always comes back when I know just a minute. No you wait. It always comes back when I disagree with your opinion on something. You and the other asshole that called before. It's always got to do with fat fat. That's got to do with it. You're a little fat fat. And you like golf. Because no I don't like golf. See that's the best part. Even a fat don't like golf. Okay. Like I said before. If we monkey around with balls they'll be real one. They'll be still attached. Jackass always comes back. See they can't throw any other shots. So it's always got to be the same thing. That makes you real macho being a golf fan. Yeah. Call up some of the macho shows on his station and talk to the macho talk host okay about golf. Don't waste my time with it. Pettling your crap. Oh, you have violence. That's why I watch hockey because of the violence. Right. Just like the Stanley Cup playoffs. A lot of violence. Right. Oh. You just too stupid to understand it. That's your problem. So you like something that's real slow and ponder is more your speed. You're probably one of those guys out there that drives your big jiu-kunu about 25 miles an hour and a left handling on the turnpike in 95. Aren't you certain? Yes you are. Out there with your big civil or even worse your Lincoln cotton nettle. It's going about 15 miles an hour in a guy damn left handling and whatever highway you're on. Nice and slow. Slow is how we do it. Okay. Right here in Florida and you're part of the problem. Old cochers like this guy. In fact, that's our new show on ceremony morning. By the way, right after Joe Costello's racing show. Old cochers who play golf. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yes. Hi. This is the. What you call the. Yes. The golfing with a Kim Bosch. Yeah. That's it. Okay. Great. That's it. Wait in about 10. 15 minutes for that. Very good. Sir. Great material. Other golf enthusiasts. Is this the golfing with Kim Bosch? Uh-huh. What are you trying to say sir? Hey. Come on. 560560. Pomp 560 on a mobile online. But you're a little pudwackers out there. Yeah. Just make a personal attack. I couldn't give a crap less. I'm getting paid plenty of money. Say whatever to kind of crap you want. Okay. As if bag head by the way, how can you watch you know, ladies golf out there, which is nothing about a bunch of big bucks. And I'm the only one who decides me and Ben Wright who got the ball to say it. And CBS because they can't handle the god damn truth because there are a bunch of emotional cripples afraid of their own god damn shadow. They had a fire bend right because he said, it's a bull like sport. Nice going back. That's right. It's a bull like sport. Just like swimming and diving is a and wrestling is basically a flag pursuit. This audience can't handle that either. Oh no, I was once a wrestler. Well, okay. How's your roommate's doing by the way? But I'm only 47. Yeah, like that other guy before he was only 28 when he had his 10 roommates. All of whom slept on bunk beds, by the way. Sounds like a lot of bunk to me pal. Faggot. Here's the hell and Dale. Hello. Yeah. Hey. How you doing? Pretty good sir. All right. Boy. Great. Listen, it can only get better and younger. It can only get younger than the last guy. Okay. Well, I just changed the subject a little bit. I don't know if you discussed this earlier today. No. The, um, about the, uh, date county losing the pan and games. Sure. I happen to have that right here in my hand. Thanks to Santa Cham who reminded me about that about Linda Robertson who's never written a good column before in our life. But it goes to show you a sooner or later. That's right. An embarrassment. A gross task embarrassment because once again, the banana Republican which we live, our changing everybody way because God forbid somebody was ever in Cuba should even breathe the air here in his town. Although it seems to me that Levi who's on a staff in the Marlins and sticking the joy, by the way, isn't it human last time I checked? All right. Yes. Yeah. Well, you know what gets me in the first moment of the narrow mind and this obviously of losing the, uh, the junior pan and games. But the stupidity too, because Cuba's not even standing up. He actually is doing it. Right. I mean, right. But they might. So that's why we want that's right. They keep the door open just to make sure that merits dear on has it. Merit's fear, Himes sent a letter on behalf of Mayor penis to USA track and feel CEO Craig Musmezberg asking him to certify in writing that no Cubans would participate before they would let these pan and games happen here. I'd like that. They said they should have played in Miramar. There would have been no problem. That's right. Well, we're going to lose the big pan and games next year. So more power to, uh, rally counting. That's the way we correct that. Right. That's the take care. That's right. We welcome all the illegal aliens from Cuba even George in Broward County. That's why he had a move to Broward. That's right. We welcome everybody with open arms and Broward, not this kind of snooty guy they met at a tooth. I wouldn't be surprised if Merit's dear Hime and Mayor penis from a date county are playing golf together. Probably it's some real snooty country club, no doubt. Snooty blue nose is that's what it's all about. That's what it always was. And that's what it always will be that whole golf business, invented by the Scottish who walk around with those kills. So I can't I know those bagpipes. Well, that's right. I'm supposed to play that. It's coming soon and the bit too. Floridian's done have dirt. I suppose it will. I think it's in the very extra special sense that by showing all about. I'm going to be special. I'm going to make it the right now. Come on, let me cut my head. I already let it. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. Oh, I wonder what it is. It looks like it looks like a kind of person. I can't. It's me bag boy. I want to pay. Hey. What can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Oh, it's run your hands. Hey, that's so. Hey, like you're helping. Hey. Oh, what's this right here? That is the ball pipe. What do you do with the blow pipe? You've blown it, lad. You blow. You blow. Hey, you put your mouth around it on your blow. Oh, get right there. Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, do it. Okay. Come on, lad. You got the, put your mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this, lad. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. I'll get it. Hey, I mean, you're doing it right. What's this over here? Let's meet Shantar. What's what are we doing with that? What you do with that, lad? You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole. And you run your hands up and down, my shot real quick. What? Hey, I got it. Hey, run your hands up and down. There. No, I want to do, lad. Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shot real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, hit, hit, hit, hit. You're good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. You're good, lad. You're good, lad. Hit, lad. Hold on, lad. Hold on. Hold on. Squeeze the bag. Squeeze, lad. Now, you run your hands up and down the shot. Sit. Pass on. Run your hands up and down the shot. Slow. Slow. Hold on. You can do it, lad. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. You can hold that again. After the catch, you put it for me, baby. Okay, it's 14 to 0 at 5. 60 WCM. Corry, save it. If you're listening, good news. We are first take facts on Corry, save it here from the West Coast. It says, here's a real Corry, save inspired report. Coming from someone who's worked in television news for six years, Corry should have stuck to radio. It says, he calls himself a journalist, question mark. He did a stand-up at his story last night where you see the reporter in the story talking and walking about old naked people. Fortunately, I didn't pay too much attention. The story was doing so I didn't get the juice of it. Corry was holding the stick mic and talking about something we didn't have a video of. Never have I seen such huge eyebrows move so much when talking. His writing was ethongponderous. Television is supposed to be conversational English. His story sounded like he came from the newspaper. I should have turned it off and watched the basketball game or maybe even the golf channel. He also anchored the Saturday 10 PM show. He blows. He's no Craig Wolf, my nker for the NBC affiliate here in Crophort Myers. Is this his first television job? Uh-huh. He should have started off in Missoula, Montana, or Alpine, Michigan or somewhere obscure. Alpine, Michigan sounds good. Aside from that, welcome to Kate Coma, Coria says. I didn't like that. Hate facts for Coria Saban. Excellent. That's always a good sign. Here's a, in fact, Hank show yesterday was so bad that we didn't even get any heat faxes about that. And that tells you in other words, it transcends it like beyond a certain point. When it gets that bad, they won't even respond to it. They just ignore it. It pretended it didn't exist. It's going to be better today, Hank. It just relax. And if it's not, it'll be somebody else's fault. Here's a mobile info a lot of day, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm sorry. Did you hear me? Yeah, I hear you. I'm sorry, too. I'm a big sports fan in fact, is a lot of sports. All of it in fact, because you would possess community health and you'd present a good spirit with a kitchen son, mainly with soccer and golf. Oh. And I was scanning to the radio. I thought you said sports. That's not sport. Soccer and golf is sports. Yeah, well, I didn't do it. Hello. No. And I listened to you cook and I can't feel a big conclusion. Yes. Now I know what happened to Rosemary's baby. To what? Rosemary's baby. I'm Rosemary's baby. Oh. Not so long. OK, thanks. Thanks for your brilliant material, Holy O.K. And by the way, you only have a real good time playing at Guantanamo. And of course, they got there. They got a real good one for you. 567. No 560, Pant56, the automobile one line. Because all the guys like him, all the old banana people like him, they're going back this weekend. They don't know about it yet. And then we can get the pan and games in here. Have a good time. You and Mayor Pines, you're going on the same goddamn sailboat. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, everyone. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one thing to tell you in the Buffalo fans. We're all great. Great. We're real happy for you, OK? Jack asked you, team still sucks. And he ice-downers. I like David, even J.D. And Neil, that's what I just said. It was like playing a hockey on a margarita. Absolutely correct David. And get a new outfit. 560, 0560, Pant56, the automobile one line. Here's sunrise, hello. Sunrise. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you doing? Great. Good. Just got a question for you. What's the problem with you and golf and baseball when you live in South Florida? Why don't you move up the candidate? When I live in South Florida. So in other words, whatever goes on here, therefore I should be because it is going to go on here that makes it exciting. He's out of percent. How about watching the old people driving around on how Neil beats full of hearts? Is that exciting? That's over here for. Why don't you go up the candidate? He just looks like a... No, I don't want to move up the candidate. All the facts are recanted. Thank God. You all see on South Beach, OK? Sweetheart. See it all comes back to the same thing. I love it. I love it. And so many of you say something that rattles their spear. Faggot, man, they just lose it. I love it. I'm having sexual excitement here in his crap from all you macho golf guys, OK? Because you know something just like the playing bagpipes and what a skasman who invented your game. It's a pansy pursuit, OK? Real athletes don't play golf. Maybe in their spare time, they might just move and drink a little bit and I have exercise. But they're not sitting around watching some stupid golf tournament on television. And you know it and everybody else knows it. And you're too goddamn embarrassed because you can't handle a truth. Move the candidate and my fat ass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, which what the hell would you do with your life if I moved the candidate? If I weren't here to give you like a little irritant, like a little stimulation every day, huh? With my toe inside your toe, you couldn't handle it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, but as soon as you say something, one thing around down here, you know, as soon as you're off of their feathers and disagree, right away you're a bastard, right away they look for the personal shots. You're going to ask all of your fat, whatever it is, yeah? And what's the point? The point is that you just can't handle the truth. Just like that whole business we went through with the wrestlers, OK? Next thing they'll be defending Ricky Martin on the show. That'll be next. Wasn't bad enough that they were denying that wrestling business. Next thing, all these guys out there that are buying a Ricky Martin records, both of them. Well, I'll take a one thing about bluff. I mean, he was just a sure wrong about this air conditioning. Let's get that fan just really cranked up in here. It's fits in in here. Here's a mobile and highly, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You were mentioning earlier about what Brittany Spears had a penis? Yeah. Wouldn't matter. OK. I mean, something that looks like that, I don't care what it got. OK. Wait for the doorbell to ring. She'll be right over. Five and let us know if it circumcised me not by the way. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. I'm sorry. I got to move this fan. One more plate. OK? This is just boiling in this guy. Got a mighty. And this is only the 22nd of June. I'm not snorkeling, too. They do a lot of that down here. You go watch that two-pound snorkeling. How about watching the people at the early bird dinners? That ought to be a good past time. That's one of the, that's probably number one on a hit parade in Florida is all far stealing, sweeten low at the early bird dinners. Are we going to go watch that? Make it into a spectator sport? Yeah. There you go. It'll sure be more exciting than watching golf. Did the air go out all together? Is that what happened in here or what? Oh, the air is totally out. And of course, Duff, he's off to lunch somewhere. And we're sitting here, Schizophrens, and our brains out. Because the guy didn't air went out. Here's a mobile in four miles. Hello. Daniel, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Did these people actually think that you're going to stay nothing controversial? Then you don't know phone calls. We have no show. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, just real quick, I'm a former professional high diver. I used to be diving shows, a push garden. Oh, a high garden. I was also a high school wrestler. Yeah. I was just, I was trying to dive in and think, basically, all the good divers are getting those of us that are straight. Yeah, we can't point our toes. We can't dive too hot. Yeah, see, there you go. Wrestling, no, it's a weird guy who's going to rest with the high school. I can't stay for sure with where they're going. But you may not start off on that. Yeah. As far as the golf thing goes, you're right on the money. If you want to go drink with your buddies and maybe go to a new bar after, you know, do some drinking and then you hit the ball, little, that's one thing. Just sit there and watch golf on TV. Other than perhaps to try to help you with your game, that's what the icing is. Oh, I can. Pretty weak. You know? Oh, no. OK, have a great day, sir. Oh, no. Can I ask you a question? Remember what I said I wanted? Let me go, sub. We're back to the styrofoam cheese that doesn't melt again. Mm, OK. Well, I didn't want to let you sit anyway, you know? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond, 5, 60. Are you seeing this? Do you remember the one from last time? I think this is the same one. Huh? No, no, no, don't do that. No, don't do that. Just a week, what you got near and I'll sit here and lick my wounds. You got to eat something. North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. First of all, about the guy who was blowing over the stars victory on that. Yeah, the national. Another mouth breather, yeah. No, I mean, anyone who takes that inspection and something like that, or the cardinal. There would be like somebody who said, hey, the 1919 black socks, we wanted to bed, you know, something that's fixed. I mean, that is bad. Just a minute. Let's discuss that. Number two and number three. Number two, you've been alluding to whatever that Hank said yesterday. Whatever he said yesterday, could you please go into a little more detail? What do you mean whatever he said yesterday? Well, whatever the show was like, he's, he cuts people off. He's, I know he's a colleague, you know, I don't want to get started on him with you. What do you mean he's a colleague of yours? What do you work with him or something? Yeah. So what does that that? I mean, I didn't think I'd, well, I did it together and hang out at the same stripjorn. So yeah, this isn't to listen to the listeners. The guy is pretty much unimportant for someone who pretenties informed. Yeah, and now you son of a, you're going to turn the fact that Hank had a crappy show yesterday, I don't know why I can't think that. Don't know. Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying don't do it. I'm just asking, are you going to do it? Am I going to? You're going to attack him now, he's sure. No, no. No, no, no. Because he was in the middle of the show. And it's a middle of the summertime. We should point it out there. Nobody here. And then he went off the dependent blaming everybody else's usual for his own crappy show. Don't blame everybody else. If you do a crappy show, we all go play a crappy show. Be enough of a man to stand up and say, I suck today and let's move on and hope for better tomorrow. That's all. Be rating the little people. They had 44 people. I checked before I left yesterday. He was out of the churals. They had 44 people in the control room and then that out of control room. I'll run around to get put that show. And it still was a disaster. But of course, when he got 49 people running around, it's easy to find some of them to blame. Like all 49 of them. Rather than take the blame yourself in that easy. Yeah. So I think if it's another crappy show this afternoon and the call is sucking. It's just one of those days. Yeah. I think let's say the dog done it. It's his fault. Yeah, the dog done it. The cat. It's the monkey done it. That's all I said. I didn't say I opened up the door here for a whole assault. And all that assault on the Humper. But why do I have that? Well, I don't know. We're all big guys. We're getting paid a lot of money. We can handle it. And if you can't handle it, that means you're an emotional, emotionally challenged and shouldn't be an radio business. Oh, you're friends away. We'll back you all. We'll back you all. You'll be your right. You're on the gun. When you think of all the guns. Oh, you're right. Have yourself down the prison. Oh, you're friends away. We'll back you all. We'll back you all. You'll be your right. You're on the gun. When you think of all the guns. When you think of all the benefits you're getting. Like we'll be sweeter. And when you pack your keyters. Carry a life since you've easily come on and join to this. See you're never doing what it's to be a man. The world is getting all right. And for the... And for the... And always make for the head. And make the way out of the head. You're doing your skin. You're doing more. You're doing better. You're like... Come on and die. You can say. And you'll be friends. Say. You're on the Denver. And on the... And... From a 150 WQM happy Tuesday 2. We were smoking along there. And all of a sudden, you're almost everybody dropped off. You know what's that? Right at the same point. Right at that same point. When that guy called and made those unacceptable in temperate comments about the Humper. That was... I think that was it. Kiss a death. 560, 50560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. See, and we don't... The interesting part of the whole deal is that there hasn't been one person yet in over two hours who can't articulate and intelligently make a case for a golfing even mildly interesting to watch. Okay. All I can do is say, my cologne, bag at this hockey suck. All you know, try to obfuscate and throw up a smoke screen as opposed to saying, Oh, this is really fascinating to watch. It's not fascinating. It's not interesting. I don't care what the names are. The same old tired goddamn names. Nobody cares about these people. Nobody with a brain cares about these people. People would know lives care about it. Okay. And like I said, the degree of difficulty, it would be very difficult to take up penny. And to take a target, 65,000 yards away. Okay, and here's the deal. Throw the penny in a hole. Okay. Stick the pet, take a broom and shove the pet. That'll be a new sporpy for the end of the week. Oh! All I can say is that the people on this station, I'm sure, are just thanking the Lord, kissing the ground. That the next one at Game Last night, so they can perpetuate something. Keep something going until I can start, you know, gets under a hundred degrees and somebody might think about football. It's got an IQ larger than their thumbnail. They got to be kissing the ground that there's anything to perpetuate this sports format on his station. Other than golf and leaves soccer. Here's the Fort Lodderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to listen to a first-month call or I don't call it unless I have material. Two quick things. Why people watch things like golf? There's a book called The Culture of Narcissism by Christopher Lash. People watch sports because it creates the illusion of a level playing field. When life is not fair, on the field, every system is equal. What is golf? I got to do it with watching sports. Well, I mean, that's like people watch a name sports because everybody in theory is equal on the basketball court on the golf course. It doesn't matter who you're bad. They are. Who your parents are. How much money you have. It's supposed to be fair. Of course, it matters how much money you got when you're playing golf. Who your sponsor is or how much money you got. Who would be out there for like $0. Then you hope for that kind of fairness. One more thing. I have a thing you're from the internet called. What is a free finger? Can I get your tax number and I'll send it to you. 650. 650. Oh, 190. Oh, 190. 3.5. Okay. Thank you. Do I agree with what he just said? No. 670560. 560. On the AT&T. World of the Sun. Leveling the playing field. Plain field of life. Plain field of life. It's a bunch of grass with a hole in there. We're not in there. But just sand and water and that's it. Oh, and what a great. And my favorite line is somebody who make a real good shot. And I say, that's a golf shot. And I think, wow. How profound. I thought it was like a tennis shot. I thought it was like a bigger, like a lot of y'all. A bigger shot. That's a golf shot. Wow. 560560. 560. 560 on the AT&T. See, I don't want to burst your bubble. In other words, if your life is that pathetic and you really enjoy enjoying your pretending that you're enjoying that and having a good time. Great. More power to you. Okay. In fact, excuse me for outing you as being somebody with no life. I apologize for that. Don't I? No. No. If you're just that it's so, I don't know whether to laugh or cry, whether it's comical or pathetic listening to these last couple of days. Oh, well, you know, the US open. You know, the US and the US are in the matches. What happened to you? Didn't make it still the same crap. You know, it would be like, what's in this piece of plastic over here? You know, you could call this the master sandwich. You know, or the master. And it would still be what it is, you know. I've already unfortunate mistake. I guess is what it is. 560560. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, buddy. Go. Yeah. Anya, listen. I don't understand what you were talking, uh, sucker down. Sucker? Uh, yeah. Yeah. Hey, that sounds like you're expertise, sucker. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. One thing about the Julios in this town, thank God at least they got some different materials. Oh, who's that? Yeah. See at the Pan Am Games, sir. Here's Miami, hello. No. Yes. And you know, Mrs. Bush didn't under declare. To under declare. May be $200. That's under declare. But by $18,000, that's called fraud. Right. Okay. Yeah. And then she lied. She lied to a federal officer, right? Of course. She ought to be in jail. She ought to be in jail. That's right. Of course. And then the mil. People haven't got up to the fact that Bush got about $5 million by getting FDA loan from the government. And then you don't understand. They don't care. They don't care. Don't you understand his name is Bush. They recognize that name. He ran against the dead man. He ran against an almost dead man for years ago. And he got beat by walking law and because they recognize that name. Okay. This time he ran against a man who was already dead. Who couldn't win a fixed election. And that's why he's your governor, right? You're confusing people with effects. They don't have time for that. You're like, like, like, the brother, like George W over there in Texas, which they haven't got any idea what this man is all about. Every time somebody asks him a question like on any issue, it's a, Yeah. And during that, you know, and already he's like 100 points ahead in the polls. So what can I tell you, sir? Don't confuse the people with effects because then they have to think of it again. Very confused. Like all those people that got sucked in with that little BDI Ross Piro with the elephant years. Okay. You got to roll up our sleeves and do do do. And we can thank our good buddy Larry for that. Okay. Thank you for that. Thank you for taking these marginal subhuman scumbags and putting them on a year over and over and over again. And making them into big celebrities. And then we'll do it that. Yeah, thanks. Punch back. A little hunchback that it was everybody money. By the way, anybody get their money back from Larry yet? No. To where's talk radio ever heard in my life was on WOD. Here. I know that you keep on checking my car. Squared squared. Check out my breath that's broken down my foot. Any day you come on to me and let the things in my head. And a sound star. Ah, but if you wanna take me to the floor. The thing you provide me, don't think you know. I'm on my way. A rock. A rock. The new crew don't care that we want me. So I'm not doing it. You're a free. You're a friend of me. She was 25 but she's just the team. Look at you. I've been my man. I've been my friend. I've been my friend. I've been my friend. Oh my show. What's up, Tom? She's okay. She's okay. She's okay. She's okay. She's okay. She's okay. She's okay. She's okay. She's okay. She's okay. So Chuck from the sub center comes back over here again. Thank you, Chuck. I hate to make you come all about cross this really again. But the good thing you did. The problem with the other cheese is it's boredons. They usually buy it for publics and they don't sell it to the regular customers. They get that just for me. Just for me, special. They got that styrofoam cheese. No, they didn't have the crap anymore. They only have boredons. And the board doesn't melt. You can do kids. You can fry it. You can light it on fire. And it doesn't melt. It's prehistoric cheese. So it brings over instead of beautiful sub, a meatball sub sandwich with onions and like real cheese. Thanks a lot Chuck. You're the best. You're the best. That's what you eat when you're on a quarter. Four, forty one and I've already wrote or not. But that is or I mean one I've done. I've only got 17 different names. Look at this. We got our phone dropped off again here and you know who's fault that is. Who's fault is that? It's thanks fault. No, see, I think we ought to turn the tables on him today. Okay? We're going to start blaming him for everything. If it rains in your neighborhood, it's thanks fault. Instead of blaming all those poor underlings that are walking around. And they're trembling in their goddamn boots. Waiting for the next goddamn temper tantrum. I think left start blaming in the hang for it. and hang for it, okay? How do you think? Yeah. That's why we got two open lines on a board. That was because you were a full of crap. The continuation yet, it's a continuation play from his show yesterday. Brian Lewis said, it's a continuation play. Anybody tell us what a continuation play is? No. There's such a thing. No. Stick to golf. 567. 0560. Pomp 560 on the 18 and T wireless line. Don't forget real men play golf. That's what it's all about. Waterhill. Hello. Waterhill. Oh, yes, sir. Sorry to disturb you. I've been a golfing now for 37 years. I had it the most disgusting game to watch on television. Right. Where else can you see a bunch of skinny little guys who think club and think fat guys who smoke club, walking around think bell of ice. Right. That much your, I want to see your attention. The greatest year is that my mother rested so what from Europe with her anytime somebody makes a suitable statement or a below me statement to say, you better not be a fake bank is right. I have to be with them. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. You don't use it. The greatest put down in the world. Because Cox, I'll hoist is a lot easier. Okay. Nice talk. And have a great day. Thank you, sir. Okay. By the way, we're teaching it as to go in on a show. How do you like that? Teaching it as to go in, teaching about glory holes to straight assholes, quit in accomplishment man. Oh, well, we got spares out there speaking it. And you know, we really got it made in the shade. 560, 560, palm 560 on the 18 to wireless line. Yeah, Tiger Woods. What's his claim to fame? Tiger Woods. What's the big deal with him? They can 15 million, 20 million, 30 million. He says boring is dog duty. Okay. Tiger Woods. Oh, but he's a great golfer. Yeah, right. Huh, great. Like I said, Jack Nicholas, go do something useful before it's too late. Before they stick your ugly ass in a box, go do something meaningful. And you notice even his kid plays two by the way, you notice. The guns are much fun. Oh, what is your family done for society? Oh, we all play golf. Great. We're all over here, wackin' it. Here's a dear field, hello. Neil, yes. Yes, I am. Neil, two most boring sports I've ever watched. And I watched him total of 12, for 28 years of my life. It's probably a total of five minutes. Number two most boring is tennis. Number one most boring is sport. Have ever seen in my life? Yes, is golf. Right. I can't stand it. It makes me want to vomit. I mean, I mean, I really have to wonder about the sanity about the mental stability of the people who are sitting there watching it. I don't understand. Who in the guy that called who said, mid-a that he watched it again yesterday, they'd be played it and he watched it again yesterday. That guy is, uh, he's a first take. Well, besides that, what's he going better is, uh, romantly the sport. I tried to once once upon a time. I could have other, uh, took down the golf course and told me real man has to learn how to play golf. Neil, I don't go whole out there. It was the most terrible sport. Real man don't play golf, okay? That's right. We play whatever it is we got to play, but not golf. Okay. Take a look at OJ, huh? There's another example. What's his big thing is favorite past time when he's not going to, uh, whack in people's next off their shoulders. Oh, there's golf. That should tell you right there. All you need to know about golf. Okay. It's the fact that OJ, that's all you know. Even the night that the murder took place. He was supposedly whackin balls around on a goddamn front lawn. He was doing a little putt putting on a front lawn in the dark. Oh, I was right. He was taking a nap. Well, was he putt, oh, wow, we're not really sure he forgets. Oh, that's right. He was taking a shower with a doorbell. Well, the story keeps changing. But he's out there playing golf on any comfy club course anywhere in the world that they let him in, which ain't too many thank God. And what does that tell you about what you need to know about the sport golf. Scumbags are golfers. Okay. In fact, you know something I just got a fact here and I think it may be a good point. It said it's not a real man sport. People who play golf every single one of them. They're a bunch of faggots. That's what it said right here. How do you like that? In fact, I did see some of the highlights last night. Well, what's his name? Pain's door. Pull out a seven iron and somebody looking at him and he'll just get a gait. Clump you more on. A little bit too deep. Yeah, a little bit too deep. I think I'll just keep the gait. Right, come. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No, I don't. How's the little kind of cocky? Yes, sir. Yeah, I actually have something that's even more boring than golf. Any movie done by Will Smith or Adam Sandler? Yes. Oh. Yeah, my way. Yeah. Amen. But I'm yeah, we're supposed to be hip and cool and trendy. So we have to love a crap. Five six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. How about Austin powers? He are really doing it. I do. He's on the side of my virgin Atlantic plane on virgin shaglantic. Here's a mobile in dear field. Hello. Hey, near. Are you doing? Okay, sir. I just stayed at a golf store. Born. I was watching it Sunday for about a whole part of that thing. So they took the leaves and make it play late and talk to yourself. No, we just put the leaves. Hey, just look it in there. Yeah. Like it was a Peter North movie or something. You just stuck it in there. All right. Yeah. Thanks a lot. Okay. Good. Great call. Hey, we don't care about great calls on his show. We're not taking numbers and calling people back on this show. What? I've only heard that from 50 different people in the building. What do you give me? Look like that. Joe Joe's all paranoid. I heard that from a hundred different people in the building that some shows are so paranoid about the colors that they were actually taken phone numbers and calling people back. I mean, what kind of a show can you do when you're afraid of the audience? Seriously. Stop to think about that. When you're terrified of your audience, what kind of a guy damn show can you do? You have to deal with the audience. There's a lot of assholes out there that that's what this is all about. We're not here to educate. We're not here to inform. We're not here to, well, yes, we're here to make some money. That's all. We're here to entertain the kill for hours of the day. That's all what we're here for. Now, some of these people here are taking themselves too seriously. They believe too much of their own bullcraft. That's right. Just ease up a little bit. Like I said, things were going too well here and now everybody's starting to get a little bit too up tight. Oh, Joe, thank God you're back. Oh, what are we going to do without you, Joe? So, that's another two losers. I wish that's a point. You know, don't be picking on my buddy guilty by the way. Okay. You want to pick on B phone? That's okay. I don't be picking on my good buddy guilty who gave me the whole key to life. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Long time listener, generally agreed, but I had to call it about to go. Go right ahead. You sound like just a kind of guy that give us a rational explanation. Well, golf is a sport that in my opinion is sport that has provided a vehicle for numerous charities of all through, you know, helping inner city kids. Yes, so it's Bingo. Right. We want to go watch people play Bingo? You know, good great answer. So is the jury of the list? Tell us on you want to watch that? No. No. But well exactly. That's why golf is so popular. And I think well, let me ask you something. How much money do they raise in the US open as we can for charity? Well, I mean, look how much money to drill right or open. No, no, that's not what I ask you. That's not what I'm talking about. Well, the US open is the US GA event and the US GA has the first program they have clubs for kids. And they're doing things in the inner city. They're building. Great. Well, I'm tickled it out. That just doesn't mean I want to watch it though. No, I'm wondering. And I understand why, you know, you have the clicker. It's like basketball. I mean, golf is the only sport which teaches the honorable thing of calling a penalty upon yourself. You see these guys in basketball fall down, hoping to draw a foul. They're in the foul, but they're hoping to do it. Or they foul somebody or like laugh. The honorable thing it sounds like some kind of a handy thing when you put it that way. Sounds like something the Scottish would have invented. Well, I think it was invented by the catch. They're killed in their high stockings. Well, it was perfect. They're doing math or physics. Which, you know, they need a protection. And from now on, they have golf. It also have to be a major employer in our state. We have over a thousand golf. Isn't that pathetic? And that's why the state is in the shape that it's in because everybody's busy playing golf. Yeah. That's why the governor's wife is smuggled in 20 grand with a crap from France because everybody else is too busy playing golf. We're getting other way. And Tiger Woods and Jack Nick was both of done a lot for their communities that helped build schools and was not in Tiger Woods last year did entertain 2500 intercity children. We're off to them close. Yeah. So did Michael Jackson? Well, I don't think he's a putman the same way. Here's, you know, Tiger doesn't have those types of demons in his closet. Not yet. Not yet. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir. Okay. Well, I impressed by that. No. They raised a lot of chair and money for charity. Let me say it again. So does a bingo church bingo. A lot of other things. Do we want to watch those events? No. Doesn't make it interesting. Doesn't make it meaningful. It does it. Nothing. It's just a lot of time killing for bloonoses. Okay. I mean, why don't you admit I'm a bloonose? I'm a pseudo intellectual. I got some money and screw everybody else and I belong to the country club. And we won't let too many other spaches and besides Lee Elder and Tiger Woods. And that's it. At least be honest about it. Instead of giving me this big hearts and flowers and saw it at dance about it, they're doing so I am right. Tiger Woods is even all that money to charity and all those intercity kids because he's got to do it because it's part of the PR just like Princess Diana was doing her landline. It's the same thing. Here is a kid that was like an incident millionaire all of a sudden because for whatever because he could hit a golf ball all of a sudden he's a millionaire. Did I get any calls yesterday about the story about the academic grades and the high schools getting changed from F to B's and C's that I get one call about that. No. So your kids out there that might be struggling to get decent grades will may actually someday contribute something to society meaningful besides hitting a goddamn golf ball two hundred yards that are struggling against a bunch of illiterate jax not to mention anybody we heard on here this morning on his station. That's a real problem that nobody cares about. So I don't think your kid is going to get 15 or 20 million for endorsements like Tiger Woods if he's got a brain. 560 5060 pound five 60 on a 18-T wireless line. Here's Miami Beach, you're new before the pen and games there was the magazine band before the magazine band there was myedum two years ago before myedum there was Nelson Mandela and I was there pattern hero why you know it scares me out a special interest group in set stand it's for the rest of us uh huh. Is this hearing a lot yeah thank you. I was just finishing it by the sandwicher. Great sandwich by the way Chuck and quit using that goddamn board and cheese. Now Chuck's a right guy now we do wonderful buy us so I knew there had to be some children would probably bring up a crappy look and oh god Styrofoam cheese by boarden's. What I always tell you about I'll see the boarden ca huh. Don't ever trust anything from LC to boarden ca that's fucking bitch. 1226 at 560 WQAM. Yo man what's up the sofa cut the wish for her. How those will be get started. Started by the gen list seat for the wolf followed us at the breast and man for the Hollywood women are sponsored and they should have been booedies. Very hot to resist but if you're a girl who's thinking about living on well I am just thinking I don't get booedies to keep them from and wound. The pressure we say with a nuckier rich agent and play 200 pounds with you. The deal is being booedies. So run a me every day. If you already have big boobies don't do you like time alone. A one night go buy big boobies don't show them up today and if you're doing stop traffic you have a ride away. I'm 32 at 560 WQAM. I'm thinking about this and not that anybody cares about this crazy rule change in the NHL about everybody gets a point for a tie and then they play 4 out of 4 overtime for 5 minutes and winner gets another point to get 2 points. So now you wind up losing a game if you wind up being the loser and you still get a point. Radiant nice going Gary you jackass you idiot. You simple then you put you little up you send you what am I getting upset about a middle of a great lunch. Nice going truck. Thank you. As far as that board and changes concern here's the Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Any component and how to hold my lover's penis. Uh-huh yeah and you some point you need some pointers on life battle. Okay. You and your boy friends there that's what you need some pointers. Maybe the pointer sisters might do you but I doubt it. 560, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT. Same old time. That's what we haven't got the panamerican games so we can have the honor of having assholes like this guy in our midst. Okay. And like I asked you so many times before what do we do about the guerrillas in our midst? Here's a mobile in high lia. Hello. Any else? Yes sir. I made it out of high lia. I'm a Northlander. What congratulations to you sir. I'd more real fast do that place. God I was praying to you that I could get out of there. I don't know something going on 95 here around I was here at the back bump at the bump. Anyway many years ago when we didn't have clickers or TVs I come home on the big Sunday dinner you know the folks that have the big dinner you know on the supper and they were my parents watching golf never played golf in their life. Yeah. I was like my god I mean don't you people have a light now several years later 20 years later. Yeah. I go from my parents place to have a doing on Sundays. There's my daddy's in a coma and there's my mom watching golf. Great. And I'm like why are you watching this? She says oh it's exciting. Did you've never even looked at a golf club and how long compared to the rest of their lives it is exciting? Yeah, they live in one of them kind of many of them. Like I said. Oh Jesus. Hey God. How much? Okay. 560 560, 560 on the 18T wireless. I guess my mom and dad came along and took his clitoris where we going. We're going to North I mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yeah I grew with golf this first. You know the thing is golf used to everybody say it's a race that's a lead it's thing. Right. That's right. Well yeah, but it's not to race it is a lead it's and it's totally uh well why is it not to race this why because they live a couple of token games so it's not racist. Well I'm not defending in any way believe how many black players are playing out there on the PGA tour? 4352. I couldn't tell you I've never really well don't say two. Oh yeah. No but what I was going to say is it's what it is it's just uh it's a it's a BS for time to sport it's a place for mob show A holes to go and just you know but you're around you know it's uh look around there being bush. Follow around little goddamn stupid ball it's bush. I don't know what it is but yeah you're right there being like a ball I walk in like a Scotsman like that song goes walk like a Scotsman it's bush. I don't know what the chasing around little ball that's for sure. Yeah that's how I know what that is man. I can relate to that. 560 50 50 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Does anybody even made a case here today? Oh the other guy says well we have a lot of money for charity. I also said total is jury Lewis do we ever want to see him again? Oh no nobody with a brain will watch that thing you gotta be a mentally deficient to watch jury Lewis. 560 50 50 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Oh this is Neil Rogers. A bit you will set a lot of fender. Yes. Hey Neil how you doing? Okay. Listen the hell with golf the hell is going to go to the glam. I want to rock him you're not being psychotic about him casting Leo the flamer and Nick Danny Garcia and the upcoming got caught. What I already talked about it so what would you like me to do about it? Have a stroke with that making happy? I just thought you would be more in deducted about why are we thinking about cat. Hey listen if they could cash the fee of copula as Mary in the movie then my again and I walk with a word and George Hamilton the turret or whatever his name is. Do you know Mary of Puzzle still doing the screenplay of the S.A.S.D.S.C. is? Oh God I don't know what to tell you. He's thinking about also listen. You know maybe it wasn't Mary of Puzzle. No I just said they got Francis Ford I need the money couple of back again. I mean I'll be like casting P. We're having Nick the mall in Brando and the original. He's gonna be in it. He's gonna be in it. Yeah. Unbelievable listen I thought he figured out something the other day. This arguing you are having about the uh sticking to crank amendments in the schools. See you got to have it to the uh Christian right. They think they're so sweet. When this doesn't work as far as the good 10 Commandments, they're gonna say Nick. Oh well let's pick on John 3 16 in there and let's pick the uh uh verse of this Bible in there. You're gonna keep sticking versus in the Bible until something finally works with obvious people. Okay let's go take two in Colosseum in the morning okay feel better. Pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa just calm down okay just calm down. Stop being so right inside Cotic. Got an important stuff we're talking about here today like the PGA tour and this guy's getting all worried about losing our freedoms okay. What's the matter with you man? Haven't you got your balls on straight? What's your problem? 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's called selling halivat to the Arabs that's what it's called convincing people that's something is it's a hype job again you know. They got nothing else to stick on there right now so they stick all these golf tournaments on there. Sometimes on a weekend you can go to three different network channels and they're all got the same garbage on there. Oh but did you ever play the green monster? Oh yeah. Did you ever try that one hole where they got the 15 sand treasure? It's just uh it's putback and is what it is that's all it is. Absolutely nothing else. And the guy before was right you know about that macho thing like you'll notice that a lot of athletes who participate in other sports what do they do like OJ in their spare time to go out and play golf? Because they did they in their mind and make some feet of like it's an athletic thing which of course it's not. Here's a candle hello. How are you doing Neil? Great. Listen you every day I pretty much disagree with almost everything you say you're entertaining. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. They're taking exception here I think golf's most boring freaking sport I can anybody. Not a sport it's a game. It's either a sport is like where there's some real competition you know and guys go out there and they go out there and they go to each other's brains out. Well there's like some real physical competition sport is a game it's like it's like uh part cheesy. Yeah. Say what anytime a guy by John Daley can be classified and athletes who's wrong with the game. Yeah. Hey Neil I got a shameless request. Yes. Is there a chance you could do the Beverly Hill Billy's parody for me? What is what is it called? I have no idea that it's a parody of the Beverly Hill Billy song it's been from the Beverly Hill Billy. Common listen to the story about a man named Jay. A man named Mayor Barry nothing in his head after Labor Day had a hate from too big cool so he rounded up the kid and then they had to back the school Beverly Hill that is hot school 90210. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. How many inches did you know? I'm like God he just like so stupid. Hey like he doesn't know that two to stir from the store. Bowie Paul I don't think I've ever done a video that just came to your fancy Hollywood high school. Yeah. You keep wasting their boys. You already got Chris. Well the next thing you know there living in Beller. Checking in the rehab and bleaching out their hair. Oh they're really tan and they're getting lots of chicks. They learn nothing because they're still a bunch of here. And Beverly Hill Billy's 902 what oh. You're all hail back now. 241 at 560 WQM. Let's talk about our good buddy Glenn Grosso the general manager or we're pretend can toy the who he's tired of sitting around watching the sales holes bold deal after deal and listen to a ton of wreck and blow this account. I'm dying on the air. Yeah good point. Okay it's a 1244-560 WQA and here's a fact that shows the picture of a golfer with a very small go-nads by the way it says the MS boys who play golf have small balls. And I hear some of them are oranges what I hear and some of them go in the dark. Anyway we discovered that it's another one of those fact pursuits. They're okay caught dead out there and a guy named course okay if you want to do it do it like a late at night when it's real dark out there like when OJ was a put button in on a front lawn. Here's a mobile and dear field hello. Hey what's up Neil? Yes sir. It's got one thing to say. Happy deal more golf is a hockey for pussy. Okay that's what Bob Barker said. Here's a lady in Miami hello. Hello. Yes man. Neil I'm my name is Amanda and I think that golf the game of golf is the most stupid in the game because it's only game they hold back people with a string. Hey hey by people with a string? Yeah of course. Something like that. Yeah. My friend she's like a favorite fan and she wanted to ask the question where you gay are you gay? No. You're not gay. Fag but not gay. queer. You like other men? Not a cone. Do you like do you like other men? Do I like some? Oh you like other women? Are you in doubt? Oh I'm married. I don't like other I would like other women. Because I'm straight I believe in life. You believe in what? 560 560 560 on the 18t line that was good that was great. Anyway moving right along singing a song here's a mobile and martyred hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Neil first will what would you call a lady gal for? Dike. No, I'll punch. Dike. Okay. Yeah I just wanted to tell you that the hammer, the hump or whatever his name is. He does the nick fans the greatest justice in the world. Okay we're not interested in the nick fans. Okay sir. I couldn't care less. Now we finally found something more boring than golf, soccer, baseball, all the above and that's the nick fans. Okay. All you newer sports fans we don't care on a show. You are so fond of us. You all sound the same. You all smell the same. The arguments are old, tired, and stale. What we do, you want to game in a series. You're going to get your asses whipped and I don't even follow the gut in NBA. Anybody with a brain knows that San Antonio is going to kick your series ass all the way back to Manhattan. So cut the crap. God you talk about so let's go back to a recap where we were before. Okay. The gambling calls, the golf calls and the calls from the New York sports fans. There is the pool for you. What did the above is killing the sports shows on 2 a.m. And after talking to this jacket, I think it's the New York assholes. The nick fans, the jet fans, the giant fans, the Yankee fans, the met fans if we could find any. The Ranger fans which they don't exist. The Islanders fans which died 20 years ago with Denise Poppand. Real boring. If you're so hot to try to about New York, go back there. Okay, there's planes leaving every couple of hours. Get on a goddamn plane and cargo and go back and leave us alone. We came here to enjoy the sunshine and get away from obnoxious New York stereotype. Just like, go hang out with the nanny. Okay. Get out of our face. Oh, God. 567. In fact, that's going to be our pull question tomorrow. Who's more obnoxious than nanny or Todd Drek? Which today's pull question is, who's more obnoxious than annoying Leo de Caprio or Ricky Martin? Can't ask much about you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's an idea. Why don't we integrate all the racing with golf? You know, you're sporting all the Saturday morning, 6 a.m. 6 a.m. 560 QAM. Be tuned in this week. 567. 560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Hellendale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. How do you feel for that's not boring? Nick, the guy's knee, I just want the pedal reserve. Right. And I do want to thank you to smoking in for about three months now. And I really never had to charge to tell you that I had to call you this time and they are at RHS. Excellent. And I just picked up a Cuban bullet and I'm going to try that and I give you call them a couple days and let you know what was. Okay. Watch where you put it. Okay. Thank you. There you go. Nick's a guy as we just took a poll. And everybody in this audience had Nick's a guy as a hell of a lot more exciting and satisfying than some stupid golfing. And we took a net motion. 567. 560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Thanks for going to be here at two from Shulose Day 2. He promises they expect tacky to show to the. I thought it better be great. They've got 116 people they brought in today because Hank was very early yesterday. It was real unhappy with the performance of the 82 people that were working on at Shulose 4. We have to they brought in 173 different people that are going to be running the board, a screen in the calls, calling people back, checking their shoe size, looking up in a phone book, getting ahold of the CIA to look up their backgrounds before we let them on a year at Centerman. So it's going to be a barber, maybe a barber. It's going to be a continuation play from yesterday. 560. I mean, I hear things set on this radio station that just make my blood curdle. I just get so psychotic when I hear things that come over here and people are going, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, like that, you know, because this is such a knowledgeable town, especially when it comes to sports. In fact, I think most of these people a lot of stick to their golf. You know, how much does I understand? You hit the ball. You're sticking the whole. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil God, I I'm for I owe a lot of thanks to you. I mentally, you've met the state of duty. You mentally masturbated thanks to me. Oh, I'm so excited. Yes, you got it. All the Scott stuff is BS and I believe I think I understand why people watch golf. Yeah, I think people watch golf because they want to learn some mysterious and mystical tips on how to play golf better than their buddies. So when they're with their buddies, they can go ahead and show off. Yeah. Well, let them go and run by one of those video tapes for 20 bucks at Blockbuster and save us all the pain and having that crap. All the pain did you get that? I've had an RTV set. Let them watch one of those stupid, how two videos by Jack Nicholos. Come on, Jack. Just one time. What's your opinion on China? What do you think about nuclear weapons? What do you think about disturbing people in overpopulation in the world? What do you think Jack? What do you think about the shooting in Little Colorado? What do you think about anything besides golf Jack? You got an answer? Oh, a Jack. Jesus Christ. Anything Jack. Yeah. 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 an Arnold Palmer. He knows that he fought off colon cancer and he won the battle, but he don't want some given a goddamn card playing against him. Even though he's on the scene, he's riding around his cranky old ass in a cart. Nice going, Arnie. Real compassion. This guy before talks about charity. Yeah, we saw the charitable attitudes of the goddamn golf tour on that issue. We don't want some good, but they're getting the unfair edge by riding the cart. Even though he's got like a half a leg. Here's Miami. Hello. Amen. Yes, sir. I got to ask a woman that lab guy you had on smoking. Good stuff. Good crap. Very good. Just came in. Yeah, I've got to write over here in Little Jamaica by the way. We got the good crap over here. Yeah. I'm the subject of golf. I don't think anything can be more annoying. And that includes four to Marlon's gang. Right. You know, something sure you made the best point of the day. The Marlon's are the most boring thing I can think of. And the Marlon's are a thousand times more exciting than golf. Excellent point. Yeah, that's right there. Okay, God bless you. Well, that's he knows what when you're ahead. That's right. You can't top that. Oh, I'd by the way, speaking of can you top this. I almost forgot. Clifton Fataman died. Somebody did. I mean, that was yesterday's news, which I clipped it out. And of course, I forgot to mention it because he was 95 years old. And number two, who'd hell in his audience? Remember, Clifton Fataman besides me and my mother in a few old farts, right? Clifton Fataman. Early days of TV, radio, author. Huh, remember our Clifton Fataman? No, George has Kaufman? No. No. Ben, it's surf. No. Are lean Francis? No. Dorothy Killgallon? No. John Gerald's daily? No. No. Super sales? No. Okay. Do you anymore? No. You're a word Kirby? No. Kirby, Pucket? No. Rimes with, okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. By the way, for that black duct that called before. We're tracing the number. Okay, sweetheart. And somebody's going to be over your house in no time at all. Rho! It'll be a special gift for you. Slightly used and slightly worn out, but you love it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Seven minutes and 53 seconds on whole waiting, breathlessly. He gets his big chance in a one-big opportunity in the sunshine and says, nothing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I wonder who's fault that was? How did we just had a collar running here that wasn't there when I punched up the guy to my mind? Who's fault was that? Somebody's fault. Let's find five minutes was Hank's fault. Let's take a poll. Was it Hank's fault? What do you think? Yeah. Okay, it was Hank's fault. Too many finger pointers in his building. Okay. Too many people look into blame, everybody else for their own goddamn deficiencies. And that disturbs the living crap out of me. Okay. When I come in here and do a real crap show, which I can't remember when I last time, what year was that? I'm the first one to say, boy, did I suck today? And I got a big smile on my face every time I say that. Yeah, that's right. I said that this weekend, boy, did I suck today? Smiling from ear to ear. Wow. Yeah. Here's the Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yeah, how about getting Jeff Rimmer on to the gas and talk? Yeah, how about having a get something sensible, okay, Jeff? Now, you know, something I'm so glad you call, okay? Because we just discovered something a thousand times more boring than golf. Anybody remember those hockey shows we used to have? They stopped. Yeah, you can say that again. He says to me yesterday, he says, well, how about having a bunch of adventureion this week? And I said, uh, to give my regards, I love Don Cherry's great. Have done, Cherry. This audience don't know, Don Cherry from Don Corleoni, okay? Don Cherry. Have Jeff Rimmer on. Oh my god, those shows. They stopped. I mean, I haven't talked to my buddy Ray Whitney about those hockey shows. We used to be said, they stopped. I used to ask Doug McLean about those shows. And he said, yeah, Mike Lane said, they stopped. Don Cherry said, they stopped. Ron McLean from hockey nine Canada said, they stopped. John Davidson with his big fat mouth that showed for the NHL the night on his show said. They stopped. Yeah. I asked Rimmer's wife, my close friend, Fero Rimmer. How about those shows? I used to do a Jeff on hockey. She said, they stopped. Yeah. And there's somewhat different voice. So there you go, Rimmer. Nice try. I have another set up call here. Gonna hear Jeff Rimmer on his show every again. No, not only she calls in. And I don't want to threaten anybody in the building right now. But if Jeff Rimmer gets on here on the bat line. 1256 at five, 60, WQAM. You know, so every since I mentioned that in the minute, you're going to go everybody's life in Austin, mouth now. What is that all of us? Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. Last week, I did the crazy industry. I flew the Ocas to learn to keep on it. And then I hit the street to go check out my staff. And what happened was, why are all of our lives? There was a black guy in the pond to dawn. I said to him, I sat and yoved up, let's go in down. And look at me and if I was some kind of brain. And you won't believe it, but he's talking. Jeff Rimmer's chase a fool. How did you like the series of those games to put on the fairs? You don't like the chase and the chase a fool. How long do you know if I can take the fool and the chase to put on the fool? He's very fond of hate for you. Maybe who's that little drunk? I'm dead and he's dead. I'm getting learning, keep on it, so no one. Then he ain't that deep. He said his lesson would owe to him. Ocas, fumble, you fumble, fumble, fumble. And that lay there, I'm not always dying. Someone called the fairer meddling. I do do. Then another dude said that you pathetic aren't people. Do they find it again? If we'll be dead, then you will take a fool. Take a fool. Now I'll be doomed. Like a take a fool. Take a fool. You said you don't like it, but you can't do it. Now how do you know if I can take the fool and the chase to put on the fool? Oh, right. Take a fool. Now how do you think that you can't do it? Take a fool. Take a fool. Don't lie to me. Take a fool. Now how do you know if I can take the fool and the chase to put on the fool? Take a fool and the chase to put on the chase to put on the chase to put on the chase. Come on, exactly. On the 550 WMDA award-winning Hank Gogelberg, sure. From Shula State 2 at 2 o'clock. 6 o'clock tonight, we got Donnie ZB, Donnie XB, talking baseball for a little while. Killing some time is basically what it is. Fill them an hour in there because they don't want to pay somebody to do the show. And then of course, maybe we can get orange for a morning back for a ready grant. Oh, let's get him back. He's got a cuff following, which you know what that means, small and stupid. And then 705, we got the Marlins in the Metz. Thursday, by the way, you're going to be excited about this. Thursday, we got a ball game here in the daytime. All right. There are both the ratings in the toilet. Thursday, 105 pregame, game time 135 at Marlins at the Metz. Means we get out of here early on Thursday, which we say one more time, a case you mentioned the first to 100 times. Oh, yeah. Here's a fact that says Neil Gough is again, not a sport. And then when I just got through San Little Wilde, it's again like part-cheesey, like my young, like Domino's. It's a game. It's not a sport. Like checkers, like I would say like chess, but chess is more cerebral. Takes a little bit of intelligence. Going out there and whack it a ball, you got to have an IQ the size of your thumbnail. 567560, pom560, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hey Neil? Yes, sir. Hi, Jim. Hi, uh, first. Yes, Jim. I have a life. I like your show. And I reinforce your thoughts about the New Yorkers. I just was behind one of our great New Yorkers in a 12-boot, which says 25 cents only. Yeah. And the asshole doesn't have anything, but maybe a $5 bill. Oh, hey. So, you know, go New Yorker, go all the way to the airport. Yeah. That's right. Go New Yorkers, far as you can. Thank you, sir. That's right. That's our new slogan on this show. Go New York. For all of you New York sportsmen, go New York, and don't come back soon. I mean, there's a few of you in the Yorkers down here, about six or seven. I've a methamony of meh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Like Al Goldstein, but of course, he's only here part time, as little as possible. Here's a mobile an aventure, hello. Yeah, sir. We're staying on TV. These celebrity golf outing. You ever checked one of them out? No. No. So, celebrity golf? Yeah, it looked like Glenn Campbell and... Oh, low fish. Glenn Campbell and hoody in a blowfish? They were saw one of them, huh? No. They're painful. Jesus Christ. I mean, you watch it's either bad or not. Other channels, the juice man, and it's terrible. I read a CD, the juicy man and the golf term, and the end day. I read a CD, Ron Popeye, a hockin at the piece of plastic that he said pocket. Okay, thanks. Isn't that something that's a good point? But with television, it's so bad on a weekend, especially in the daytime. It's probably making millions for the informational people, for the Ron Popeye, a little bit of the world, and the juicy man. Because, you know, as bad as they are and as crappy as all those products are, I would rather have more entertained by watching Ron Popeye try to petal that crap than watching some stupid golf term. Not even close. My favorite is one where he's got the plastic, what do they call those things? They're just layers of plastic to dry out like your ear, you know, stuff like that. The plastic herb dryer. I don't know what you're talking about. My friends, I believe that Tom this country has the four-year-old rich young leadership. 567.0560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's my any, hello. It was good. I love it. I have to talk to the top of your board and with the golf in the Marlins. I have your, I have the top of it. Yes. The dictators, the past of those all, Is communist, or communist, past of those all, dictators or whatever, The commissioners of the county for canceling the pen and games for kids. Yeah. That's not boring. Oh, it's boring every time they do. No, it's not boring. It's really aggravating. It makes my blood boil. Sure, it's not boring at all. It's enough to make you want to go, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. Right. And take away their goddamn visas, match the cards in American Express and they'll possible. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Oh, good. Let's get this color on immediately if not sooner. OK? You see important things they don't get emotional about here. Like I told you before, there's no passion. But crap, like some stupid golf tournament, then they get all bent out of shape. Or maybe like New York fans get a well-court that didn't take much time. Here's the line seven in Miami, hello. Yeah. I was a bit into you. So right now, and I was thinking, you know, you talk about other New Yorkers being this and that one, you know what I'm saying? But the only reason why you talking on the radio is because you wouldn't be fan it on the TV if you did a New Yorker come on to you and represent themselves. Meaning like Miami people don't do that. Meaning, meaning what? Miami people don't do that. And New Yorker would come up and represent themselves, meaning what? Like from the Bronx would it? Which way? Maybe from the Bronx would it be? Like from the Bronx would it be? Which way would it be? But you would see a face and say, OK, we're going to handle this man. This is so... Handle this man, what? Because you can't stand the truth. Is that it? Because you're an obnoxious heart-ass? You're an obvious because the heat demand, the New York next me. Hi, there you go again, the New York next year. That's what we're in the end of the sub. Because the New York next year in India, NYX rhymes with Dix, OK, sir. You jackass, you embecile. The NYX, the NYX, thank you for proving my point by the way. Congratulations. And I've only been on TV eight billion times, OK? Mr. Loudmouth, New Yorker. Another one who's a real big macho man over the telephone air. Yeah, we'll show you with a NYX. Go to another goddamn dolphin game on a jet's come in and have another fist fight in the stands and prove everybody what a big... In fact, Joe Rose has already got his nephew, where his cousin or whatever it is. Great, a beat of 11-stot, how do you, OK? God, what did we do to deserve them? What in God's name did we do to deserve this influx of soil? We got the French Canadians coming down here. We got the frog face every year, which even with a crappy Canadian dollar, it's still didn't keep them all away. We got all the drags, all the people that got kicked out in New York. Every single one of them wound up here, all the rejects. No, the NYX, the NYX. Hey, I got news for you, sir. If that's the best you got to say from New York, then you've been no wonder you're here and not there. It's some stupid God in a literate basketball team. It looks like it looks like, and it looks like an exhibit that got away from New York a museum of natural history. The NYX, not the mentioned Patrick Ewing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, animal, one line. I'm in a... like I said, thank you so much for making my case. God bless you, sir. See you in Queens. Beware of exploding balls. With the trick, Santa's fly is great, this can be... Yeah! Yes, I'm a flea, lighter than climate change, lighter than Congress best among the wife and the queen. sposher those thanified. You can't hear those... And truth is almost gone isn't cleansing. They've hit the hand because fools closer eyes to the prime. We'll get on the stage without a new song Dream for music Your comrades can sing And we'll be playing as the as Where are somebody For next week That's true We got kicked in some serious New York ass today all in the York sports fans by the way you're all going back Except Joe Costello who's the Yankee fan, but he's really you know he's just got a bad haircut That was the problem was the haircut he used to be a good guy. I've got that haircut this morning 560 50560, 560 on a mobile one line No, but the next period. I want a game. Wow. We're really impressed okay. Does anybody care about that crap? If they got a brain no in addition, which how come we got white people calling up here talking about a black man's sport? Let the dark folks have their thing okay next thing you're about want to be eating their watermelon Next thing you're gonna want to see a whole bunch of people right here next door. I could tuck you fried white folks in the drives You're okay. Want to see that? No, not a pretty sight picking them goddamn chicken bones Let the dark folks have their own thing, okay? And stop trying to like hop on a bandwagon and be mr. Bigshot. It's like all the white kids talking nigger crap You're a day nigger all that other stuff You're white and there's nothing you can do about it. Okay, so just accept your plate in life your white dammit Here's the North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I agree with you with the New Yorkers stuff That the New York's so great to go back to New York. Yeah, what's the big deal? Everything with this arrogant everything was better up there if it was so great What the hell are they doing in this crappy place? What I got it disagree with you on the golf stuff. You all of course your full crap on that golf. No, I'm not oh, yeah right on target Explain to me why every little blue nose game work some blue off go what? Every weekend or one they also they also wrap the WNBA they're on CBS. Do you watch that? Can't even compete with that. Did you watch it? Sir, do you watch the WNBA? See another guy won't respond sir I don't have conversations with people or refuse to respond when I back into a corner have a nice life Enjoy your goddamn golf Enjoy watching all those very important people chasing their little balls around Just because it's on their on network TV doesn't mean there's an enormous audience So why and even if there is like I said before there are 50 million people out there right now with vanilla ice cream in their push Does that make it tasty? No good no exciting no sensational no Synthilating no But you notice how they refuse to respond Just like I keep hearing about all the hockey ready couldn't care less okay makes no difference to me Anybody with a brain anybody with any understanding of the game who understands the difference between something Exciting and captivating and something boring and dull They know the difference and unfortunately there are a lot of people out there in this country especially with really bad taste Maybe the busy at the shooting range, okay? But it games are on maybe that's it 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile implantation hello Yes, sir. I was going great To say you hit the topic right on the head I've lived on here a couple years and I keep when you were talking last week about your Lady at the toll booth talking about how she says high buy now right still be how you don't sell me a scene a few minutes Unbelievable the New Yorkers down here. I think they go out of the way to make everybody else as life miserable Yeah, send them back send them back. We got the frogs we got the old farce and we got the New Yorkers And I got the old Cubans if you take those four groups of people and you just put them on a bus in seven north Dakota Well, I'll be a lot happier New York, call somebody a douchebag. Yeah, all the Ranger fans you're all a bunch of douchebag all for okay By the way, how do I brain do you want to play off this year? How? Same as the Panthers I guess 560 750560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's Cooper City hello Okay, sure okay, you know I agree with you which is about New Yorkers on that you know I happen to myself I didn't even you go for what 20 years before I came here. Oh, oh, oh, God. I know I think you're they do you know what I find a little bit cynical about you. What is that sure? You know you're always complain and big so much about me You know about South Florida. No about Florida never said one negative word about this time This is pretty early. The old company this place is dead It is that it is that it like what you but you know But you're not finishing a sense what I said is this this area is paradise is good for the people are here Oh, okay, so you know where's either my staying here except for the people we got about 75% of the people we got a ship amount I want you gonna put them wherever put them where the moon don't shine Okay, well I don't make sense bringing some living and breathing people there. That's what I say So you're bringing some living and breathing people Oh, there's a lot believe me I've been all over the world so there's plenty of living and breathing people There are freezing their ass off of north. They give their left nut to come down here and have a good time even the women New or who are the companies of the 85 years old or in feet or something? Yeah, well, let's have a big swap. Okay. Well put them in a goddamn paramedics thing and we'll swap them out When it does swap them out and have a great day I'm trying to give the guy the answers here. He doesn't you know he's talking too much common sense 56705 that's why they call it God's weighty room sweetheart They're all waiting to die that every single one of them go on. There's one with you. I'm lucky. Yeah 56705 60 pound five lots of women today by the way We had that one an encoy her lesbian that black guy died that was on there. We got another woman Well here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yes, I knew first time I hear you First time you heard this show Where have you been? Well, I'm gonna do your cool or so no Is that though that people should put more new you occurs in one boat? Yeah, no, I'll play all of them. I said 90 percent. I mean, I love flour. But I am in New York And you walk a yes and the first time I listen to you showing I'm enjoying it. I was laughing crack and I'll see there you go You must be one of those new rockers that answer bad, maybe you're okay. Okay. You're listening to you some walk. See you on a subway They had a burning get 56705 60 pound five 60. She doesn't run with the orchestra Disneyland North that we can relate to a better Disney World North Disneyland whatever it'll help whichever one it is because we did you'll be any you know everybody Up the streets okay even a hot dog vendors he didn't like the weenies being out there on the streets because there were two suggested two phallics for would be Julia any who's gonna get his ass whipped by the way I don't think he's even gonna win a primary much less run against worry Oh, here we go here's the guy from Brooklyn. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a Brooklyn night. Yeah, but I'm a pan-maract man No, I'm a fluidity in oh Yeah, he's right but the thing is that we had two football teams that deserve it That's all the part of that other you do understand that's one of the big problems down here, sir. It's too many go in you do understand that Good morning go in. Yes. Well, I'm part Jewish. No, okay, that's part. I'm a Russian Jew which part oh, well, I An inches the With a listen Neil. Yes, I love you. It's been to you God bless you soon even on your effect happy circuit. I'm not a fact Yeah, we believe you that's what that's what Nuri has said to he was rushing to 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. I'm not a fact. You believe me. I'm not a man. No, that's a rookie Martin said to by the way Anybody believe? Oh, here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, how you doing golfers? The golfers better than sex meal. Yeah. Okay good good go go stick one in there stick one in the whole pal 5 6 7 5 60 pump 5 60 on a mobile one line Here's Miami. Hello Yeah, I'm with you Neil Yeah, just as these people know golf is driven by $100 million Right, that's all. It's a blue no is game right I let a couple of sparks is near right all of the In fact when he had to put the green coat on there and Augusta is in master's last year Everybody was like oh my god, this is embarrassing because they didn't used to let blacks play on a goddamn course And they also said oh my god the how can we do this put a green jacket on a dark and plumped a guy Don't look right you give me 600 million and budget and I'll put your pocket billiards and turn it in the golf there You go, okay sounds good to me when we start that. Oh pocket pull for everybody all right 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir Yeah, Neil. I'm one of those people that probably don't fit into your demographic. I'm a tall darkie You're talking about the early and NBA you're a tall sparks are yes, sir I am short hockey too. Yeah, yeah, I am black and enjoy hockey. I think that I listen don't get carried away Okay stick to your own stuff and don't start muslin on a white people stuff Yeah I gotta you took you look you took away the baseball you went a Latinos you took away the NFL You took over the NBA it's your sport now leave us a little something. Okay Hey, I think it's great man. I enjoy you shirt too. I have a great life okay my dark conflict is friend there There he goes. There's a good guy. He knows he's got his own school ball there, but he recognizes a great sport when he sees it. Like people call him up here like the one guy a few days ago, well, I was out there in Vegas for nine days at Mommy's house. Man, you know, he's going on and on. Great, okay, we're convinced to really must suck out there. We got bad taste. The whole rest of the universe has got bad taste. You're the definitive spokesman, okay, sir? Cause you didn't like Vegas. Like the couple assholes I had. Oh, we tried that fish. We would boil your taste is really in your talk. Okay, we're going to be in the next one. Yeah. Oh, I'm convinced now. I'm just wounded man. In fact, it not everybody goes along. What do I care? I don't care. I've put it this many times before. It's like when George is here, which, you know, I'll get a breather this week. I mean, George is great. But he's a hard asshole. It'll spick. And you tell him something. If you don't agree with, but you know, and he is like, he's going to be, he thinks that if he keeps saying it enough, I'm going to believe it. Like the backseat boys can't sing. Okay, keep saying that George. Oh, they're not going to be around or flashing the pen. Here we are. You're in a half later. They're out of his number one and 15 countries. And he's at it. You know, great. See, that's one thing about me. I don't need everybody else to tell me. Oh, you're so right. I don't care. It makes no difference to me. Because it's not your mouth that I'm putting the fish food in. It's my mouth. You got it. You understand? No, no, no. Yeah. Okay. What the was that? No, no, no. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You don't have a nightmare about Bob Lassard or last night? I really did. No, no, no. I had a nightmare that I was on here in Tampa again. He was like back in the old S.U.N. days. And that big fat tub of depression was on here with us. And he was just, I don't know what Ellie was doing, but it was very depressing. I think you can relate to it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't know who I'm talking about. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. We got two words for your body. Go and mix. Yeah, oh, great. There. You know something. That's your vocabulary. Right there, sir. I have only two words for us. Because that's all you know. Go next. You know where the next can go straight to Helen back. In fact, you know, I've adopted a whole new latitude here today. I've got a rooting interest now. I don't even give a crap as you know about the NBA. Since way back when the Rochester Royals were playing 100 years ago. With Bobby Wanzer and Les Harrison coaching and the Arnie rising those little guys that were about four feet tall when it was a real sport. But I'm going to make an exception this year in these finals because now all of a sudden, I become a big Santa Antonio spurs thing. I've never been in San Antonio in my life. I don't know where to find it on a goddamn map. How do you like that? Let's go spurs. Let's go spurs. Let's go spurs. Get there, man. Yeah. That's what I say. Just so you can shop your big, fat drooling mouths. Okay, and go back to New York. Go back and terrorize the poor bastards up there who's lives your room that who forced you out, who kicked your asses out. Sent you to God damn teniflion, anglewood, and tinnock, and Newark. No wonder Newark smells like that. It's not the fall of the Jersey people. It's because the losers from New York kind of way to floor to they stopped over there. That's why Newark smells like that. Layman on a goddamn beer factory, my ass. Just tell me which your problem is. What's going on doing tonight? And crime minds want to know. That's why, and firing minds, lead to Miami hero. Is Maurice Furey really having sex with an alien? They're in Spain. It's from the hell. It's from the Hawkins, the crew mother of the elephant. Hey, the hell. John Kennedy's sleeping with Max Hitler. Here's the hell. Get to him, baby. Go back to your birth, Jerry Falwell. Baby. I think the hell. Sex, sex, more hot. The elephant, the hell. Well, scary heart amazing right. Steie from Florida. A crossword fuzzle that has no answer. Our own fuel exercise is just for us. I've got no better signal locker. And we're so sorry, Uncle Albert, but we have to go to the bloody thing all day. Finally, Fabley rhetoric. That's how in the ladies, if you are. Oh, my, how are you, Harold? Available at supermarket check out counters everywhere. And we're five or two or three. One, thirty one, it's five sixty, WQA. M5, 670, 560, Pond five sixty on a mobile one line. Daniel, how come you're not more upset about Leo to camp. You'll be in a Godfather four. How come you're not more upset about the governor of Bush and his guide in smuggling wife? How, yeah, I'm worried about the important things in life. Okay. Like making sure the workers all get home safe soon. Not all, just most. There's a few good people in New York are good buddies up there at CNBC. Ted David and Ron and Sanna and Maria Bartir Romo and Suhura and Bill Griffith and Mark Watches name their Haines in the morning. There's some good people. They're all my good friends at CNBC. Dave Johnson and America's rack. Anybody else, you can pick up? No. No. Here's a mobile in Tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? Hey, I just want to let you know that some of the things that you talk about are pretty funny, comical. I think you got a great sense of humor. But. No, it's not. No, but. No, but today. No, but today. Just keep it up doing a good job. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have to be with you. But we sure do. You're entertaining. Well, God bless you, sir. And have a great day. Whatever you said, five six seven. You mama, five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Now what he said, you mama. Here's my email. Like Linda Blair said in the exorcist. You mama's so socks and hell. What is this? Oh, he's a real rips. Noron call. Must be another New Yorker. Yeah. Nothing. Next fan. God. You're the one. Oh, I think, you know, that's not a movie. And. Now, you're the one. Five six seven. Five six eight pound five sixty on the mobile one. You wonder why people despise New York. Why we had these ugly. Sick disgusting stereotypes. Why the nanny is there on network TV. The service of worrying to everybody else. You wonder. I don't wonder. Here's top and Oh, hello. Yes, sir. Good. A bad people. We're not. A lot of. A lot of. Yeah. Oh. York. I'm from York. Yeah, well, how can you left here? I got my left. What do you know my mother moved here? And I want to be with my mother? Why is that? Why did she move here? No, no, why did you want to be with your mother? Because I'm about to go for it. Oh, okay. Well, at least you're honest about that. That's good. We need a few mom's boys, right? Okay. Well, like I said to the other guy, you mama. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's an honest guy. There's the first honest guy we've talked to in days. How come you moved here? Because your mother came because he's a mama's boy. All right. Thank God for people like this guy. Welcome. He left in New York. Okay. He was one of the few decent people, no, seriously. The good people most of them stayed there. The ones that couldn't make you there. The ones that were the miss fits. The ones that they kicked out of town. They wound up here. I don't want to exaggerate. But I say that 90% of the New Yorkers we got here are rude and obnoxious and stereotypical and disgusting and unacceptable and their behavior is evident and totally beyond belief. Your mama. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60 on the mobile one line. We got 600 open lines. 26 minutes through. Why does this happen through the ass end of the show? Huh? I think we ought to blame it on those 55 kids that get in the handsure, reading the other room. Hands over at Chulos. And we got 160 different punks running around and the other studios over there making sure that all the all the record books are open, all the statistics book, all the other stuff. I think I can't count a point yesterday. I think you guys are laying down on a job. I think you guys ought to start screaming those calls. I hell of a lot better. Call them those people back two to three four times to make sure you got to write number. And let's have a ripsdorten show today on the handgoal bird show. Okay? Because you got to understand we've all got to do well here. We have a vested interest in doing well. This is one of those ego places. All of our bonuses are based not just in our own performance, but also are tied in everybody else's performance on his Napoli station too. We got a vested interest to make sure that the other people do well and not just come in and try to fake their way through with a and blame everybody else for doing a crappy show. We got to make sure that doesn't happen again. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Here's a lady from New York, hello. Hello? Yes? I'll be your ass. Hello. You're okay. You and this is the same bitch that was on her before their fall mouth. Same potty mouth bitch. They kicked her ass out of Harlem. How do you like that? That's something when they kick you ass out of Harlem? Yeah, that was the same duck. Try the village honey. Okay. Maybe it'll let you in there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, but I doubt it. 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello? Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. All right. She's probably got a Patrick viewing blow up though. Yes, sir. I just called the final. What did you think about that smuckle one, just the jab bush from the Jewish journal? No, yeah. That isn't me looking real good now, huh? You remember what you think? This is a match. Oh, yeah. Then this guy probably would have said the same thing about Adolf Hitler too. If you get the same pay off, I guess. That's right. That's it. Get them out of the table. Okay. Good luck to us. Good luck to us. You're in Zygazot and happy pace off. Whatever that means. I don't know what it is except that it's got a C H and Zah. You know, like Cox a hoist, pace off. I mean, pace off hate this time of the year. It's back in April, but it's never too late to say, pace off because it's got a hint. So you're either German, you're a Dutch or you're like a a hee, one of the other. Or maybe some more than one of the above. And the goeim get real upset because they can't say, they can't do it. Back we're going to be doing a whole segment of the show tomorrow. We're going to have goeim crawling and going like that. Yeah, it's good practice. Cox a hoist and also like I told you last week, it's all I deep down, flim out of your, uh, oh, it's great. From way down there in the balls of your flim ducts. Here's a four-later Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm not in New Yorker, but uh, what do you have against the Canadian? Hey, you're not, you're not a French Canadian. No, I'm from Montreal, I'm not French Canadian. Well, then you know what? I'm then you have to ask me that question. No, I'm not that easy. The frogs aren't that bad. Yeah, they're at least in a good goalie. Yeah, Jacques Plant and Patrick Roy. Patrick Roy, yeah, Felix Pavans for a while. Yeah. Thanks for good goalies and not too bad for Patrick Lalline, Lalline, yeah, and uh, L'Arach. And Marcel Cousinol? I can't remember that far back. Well, a fact far back like last year. Okay, thank you. There's, there's another X-ray. Gotta get on here. Gotta get on here. Gotta get on here. Gotta get out of this place before it's too late. Oh boy. Five, like I said, the people that were rejected else. Why, I mean, I should know that I was rejected and Michigan upstate New York all over the country. And I said, I'll go to Florida. I've been here 25 years. I mean, I fit right in. Rejects. At least I admit it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Can't remember that far back. Yeah, all the way to last year that Marcel Cousinol. This guy's probably making his French toast and his Cousin art. Can't beat that data meat. Hello, Scott artist. My name is Columb, but I got off that plane at the shopping in France. To hit your army away. I thought design and flow the sense of bottles and juice. And you went in France to do the tax with you. I tried that in hard to spot all and they wouldn't let me go. But I did not get in trouble. So I tried to double those wires. There's some jet-dill videos like you want to live up my life with such a famous apparel. My husband's brother will soon be your dictator. I like so that there's a thing that I buy everything I need and just want to know. I'll beat you. I'm a little bit more. Okay, 143 at 5.60. Love that Columb, baby. Oh, the book of rhyme was just telling me what a good time he had in New York. I'm trying to explain to him. There's nothing wrong with a city. Other than the mayor's an asshole and a Nazi. But there's nothing wrong with a city. It's just like here. If I maybe that's why we have so much income. The city is great except for the fact there's a lot of wrong people there. But they're solving that problem. They sent the most of the bad ones here. In fact, most of the next fans they sent here. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. There's one sport that you mentioned. It's pretty boring. I checked it out once because I think you like it is this harness racing. Yeah. Not boring at all. But the harness racing is great. Why don't they let the horses run? It looks like they're walkers. They're not supposed to run. Okay. How about you go out there and run? How about we'll turn our taxes to the sulky up to your rectum? Meet the crap body. You okay? We're on those long whips. We'll get one of the wild whippers out there. We'll get a luscious fine tane to whip the crap body. How do you like that sir? boring. And this is another guy probably watches golf. You're in T. 560, 505, 60, 560 on a mobile one. Yeah. Nothing like that. Thurber racing for a segment. They run six for long three quarters of a mile. They look like they're made to pass out the results. Then you sit there and wait another half hour until another bunch of districts are going to come out there. And run for a minute and 10 seconds. Great. That's excitement, baby. No warmups. No nothing going on. They come out there like a bunch of china dolls. Like if they go too fast in the warmup, they're going to like collapse. Give me a break. That's exciting. Here's four waterdale. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Pretty good sir. I live in Boca, a tone and I have a don't take cable and I give my bill another day. And the basic cable was raised about eight dollars. I call them and I I what reason are the raising? He said for the upgrade. You don't do upgrades work? What? The game show network. Yeah. Tune TV and TV land. To raise my kid go 20%. I got to go with that dish like you. That is ridiculous. Yeah. They can say about people. They can be man. They kidding me. Okay. Good luck. And he's right. I try to tell you that. But if you don't have the small dish, then nothing I can do for it. By the way, Jean Maibron speaking of a match game, which I do like the game show channel. But a true ring worth a box a month. But nevertheless, Jean Maibron still lives. Does anybody know? Dead or alive Jean Rayburn and crying minds one and a while I love Jean Rayburn. He was great. That was when a match game was done. Okay. Till Richard Dawson got a big head. Yeah. And look at what happened to him. Okay. Boy, you talk about what goes around comes around Richard Dawson. He turned into a old. I mean, he like aged 40 years overnight and gained about 600 pounds. And he couldn't even speak anymore. Our slew of a sled. Our slew of a sled. Our slew of a sled. Yeah. I'm going dick. Ghost to show you. Maybe there is a god. Okay. He just works kind of like I'm slow. Moved late reaction a little bit. Maybe he's busy bit none golf tournaments. Yeah. That's just like that guy said the other day. Who was it pressed in hand? Whoever was there in a golf tournament? Elvis Presley. Yeah. That's right. God. Thank the Lord. Yeah. Okay. God. Even that golf is so exciting that even God's into it now. We get a call on Jean Rayburn yet. Dead or alive? 560, 1060, 1060 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Danielle. Yes, sir. Really agree on those New Yorkers. They're a bunch of asshole off. I'm sparking a big fob run up to this first. Okay. 560, 1060, call up after two. Okay. So that's the again. Bionner. 560, 1060, 1060 on a mobile one line. Here's Davey. What is it? Dead or whatever? He is dead? Yeah. Oh, hold on. Oh, no. Jean Rayburn is dead? No wonder I'm depressed and I didn't even know it. Jean Rayburn is effened dead. Oh, and that's I don't believe that. I don't think he's dead. Jean Rayburn is dead? What? I mean, when did he die? Like, what was I doing? Sleeping when it's happened? Or what? When I at least expected it, Jean Rayburn is doing a big quishier up in the sky. Jean Rayburn was great. Now, what's your name? A breath summer? She could be dead and it wouldn't bust my answer. Yeah. And she dead too? What's the story? Now this Jean guy supposedly owns a car dealership and he's a lot. He's not. Jean Rayburn is not dead. Whoever called it, just in alarm is okay. Just wanted to get me all bent out of shape. Jean Rayburn is still alive. Just like Don Corley on a, he took five bullets and he's still alive. Don't you wait, he didn't love the way he said that. In the movie, what the hell was his name? What was his name? The one that he shot and hit at dinner there was the cup boy my mind is slipping out. They better come out. We've got farther for real quick. My mind is slipping like the old man. He was slipping. McCloskey was the cup. McCloskey and what was the drug guy? The skinny uh huh? We hit him five times and he's still alive and that's bad news for us and bad news for you if you don't make that deal with sunny. What the hell was his name? Salatso. Oh thank you so much. See and I'm not taking anybody but myself. My brain finally kicked in. Salatso. Here's more waterdale. Hello. Well. Yes sir. Hey. I hope that you were talking about the next report. How about your pardon? The Nick? Who? Who? Who? The New York? Yeah, Nick. Nick this. Okay. Suck the Nick's. 567. 0560. Pond 560 on a mobile one. You're another puss. Okay. You're another one of those immature overgrown infants that doesn't want to transcend that doesn't want to grow up. Okay. Like I said before. Let me repeat in case you missed it. Let's go spur. Let's go spur. Six man. Yeah. Kick some Nick ass. That's what I say. Six the next. That's right. Stick up right back in MSG baby. Tell him a stick away to Mundo and shine. And tell that Marvelle. Well, you're ready by the way. No. Yeah. No. Not yes. But no. Just say to the next. Yeah. The Nick's a good one. Yeah. Sir. You're another example. A little puss like you. You're another reason why the sports segments on this radio station are going in the toilet. Why some of our people are losing their minds. Is because immature overgrown children like you are the ones that are preoccupied with silly stupid games instead of important stuff like his gene ravens still alive. You wouldn't know gene raven if he knocked on your door right now and gave you a 50 grand in cash in small bills. Would you? Puts. Probably go out and do something stupid like better than a god damn ball game. And hopefully lose your ass. Let's go spur. Hey, it just has got to ring to it. Doesn't it? Let's go spur. Sanitone. Give him the ball. Sanitone.