Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. They're talking to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date in Brown and more pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast group. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL. The Hupernol of the Boy. It's an ocephic. Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their 518-year-old person better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of you think my martyr comes a game the whole family can enjoy. Crucifixion. Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets Neil. Um, I'll play the desk. Um, how about a kid? No, sorry, Billy. I'm sorry, Jesus. After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days you can play again. Run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Come so the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear. Fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included. Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers. New York, a beggar who we speak for dollars when he knocked out a monastery door went back a second time and got another two dollars. After knocking on the Brooklyn monastery door the third time under the evening, the man shoved his way in and demanded more money from the 74-year-old Roman Catholic priest. When he was turned down he started pummeling the priest, police said. Two other priests, 176 and 178 jumped in and tried to stop the beating. The rabber fought off all three priests. Must be because they're old, I guess. Before running away with a set of keys and some personal belongings and a pack of condoms. No, that wasn't in there. So there you go. The reason I mentioned that and the reason I played that good stuff. And I'm not going to do any religion. I know that gets a lot of people off so we spent all day yesterday. We got sidetracked. I wanted to talk about fat people. They wanted to talk about Jesus and lay into filling and get laid and stuff like that. But I do want to find out today since today is Aswin Day. How can it be already Aswin Day? I thought Easter was like an April around like, pace off time or something. How can it already be Aswin Day? Let's find out from some of our good Catholics friends out there. What is this significance of Aswin Day? And if I would have known that, I'd have brought in some goddamn turkholder day. Also, it's all Cuban Day. We had those other research that Fat Boy got off the computer. Children got lots of Hispanics out there. Maybe they're just no Cubans. Maybe it's like Puerto Ricans, Mexicans, Brazilian Colombians. A lot of Colombians. So we're going to challenge our Cuban friends to call in today. And each one of them, we don't have to have a lot of a turkish. They say, Madacone. Madacone. And let's take the best 20 of them and make them in the super stars. Because that's their favorite word. That's about, that's a medley of their material. Come on, let's hear it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and a mobile one line. Madacone. Come on. Let's hear it from all our Cuban listeners. There's nothing we know you're out there. You can even disguise your voice. Put a sock over it in the phone too. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Okay. Can't even spit that out. How do you like that? I've always told you, when it's out, spit it out. Mobile in high, Alia. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. First time caller always listen. You want the Cuban to call it in, right? You're Cuban. Sir, can you hear me? Hello? Okay. You have a feeling that we're having a little bit of a problem here. Can you hear me? Hello. I'll ride. Yeah, but he didn't tell me to get hear me or not. You must hear me because I said, here's a mobile in for a lot of day. Hello. Very cool, y'all. Oh, you Cubans man, you're so weak. Two or the three, like couldn't respond. They're just so nervous. Maybe they're just a bunch of pandas because that possibly would be it. You think? Oh, god. Are you Cubans with? Look at that. We should have all six lines floating right now. Are they are floating? Here's a mobile in the Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm Cubans. I'll get a help you with. I want your best version of Muddy Cone. I'm the one who calls you Muddy Cone, though. It's all the time. Well, I want you to give me your best shot. Come on. Muddy Cone. No, that wasn't too good. You got to, like, on the last, the syllable. With more energy. And process, yes. Muddy Cone. Oh, that was okay. Good. Good. Thank you. All right. He's still number one, Ed Guy. By the way, tomatoes can lower cancer risk. We're having lunch from pizza loft today. Have you called Jeff yet? I know it's too early. He's not there yet. I don't want to get pushy. But we're going to be doing because we're going to be. Not there. We're going to be picking up because I'm doing real well on the scale. Hank, by the way, is lost 30 pounds. He tells me, you can really see it. Not a fan, 30 pounds. I've lost 13 pounds. I'm this enforced diet. I have no choice. I'm on the enforced atkins. I got no choice. And my I'm doing so good. That my blood pressure medication is like down to almost nothing. It's just phenomenal. Maybe it's just maybe it's that garlic I'm taking. You think so? No. No. Here's a lady mobile and pump and no. Hi, Neil. How you doing today? I was brought up brain wash calf like when I was a youngster and Ash wins day. What is the dance Wednesday? Anybody has to do it? I did. But what it is is you go on the priest puts little ash stuff on your forehead. The face ash? I don't know where they got it from. But it's the beginning of lint and there are lint, lint, whatever that is. And you're supposed to do it today. You're supposed to do it today. No. What you're supposed to do is today you're supposed to give up something and give it up until Easter. Like if you smoke, you give up smoking till Easter. If you eat, you give up eating till Easter. Whatever. It's just really stupid. I'm going to the priest is going to give up his dome of the altar boys. That's what I'm going to do. I believe it. And I do think there are there are altar girls. I do believe not a long time ago but recently I think I don't go to church but I did go to a wedding in the world. Well that's the SNM division. That's where the nuns like to whip him into shape. Yeah. I worked for a nunnery at Catholic hospital for two years and I could tell you story. 309 been one priest. Yeah. Very interesting play. Service with a smile, I guess. You do better maybe they will say. They're miserable but I'm also a liver for a living and I deliver flowers to people. Yeah. And you know they can't say thank you they just grab matter your hands. Shut the door in your face like you're nothing. It's town. I'm going to tell you a story in a couple minutes about going for a prescription last night. You'll just want to cry. You want to sit and hold your head in your hands. I mean, the service that they have in this town is so pathetic. And so where do they get these people? They must drag them out of a dumpster somewhere. I don't know. I was done. I got to give up cable too because you should give up cable anyway. But my cable was out for four days and they told me the reason the cable was out was because somebody in the building was stealing cable. So they shut the whole building down for four days. And now they only want to give me credit for the four days. And it's whole town and they treat you so nasty. Even if you get a birth. I mean, you drive around here and you look around and you can't see one person smiling. Everybody's miserable. Except for the people that are listening to you. Most of them are listening to windows because they do stuff on the inside. Well, listen, have a happy S1 this way. Wait, wait. I'm sorry. I have one more question for it. Yes. Driving around. I see a lot of people driving purple cards. If you drive a purple card, does that mean you're gay? Yes. Thank you. Happy S. When do you see it? Yes. That's Wednesday. Here's a mobile and high ali. Hey, New Alafi last time. You want to hear it? M. You've got the emphasis on the wrong side of the house. You've got to be on my side. Okay. M. There you go. Now you're getting their work on it. Okay. He's working on a muddy coin. There we go. We got some Cubans coming out of the closet. Did it? It's good. It's coming out of the closet. It's the day to give up your window. We'll father of a tool because you got to give up something. Tomatoes can lower cancer risk. As I started the C.B. For us are rudely interrupted myself. Data most compelling for cancers of the prostate lung and stomach. Now maybe that's why in the Mediterranean. They call it that Mediterranean diet. The Italians in the Greeks. If I can say that, can I say Greeks? No. Well, they Italians anyway. They eat lots of that pasta and lots of tomato sauce. Lots and lots of tomato sauce on pizza and on pasta. And I just about every goddamn thing. They're just big into tomatoes because they got the thing is they have good tomatoes. Unlike here, especially looking Florida, where the tomatoes are all green. And then they gas into make them look red. Or make them look at least a little orange because they're so bad. But nevertheless, this is a tremendous study. It says many forms of tomatoes. And especially it could. We're talking cooked process. Although it says here raw, the other thing I read the other day is raw tomatoes don't do with anything for it. They're not as effective. It's better if it's cooked or processed. Like ketchup, spaghetti sauce, tomato paste, soup and even salsa. How many are these? Help tremendously to fight cancer. So all you guys worried about your prostate and believe me, you ought to be, you start just packin' it in and the sauce too. Catch it. Just start swillin' catchin' about the bottle. By the way, you know what I'm sayin' they use mayonnaise under catcher under French fries. It's gonna be both of us, don't be that. And I said, I know already. I've been there 60 times. I know all. Yeah, they use mayonnaise under your fries. Whoah, whoah? Get the f*** out of here. Yeah, right. They use mayonnaise. They're shimmerin' it. I wouldn't be surprised that they've been used mayonnaise on their own. Right, go. Just tap it a like it, you know. A lot of glam over there. Goin' like mayonnaise. Do it's not so much. Maybe you know chicken salad. Of course, the large and the bars. We're in the working down. I've been home crying in my bed. I've turned up the TV because they say the NBA is dead. We'll rob the new love to one. Why don't you practice that to free throw a lie? And you can't help the drugs and let the kids off the bat my age. Oh, right. We're helping drugs and cats help the drugs. We're helping cats help the drugs and cats help the kids. No. No. No. No. It's somewhere without my age. Now you gotta pretty well. I've been to the candy house and the other man. Watch the way the purple guy get a haircut and everything on the fan. Well, rather than you just so high, you can just help them if you try. You gotta help the rock and help the people all the bad guys. You're a good kid. Help the rock and help the rock and help the rock and help the kids. And he ain't cute along without my age. And 14 to 560 WCM. This show I have any dumb people around this town. This that I just played is a new AC in it. It was not Boka Brian. Okay, but the anti Boka Brian guy, the asshole, the nissit with that 80. Eight number whatever it is. This guy calls right off the bed. We're just early on the air in this morning. And already because this guy's got to do full rich life, screaming and hovering on the full with George Boca Brian. That wasn't Boka Brian. Was that Boka Brian? No. So you lose and you're really slipping pal. You're really slipping. If you're gonna knock Boka Brian and make all of these guy damn phone calls, at least you better know which bits or his which are not you jackass. Speaking of jackass is by the way. Major scandal in ourselves department. I got this morning. He said George we're Scott Schwartz. Like they haven't seen our friend Scott Schwartz. He used to work with us. He was a GTR that he was an IOD and then he was at the coast. And then he was at the TMI. And then he was out of work. And then he was over here and I told him I said, Scott, you don't want to come to work. It is a place I'm begging you. I'm telling you you're not. You're just not going to be able to deal with this. This is a place unlike you've ever seen before in your life. And I've noticed last several days that just haven't seen him around. And George says, oh, I'm very West me that he just kind of like disappeared in the middle of the night. Just vanished. Vanish out of this place in the thin air. And on the other end of the scale. On the heavy duty end of the scale. A fat boy, Jeff I, what all the things that I've told you about Jeff I are true multiply times a hundred. Walking problem, a big fat walking problem comes to me at the end of the show yesterday and says, Oh, I hey, pali, hey, pali. How about the higher lea? Can you get you to do live spots for higher lea? And I looked at him with a look of incredulally and I said, no, no, no. Highly a track, okay, a place that is a pucks a pop mark on the progress of the human race. The anxious John Bernetti and highly a park and I'm going to do live endorsements for higher lea. I don't think so, fat boy. And then as I wandered on here yesterday, it's on. I mean, that this was his general motorcycle around there. Always coming to me with stuff that I wore that I didn't want to do. And half of the time trying to sneak it on here anyway. Nice going, fat boy. But pretty much whatever you're going to bring down here, the answer is always going to be, no, just in general principle because you're full of crap. Not an honest full of crap is sand the end to man, our promotions been. That's my new name for him, by the way. Want to be untouchables here? Sand the end to man. It was sand who started all those stories about John. The modern one story is there were true stories about him being up in the press box and practically chasing ally to his daughter out of there at the Panther San Jose game on the night because he was up noxious and overbearing and probably smelled bad too. That was sand the shandets, the end to man started those stories. And then of course, once they get on here, Greg Reid turned on the alenders. Greg Reid, see, no matter where you work, I'm sure a lot of you, you know, you work for living, you go to the office wherever you work. There's got to be at least one or two people who really have no particular function. They're there, but they're just taking up space. Or in this case, like they're part of the bosses extended family. They're one of the untouchables. And so when those people like hang around, but basically all they had to do is make a lot of troubles throughout a lot of crap because they don't really have a job definition. So on those rare moments when they actually show their face or their run the operation, wherever you're working, all they do is make trouble. Sand the end to man. We're on the use sweetheart. Maybe you got to roll over the rise, you got to naked pictures upstairs. You're not fooling anybody down here on a second floor. Here's a mobile in Lentana. Hello. Hello. Hello. Mobile in Lentana. Hey, you, what's up? I'm not, I'm not Cuban. Well, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's what I say is. There you go. Real, real, real, hot, mighty, cold. Yeah. El Maticon, good. I'm these two more intortable, moon, no, no, no. In the middle, you say, don't, mighty, good, asshole. That's the word. Oh, Maticon, asshole. Yeah, asshole. Okay, have a great day, sir. I'm not Cuban, but he's some kind of spikyan antenna. Get the search party out. They're not too big on it, stuff up in Palm Beach, County. I'll tell you that right now. No spikiting lace. We have an open line in Broward 2 and Dave, 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Fort Latterdale, hello. You know, does a Jewish Cuban call in and say, Murray Cohen? Murray Cohen, right. Okay, sure, and sweet, right to the point. Week. Mobile in Fort Latterdale, hello. I don't need it. Yes. I am a little, got it, Steve, and I can say, Maddy Cohen! All right, that was good. That was put that one on the list. That was the best set up with some feeling with some moon fuses. Anyway, there was a story we had Monday, which we got in a response. So, of course, we don't get much response to anything, but I just keep plotting along. I don't expect any response, especially about something that's, like, really important, like sex. But News Week magazine has got more details here than ever before. Bad news in the bedroom. A sex study finds widespread dysfunction. Wait to hear these numbers. And I just, I, you know, there are all these surveys, all these polls. There are a lot of people, all the guys out there have a poll problem. For example, lack of interest in sex. And it has it by demographics, by age, by gender. 18 to 29. 32 percent of women, 18 to 29, have a lack of interest in sex. 14 percent of men, 18 to 29, suffer from a lack of interest in sex. Does anybody believe this? No. Where did they find these people? And some kind of, like, I know how somewhere. 14 percent of men between the ages of 18 and 29 have a lack of interest in sex. And 32 percent of women. Now, it's also interesting to see education. The dumb are they, are, well, I shouldn't say that. The less educated they are, then it's on much better. Less educated. The dumb are they are. The less school they've completed. The more problems they've got. For example, less than high school. If you have a, haven't finished high school, 42 percent of those women are, I'm not interested in sex. I would think they'd be more interested. They got a lot of time on their hands. And 19 percent of men who didn't finish high school have a suffer from a lack of interest in sex. But if you had some college or college graduate, only 14 percent of men and only 24 percent of women. So the greater your education, see, this is the, oh, this is a turnaround on the old stereotypes. You know about the trailer trash? I mean, they reproduce it like rabbits because they, I don't know, bother with no protection, but that doesn't mean they're interested in doing it that much. Maybe they're just doing it for the kills and time. But they're not all interested. And then we get to the way to the, hear this. This has got to be a bogusist study, okay? Race or ethnicity, white people. This is all ages. 29 percent of women and 14 percent of men suffer from a lack of interest in sex. Black, however, 44 percent of black women and 19 percent of black men have a lack of interest in sex. Hispanic, 30 percent of women and 13 percent of men. 1 percent lower than the white folk. So Hispanics as we see it, that's why they don't have time to call us, because they're too busy doing it with themselves, with each other, with, you know, with a molasses tree, anything that moves. Is there such a thing as a molasses tree? No. But whatever kind of tree that is. A maple tree has molasses. How about the, what about maple syrup? How about some pancakes, by the way? No, we're getting tomato sauce today. We're getting pizza lock. Lots of tomato sauce. They're just ladle on their ponytail. We're fighting cancer. We're not picking out just keep that's keep saying that to yourself. We're fighting cancer. I waited here to this. Can't achieve orgasm. Men, 18 to 29. Well, women, 18 to 29, 26 percent. Men, 7 percent. Can't achieve orgasm. I was assuming that's in intercourse. I'm assuming that, okay? 7 percent of men, 18 to 29. Can't achieve orgasm. Squared, squared. Do you believe that? Must be true. It's in, right? It's in Newsweek, yeah. And then it goes on 30 to 39, 40 to 49. It's pretty consistent. They're men, 7 percent and then as they get older and up to 9 percent. But there's not that much difference. And the same with women. In fact, with the women, the older they get, the number goes down. Maybe practice makes perfect with the women. It goes down from 26 to 23 percent. Can't achieve orgasm. And then it goes on about those who are currently married, never married, divorced, etc. And then we get back to the education thing again. Less than high school, younger than sawdust, 34 percent of the women. That's the highest number of all of them. Can't achieve orgasm. And again, the highest number 11 percent of the men. I guess nobody showed those guys show them a diagram of that billy goat. Would have put it. Huh? 11 percent of men who did not graduate high school. Cannot achieve orgasm. High school graduate 29 percent of the women, 7 percent of the men. College graduate and some college, much, much lower. In fact, college graduate, only 18 percent of the women. Cannot achieve orgasm, only 7 percent of men. We're back to that original 7 percent, which I don't believe. They're just, they're just thinking that pretending they can't achieve it so they can keep trying over and over again. Didn't work that time on it. Let's do it again. And race, or ethnicity, again. Those poor black women, man. They're just, I don't know how they're popping out all in babies. They reproduce like rabbits. But they're not interested in number one. And number two, can't achieve orgasm. 24 percent of white women of all ages. 32 percent of black women. And only 22 percent of Hispanic women. How do you like that? The Hispanic women are like doing it. Or at least the better actresses, one of the other. And men, white men, 7 percent can't achieve orgasm. But black and Hispanic 9 percent just can't, uh, court court. Can't quite get it there. Can't get it done. And wait till we get to the premature ejaculation. 18 to 13 to 29. They're, of course, obviously it's only men. Obviously. 18 to 29. 30 percent of the men suffer from premature court evaluation. Climax, 2 early. 30 to 39. It goes up even worse. They're not getting better. They're getting worse. 32 percent. Quarts, quarts, quarts, quarts, quarts. 40 to 49 back down to 28 percent. But 50 to 59. Quarts, quarts, quarts, quarts. They're 1 percent. So that's like about a third. Is that what the woman usually says when that happens. You'd third. That's about a third of the men. Climaxing too early. A little bit over excitement. They're not enough for play. Just, uh, whatever. Van Van. Thank you, man. Race of ethnicity. White men. 29 percent. Climax. 27 percent. The Hispanic seemed to be the experts when it comes to sex. They're, uh, everybody satisfied. But the black folks, 34 percent of the black men are scored scored. Too early. Maybe because the women are not interested. They want to get over with quick. I don't know what it is. And it's got pain during sex. Women only, of course. It's just fantastic. Amazing. So like I said, the Americans talking with game. They're talking about it a lot. But there's not a lot of problems. They're going to have the embeds. Women on the, uh, living room on the sofa. And on the office, uh, desk. And in the oral office. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, I'm on a board. See. Gracias. A little bit late on that. Here's a mobile in my, um, my decone in Miami. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. All right. This is an educated white male who does like to come and is white. Wow. How do you like that? Good. Good education. Maybe if you learn nothing else. I'll teach you about sex. How to do it, right? There you go. I got a good Michael for you. Yes. I got a good. Oh, okay. See you. Mighty gone. It's my favorite. Let's see if you want to understand the Cuban population. That you only need to learn one word. We don't have to get this bilingual bull crap. Mighty gone. That kind of sums up like, you know, You can't help it. That's their background. They've been indoctrinated by the cat like church days as Wednesday. And they got to give up something. So they're giving up their own father or two. And that's the way it is. That's a cultural thing. That's what we're all exited from. Another ethnic group. Oh, it's a cultural thing. Well, there you go. They got their cultural thing. That's it. This place stands for nothing. Okay. Well, the reason I'm not playing anything right now is 1031 a QM by the way for you without a watch is because we have to do two five hundred breaks now because the audio vault that piece of crap equipment we got screwed up on the first break. Probably one. I found a place for the other one. Okay. Okay. Okay. So hey, we want to move right along. Okay. We want to do like they do on a morning sure with those 15 minutes breaks and about then come back for two minutes and then go to an update and then do another 15 minutes break. Because we'd like to hold at least a little bit of the audience. Okay. We'd like to hold it. And everyone they ought to be holding the two because these statistics even George said even over sex. George said that this survey is very disturbing and astonishing about a third little bit under a third pretty close pretty much too close to a third event climax too early. And of course, we know we won't have any more statistics on here that those are all heterosexuals by the way because with us facts, you don't make no difference. But anyway, serious problem there is serious little problem. So let me tell you a speaking of problems about my experience. The way I dare mention it was Walgreens. I shouldn't do that because I like Walgreens a lot. So I won't mention that it was Walgreens over there at sunrise and Nav Hill. I won't see which one. So anyway, as you know, the story of my rash and the son going thing in the energy to add that and by the way, thanks to you with the lady in plantation. She's the best doctor of the mall. Thank you again sweetheart. She's the one who planted that in my mind and so what I went to doctor posk and the doctor posk, the acumen, the acumen clinic. And I mentioned about the lady calling about the Adelaide. And he said, yeah, those are all symptoms of allergies to Adelaide. He got me off of that and my pressure is great. Now, thank you sweetheart. That's for you. You're the best. But anyway, so the dermatologist, to give me some of this cream to shmir on my neck for this rash, it's only been a couple of months. I mean, you know, I'm a little impatient. And it is going away. It's going away. There's like maybe a, I would say 90 percent back in the abal park now. But there's a little bit of it left. So they said, my dermatologist, I saw him at the game on the eye. The hockey game. He said, keep shmir on that stuff on there. It'll go away. So I've been smirited on there, but they had only a few little samples they gave me. So they'd give me a prescription for a big bottle of this, whatever the hell it's called. Some kind of cream you shmir on there. Shmir cream. So I take the prescription yesterday on a way home from Mommy's house. I take the prescription to my Walgreens, where I buy all my prescriptions. And I spend thousands of dollars on prescriptions. They're every year by the way. I was one of their first best customers. See, it's interesting, you know, in the beginning when these stores first open because there's one in every street corner in Ecarid's of Walgreens, every street corner there's another one. And when they first open, you know, they, they ought to kiss the ground that any of us actually live close enough to go in there and patronize them to keep them and go in until they all get too busy. Because one thing in his town, you can ever have too many drug stores. You won't talk about, oh, exactly. Everybody's got prescription drugs. Everybody's wallstick, especially old farts. So anyway, this place is a zoo now. But at four o'clock, I go in there. I get a sense of the pharmacist. You know, I give them prescription, I said, I'll come back around six. Now, if it was a problem with that coming back around six, you should have said, well, you know, we're really backed up making around six, 30, he didn't look to me, no problem. Okay, it's in the computer, your name, you get all your stuff here fine. I go back to the store five minutes till six. I know, I'm always a little bit prematurely early, like, all these guys in the survey, a little bit prematurely early. Five to six, there's a couple of people standing on line three or four. And of course, they also have the drive through prescription, through out side. This is one of the worst things, one of the worst ideas, you people that go through the drive through to get your prescription still, then I've done it, that, you know, a couple of stores, shame on you. Because you don't really think that the stores like when you go to, like the George mentioned Burger King or McDonald's or Wendy's, the same people that are feeding the people inside and the taking care of your orders, are not the same ones that do in the orders at the drive through window. They have separate people taking care of that. Do they do that at the drug stores? No. No. However, many two or three people that they got working on six thousand prescriptions inside and waiting on the customers inside, those are the same ones that have to take care of the people driving up outside. What are you shaking your head about? That's the way it works, Mr. Dumbledon, it's insane. Well, that's insane, and that's why now, if you've got to go pick up prescription, tell me you're going to pick it up at seven and then you up like a 10 o'clock at night and they'll all start to work close. Seriously, and then maybe if you're lucky, they'll slide it out of the door. So anyway, I am weighted on finally. You know, I'm not the most patient person in the world to say the very best. And I'm weighted on by a, I don't want to, how do I say this delicately, okay? A young minority lady, let's leave it at that. Now, I understand that all you people in retail, you're all under a lot of pressure, EEO, PEO, whatever to help with this CEO, but EEO, if you're going to hire people that aren't really all that Swift, why not have them putting all the estate and their resupplies out there? You know, why not have them straighten them out the candy aisle? Why would you have because as I left there finally after this experience, I'm thinking to myself, if these are the kind of people that are working in the prescription department, how many people are really getting there right? You know what I'm saying? What was you mean about people getting there wrong for Scripher, and in the hospital I get it at the drugstore? So anyway, I tell her my name, my real name of course, which I do all my business under. And she starts looking through the bags, you know, under the bees, she starts looking in there. And then she looks at me again to spell that for me again. Okay? And I spell it for again, and she's poshking around and looking in. And now, of course, now she's also running over to the window of the drive through people, because she's got some of bitch out there that she's not finished taking care of out there. And now she's all, and of course, by the time she comes back, what was that again? How do you spell it? And this is the third time, okay? Now she goes over and looks fumbles through all of the stuff that's sitting on the counter that they've been putting the bins yet. You've seen that. And as she's looking and look at, and now the line is starting to get longer. There's a plantation pork right there. There's about a half a dozen people and others. Seven people. The line is getting longer and longer. And they got about two or three people fill in prescriptions behind there that are obviously just 8 million miles behind. They just can't catch up. She comes back. She looks in the bin again. She turns around and says to me, after she goes back to the drives you went over again to say, oh, well, look at her. And she comes back to me. Now what was that name again? What was the first name? This is the fourth time. And I'm not making this up. Okay? I've no reason to exaggerate. She did all around. And now she's looking to, you know, on the on the little bins that had the prescription bags in them, it'll say like BA, BE, you know, to get an idea. So you don't have to look through all of them. Now she's looking to like, be tea. Well, I guess what? There's no tea in my mind. She comes back again after dealing through all these bags, which is obviously not a near yet. And she's, she's got a little slip of paper at a pencil. And she says, what was that last name? How do you spell it again? This is the fifth time. And I said to her, I said, are we on candid camera? Where's the camera? I'm looking around. Or is this a joke? And I start spelling it for her and she writes down like, ZQX. I mean, not exactly that because letters that haven't been invented in my name yet. Now the prescription guy comes over. The guy that I had dropped it off with the pharmacist. And he says, oh, yeah, it's over there. It'll be a few minutes. I said, well, he says, you said six o'clock. I look at my watch. It's now a minute until six. Zayah, I'll leave you a minute. So I'm sitting there. Now the next woman, a middle age woman comes up. There she's been standing behind me while I was going on with the same girl waiting on her. And believe it or not, exactly. She must have spelled her name. 790,000 times. Given the first name, 2,184,000 times. And to be honest, we don't know where to choose. She even got this stuff. And then finally after going back and forth and the disc roll says there, well, do you know what the prescription was for? What the drug was? And she says, no. I'm going to tell you something. You folks in retail. If you want to keep hiring dumb people, you're going to lose business. It's all I can tell you. I'm talking dumb. I'm not saying that was necessarily her fault. It wasn't ready yet. But how many times can you ask a person the same God damn question before they finally just start screaming? I actually said that to our we on candid camera. Is this a joke? And she just looked into it with a straight face. She didn't know candid camera from her rectum. She didn't know what I was talking about. So it wasn't funny. It wasn't amusing. It wasn't sarcastic. It was like she was non-plus by it. Honey, I'm going to tell you something. Straighten out those candy aisle sweetheart. Get those envelopes and the paper were up heads. All straighten out there in the stationary. But stay out of the prescription department. People's lives depend on a crap. So, Riddian, dumb ass dirt. Was they in school? Don't go out on your own. Because there's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do it home. Search on around. But you won't see. See. It's home. With the G.E. When nothing's on par, the marvellous feelings of making butterflies stick to the ceiling, moked in the bathroom, making out in the home, or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodgeball. Yeah, I remember that. A throw of paperwaves with a fire alarm. Blow up the toilet with a cherry of fire. Dysack of frog in biology class. Find yourself a nerd. And what is he saying? What do you be here here in Kim is three? When you make a class, a batch of well-led geeks. Guard a food-fly. You milk out your nose. Or when you get a job. Or try to milk out your nose. Or when you make a school. Or anything else. Since day in schools. Well, if there's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do it home. So search out around. But you won't see. Let's see. With the G.E.E. Start on around. But you won't see. What did he do? Okay, it's 1046 and 560 WCM. Now see I'm one of the very few people who come on here and speak about like that experience I had a walk. Reins because most people are gonna offend somebody too bad you're offending me. It's my money I'm spending okay. I've spent a fortune that you want every god damn year when I go into a retail establishment or any place I'm gonna spend my money. I don't expect that it gonna be treated by some embassy who has gonna add any idea What they're doing and it's gonna keep me in there like 10 times longer than I should have been there in the first place Part of the problem with this whole thing has been with this EEO crap and that is if there are minority people who are really educated They're not gonna work those kind of jobs because they're put ahead of everybody else in like real jobs So when you go to your Wendy's or Burger King or into your Walgreens and I'm not saying always but very often unfortunately Some of the ethnic minorities not to spend you know a single anybody out well working in those places are more on Because they're working for minimum wage. You're next to it And so when you order your wap or with the fries and you drive away and you get 10 blocks up the road and realize you got a fish sandwich with onion rings You know that's part of the course Because you do in business with dumb people and Because McDonald's and Burger King and Wendy's they want to pay people minimum wage it like that bit said I gotta pay it 20 bucks an hour to flip hamburgers and just take burgers and fries in a goddamn bag And like I said before educated pig now why is it though that young white people not always but most of the time like high school kids That are working in those fast food joints. How come they seem to get to you order right? No, you're just being budget no seriously am I wrong about that? Did I just make that up because I'm a big it? I don't think so Well, I pull up to a fast food you and I don't care what Ethic dealer the person behind the counter is as long as they wash their hands once this week. I don't give a crap But what is the problem with that? You automatically know when you pull into some of those places and you see the people being in there that are like putting your stuff together All boy wow you didn't you know it and you're laughing, but you know it's a goddamn truth By the way, great It's not a postcard. It's a photo that somebody sent me run one of our panther fans in section 102 from all to Utah Took this on a resort a recent skitriver at all to Utah and here's a picture with a road sign And it's got two names with an arrow to the right each really and a second place is called glory hole You're looking for glory hole. So if you look at for glory holes, you'll find them in Utah That's why we're in smash likes it out there so much I mean am I action too much to go into a place and have somebody be able to know what they're doing and speak English and And know what I'm talking about and write down at the right name where I ask me 15 or 20 different times and then if it was just me I'd have said well, maybe she hated my guts, but then the next woman went through the same goddamn thing and the plantation pork Or obviously wanted to make the adonuts sale on the corner there. He just finally gave up and walked away Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, this for a lot of them. Okay, I say here's for a lot of them. Hey, yeah, yeah, oh Are you gonna say anything? Yeah, yeah, I want to go let's get with it. Okay, we're show They ain't just circle dynamite me. Yeah, yeah, it's something should be done about saving it this Michael All right, I talked about that yesterday. So nobody's interested. Okay. Get out of here bug off. That was a good call Open line and a braward all three and date. I guess the service in date must be real good because we're not getting calls about it from day five six It won't not getting calls about a period I'm the only one and of course all these that see this is nothing you've been conditioned Not saying that you ought to start a food fight in there or something or start throwing a fit and spancing out and falling on the floor But everybody else is like very melona And then you can see there's turned a dance from one foot to the other back and forth as they're waiting longer and longer But they're very obedient very quiet because I guess they want to survive They want to live and get their prescription and don't get arrested by the plantation pork of the sand in there But you're too passive man you're too easy on these bastards You're giving them their money or your insurance is given to somebody's given them money for you to get that stuff Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neah Are you okay, sir? So rough day You know I couldn't agree with you more about the pharmacy. You know my father told me many many years ago He said you know I put up with all kinds of crafts and and rig my role to make my money But I won't spend one ounce of crap Spend it. I won't take one out of it. Right. I couldn't agree more than it's unbelievable I mean we're talking about people so stupid that and like when I dropped the thing off there Did just forgetting about this girl when you dropped something off at the drop-off thing and I can come back It's six and seven. I mean you know I will until I close it that makes no difference to me Why not say we're really backed up? Why not make it six thirty or seven o'clock is that okay? And that's fine You know no problem don't tell me okay, and then I come back and sit around for fifty or twenty minutes and watch this Borderlack going on there. I couldn't agree more I got I got a very simple last name is four letters and they have to ask me three four times It's just unbelievable. It's just astonishing you really you really do believe there's got to be hidden camera somewhere in there Pulling your leg And I've been in the same pharmacy for at least I'm gonna say seven years and they still have to ask me It's for my name sir. I've been in this pharmacy since the day they opened a couple years ago Whatever it's been two or three years since the day they opened I started to allow my prescriptions there I've spent thousands of dollars in there and of course, you know when you have the changing we just have a pharmacist in there I knew real well. It was a listener and it went and he was he was an older guy and every time I go and he knew me You know if you go into a place where they know you then they chances there's a problem are much less But when they're changing they help you know when it's that revolving door and every five minutes is somebody new in there Forget it. Yeah, no, it's a thing. Good luck to tell you to look to us We'll put line Broward to and date 56705 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line Here's a mobile and hi-lea hello. I'm all of your nail you're holding for him. You're speaking to him. Oh, I nail. Yes, sir You go into the For sure to the pharmacy and you tell the clerk Which you exactly want as far as your RX We feel you could back six hours later And they don't have it they said well we never we never got it It doesn't make I've had that happen. Yeah, we don't have anything to refill your prescription Well, I gave it to you six hours. I've had a doctor call out a prescription I show up there with a joint and I get there and they say oh, we have no record of it and then like the next day I'll get a phone call all we found it used to want it. Yeah, right incredible We found it and of course when you when you look at the way they do the stuff behind the county You see all these all these RX slips You know all these the pages and they've got them all over the place and smear it all over the Address there. It's a miracle again anybody stuff right right I wonder how many people are killing themselves right now taking crap that wasn't there prescription in the first place incredible They don't have some good news for you. Yes, sir. I was able to sit down and actually eat a half pint I Have tried it. You're still in the minor league spirit better get with the practice makes perfect Eat all the stuff that I can't eat now like I said hammer the Humper is lost 30 pounds. I've lost 13 43 pounds between it We're doing it Not by choice because it's called staying alive. I think it's what it's all about that's what the BG said Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello Hey, no, yes, sir. Have you ever been to a drive through down in Miami This is the satisfaction of man Okay, so people that that's your much more pleasant poor job They want to help you How's it both the ones here and now for Lara, which which you get a bunch of African or whatever African yeah, yeah, that is bad. It's always different and that's true. I would agree with that And also in the reason and the reason being that the people unfortunately I mean just the fact of life that people in the Hispanic parts of the community have a much better education Including the young people and then when you go and allow these Other parts of town that the young people that are working behind there for minimum wage you do not be too bright many cases In many cases in most be a lot Be money. We've finished people pick pride in their job and that's why we sure that's why we need more Asians down here Have you ever encountered a dumb Chinese guy or a girlfriend never never in my life Have I encountered a dumb Asian? I'm sure that because there's so many of them and they reproduce like rabbits for a long time There I'm sure that there's got to be some dumb lower Asians But I've never encountered one anywhere in a restaurant or anywhere They're smart. They got to bring in the use it. Okay. God bless you, sir. And stick around a little Havana mentioned my name then you'll see bad service We have an open line in Broward five six seven. Oh five sixty. I mean I realize this sounds, you know You're not supposed to say these things too bad Too bad you people and I know you're under a lot of pressure You got to hire this and then the government comes in it. That's what's wrong with that That's what's wrong with that whole concept affirmative action Quoters all this bull crap. Thank God we're finally getting away from that garbage should never start it in the first place You can't make up for 100 years of discrimination by now discriminating against people that got a brain you can't do that It's people in education and let them go out there and compete. You know like on an even keel But people who are uneducated, you know trying to try to fake their way through taking somebody else's job I don't buy that. I don't care what kind of job it is whether they're on TV doing a TV news person or whether they're worth a flop on hamburgers in McDonald's I mean, is that a difficult job and of course it also entails you know making change Even at the drive through you got to feel the change Thank God for those new registers by the way that show you You know it's all digital it's all electronic here's the amount of change you got to give back What would these people do today? I don't want to sign like an old-fuddy-duty But I used to work my father's store in retail okay for a long time and You know we didn't have any of that crap or it shows you how much change to give You learned to make change Whether it was in the supermarket or any kind of a retail you learned to make change for a $20 bill or whatever it was But now if they if you went to your supermarket and they didn't have the the digital thing There's a readout that shows how much change you get for whatever ability this game There are a lot of it you'd still be standing there from like last week Let's see and then of course if you give them like if it's an automotive change you give them like a nickel or you know what I'm saying Oh, oh Don't be messing with me now man Oh the swing Not your average On the swing I like my job Before place where the actual sellers stop Oh I'm on the use of dress On the swing Watch your way to be Be my brother Everybody more houses When I go to the school But that's not the only thing I like to post I would shoot it because my kind of man and I go back Okay, oh, I don't you give in hit And you're late. Where's free? I forget so I want to hold you away and make everyone into community safe I'm a swing I take the swing there is home I'm a swing there I'm a swing there I'm a can't for my own I'm a pleasurable use with the great big curve goes Just remember can't Jenny is the interest ice it's a lemme know three of five sixty w q a n Here's a mobile in Orlando hello There you go. Yes sir I know my friend great listen How about Boston chicken what was the last time you ever ate there? Just before they closed You want to talk about the thing? Just before they went out of business out by the assault grants You know why they went out of business Yeah, they had fed in the newspaper Said for all more ons please reply I've never in my life have seen anything like that in my life Yeah They are the stupidest But you know I try telling the manager that one time and of course they give you a look like Well, yeah, you know I just don't know what to say I'm just a pathetic you go in there and they had it First of all it was the setup in Boston chicken was a place where it was hard to figure out the whole deal anyway You know with the side dishes and with the action with that And so if the customer couldn't figure it out how could some of those stupid kids be on a counterfigure without Right, well, if they would have been serving collard greens and triplands I think they would have done a lot better in there Yeah So anyway, yeah I've got a big goosebag for my friends and kids in the world Okay, or for you too Okay, Chitland's a great deal You're what he's trying to say you get the drip Okay, we have an open line It will tend to be a little clean a ship there in Orlando I'm not saying that all dumb kids that work in these joints are black I have too many of them unfortunately There are some dumb white kids and dumb Hispanic kids No dumb Asian kids though See that's the problem Let's take a lot of the people at our area Now the kid passed the test in other words if their IQ is smaller than their thumbnails So I let's turn it up to Vancouver with a juvenile ski, okay? They got to that's far enough away then they can't find their way back And let's bring in like busloads and busloads of Asian people Any so called multi-ethnic community that doesn't have like hundreds of thousands of Asian people Is not a multi-ethnic community This is a banana board place We could use a Chinatown somewhere Right, whoever heard of a major city that doesn't have a Chinatown Whoever heard of that Toronto they got two Chinatowns Not here Here we got banana boat town And we got Dumbo town And then we got the over town Not that's bad that would be bad Here's it, well just fit in there Here's North Miami, hello Hey Neil, yes sir Yeah, I live in the Northeast North Miami They have 42 years of my whole life This used to be a really good town Yes sir, I know the neighborhood has changed I know the right old by key stone points The public's over there on 127th street in the Boulevard I worked there as a kid as a bag boy And back then you did your job and you didn't talk I glow there now And the cashiers are bantering back Up north of that's right Walk it over here And I look at the manager and I'll go on like What's the deal? Why is this going on? And I jump in our faces and say hey That's a year on my time Right Get back in those groceries and get the phone number Later You know it's a bunch of crap Let's say they go to fast food I'm eating it train monkey How can you screw up an order of this? You didn't say train monkey I'm sorry Okay, yeah, you're talking with the cash register Could you imagine if they didn't have the technology they have now? I mean You'd be in there till midnight If you'd never get a food Then you get your food wrong I never go to the fast food stuff My ex-wife used to take the kids all the time I mean nine out of ten times She'd come home And the order would be screwed up But I mean I blame management That they don't really get on their case Right, you're right They're not paying any attention They're walking around in the ozone I mean they went last two minutes with me They would say whatever I'm going to tell you when they don't even say thank you When they get to the change and when they just slap it in your hand And they look through the other way To continue their conversation with Bozo Down at the end of the counter You know that you're in a place where they just don't give a crap about you And imagine if it blows They wouldn't have a clue how to make money I worked all my life over to Beach and Dal Harbor I worked the Boundal Route around to see you You know tell me tell you something You gotta know how to make money You gotta treat people right Right, you know These people they had to make a living That's actually a business that they'd start That's for sure Yeah, I hate to break the news to some of these managers But there's a lot of supermarket There's a lot of drug stores And there's a lot of you know What ever kind of business you're in There's plenty of money in the all over the place Listen there's one thing I want to touch I was reading a very jackass Even if you're a proctologist There's plenty of asshole doctor I'm reading a very jackass with colom I think sunday or Saturday And he's on about the forest And what a great 15 minutes that cackle fest is And the first 15 minutes of that cackle fest On Saturday morning I'm going what is he talking about Are you serious? I'm serious Yeah, the first 15 minutes of the cackle fest On Saturday morning is some of the greatest sports roundtable around And I go What? That show isn't even a sports show He can't get any of his trade-out deals That part of his deal here They have the same scan going on an IOD And they made it part of the deal But he came over here Is that just a Schmierfest Or a default to get a lot of trade stuff That's why he's working a six-day Can we tell us something I mean I don't get the one you expect to get from very jackass Very jackass going to ten anything About what the ratings are on this station But what really is popular He's not going to do that We're standing at that hank No, of course not Because he says we've heard the truth about him He's a jackass All right buddy Have a great day Oh yeah that I'm going to have to start getting up early And listen to the first 15 minutes of that cackle fest And Saturday morning I must be missing out Remember missing out? No, must be Open line of day 560 and pound 560 on the AT&T While the slime got hank from Schuillist today To a clock bookstore It's just eight o'clock to pre-game Panthers at Dallas Why that could be really ugly Eight thirty tonight Four o'clock And if we all stick together Management will recognize our demands And a better workplace can be enjoyed by all She is Sally and never seen you like this before You have to sit on the corner and hardly say a word You seem real comfortable Did you get yourself a pair of those new bearers and senderware I know for me when I'm wearing a panys that ride up on a bitch all day And with bearers and serpereals like you're not wearing any panys at all I weigh a lunch set better and got the new bearer bought in panic All they are is a couple of last-to-shops that make it look like you're wearing panys Actually I'm not wearing panys at all Just before coming to the new meeting I listed that my shirt and bought in the accounting He swam me on the cotton machine I feel great Bear bottom panys from Bear essence They feel like you're wearing nothing at all Because you aren't wearing anything at all It's not supposed to be in the fine Since you've been here, can you probably go to a convenience store I don't want to start doing this whole ethnic thing here today Do I? No, of course not Do I? But I mean you go to a convenience store and it's one of those laundry heads as a pack of say they're always very intelligent very friendly They don't maybe speak the best English. They may say may I be helping you please like that for the parliament lights But nevertheless Right, they know how to make change They got an IQ bigger than their toenail size I think that if you're going to like work with a public you want to have like a minimum education You ought to be able to spell crap or at least take one Which speaking of that I think maybe I better before what's in the into with that food Huh? We love the pizza law, but I'm going to tell you if you like a great meal that will also clean out your innards It'll make you sh** pizza law fit never fails never fails. It's not a miracle They don't have like a special time. They're not early bird like maybe I don't know some dead time like 230 the 330 Or they bring all the old parts in there have a little glass with the fizzing stuff on the table Because what that would do for this town Open up new avenues for them. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, no yes sir I'm finnier listening to you and I'm wondering what are you there against black people man? I don't have anything against black people. I have something against the people that are stupid and can't wait on me You play there every day. Why think every day you seem to find some way to be great black people Or someone who is I invented this story that happened last night. I went into Walgreens and I just said okay, give me a bunch of crafts on talk. Maybe I just made it up I'm fan and I make it up single day. Yeah, find some way to be in a great party. It is such as what Every single day. I'm going to give you an example such as what well as always your little stick that to do with the all black people talk like blah blah blah And all that crap. Well, when did I say that? I said that. I listen to you show every day. Yes, and why why why do you listen every day? Because you're funny. Oh, that's what I did. I say all my people talk like blah blah that whatever you want. If you would listen to you show you with somebody I don't have to listen to the show. I'm doing the show. I know what I say. I could give you a hint. Why why young black people deal with people like you. Yeah, so they're sick of it and they fit the little bastards like yourself. Uh-huh That's it. There's sick a little bastards like me. Well, how about the lit. Oh, and click there you go. How about the lady that's following me. There must be sick and tear to hurt too because she was doing the same dumb routine with that lady In fact, the routine she did with that woman was worse than them all with my she must ask her 82 times what her name was And then the first name in the last name and look at in the computer and still couldn't get it right that was something that will not still be standing there in a store waiting for that prescription But sir, you're one of those people listen every day because I'm funny, but as soon as I say something that ruffles for your feathers why don't you disagree with what I said Why don't you tell me that what I said is wrong I don't have anything against black people. I have something against stupidity and when I go to spend my money somewhere I am a killer that their black or white or speaker what they I don't care. I don't ask them their religion. I don't care. I just want these in service And the fact of the matter is that you go into certain places Depending on where it is and what the management's all about and they don't give a crap There are two stupid of it just two indifferent and unfortunately a two large proportion of those people are young black people Well we're working for a minimum wage Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Mr. Neil yes sir. Yes a couple of quick things. Okay. My name is Tom Brown. Can you repeat that Tom Brown. I go to the accurate. What do you mean can I repeat it? What does that mean? Well obviously so I go to the records my name. I'm picking up Tom Brown. Yeah 30 minutes later. How do you tell me? Yeah B R Yeah W and 30 minutes later. We don't have anything under bronze. Right. I said okay. Let's do this again B R W W W W W You know on and on and on until I try to keep calm because I'm just hurting myself as I get upset now go to the bank Cash the potting a big check for a major restaurant in Miami. Okay. The lady Jamaican looks at the check and said What's the endorsement says who do this? Yeah What do you mean who do this? Yeah the guy that owns the restaurant through them. Yeah who do this? Yeah who do this? Who do this? Who do this? Who do this? Who do it? Who do go do it? Well maybe it was Voodoo she said maybe Voodoo I don't know not who do and and it talked about the relationship They're beginning to really I always try to look for the style on the top of their forehead because maybe the lobotomy you know yeah And the last thing is anybody else or is that what does Indian do with that little thing at a time? I know I know what that is. I know where that is. Yeah The last thing does anybody else put me would talk about morons in the grocery store It's a graphic and you know what I do? I can't help any decisions Okay Tom come down call call get something good Tom some help. He's losing it. We have an open line of day one in Broward 5671560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Of course that's one of my favorite things is when you got like eight items at the express checkout at the supermarket and they give you six banks Why do they do that? I mean we're realized that those real extra thin flimsy plastic bags that must cost them about a hundred of a set of piece But why do they do that? Does it doesn't make like they're giving you more for the money when it's eight items it's like 24 bucks and they use six or seven bags. I hate that But hey See your your company you're whining again. You're complaining life is great. We're just telling us that yesterday life is great But it could be better if people you know know what how they were doing Here's a mobile in Boker hello. Yes sir I think the problem with the problem. What is the problem? It's it's more their attitude. I mean stupidity you can overlook if someone has the attitude that they're really trying to do the job and they're trying to work to the peak of their ability No, I'm like this episode last night. I don't think it anything to do with their attitude I think she was just it was just beyond her ability to deal with it. She just couldn't do it Well, I think she was given it her a hundred percent and it was this. She was about 50 percent sure Well, and she must have been a moron because I mean to ask the name time and again I just ran over and I mean she kept coming back to me and I'm like look and and I'm looking around and these other people are all looking straight ahead Like you know, they don't hear this going on until of course it's their turn and they had the same thing happen to them Yeah, because and then the jackass that called me for my dark-complexed friend Let me tell you if if long-range the one my business all they got to do when I go in there and say hey guess what does we don't want your business go take it someplace else Yeah, well the attitude of the pharmacist there's a bigger queen than I am but anyway go ahead Oh, the attitude I think filters down is like you say you talk to the manager and I want that one here about it I mean they don't understand the importance of first impressions you drive up to a fast food place In fact, they're talking in another language. I'm always marvel at can I decipher what they say they should come on and say can I take your order instead of some spiel that God knows what they're saying And then they're trying to pedal you something. I think I'll talk about bell statements for that You want to try some of the treat burrito and you can't understand the damn thing they're saying and if I wanted to try them it's right the picture of all the stuff is right on the thing I'm sitting next to out there on the menu if I wanted I would order it Yes, well, I have no idea what they say I just say no and then I give them my water and I hope that I get it right but I think they get the people who are the most unintelligible To be on the little speaker thing so that it's absolutely impossible to get what you want They've always got to go to skew so that when you drive a mile up the road and you start opening up the bag and it's the opposite of whatever you ordered and there's nothing in there that you really wanted well You know, we just didn't the new didn't communicate. This was the class of class. I'm bad did that I ordered my two for two I take off. I look in the bag. There's two things. I get the where I'm going. I opened it up. I got two potato cakes So I go back I said I ordered two sausage McMuffins. Yeah, let's go five six times. She talks to me and talks to me and talks to me. I I keep saying what did you say what did you check in understand her following I figure out she says we're not so good lunch breakfast anymore Oh my god I was able to roll off. It was just like well, okay, give me two for two of the I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm there's a long the bag I'm posting ran out. That's what I would just keep it in the drop dead I I find the biggest problem with the black people is their attitude and I think if they have a lot of money I'm going to shut up again. Don't say with the black people some don't say black black people These don't know. It's the ones with the attitude right and it's usually the same ones the ones that are the dumb ones also have the crappy attitudes So that they you know nobody has trained them that you've got a job here and even though you have been paid a lot of money You're still getting paid for it and it's your job to pretend at least that you're interested in the customer Nobody bothered telling them that love these joints. Exactly. Although I don't want to mention when Dixie there I'm Brian Boulevard. Okay, I have a great day. Thank you But I will anyway Boy, you talk about a store and you only read like I've told you this before. Well, why do you keep going? I love my public spot of saw grants But there are times you know how it is in life There are times when you know you're short on time and you happen to be in a certain area like to get my mail And it just convenient for me to go in there get a couple of items and every time it's the same song at a dance They're talking to each other. They don't care about the customers They slap the change the bills the coins in your hand. They don't bother with animal care. You don't have to count it out. Whatever it is It is okay. It's computerized. It shows the amount. Maybe they can count But they're talking to a jackball there at the end of the counter and he's like he's he's begging your groceries But he's not looking in the bag. He's fleeing them in the bag because he's up looking at her and they're like, you know, winking and blinking and Well, you know, stop I'm looking at you. Don't you understand? It's not like you're doing this behind my back. Which I don't care what you do But I'm looking at you. You're supposed to be waiting on me here. There's no thank you There's no FU. There's no nothing Man, how long would pony tailor be in business if you had service like that since he's in there with our lunch now? Wouldn't be in business for ten minutes What is that? What are you laughing about? Just an image. An image of what? Well, he started with the sex stuff again. Okay. Believe me. The numbers on his sex survey would have been a lot different if they would have had Jeff Cohen on it Like of interest in sex No, can't it? No, you're right now dysfunction. No climax to early. Yeah. Oh, well, that's always busy. He's going to line up. Here's the North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, let me think and find dining. How do you rate the the a lot longer? Sir, what are you talking about? What's fine? Where did that come from? In the middle of a fine dining? What are we talking about? Well, we're talking about a fine dining restaurant. Yeah, right. No one's not fine dining. We're not talking about fine dining restaurants. What are you talking about, sir? Sir? Well, we're not talking about. I've never been in law. I don't even know what that is. Is that a Cuban restaurant? It's a restaurant. No way. It has the American food. Yeah. Why don't we wait? Why don't we wait? Why don't we wait because I've never been there? Oh, you never been there. Okay. Okay. Let me answer another question. We've been at the Embo coast. We were very disappointed. Well, you know what? Too bad. Okay. If your taste isn't your touch. I'm not disappointed. It's a great place. Here's a rating fine gourmet restaurants. A lot of Paloma. I don't even know what that light is. Isn't that a Cuban restaurant? Lot of Paloma? Yeah. Yeah. The police tells us yes it is. Why the hell would I mean a Cuban restaurant? Go eat your black beans and rice and leave the good stuff at the Embo coast of those of us with some taste. Okay, sir. You retarred. That's not Cuban. What is it? Old fashion, continental. Old fashion, continental fine dining. Where is it? This came Boulevard and North Miami Beach. This came Boulevard and North Miami Beach. North Miami. I'm going to go eat North Miami Beach. Oh, well, yeah. The Embo coast is one up there. Awesome. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. Just like one guy is now. Where the longest work trip and far's mad ran. So very long ago. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. With every force you've tied I would ride. Take your days, be very and dry. And make a white neighbor to you. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. Who is this? Who is this? You're trying to get hooked up with the Marci. At Memorial East Hospital. You have colonns got the hot spring. That's gorgeous. I fell in love in the elevator. I think that thing has cleared up in the last couple of months. They got some good strong antibiotics. That's not true. Never had a problem. But she's beautiful from London. Exactly. It looks like she works out. You're obviously not on this survey. About lack of interest in sex. No. Is there any sides making this move? I'm not involved in it anyway. My personal love is my restaurant. Service quality. That's you have to take care of business first. My second love is Marci. Who haven't met yet. There you go, Marci. He's hung like a moose. He says, OK, Jeff, you're not here. There's Jeff Cohen from the World Famous Pizza Law. By the way, he says the only reason that he's under was that he's working because he's just a free. Because they suck up pretty food over there. But he never gets any response from them, which is why he won't advertise over there. Sorry about that, bro. Sorry about that, Rhona. Sorry about that, Petty Bird. See, that guy that called before. And I know he's just trying to stir up a lot of crap. Why do I go out of my way to rip black black people? That's a bunch of bull crap. I said, yes, today, which he doesn't notice by the way. I said, just yesterday, some of my favorite listeners out of black people. They're because they got a sense of humor. They don't take this personal. And they know and they know and you know something when a black person goes into a drug store or a supermarket. They want to get weighed in on two. They want these in service. What? See, the food arrives and now we're having a party in there. I don't mind sharing the food and George is going to like that. Why? Are they starting up a just Brian? Yeah, just Brian, a sale. So by the way, how's Scott Schwarze doing? I won't see him no more. He's hanging out with the exterminator. Oh, don't say exterminate. How's the one guy out there doing? I don't want to mention no names on here. Trying to get that 18 grand they own from upstairs. Oh, sorry. I don't want to mention that on here. Seriously, I could write a book about this place. So scandalous. What they do to people here. This is subhuman. And other than Roy. How many black folks we got working here? Do we have any other black people working in this place? Besides Roy. Do we? Lenny. He's not black. He's a spick. He's both. He's not black. He's not black. Black, a spick is not a black. He's not an african American. Which doesn't really exist. But I mean, as they say for like a E.O. purposes, Does he count? I think he has the Chuck two boxes. And who shows him where to do it? Who points it out? Here's Miami. Hello. New. Yes sir. Mariko Linta. Okay. That's how jobs are great. Una pinga. What? What do you laugh at about? Una pinga pecquenita. No pecquenita is the pingi. How you say that? Pecquenita. Pecquenito? No that's that. That's not stuck pick it on. And we can't hear where you got that bad review in the paper yesterday. That's why Lila, a cobalt handlandoma can decay by the way, because he's got a small penis and he's proud of it. And we talked about it on the year. That's why she said, you know, I mean, she didn't ripen that bat. She said he's no Luis Miguel. Well, so who the hell is? Who is Luis Miguel? Lila, Lila, whatever your name is. What do you got? Sweetheart. She's got probably got two raised in it. So what's somebody's people don't understand is life is more than just two big, beautiful firm breast. Or medium size rock hard penis. Life is more than that. No, Jeff Cohen says no. Well, how about great food at the pizza law, huh? Unless you make it a money over there, you can't, well, I'm not going to go into it. Here's Naples, hello. Yes, sir. This is Joe Naples. Yes. I just wanted to call it that lady that was defending Tennessee yesterday. Oh, my God. The family got indefensible. I mean, have you ever driven to that horrible place? I've lived there for a month. I lived in Nashville for one month. I was in the 1990 years ago when I ran out of there. How to get over it antibiotics? Yes. Anyway, I'm still, that's why I got this rash. There's a legal question that they're still trying to figure out in Tennessee. And that is, if you divorce your wife in Tennessee, if she's still your sister. Uh-huh. That's right. Oh, I got the same deal. Yeah. Thanks. I have a great day. Now you're right. She was off her feet a little bit. Maybe she's under the weather. It's going around. Oh, you're sure wrong about Tennessee. They're not born in Tennessee. They're not the conventional way they're hatched from under an egg. In the caves there, like Andy Jackson's, whatever those cabins are, they hatch him in eggs. Do you go like Crocodile eggs? That's why when they open up their mouth, it usually is a crock. Here's Miami, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Great. I remember that when you left for Tennessee and then when you were going back, they used to have those drop-ins when you just used to say, Neil Rogers, remember? No. You don't remember? Not that long. I remember when I had for lunch yesterday. Well, yeah. I just call you a couple of things that the few colors are said in the before me. I'm going to be meeting you for a call you since last week when you touched on this subject. About the service? Yes. Well, that color said about the managers. Yeah, my way I exist always complaining because just one of it goes out shopping mostly. And I try to explain to her, you know, when you, that's all you have to choose from down here, you know. I don't know if I make myself that quality of pizza. It's like a gym period. It's like dumb and dumber. Right. You know, who who and does? What kind of a gene pool they got to pick from? You know, who's going to apply for those those men and women who wait for us? You know, so, but let me ask you this. How come I can go like in my publics at sawgrass? That's a great store. The kids that work there are all bright. They all get in the weather. They're white or black or whatever. They are. They all treat you nice. They are courteous. They go give you good service. They got an IQ bigger than their toenail. Why is that? This because they got good management because they hire, they don't hire morons there that can't wait on people. Baby because around that area, they have for the, you know, a bigger selection to pick from if I make myself. Right. You know, I mean, but when you, That's right. When you go in my neighborhood, that's right. You got brilliant articulate people. Exactly. When you live like an higher leo, my amy. Then you got a bunch of romanticoni. You know, who, you know, they don't fill those jobs with those people. They're going to be like that. You know, with that. My deconation is stupid. And, and, like, what you just said is right, you know, I mean, you feel, when you all there, do you pay, you know, you feel like you're intruding on their life. Yeah. You know, it's like you're, Wanting to get my grammar right. Yeah. And, you know, it's like, why, you know, why you're bothering me like, by coming here to shop here. Right. I hate that. You know, I hate that. Like you're intruding on their conversation. And it's just astonishingly, you're looking at them. They're doing this right. It's not like they're, I said before, like they're doing it in the back room somewhere. But you're like going through their handing them your money. It's a business transaction. And, pop up. And you're listening to conversation because you have no choice. Right. It's unbelievable. It goes to show you that whoever is running that joint needs to be fired immediately, is not sooner. And usually, you, the ones that have to say good morning. And thank you. And, you know, have an idea. And all that. Right. I said of the other way around. And, but with that, the guy said about, you know, stupidity, what you said is, and it's, you know, a white type of second, what do you say? You know, I mean, I don't mind a stupid person, as long as he's trying. Right. As long as they're making some of that effort in their abel, I'm making the effort to do something the positive. Exactly. And, you know, like you have coincid, it's in the genes and believe in it. You should know. And then the black gentleman that called before, yes. I said that you pick on blacks. I guess he doesn't listen to you when you say, you, you know, you see, African people from Africa, not African American. Right. He only hears selectively. I can go on here at a great length about all our great black listeners. He don't hear that stuff. He only hears the stuff that he wants to be offended by. Because he's, you know, you've got a big chip on one shoulder and a, we get a blast around the other. And have a great day, sir. Thank you, sir. Every bit or two. So what do we learn today, huh? Muddy cone. We learned that. We have an open line in date. 5 6 7 0 5 16. I see you went light on the sauce today. If you would have been listening to the show, which you're supposed to be Mr. Cohen, since we're trying to make dates for you here on a year, you wouldn't only want a little more sauce. Because tomato sauce, the lowest cancer risk were not eating lunch that they were fighting cancer. Oh, doing. Puts. New. Yaaah. We're like, no, my sister. Oh, my leg. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Will my daddy is my uncle, Joe Mothers, my dear and flowed. We didn't very late to sleep. My foot's got the miss me. Joe, you know, Joe, you're just pointing out something interesting. And just in joke, it's only a joke. Oh, man. John. Actually, I think it was Jeff Hyde that made the point. Oh, God. This place, this place, if you only knew folks, all the bozos running around is doing. What is that? Boy, your job is in Wisconsin. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I used to listen to all the time down there and all I got my computer hooked up. Oh, my little, moved out of that crap time. Well, congratulations. Yeah. I think I have some cheese stuck in my throat. Yeah, I know. I'll be the last person I speak to, sir. I'm choking on it. I know. We only wear the chin on our heads to 16 weeks out of the year. Right. Yeah. Hey, I just wanted to know. What do you think of what is that? Stinky, thank you. I mean, pinky, winky. That's sneaky. Finger. Yeah. Thank you. Winky. Yep. Yeah. Hello, Neil. Yes? Okay. Okay. Thank you. There you go. In Wisconsin. And he's cutting off in this place. Wow. That's fantastic. Stinky, fingers. I like to drink a place in music. Come on. I've been playing music for me to take a drink. Boy. Yeah, Jeff Cohen, I think, trying to kill me. A little piece of cheese went down the wrong tube. We have it open line in Dave. He's really sick. He is one perverted bastard. Open line in Dave County, 560 and Pong 560. Since he started messing around with those, the animal butt plugs or whatever those things were those little pencil thin ones. Never been the same. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Uncle Neil. Yes. The BFOs are out in hand this morning. I'm driving to work. Neil. They got the sting for the nose. He felt, man. That's the thing. They had the detective on the corner. How can they do that? I saw about well, I'm ready to mention that. There's a stupid idiotic editor of the SunCentless morning, which may be inspired them about how they have to change the law and how they have to take the exception out of there that they have to pull you over for something else. There's a detective on the corner and two blocks on the road. There's about 15 or 20 BFOs. The detective just standing there at the light. Reading off whoever's not wearing your seatbelt and they're pulling them off. Right. Then take this right down the way. How can they do that? I have no idea, but they're doing it. I thought they changed the law. I don't know. They didn't actually use the law. What the hell was this morning? The BFO run on the Bayley Road in Rock Island. I'll clear my signal. Yeah, bad news. Alright, God bless you, God. You have seatbelt law, primary important stuff. Save lives. Another dumb editor of the SunCentless. See, I mean, it's so stupid just on the face of it. The problem with driving it is down isn't who's wearing seatbelt and who's not. It's that everybody gets a license. There's no real inspection in this state. There's bald tires. There's no brakes. There's no headlights. No tail lights. There's illegal aliens with no driver's license with no insurance. I mean, everybody knows what the real problem is. But see, that would take a real serious effort by the state to a correct. To give people like a real driving test and get the bulls those off the road and make it really safe. But instead of that, let's write some more tickets. There you go. Jesus Christ. These vases is the SunCentless man. I guess they would love this to be a police state. I'm waiting for the editorial to come out praising the cops for the adult, the slinger clubs being shut down. Come on. Let's get those out too. Nobody had the editorial's crazy. Crack down by Ken Jenny on the accrueships on those illegal horrible gambling ships, which are still legal by the way. And it was all a bunch of crap. And they had to give the guy the enslaw machine's back and look like a bunch of fools doing it. But just like the, that the mursin. I got it over here somewhere. Still have it. So glad I saved the acidity for posterity. Earl Locker. The editor of the SunCentless. We believe that non-gammlers are interested in points spreads as much as those who make bets. He says sports fans want to know who the professional odds makers are favoring. Even our own sports knaffers predict who will win key matchups every week. I mean, to try to defend putting in those odds and taking all those ads for those cruise ships and then bashing them on your editorial pages. In other words, no matter how grotesque you think of this with the community and no matter how many page pages to add you got with your virtual monopoly you got up there. There's just not, there's nobody's ever been invented. You won't take their money, but they're evil and it's bad. And let's close them down and harass their hell out of them. God. Talk about a bunch of idiots. One is the editorial coming out about what the real problems are on the roads in this town. That we all face every day. You jack bombs at the SunCentless. You morons. You asshole. You idiots. Oh yeah, don't seek, fellas. Let's start looking inside the car and if you got the wrong hand on the steering, we're let's take care of that too. There's another ticket for you. Here's sunrise. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I'll go sleep with him. Really, guys. Thanks for that. I know I'm on the kitty. I got an innocent. I got a problem in town. I got a question to ask you about diets. I think I should be very, uh, Saudi. I've really talked about the ethical. My wife came home about six weeks ago with this male clinic diet, and I've been on the ever since. What is it? It's a male clinic diet and, uh, it's a half a day fruit, two eggs, any style and two slices of bacon. Yeah, that thing is older than the hills that may have died. Yeah, right. And I've been on the homework. It works. Yeah. If you want to starve to that, it'll work. Yeah, but how long does it take, uh, for to stop, when I say stop working, I mean, it slows down. Well, well, how long does what take? I'm not on the meal diet. Once you ask her. No, I just treat how long it takes for it to slow down. And if it's worthwhile staying on. I love it. Let me see it again. I don't know. How do I, how why are you asking? I feel like you are similar to the ethical diet. No, it's not a great fruit. You can't have no grapefruit on the ethical diet. It's on carbohydrates. Right. So it's just about the same diet. Okay. Go on by the ethical. Tell your wife could like to you, honey, and go get the ethical through yourself a big favor. Hank Goldberg lost 30 pounds. And now he's doing it. I can't say that a couple of weeks ago. He should be giving you credit for saving his life. Huh? Didn't I do any acting, I believe? Uh-huh. And I am again because I got no choice. But you know something if you just stick with it. You know, if you just stick with the doctor long enough, that's what the other doctor said. All the other doctors said you don't need me. And you know what he was right. Good guy, but I don't need him. I mean, what kind of a thing is that to say, you know? You go to a practitioner. You make an appointment. You walk in the door. They look at you. They talk for like 30 cents. Ah, you don't need me. Go home. Okay. Pay the bill first. Go home. But anyway, Dr. Puskua up. Puskua, Nyaq. He knows this stuff. But I think he's going to clean it. You just got to stick by me. A little patient. Okay. After the first eight or nine, ten weeks, you start getting a little bit impatient. But this two shall pass. Like lunch. Here's a lady mobile in the hell and they'll. Hello. Hi. I'm Charlie. A little more story about a black teacher at my house in school with you. He asked her to call a parent because the child wasn't doing well. This is what the thing to said. He have a book. Well, if that's the way. What does it he have a book? In J. V. He have a book. Now, you sure he didn't say he'd be having a book? No. If he have a book, that's become a family classic. Whenever we think of a brain that we say he have a book for him. Well, yeah. Let me ask you. Do he have a book? Who knows. I will set up a book and a job. I'll cut that cut. You know, cut. It's about that. You're going to cut $15 per capita. That's what we're going to have. But if he does that, then he do not. We have no book. We do not. We have no book. We don't have a no future kid. That's right. With education. Okay. Have a great deal with us. We do. Bye. Sam. Say how to sunny Rosenberg. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got to get the edge of the priority back on education. I told you that yesterday. Get it back on education. Get a brain. Get some smarts. Not just be a smart ass. That's just be a dummy. If your parents are illiterate. Run away from home. Go hang out with some people who can speak. Here's Hi, Lee. Hello. You got our father who worked in heaven. How will be that name? Yeah. Good. Sir, I have a statement. It's me. The 595 guy. The one made him 595. How are you sir? Okay. A lot more some dude today. You are? No, I said you are. You sound much more some dude. I'm sorry. You're the one I just about. In fact, now I know my wrist has been aching. It's from that handshake three months ago. I know. Yeah, I got a bad rare. I got a limper than usual wrist from you. I finally broke my wrist. That was back in December, Neil. Oh, he was shaking it. Listen. I'm in too. I wanted to comment with you about the prescriptions and the pharmacies of mixed-ups. Yes. But I'm mostly going to mix up my grandfathers prescription with their Miami Beach and the the give like procedure pills which you don't have any. Nice. And I have been a fool and my grandfather was out. He swalled up till basketball. And I was like, you know, I'm not gonna get it. People have been getting a lot of money on that. Because they're doing it. Because they're the pinnacle. And he has, because the people behind the counter, they're new and they're different people and they didn't know how to read. It sounds like a real good lawsuit to me. Well, we're working on it. And what I like to spend is morning all man. Line up. Okay. doesn't give a crap when you go into a store who cares if they're wider their black or their yellow or their young if they're old if they're capable of just giving you a little bit of service getting whatever you want getting in and out of their fine that's all I'm not in there looking for a date just you know get the end the job done and people are here in denial all the time all your pick it on who cares what I'm just telling you the way this I didn't go in their last night it can drive that experience I'm not making this up and just showing I'm not single in a group out that the queen pharmacist in there he got all you got some nerve too okay well you said it was six it's four minutes still six don't you think that it four minutes still six if you said you pick it up at six you might they might actually even be working on it and it's still sitting there on a counter kind of like an implying that I had some nerve to be going in there like a four or five minutes up well it's you who's me okay in the future I'll make sure to go in like twenty thirty minutes afterward which I'm sure at that point it's the won't be ready by the way the reason that my the pharmacist I was talking about that the boost he's he's at the other walk we've done there on bargola where used to shop all the time those people are great okay if they're still there probably not I would love to keep you all myself from the big brothers and big sisters of America comes another public service to the lonely and deprived children of the US called big sexual service wow I had so much fun tonight you were so worried about it getting better after a little practice and time reaching the youth of America all about the school you said something about it 69 or something what about well little girl won't you just spin around for you know show me okay oh it's the big sexual service of America volunteer today and show the youth of America what's your missing hey call today probably two or five sixty w q a m we have an open line in day one and brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line you know these people get no better shape in fact Jim from sunrise packs is me a very good point Jim you get a little chronic on a fact machine but they're all good he says why would any Asian worth his salt living south for the horrendous public education system we have here they place a tremendous value on education is demonstrated by the vast number of Asian valid tutorials award winners and achievers constantly set it in the press of the real world not the intellectual nuclear winner that is not Florida the intellectual nuclear winner you got a Jim any Asian wants his child again education son for might as well a bottomized the kid will be quicker and easier by the way speaking of the bottom is you know that Gilbert sounded like we just got a spy report the one that was talking about lapaloma is a sandy patent chronic have a nice day which that happens to be one of their sponsors so because they don't have any listeners over there on that stupid show have a nice day call over here trying to pedal which it might be a good place I don't know they will get a spy report about lapaloma never heard of it some of the some kind of a spick place we have an open line in day five doesn't it it's a spick name uh my what what's that place in the airport the Lakarata is that it they have a little but there's one in the airport yes that's the like a Cuban restaurant yes oh you've never had Cuban food are you going to start this again what do you say Luis Miguel call what you've never had Cuban food Luis Miguel Han Hawaiian Fibal I don't want Cuban food okay at the risk of sounding impudent or narrow I don't know all kind of stuff I find out what's good what's the one I like what I don't like but you've never had it so how do you know if you like it that that would be like my saying to you you've never had sex with the guy so why don't you go you know that's right I'm not interested and I've never had it you've never smelled it you've never seen it never smelled a woman Cuban food oh you know I just had a one okay I just had lunch there I'm not gonna much there because if you're gonna start suggesting out of these words smell that a woman's right after I had lunch I'm gonna start to do a bomb at a nice Cuban food subscribe plant hey isn't that what it is part of you know yeah I'm gonna do that part of it some political assado is that what you put your purple in law yeah yeah here's Miami hello hey meal yes sir and we also you want to look like contest behind up for a tell you about the contest one mm-in-a-art black people in the beginning working the staff food rest lost what it never worked before today to watch and prevent the white people from sticking on the food and do a freaky stuff to it man uh okay great okay we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty in the mobile one line here's Davie hello uh Santonio thanks for the words of wisdom thanks for the words of truth thank God to you new and I have to come in see for all those maricones that call and are complain about me and no job and me and good and I have to go and get my thing over there because I know work those guys have to worry about being gentle to customers those guys have to be nice with people and and treat people the way they want to be treated because you know what instead of like that big band that call before where are my brother got let me tell you something let me tell you instead of worrying about listening to the words of wisdom yeah you have to go out there and learn how to talk and learn how to people like because let me tell you you learn how to speak man let me tell you something you'll be scound it makes you I don't know if if I should call that raises but I became after teenagers or being here I have become for some somehow I didn't know when raises to everybody here to all people because there was such urge you all the we you know where I come from you all the windows and the door open to let all people go before you were or women you know you know you think they're you know I know them you know you think these guys turn around and say thank you or just look at you hey what an asshole you are yeah but you know what new thank you for your work I'm for your team hey you they say what am I from you are oh my god walking you say beside we have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 5 6 and Pomp 5 6 the unimobile one line yeah this sexer very much of course they won't touch this thing because the guys with the limbs longs out there that I could have called them admit it how about these 18 well it's every group 18 to 59 how about all these men 14 percent 13 percent 15 17 and average about 14 percent of men and every age group and every demographic category suffer from a lack of interest in sex what kind of men are these where would they find these people I don't know any men I have never met anybody in my life any male in my life no matter what he was interested in who will I had a suffered from a lack of interest in sex where do they take these guy damn surveys probably in the team and Westland maybe that's where they ought to take him here is the money hello yes sir just thought you're customer your listeners would like to know acquins are sending their director of education down to Norman Brothers of Miami Florida yeah and we're going to be having things from salmon at chocolate moves with their head chef making it I'd also be selling all the products if 50 percent off so just yeah well great thanks for the plug okay these to be one of my sponsors years ago Norman Brothers and so are the actions people when they come back on well this will be one of the happy to promote that stuff oh how they love to use me boys and girls they love to use me and use this show and use the power of Neil and use this big audience we got and pop pop pop pop by you like I said but they want to like Kashmir my head a little bit all the Kashmir back and I don't eat salmon at number one and chocolate moose in all those 20 desserts like I've told you a year ago get rid of that sweet tooth that's what's happened to me it's taken me about five days now I finally detoxed myself from the sugar I shot that I was on from all that ice cream and candy and the good taste and stuff but stuff that I must not and can't eat and man all of a sudden I'm doing great what a miracle what a concept I said but I think I'm going to end up do they do they do they do they do they do they do they do they do they do they do they do not across 15 five sixteenth-eenhlyn i'll raise the answer down on everybody to know that teany and five-state they'll even serve the guy with the eyes but in your case stay out they just can't stand you how about those hand vision stories by the way any truth to those okay where we go and let's go to a Hollywood hello okay thank you let's try a mobile and four-laterdale hello hey you know how you doing there's a good to hear I got a fighting of them not on a western bomb which County it seems that typical cover has appeared again hello I'm listening hello I'm listening gentlemen that knows my father has apparently he has a couple of ghosts on his property in so court and something at night for coming in pretty much attacking him has killed a couple of them off where he had to build a completely enclosed pan for you could put him in at night he has dogs and soapwork and all he said you know you heard at night and he came out and they chased it into the woods and all he heard was a grunt and sound running away I just saw the show I probably just were sent to us okay we have a braward wide open here five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's North Miami hello well these buttons are brutal North Miami yes sir long time listener yes I completely agree with you with the problem today with the people with attitude when you have a per veiling theme in the youth of today that is that is no mercy that is attitude that is black of compassion that's been a filter into the work place where they work and as far as disparage speaking lady with it that in work means I'm sick and tired and I didn't run in a Spanish because you haven't Spanish you said ethnic like oh not Spanish well there's a big problem with Spanish speaking people too because I'm tired of modifying the English language okay great call up and you shape a okay call up in his depinus in the hot country about by call up sandy patin is matter five since he's a big topic today you can make a dinner date at lap a level with sandy and talk about bilingualism but not interested pal old and tired still and I will say this that the English language Hispanics they're working whatever it is drug stores and so I have no problem with them they're educated there are particular they pay attention about they be doing no problem and if they don't speak English uh... him is what I say let him live in her a damn little procure world open line of day one in brought five so see this this kind of conversation they are a track skies like this professional bigots want to make their little attacks and uses a form to try to sneak in that crap and right away he's already made the transformation this girl and never said that she was his panic i made it very clear that she do not be his panic but that don't get used to scab of the fact here's my amy hello hello yes sir but a year ago went to a track to a lot of one a clock in the morning and after i ordered my plexi order the girl left the mic on and i have a show i'm scratching like you'll check you know what that means okay great i hope you have a good time doing it just before she handled your food in fact that was the rest of charge we have an open line in the broad red to a day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a prestigious mobile one line yeah i'm sure you enjoyed it here's more jables hello hey nail yes sir if you see the herald business section with the fanters raising thirty million dollars they want to issue with another stocker no i did not see that uh... it seems that they need thirty million to pay down the the resort purchases so when is asking for new stock issue and he expects all the panther fan is and nice to see that republic stock doing real well at thirteen in the change that's doing the real great and her team don't mind out of twenty five and a half thank god got my money out of that piece of crap you can't remember everything waiting touches turns to instant process garbage just keep that in mind garbage in garbage out that's where the money came from and i was making that everything he touches that's it but you have to see if i could get go like in the arena you could feel a i don't know i have a better one than that they they're now taking a survey was in the paper couple days ago they're surveying the fans to find out about the no shows who they are what their name is why they're not showing up now let's face it attendance is not feeling of our problems in the macarina like monday that against the very marginal sanos eighteen the same that the heat was playing at home eighteen thousand seven hundred was a very very good crowd of the circumstances and if they instead of wasting their time taken stupid surveys if they would take about a half a dozen people turn on the red light at the shoe twice and let them sit around the various parts of the arena see where they can see and where they can't and get some jackass down there where they uh... pair of pliers and adjust it so we can see it then they be just something oh no they want to throw t-shirts and run around yeah they don't care about whether we enjoy the game or not i'm going to say it again that we can see on i'm consumable and the fact that nobody else cares about it shows we got no real hockey fans in this town about twenty of us look at that two lines left on the board where when it down we're sitting and out here okay i think it was that sandy paten i mentioned her name is what did it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line sixty that rhymes with sixty here's my any hello any i ever noticed the only people work at public are either really really young people or older really really old people right no middle-aged people work at all right because the people are working super market time exactly it's not like a career choice you know you're not going to be living working there forever it's high school kids that are getting a part-time job and old guys who are most of your time but making a few bucks on the side that's right and uh... what's the call uh... i was there i'd be only found my way to uh... to the for the money and in the money and the national carbon and so that's the macaroon yeah exactly was against uh... when you lost horribly to a washing ten five one of the spot of months ago month and half ago right i saw in the right in the bottom you can hear the speakers or horn socks or live doesn't go on yeah what why do we spend so much money on but other than that it's great thank you glad you had a good time i mean what's the point they don't care it's like this joy they do not care it's the florida fnw a man and the people like a winner that that's the best part of it why should the management care and the people that are running that joint when the people that are going there don't care that's where it may be i can't get these people off of time on this stuff to save my life people go to a sporting event the places got more god damn problems and carters got pills hey they don't care they're there with their cell phone their schmoozing air up patchking around whatever they're doing okay i'm glad you're having a good time we have an open line in date one in broad five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line mobile in four miles hello you're mine yes mine come on i'm not complex the only people that ever complain about racism if it was that i never hear the chinese or you know like a few more about your makins all right what about about Haitians Haitians don't really complain about it don't sure they do they're always screaming about the cuban immigrants that can come in and Haitians are included which i think they got a good point yet i just got a true i do need a lot of baseball's a lot of fall balls being hit yeah it is like no there's no like no welfare in all into the american black sale complain about you know welfare over here and it's in that yeah i mean okay thank you okay two overlions in date one in broad five six seven is called pick on a black thing i think that god been was right the one i call the fourth and key at a point lot of god damn racist calling me here they're getting a get my goat here's a mobile in four lot of day hello yeah i know the whole problem with the bachelor restaurant real trouble first of all i'm not just talking about fast food restaurants i was talking about walgreens which last time i noticed wasn't the fast food right but go ahead walgreens are the same anyway because we're not running at the jews and i running them for you said jews are running it so on with the jews run a bit is this are the jews run i public are there's who's running public yeah okay blow it out you jewish yes you jewish like my dog is jewish okay two overlions in date two and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a lady in my me sure is hello yes man i am enjoying your can't hear you i am enjoying your program tremendously you are so true and you're the best thing we have in my yeah well at least people don't get it i know we get it we get it listen to you don't get it i'm telling you they don't get it i know i know you have to be thinking what they think we're trying to do the cool plus plan hour here today they don't know what i'm talking about i'm talking about service i'm talking about people the brain of working jobs and places where they deal with the public that's what i'm talking about of course i have a gun into a McDonald's an order of water and if it's oh no man we're still serving brokers they're gonna be upset they don't sell woppers in the country i said no no they think oh no we don't have it yet we're still serving brokers they don't sell woppers in the McDonald's you gotta go to a burglar king you tell me that okay go get over there and see if they got him don't want to make kick-to-rass out of this you go to McDonald's an order of brok woppers it's wrong with you honey that's like when did it burger he ordering a big Mac that's like a one of the guy damn uh Kentucky fried ordering a Dave Thomas' special whatever hell he's peddling this month that big fat put a whacker bag do you like Wendy's though do you like Wendy's and if you tell me around the icons by the way they'll package you up an atinfo without the bread they'll really do that they're more at the good Wendy's or the smart people are working we have an open line in Broward all three and day just sitting there dead as a door nail i think it's time for a weekday today between now and two a clock it even for that stupid thing in a paper the other day or did that piss me off took on my good friend and recay manual assholes at the arrow they do that just to aggravate me but they did with that Luis Miguel concert i'm gonna tell anybody that they heard of knocking Luis Miguel man you are a piece of scum you are a piece of subhuman slime you could lick Luis Miguel's recto but it'll be probably would like to not equine his grandies that's what they got at the herald this is the most disgusting program i urge everyone to complain to this station car theft is on the rocks america a car is stolen every 12 seconds what can you do to protect your expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen the club will protect the valuables inside your car but a big black guy named Ben can you to wear from the car mother father for less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you pay for the club you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile you to wear from the car mother it's simple to use just leave the big black guy name Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them you to wear from the car mother father listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy name Ben it's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't you to wear from the car mother father that's about it i didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with it got him to protect my car the best investment i've ever made my neighborhood isn't that great there have been a lot of cars that i can't tell you how many times i've heard you to wear from the car mother father knowing that i've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car less than sleep better at hand call now 1 800 1 big guy that's 1 800 1 B i G G U i and instead of hearing this you'll hear this you'd have worked from the car mother father. So pretty one to five sixty q m hank will be here from shulaste to come up at two o'clock booster for a couple hours tonight six to late for the pre games and eight panties at Dallas could be really ugly a 39 there's a fact from terrian for miles. Neil i don't know if you know this even if you care well do i care. No but anyway it says in April for miles the show preceding your program list of juvenile gay bashing do i care. No even though they die on the air if he morning for three hours and 55 minutes they always find something to say so they close the show by saying and now we do end the new rides you show already in progress since most listeners are stop listening that station since this guy was hired we tune in only for your show and find it really irritating that there's no talent mean mouth guy lingers on your time just now 11 30 in the morning so under the bion hour ago and one of the commercial breaks they played a promo for your show and again had something to do with gay bashing could you tell the bees leads to cut it off and that too you're the only talent they haven't let the listen to me i'm not going to interview with the other programs if they got some a homophobic castle on air he fits right in with a market over there Terry don't you understand that majority of those people over there are red next and homophobic yourself don't you get that that's least remember the ronoron shell the old rodgers yeah remember them follow the couple of gay bashing even though they had that fruit cake phase won't leon every morning that was the 90% of their who was gay bashing and big huders that was basically it didn't phase me and by the way are they anybody heard them lately no no i mean that show that was some santami creme or don't leave him out that was some operation here's a mobile and dear field beach hello yeah yeah yes sir long time first time yes about her 20 years and you're right these people just don't get it okay you could be even having a goddamn hammer and it's it's like the same thing with the football player from the Atlanta they got caught trying to get a green yeah i mean they look at it as you're attacked the blacks this guy just if you made a period good guy worked in the morning yeah what it's all wow lead at least he gave it back that was them why don't you go back the leader's what I thought Eugene yeah what color the guy is it's what he got in the morning what excepted he's so forth then he goes out and there's a saying thing you're talking about now these people they don't get it no they don't back they don't even understand what i'm talking about today and you know half of the people calling in here they think that it's open season on you know racism and ethnic bashing which is not i'm just talking about the fact that there are a lot of very unqualified people ethnic minorities who get hired because they'll work cheap and they get hired to handle the white kids because you know they have a quote is to fill and that they can't do the job that's my point and especially somebody filling prescriptions in a pharmacy what are we talking about here well i'll tell i've been out of 20 years i'm a couple years old when you once i retire i'm out of here in hard and i'll be right in your house yeah it can't be soon enough and good luck to sure i'm kind of a good day coming in the moments i'm not normal yes yes i am i yes okay we have an open line of brower two and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line i mean i mean i see i talk about all these things every day on this show and then they said the phones start lighting up and they're they talking about all of these things no so talking about what they perceive that i'm talking about or what they would rather than be talking about which is open up the door to their narrow mindedness and bigotry and then the big black guy called ben calls in an hour and a half ago and he accuses me of being a god damn racist which he knows useful a crap i didn't give a crap if this girl was a jack i don't care what else he was last night during the drugstore i'm going to pick up a prescription that's all i'm not going there to socialize i'm not there to check her i cue i just want to pay for my stuff and believe me across the admin four legs was the expensive crap that's all very simple when you're in business higher people i can deal with a public if you're a radio station don't hire big fat grotesque sales people to go on and think of disgusting image that's right hire somebody that at least looks like a human being not some big fuck a top of crap i said top of crap i said some big top of crap and i misspoke i said some big flub of crap yeah what's gonna say this big f and t of an area nice come back some big f and double crap well hey i should have said it you know it because that's what he is he's a big f and club of crap hi palie what do you want to do hi alia oh get out of here just get away from me no what's wrong with saying that for crisis and it's goddamn juvenile country i'm so sick and tired of the word police and the goddamn the seat belt police at the Sunday and the guy in swing club police the goddamn pleasure it's not just a pleasure police it's the everything police pretty simple i have the damn bomb movement police if you leave a little drop on a seat man they're going to come after you and put you get released right here take it here's a mobile in Miami hello you turn that down jackass yeah i want to tell you a little bit have you heard of the Ricky Martin restaurant no oh yeah the restaurant in south beach i went over there this week and it was really nice yeah for Valentinesia took my wife and it was really nice really the Ricky Martin restaurant yeah right on south beach i can't stay on Ricky Martin he makes me say can you like the Ricky Martin you couldn't sing as well out of a paper sack you can't no well anyway he feels like in Ricky's butt but that he probably would like to though he probably would love it okay well check it out thank you so much everybody promote their restaurant so that's okay we all mind except for that sandy paten or we do mind him a lot Gilbert's twin the brother and wife that he's a turd well that's something when you got sandy's list is called and that really tells you how low we've sunk two open lines and groward what a day very weak again here when today this is the third straight day all yesterday once i finally got him going to recycled it we had a lot of great calls yesterday great because of the fact that there were so stupid defending the indefensible and today's ass when they were so good Catholics today huh probably does eat macaroni and cheese and shmirinets stuff on your forehead smear a little charcoal five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line as we keep pressing and prodiging the right in the wings is my close personal friend and Ricky standing by just in case okay maybe a medley of in Ricky maybe an hour and a half of in Ricky if you guys don't get with it here's my emie hello okay sir hey well first of all you were talking earlier fine i guess you're still talking early chronic yeah what's that i said go ahead okay you were you were talking about the black and all that's the chronic yeah yes and and okay and he's gone because i said he's chronic and he is hey listen the home and i've said many times before i'd rather sit here with a dead board than talk to the chronic so okay you can try to change your voice a little bit talk real quietly and a bit your chronic you're just chronic man two open lines a day let's here from somebody new and different today god damn it let's hear from some moment today let's hear from some people i work in retail who work with somebody's morons come on let's go you know what i'm talking about you're on the infant right you I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. You have got to tell you what and Ricky said to me the other day. Okay. He said he said he said to you your shoulders are great. He goes when he has been in the same. He helps you with all that. I'm not going to write it right now but he wants to stay. But he insisted to see it from jettler type. His career told this is quite easy. Tell me, little Ricky's dying to come home. Tell me, little Ricky has something to show you. He would blow you away if it was a run. He had some taste and drink. He wants you to know that he's so sad. Tell me, and Ricky said to me, little Ricky, love you. Tell me, little Ricky, is always thinking of you. He wants to see your boy. He has much much more children. But he wants to see your boy. You know that Ricky wanted to try to hold a job. And Ricky wants to see you. He has just kind of got his little wife. He's got his little wife. And Ricky's trying to get me to get her. And Ricky is just having a good time with me. Works work. He wants to run the whole day with the young. He wants to run the whole day with the young. He wants to see you. He wants to see you. He wants to run the whole day with the young. He wants to see you. He wants to see you. He wants to see you. He wants to see you. He wants to see you. How 45 at 5.62. And so this idiotic review of Enrique's concert in Valentine's Day by Lila, Cobble, Hanlon, whoever whatever been in about she got off. Just absolutely unacceptable, bro. Tessk. It says, what is always served at glaciers, well as his charm on stage and off. On this evening, he used it to get by. He used it by allowing a young boy to get on stage and sing along. Extremely well, by the way, to know your ace for me. Don't cry for me. The glaciers also was a trooper and giving hugs to the female fans who periodically storm the stage, although that got old after while security take note. Enrique Laces is more closely associated with Ricky Martin and Shajan, but his show is reminiscent of Luis Miguel and it's reliance on voice. This works for Luis Miguel, but for a glaces to pull this off, he needs to improve his singing. And the headline on the review says, Enrique, Enrique, Iglesias Voice, can't match charm. So, in other words, what I think she's really trying to say is he looks better than he sounds. Is that debatable? No. She only wishes that she could go up there and touch it. Okay, just grab like it. You just get a cheap feel. Anything. Any part. Tonal. So he looks great. Okay. He's knocked down fall down beautiful gorgeous. Okay. And to compare him with Luis Miguel, how many times have I said that? Is there a comparison between Enrique and Luis Miguel? Of course not. There's nobody in the world, things like Luis Miguel. But sweetheart, you've crossed the goddamn line. When you start picking on Enrique, honey. He's got more talent in his little finger. Rimes with her. And she's got a new whole body. Especially right in for that, David. Okay, come down, Enrique. We have an open line in day one and groward. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. And pump five, sixy. That's what they're saying. Finga, finger. How many different New York? Finga, that may lafinga. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you still working with a failed man? Home Depot? Yes. One time this bag came out to me and he tried to come in on to me. Uh-huh. Okay. We have an open line in groward. Five, six, seven, five, sixy. That's your buddy. By the way, another one of those little spix, which is the reason that we can't talk to too many spix in this time because those two are three little hotels that are busy playing grab ass with each other. In the T-room at Westland. Five, six, seven, five, sixy, five, sixy, five, sixy, and the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. When is the S? Okay. Gone on three. Gone on three. Okay. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Okay, sir. We're just probing the outer retu, sir, for some kind of life. I would say intelligent life, but we're not too optimistic. I'm not sure if you're going to find a work retail pharmacy. And I know it's rough. And now you feel I experience a first-hand everything. For luck. Can I get this question? What kind of a system is it that they have in these drug stores where they have these little boxes with the alphabet on them? And then they have bags all over the place and there's a bunch of them in drawers. And they've got prescription slips smeared out all over the counter. I mean, is that a system? That's a term resemblance of some kind of person. Yeah. Well, it sucks. You've got a better solution. And I got a better solution. Like there's got to be a more scientific way of doing it. You know, I mean, then just having the stuff laying all over the place. Every time someone comes up to care if they're stripped of a cringe because I have a still on the person I'll find some not to come. I mean, when we let him answer this, when one of the pharmacists gets done filling a prescription when it's ready to go. Why can't they take it immediately and put it in one of those bins? Where are Polans and put it in alphabetical order? Why can't they do that? Usually that's how it should be done. Not that I'm not an Easter I've ever seen. They've got some of some of more in the bins, some of Marlene on the counter, some of our over where you drop the thing off in the first place. And they got like 20 different places where stuff is laying around. Well, I don't know in the place, but if you want to come by and have any health yet, you wouldn't have to do a different thing. Where's that? Stingue. Oh, and Daniel, CalPass. Thank you, sir. I'm going to go to Daniel for a prescription. No. Okay, date count is why it opened 560, count 560 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. First time call, long time listener. I was Catholic. He doesn't believe in any of that crap. Yes. I got a headly ass Wednesday, by the way. Yeah, right. I got a story about McDonald's and David. Yeah. Last year, I guess when one started, I'm not sure exactly how this stuff operates because I don't care. I went there in order to cheeseburgers playing with cheese, open the clean mess out of. Well, pop minutes down the road when I opened the things up, all they had was the bread and the cheese. Yeah. Well, that's close. Yeah, that's close. There's nothing worse than getting the cheeseburger with no cheese on it. I, I, I, I allowed it though, you know, thinking maybe somewhere in the middle they're doing the dog, considered it was one, but I doubt it. To the know better, pal. All right. Hey, I sent my girlfriend one of those Vermont teddy bears. Worked great, man. Excellent. All right. Have a good one. Happy to ask. Where's my meat? Okay. Open line of Broward all three and day. I think, you know, we've put, we've pumped this as far as we can today. This audience is one drive. They ran around Monday. Friday. I think they were out of material. Pop out, Bray by the way. He'll be back when he's been ready. That's basically what it says in the paper today. Maybe this weekend. Maybe by Saturday with that Phoenix game. Maybe not. Okay. And like I said, they're spending a lot of money to get all these rocket signs together. They're sent out these surveys and then, you know, approach each and every one of the those shows, find out their name, address, shoe size where they get their prescription filled. Why aren't they there? Which last time I checked, that really wasn't a very big problem. We don't really have all that many no shows. We got tremendous crowds at every game and spread the mediocre hockey out there and spread of all the problems. And what they ought to be trying to do is expend their energies on making things right. Oh, my god. There he goes again. He hasn't lived here long enough. What a concept. Seriously, you think that if you lived someplace long enough, you'd catch on. You'd get used to it with me. It's just to be first. The longer I live here, the harder it is for me to accept the fact that there's so much mediocrity that goes on here and people just accept it. They just shrunk their shoulders. Oh, you know, that's the Florida Affirm Way, man. The rules are different here. Here's a mobile in the Grove. Hello. New God. Yes, sir. What's going on? I'm on. Hey, that guy before me, you didn't tell you the vegetarian. You older, veggie burger. That guy. I was on his way. I got my cheese. I'm a happy camper. Of course, I can't eat the bun. So I'd have to spit the cheese on. Yeah, I'd like to eat some bun right now. Before I forget. Well, I don't forget to ask Wednesday. Actually, exactly what I was going with my girlfriend's listening baby. Remember, tonight's I asked Wednesday. All right. Lou bit up, listen. I have a similar question. Welcome. I had a similar bad experience when my 10 year old was an instant with an anti biotic. And I've thank God my ex-wife and orange. Otherwise, you're in a trouble with a heck of drugs. I mean, I can't get drugs. I can't stand records. Well, they didn't want to vomit. You just said we had a couple of nice letters going their way. And they could carry us a little bit. They did a little bit. They smirred you a little bit. Yeah, you smirred us a little bit. And that bitch. Look, I'm not inclined at home or session in client. But if I were, I'd do both and wreaking and we can get out this same time. So that bitch that really an article showed up your ass bitch. Okay. She probably won't. Yeah, I got a good medical body. Go. Okay. Okay. This guy is ready. He's ready. I'll write for us Wednesday. He's already into it. Yeah, what's wrong with that? That fucking bit. Yeah, knocking in wreak. Huh? See, no, that's the one thing I noticed. No Hispanic. The only one that can get away with doing a concert in this town always tastes sucker ass is Gloria. Gloria, Stefan. Who, by the way, sucks watermelons. Okay. She couldn't sing a word of a goddamn paper bag. She blows. Worst in Monica. She's a piece of turd. She could do a concert every no could be off key. And they're writing all these water all they just obsessed. You know, she's one of the untouchables. But if, uh, and it probably even Ricky Martin, if he came here, that's a way. And he was okay, but you know, he's Puerto Rican. And he's also, well, here's a mobile in Miami Beach, shallow. Hey, I'll come here. Are you going? Okay, sir. First time calling. Right. I was telling you the problem with the people is not the ethnic background and like that is the fact that nobody takes any pride in the work they do. Yeah. They clock in. They get their paycheck. They just think of a crappy job or a great job. Yeah, Rams with clock. It's called Schlock. That's, uh, that's what they do. Schlock. All right. No, and I'm worried it's like my ass. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. What do you think Lori would say to that? Okay. Two open lines a day to a brawler. It's been an out baby. Your top crowd are tough. Not to crack here today. We should have 50,000 calls on a phone on this. Okay. But like I said, I'm the only one there last night was even slightly agitated. Everybody else are either very good actors or it's just me. I'm getting old and crotchety. These people are standing online and they're they're like glazed over. They're standing there so long and they're like, yeah, so hopeless at this point that you're looking at their eyes. They're like glazed over. But they don't care that I'm making a peep. You know, I get you know, because they're just a free that if they say something, they speak up. They'll like give them the arsenic or something in their prescription. Absolutely positively unething acceptable. That was what that experience was like. And when I drove out of there, I thought, well, you know, I've been doing business there a long time. There's a nice people like my friend Marcie. That used to work that I don't see her anymore. In fact, I don't see any of the same people. There are anymore. That's sort of not been open at long. But I'm upset that you're talking people's health. I mean, my is it was just cream the shimmer on my neck. So it wasn't going to be life and death in my case, but usually it's prescription drugs, which is. Oh, I don't know. How do you spell that? ZQX. What is it? Let me write it out for you, honey. Okay. Just bear your ass. Let me let me em blazing it on your goddamn. Pecto. Can't see if you can figure out how you spell it. Dumb. Just absolutely, impotibly dumb. A system of the whole setup is flawed. It's garbage. And you people go under these joints in your place, your life and your health and your whole family's health on his crap. And these people are running around back there like a bunch of goddamn banana bugs and heat. They don't know what they're doing. The Neal Roger show on 560. WQAM, Miami Fort Waterdale. It's the water to two hours. Okay. I just not trouble Susan Heathrow's school. My old school knew that it's something you do. I bet that I would grab them forever all the time. I wonder how you do that. Oh, I was a circumference. I told you that I wasn't fucked with Jake. He said the 50s of he quit my fifth. He looked bad as fine. And if that he had to die, it was pretty rough. I wasn't circumference. He now down his third of lemon gave me a leg. If that I'm gonna cut it, I'm right here in the frame. I feel the furthest broken then I thought it'd be free. I brought my drugs. I thought of John. Found he's got me. I couldn't feel it on the left or on the right. I don't need no more mind. He's worth my half-time. Are you feeling a lot of fun? Except for him. I'm all the lack of God. I just been circumference. I brought my drugs. I thought of John. I need God's wings. I couldn't feel it on the left or on the right. I don't need no more mind. He's worth my half-time. Now they're coming. Man, it's better showin' with the God. I walk in the lack of God. I'm right. I just been circumference. I just been circumference. I just was circumference. I just was circumference. I just was circumference. I just felt like a prick. Okay, one, two, a five, 60, WQM. We have an open line. Who was that by the way? They did that. Was that KJ? Then that bit? No. It's all like theater. Yeah. A local barband. And do we ever hear from them again? Yes. They did the whole stop the Wayne. Really? They did them good. So let's give a little credit. We're creditors do. Okay. Who all night, theater? We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and Pana. 5, 6, D on the AT and T. Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah, new. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm going back and forth on this issue with the police in New York, with the shooting of 41 times. Yes. Yeah. Am I going back and forth on it? Yeah. Man, I'm having a debate. But can't I hear my life? Yeah. He thinks that that was completely racial. He's like he's black. Yeah. He thinks it was completely racial. I'm telling him. I spoke to my cousin, my cousin's Cuban. I mean, he's a cop in Miami. Tell me that he would have done the same exact thing. Well, he crazier than that. No, no, no, no, no, no. Let me say it again. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. I'm not going to do a big crazy. I'm not going to do a big thing. I mean, he tells the person to stop and he keeps running. He's got a frontman in his hand. Yeah. Yeah. And with so many cops running, he got a guy. He had a gun. So they had a shooting 41 times. He had a shot. I got a shot. And then the kind of gun that they were shooting. You hear a necklone. You think of another gun shooting back that you? Uh-huh. You know what I mean? Yeah, right. So that's amazing. You're going to shoot this guy 80, 2 times. There we go. Back at you. We have an open line of day one and a Howard 560560 and pomphi of 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, God. Yes, sir. I use the word. Don't call that time. And people ask me, what the hell that mean? I say unacceptable. I can go play to get in bunker. Meet him. Go Red Wings. Uh-huh. Like I said, Jack Ball. Open line of day one and Howard 560560 and pomphi 560. Our all the Red Wings fans that stupid. I remember that one young blonde guy that's from last year. He was a good guy. He was okay. Yeah. But other than that, I think the Red Wings fans are like mental for basketball cases cause they know that I'm going to do the three-peat. And for there's nothing worse in the world. I hit the net expert in three-peat. All these sports nerds. Oh, let's go for the three-peat. Oh, God. I mean, we're talking to mentality. So embarrassing. So juvenile. What do you think about that? Can niches own a young game that I watched the number on that game, huh? Hmm. Here's Hollywood, hello. Here we go, Neil. Yes, sir. So to me, believe the garden's finally Saturday night. Yeah. You know, when I saw a bit of passion to the flight, put the end. You know, who's with me? People's working out yesterday. And I said, hey, what they said? We just started with, should we? And I started talking to him. That garden comes with red horn, it's working out, it's working out on the treadmill. He's really great shaped his age, but working out as a president. About the almost 90 years old, isn't it? Yeah. He's still working on the treadmill, and he's pleased to see that it was actually seen down. He's seen some photographs. Yeah, he's actually pleased, or he's seen down here. Great guys at the thought of the 2015 minutes. He's the end of the thing where he handed me a maple leaf. That's popular, right? That was picked with him. That was great. And he was a, uh, he's, he starts talking about it a year. His way back when he's a tyrant back in 1941. That's amazing. Yeah. I'm gonna talk about it. Maybe we can shoot them up and put them on defense. Have a great day, Proud. We need some help. All I got that big guy from Vancouver, I see you last night. We got rid of Darby Henderson. We'll never be the same again. We have an open line in day one and Proud. Who's that? Who's that? You're talking about 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 60 and Pond 5. 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to talk about the islanders. Why? I want to find that while I am an islander fan of Cumberland. I'm sorry, yeah. I want to find out why in the world would they want to get Felix Potten when they have Tommy Stallow. I'm just a guy. Mike Millbury didn't like Tommy Stallow and he thought that Felix Potten was still headed and obviously he doesn't. But you know, one good thing about that trade, it turned out to be a piece of crap for both teams. You know, they say they say if the trade works well for both teams, it's a good trade. In this case, it worked out crappy for both teams. So it's a good trade. Brian Barard can't play a lick of defense for leaves and Felix Potten can't stop a watermelon. So we're not even for both teams and you guys are in big trouble. We have an open line of day, 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T. Why will sign if you notice by the way, Tommy Stallow's playing most of your games now? Here's a North Miami. Hello. They knew good day. Yes, sir. Good day. They're a fan. Won't come, sir. All right. I've heard you a couple of days ago, Badmoutton, Nia, a real hotel out there. Vegas. I just got back out there from out there myself. Well, if anybody's got a different point of view, let me straighten me out. I never stayed there, but before I had a real bad experience with the bad taste in my place. Well, I'm just, you know, if you've got a douche bag on the rag that day, I mean, I got to tell you besides the fact that the mile up the strip, I thoroughly enjoyed it. I mean, had a nice room where we're looking to strip at a round car, which you know, I took downtown a free monster. I walked the strip. Right. And, you know, hey, for Vegas, I had a blast running the bed out when I was out there taking for a nice cruise out in the desert. But why, oh, you got a man of cars. You're going to be out there. But why would you want to stay at a place that's in my office strip? What's the advantage? What's the big traction there? Well, I mean, I caught me. I came right to my desk and friends and the side just being in room just to sleep. I was never there. I got rated pretty good, but like you said, you know, just the main distance of being a mile up the strip out of big, but a nice beautiful six-on-a-square foot sweep there and for the right, for sixty bucks a night. I couldn't be in the first day. For a safe box a night? Yeah. Now, when you say a big, beautiful space is sweet. I mean, I know it's an all-sweet hotel, but I mean, I have a feeling that the average room at DMGM grant is probably no smaller than what you're talking about. I've never been in the house. Yeah, they get pretty damn nice rooms for like, you know, 90 out of the week night, like 89, 90 bucks a night. The only difference is I'm sure you get a much nicer room to want to typeify that DMGM. Right here, those are highly promoted to type. Yeah. Right. All right, by the time I mean, maybe just had a bag. Well, we'll find out. Well, let's get to more real sweet people. Let's, uh, we're fairer, as fairer, you know? I caught somebody to ditch that. I said, hey, Rich, you're not the better ponytail driving douchebag. Okay, pal. That'd be had a good time. What do you want to Vegas need? God, out of there is what he said. He didn't stay there. He just disloved there. He's not to like it. He's only sleeping on a bed. Okay, you're sleeping in a room on a bed as long as he's a nice decent room, clean room, good shower and a whole deal. What does it make? But I had a really bad experience. And since we're talking about service and treating people right today, why would I even think about going back to a place where I had a bad experience in a place that's noted that's world famous for great service and being friendly? Well, I would want to go back to a place like that. But I'm sure that there are a lot of you love to be a sweet. Go ahead, give them a good plug. Whatever you're like, we're not. I don't think there's a bad room at the MGM grant. I could be wrong. But I mean, for any price, I don't think there's a bad room in that joint. It's just a beautiful place. And how they do it? They got 5000 rooms in there. And usually they're pretty damn packed, you know? And how they clean them all. You go out for a while to come back by noon or want to clock your room is already clean. And then like I've told you, the room service, the food is sensational. And 30 minutes, if that place is jam packed and they snowed there from during the biggest conventions, 30 minutes, 35 at the most, there's your food room service and knock it on the door, the food is great. What's not to like? I had one in my mouth once. Ever wonder what it would be like to get great by any more? Yes, yes, what do you do? I'll leave it to Hollywood to be so far removed from this planet. You can't possibly take them seriously. We are not possible. If you have it with the rules ever, the gut-wrenching truth is adopted and raped. Reality fills presents real disclosure starring Janet Reno. I'm here, big boy. You'll dream in horror when you see Janet Reno seduce her underlings. That's a good for you. It wasn't open the sky. We were disclosure coming soon. Maybe we shouldn't say that. Starting Friday. 14 at 5. 60. By the way, for the benefit of Ben, who might still be listening, I'm sure he is. The bad service I had at the Rio Suits in Vegas a couple of years ago. They were white people. Just to set the record straight, just to clear up the complexion of the whole story there, they were lily white and they were bunch of assholes and I will not go back. Simple as that. Here's a mobile info, Laternail. Hello. Neil, got it. Yes, sir. I call everyone once in a while and we talked about the red ones. I just didn't want you to put us all on the same boat as that happened. Well, not guys coming. You're driving day, call the same boat. He's just a jackass. He's too much family, right? You want to stop. I don't think you've got a chance for the, I won't say it. How do you know that was 30 games left? How does anybody know who's got a chance? I see those those kinds of calls are the kinds of calls that make sports talk shows. Terminal people are called up. Well, what do you think, who's he? Who do you like? What the, how do you know? How does anybody know? You said it. I was just given that guy a little stuck. Don't be a sensitive man. If you're from the chart, you shouldn't be sensitive. You're talking about? Yes, sir. As soon as I'm through surgace, they're turning his 650 million rubles. Yeah. I think we'll be right. You guys have an awful, okay, leave room for somebody else. Get out here. We have an open line in Broward. Five, six. So I'll see it to pink is when they open up again in about 50 years. Okay, sir. Yeah, the truck. There's a place. You're in what it was. Oh, my God. Never going to be what it used to be. No, not even close. A shadow of what it once was. The great city that used to be the motor city. And now, oh, geez. A toilet. But I don't want to go into the reason. Here is a sunrise, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. After noon, sir. And breakfast, too. I got a couple things for you. I'm calling from sunrise. I just wanted to know that there are living and breathing people out here. Oh, yeah. I love that. Um, couple things. First about this new ordinance about the N science. Yeah, isn't that the set of? How's that coming? Anything to one at? I haven't heard a word about it. And seems to be all the signs are still up. Was that one man's notion? Or did like the... Like the... Some council vote on it? Yeah, the sunrise commission vote on it. And of course, it was being pushed by the city manager, Pat Solerna, who's a major asshole. Does anybody not have blue hair that voted on that? How about now we admit that his name, Pat Solerna, why he's the guy? Yeah. Bahaka, now how come they have that Pat Solerna highway? Do we name highways after guys that are still alive? Apparently. Well, that kind of crap is that. Oh, you thought? He's probably almost dead anyway, right? Yeah, well, he's probably 20 years younger than the immediate age. He's been a few years old. Yeah, that's just arbitrarily like a bunch of sign-notes. He's came along and they're trying to put all these poor basses out of business. Right, and you don't like it get out. Right, you're mentioning that the article and the... ...scom-settingle by one lady that owns a Taylor shop or something. That was a dry cleaners. Yeah. Well, my girlfriend's gone to her many times and she's a nice lady in the world. Well, I hope everybody goes there. In fact, I wish her still had the article. Let's plug the books and name it that place, you know? Oh, well, somebody will call it. It looks like we're in an open park bowl of hers. All right. Right, before you numbers. Everybody take their laundry and fix steal your neighbor's laundry and take it up for you. Just to give her a lot of business. All right. I got one other thing, Neil, and the greatest thing in the world happened to me last week. Yes. And I went after I said instead of giving me an old, can you give me a full length Roy? Yeah. I got flared from Packard. Roy. Yeah. Great. Can you remember anything that ever happened to me in the world? Next one. All right, Neil. You have a good day. Good luck to us. Thanks. And even if you're going to the soup kitchen, man, you move it up in the world from the Eckard's boy. That's it. And yes, once in a while, I'm all confessed that it's, you know, for convenience, you're going to work in Vignan's sake, depending if like if I'm going to the post office there on hiatus. There's an Eckard's on a corner because there's an Eckard's in a Walgreens on every street corner in South Florida. Look out here right in the corner. What's up there on the end? Walgreens. Every goddamn street corner. And that's fine. Okay. Because you need your, you know, you're under arm stuff and you're do should. Well, you're all your good stuff. And you actually need your prescription drugs because it's a sick guy. They're in the sick guy, they're in the country. Just ask me, I'll tell you. But if you want to tell you what thing that blood pressure. Oh my God. Thanks again to Dr. Pasko and yeah, maybe it's only by accident. Maybe it's because I'm on my best pees and cues because I'm in this enforced birth district. That can's the last several days and have to continue doing it because they got no choice. But boy, I'm going to tell you when you can skip like to one and a half blood pressure things and you take your pressure. It's like one, a 10 over 84 or 74. Yeah, one 10 over 74. And I'm saying to myself, all right, like that. Maybe one of the doctor's, I'll maybe said, girl, I'm taking that. That makes more sense. Let's talk about salt palm metal and I'll let the herbal crap and then that Tinture of a treat treat. Crap that your crazy accountant sold me for five bucks. You cheap, you bastard. Now, what kind of crap is that he charges me for? After all, I'll probably see you have given him that issue. Yeah, that's right. I said he was a good accountant. I said he's crazy. But he's a good con man. But more than you want, David, with your tincture of that, take your tea of drinking whatever it is and stick it in your rectum. Man. In fact, this rub's just, you're Schmerseman your army for you, like I laid it to fill in the marmorning. Maybe it'll loop it up a little bit. You won't cut up the circulation so bad. You'll loom it to do. Here's Miami. Hello. No. Yes, sir. You saw E.S. it. They listened. We're getting married and I'm going for my honeymoon to Italy. Yeah. And I'm going on a tour. I'm going all over Florence, Rome, Venice. Great. I'm Malon. Excellent. So I want to know if you can give me some good restaurants, but I'm not interested. And which city? Yeah. Okay. We're somewhere to tell restaurants. Trimic Donalds in each one. Okay. You love it. I mean, well, what is that? To give me some good restaurants. You don't worry about the name of a restaurant and Italy, my friend. You go to the trotter rears. You go to the little mom and pop trotter rears. You have a fantastic meal. Go to sheaos in Rome. Okay. There's one for a GIGLI. Oh, jeaos. It's on the via, whatever the hell it is. I'll be in the next one. I can't think of the name. Right by the upper house. There's all I mean, just go to a restaurant. Wherever you go, it'll be better than 95% of the crap that you buy here. Okay. What is with these people? What is with these people? I'm going to Vegas. Can you tell me a good place to gamble? Yeah. What is that? I like, like, I'm going to be locked up in 10 Quentin for 10 years. Can you tell me the number of a good sell to hang out? What are these people talking about? Just go with the flow, baby. Go and have a good time and wander around and don't go to the tourist traps and don't get sucked and don't spend too much time and flour and serates. A real, real tourist trap. Beautiful city, beautiful people, but highly overpriced and a real tourist trap. Don't spend too much time on the path to vacuos with all that overpriced jewelry. I want you to want to buy your wife a lovely necklace. Here's Miami, hello. New, oh God. Yes, sir. Are you new? Great. This is for the Acres and Walgreens, go ahead. That's pretty much a lesser of two evils because I'm a Julio and down here you try to go to one of the Boge Bogegitas, one of the little, probably owned pharmacies. See? Oh my God. It'll be there for hours. You can already, anyone even gives you a hand. Well, the busy, you know, choke and the chickens in the back. Yeah, all that witch doctor stuff they do. Actually, magnetic bracelets going. Yeah, I was going to West and I wanted to know if you could tell me a good theorem news. Number two, right next to pennies. And before I go, I wanted to give you a meal, a body comb. All right. We have an open line of day, five six seven, my decline. Yeah, that last syllable has to be really, really hard on that thing. Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the and Pond five, six, the. So I said a fat tub of crap before okay, and you got all excited about it. I said a fat effing tub. I'm glad that I did that. Okay, in fact, I think the next time I'll say the whole word. I'm, I'm tired of this repression this goddamn constipated country. And just like just, you know, if the American people are so consistent, it's just like what I'm talking about the scene at Walgreens last night. And yes, I am making a big timmace about it because it wasn't only this girl and her ineptitude and the pharmacist with his rather marginal attitude. The whole thing bothered me to the customers because they've been conditioned like a bunch of sheep to just stand there and stand. They're like, not even get the slightest error. You know, they're getting agitated. They just don't want to show it. And I used to be one of those people that was like very, very low key, very quiet. Go ahead, never want to make waves in a store like that. But you know, I said to her, is this I'm candid camera? Is this a joke? And that's not the first time I've used that line. I've used that in other places too. Like if they're just absolutely ridiculous and they keep you waiting and they can't get there acting together. I'll start looking around. Where's the camera? We've got to be on candid camera. This can't be for real. Nobody could be this stupid and that could be. And the sheep, they just stand there and they stand then. Instead of saying, hey, how about getting somebody over here that knows what they're doing? So there's an old line, you know, in life you get what you deserve. So if you jackasses are well as sit there and take that for service, then you OK? Just like the morons in the macarine with a go-to. You can't see. Wow, we don't want to make waves. You know, that meal. He's just still got a big mouth. What a bunch of pussy's we got here. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. I'm from the West Coast. I've been going to Vegas for years and years. And the two places that I think are the best service are. I don't know if you ever sit as a desert in. No. But they treat you like a king there. I think desert in and then the start up. I think they're only two privately owned hotels. I like to start us, but they have that one wing that's older than, uh, sort of in sawdust that the first thing I would want to stay in there. But that our restaurant in the start of the William B's is excellent. Stay house, yeah. That's good. Yeah, they also have a good buffet in there to start us. If you don't kids the long line, it's pretty good. That's great. It's OK. It's fair. I'll try to go play. I love is, uh, which is back open again. Now what's the, uh, the, uh, diner they have at a house? I mean, you know, yeah, that's an even rough house diner from the start of the. Huh? There's a, the diner, the old, the old diner. Yeah, the old is called Ralph's. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they got good food in there. Because they had that place closed down for a while. They were redoing it, but the last time was there was opening it. I love Ralph's. That's a good place. Yep. That's a good hotel. I'll tell you, you could do it. A desert end is, is there? I don't ever stay at the Rio Sleets? No, but I've gambled in there a few times and, uh, they've taken my money. I, uh, it's feeling too low in there. Yeah, I don't like to do it. I don't like to do it. I don't like to do it. Looks like this, uh, size of the studio. Yeah, I don't know. I don't get, I like, I like the MGM. They treat you real good there. Right. And, um, and Caesar's pal, and I'm like, right there you go. Not to gambling, but just to go into eating, you know, and the top and lose a lot of, you know, spend a lot of money. Classic. Right. Okay, pal. Thank you. See you on the strip. You got to go. I don't say strip those cops will be down here no time again, the BSL. Oh, it's another one of those, uh, strip clubs. Then the one who's got them, uh, swing your places. Let's rate a guy damn thing. You think the Europeans were laughing at us with the, uh, penis gay stuff. If they read about this kind of crap, they would just, uh, what their pants. They'd be calling you an anilison every half an hour for a refill on the depends. They're rating swing clubs. Oh, my God. They must, they must, they must have cut down shooting everybody over there in America. No, just to do this on a spare time. Make it look good. Like those tickets they're going to be writing for not wearing your seatbelt. Yeah, it makes it look like they're really keeping a safe. You're not fooling anybody with a brain. I'll tell you that sunset. No, you're not fooling me with your seatbelt, full crap. And guess what, I'm not wearing them and I'm not going to wear them. Come tell them, it's damn their children. Okay. I want to be in the gym. And I can get the test. Now I'm sorry. You can't get the test. I'm just not in the front porch. I'm just going to tear down my back. 14 shippies. I'm on the chest. I'll drink that beer. Never get full. Oh, they love them. That's a tractor. So, plans all home. Everything's about Saturday. Some when I'm married, Max. He wants to have a wedding as a voter. How does that thing? That's got a flat night. Almost bad. At our night, I'll just buy a double. One. I'm going to open a junkyard. And 16 dollars and 30 cents. So, I'm going to get some bucks. I'll make a review. Oh, that's true. I need to give it to my wife. And in the 45, we like to go to this. And that's not what I'm going to do. I'll tell you, okay. And I think forward to read them. So, I'm going to be a four. I hate them. So, I'm going to make me notice no shoes. Don't you sure? No service. I love idols. A chill girl. Richard, peddney, and big phone phones. Sister's for her own. My mother is a little bit. And when you're just doing your part, for her, she's a little bit. I'm 32 at 560, W2M, we have two open lines in date. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the lady in sunrise, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. I had a contact dermatitis called by the spring and my lawn. And the dermatologist wrote no substitution on the prescription. Right. And I went to a Walmart and they filled it wrong. And when I said to the Walmart, he filled it wrong. She said, what difference does it make for a sunburn? Oh, my. She said that. She said that. So, I went to the manager. He said, what difference does it make for a small market? First sunburn. I said, I'm not all white people. It's a sunburn. When in their faces red. I went to the manager. He had a me in $10 card. Yeah. To get merchandise. I handed it back to him. So, I want the prescription right. Yeah. He called her up. And I said, I want you to come with me. I thought I don't want to deal with either of them. Both are more black. The pharmacist and the clerk. Uh-huh. And he came with me. And she was on the phone yelling at my doctor saying, you don't know any better. You have to write medically necessary. She was yelling at the doctor. The yelling at the doctor did not know any better. The doctor had a right medically necessary. That no substitution is not what you write in Florida. Well, she had doctor. Just some bits of filling prescriptions in her Walmart. Just some bits. I'm going to bet you. And I'm waiting there. I now have a fever. I know what I ended up doing. I got the prescription there. I had an internal prescription. He said if they got really bad. But I noticed with the same one, my cat was taking. And my dad filled things right. So I took it. I called the vet up and said, can I have some more? Yeah. And I took the prednisone that my cat was supposed to take because I got so annoyed. I want to go back and have a fill there. And when I called the insurance company and complained, she called Walmart. She had me as a tour of today. Here with a fund burn. And a doctor from the European didn't know any better. Yeah. So you can't win it any of the pharmacies. Okay. Well, you're okay now, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I look at good lawsuit today. It's all gone. Thanks. The vet's medicine. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. Okay. Well, she's smeared it on her one. She said it was for her cat. We have an open line in, uh, Broward and two a day. Five six seven and she said it cleared it up. Five six seven. Five six and pound five sixty on the AT&T. Well, the slide. So this bitch calls up the doctor and bitches him out. I don't you like that. This is a bitch at Walmart. See, I mean, there's so many things with all each one of these transactions that are unacceptable on professional. I'll be back to pick it up at six. I get there a few minutes early, four or five minutes. And then this pharmacist, the same one I hand to the thing to, which supposedly the expert there, the pervert and the expert. He's like, uh, oh, yeah, well, you told me six. And I see there are, they're going through all these sheets of the prescription. So it's just sitting there. They haven't even started yet. And now they're calling out names. They got one other pharmacist, uh, standing back. There were overworked like crazy. And he's on the, uh, the, uh, the P.A. Calling Halalton and Schwartz and his, and none of these people are in the store. Meanwhile, there's a half a dozen of us sitting there out of waiting. Why not take care of the people who are there? I know that's a, a ridiculous concept. Yeah. I mean, you know, you can hire anybody off the street and stick them in a store. I mean, that, that takes no talent. Just a stick of body in there. But to stick somebody in, and it knows how to get people servicing to do a job, right? That's where it might take a little talent. Maybe some of our salespeople looking for a good job. That walled reins, huh? You're thinking each of them official on the side while they're waiting. There's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. Um, a business travel. I live in the land of white trash and old people Tampa Bank. Yes. Down here about every two weeks. So, good to have a look. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, sure. To get your, um, view on this rich redneck for a hot donor that we have up there. Everybody's up and all of the guys on the plate, straight month came in with this fire. But we don't care down here, sir. I know that it's taken me all the easier. And I still can't convince you guys that the people in South Florida don't care about Tampa. I do like that of tellers. I'll tell you that. It's still a little helpful. Right. But we don't care about the lighting. I know you got a real problem. You've got, I think the whole franchise is in tremendous jeopardy because they're not drawn a flies now. And I can't blame them. I mean, there's nobody coming to see that crap. And, you know, the, and then the worst news that I write was that S. I was trying to get a group together to buy the team to, and if he comes back, you're really finished. He's an awful minister. He's a nightmare. Actually, I'm a dollar devil. And I did. And I've had some of those been traded away. What do you want to come back to anyway? Oh, a lot of awful. What do you where? I think, uh, I think the franchise. Somebody said to me, nice to witness it. Well, maybe they had a try minor league hockey and say, I said, they already are. Of awfulness. You know, and I go because I love how I like you. I love that. But that's not a team. I mean, that's an embarrassing. It's great. Okay, you're doing joy with you. You've got a tidy up that against the islanders who aren't having a party. I've got a great day. So thanks to Corey Slob. I saw some of that game. You know, they're after noon, money after noon. I know you're not watching it because you're not into what you're like. You know, you have no idea what you're missing. So many of the people in this town are so adamant and so narrow minded. You know what you're missing? You're missing the good stuff. You watch it above you. A bunch of these big seven-foot sparks are jammed. A basketball. And you think that's a sport wrong. Not even close. You're not even close. I think it's not a basketball. Like Michigan State. There you go. That's a ball game. But this NBA crap man forget it. Why you've wasted your time. And a heard Hank. Nice going, Hank. Was ripping a crap out of this American Airlines Center that they built four blocks away from the old place, the White elephant. And he's right. Everybody in the world is laughing at us. Oh, gee, they were afraid to go to the other places because it's in a bad part of town. But we'll build this place for Mickey and the team four blocks away. Like that's going to make a big difference. But I would mind Hank and others that all talk about putting a baseball stadium down. And Tom would pretty much be in that same area. Does anybody want to go there? No. Does it make sense to stick it there? No. Is it convenient for most of the people to live in the tricode area? No. No. But anyway. They just keep pushing and pushing and pushing because it's good for the Harold. It's good for Mickey. Eris and it's good for carnival cruise lines. And I say screw all of them. I'm dying here in the butt. I'm sitting so we're walking down. I've been home crying in my bed. I turn up the TV because it's in the middle of the world. I turn up the TV because it's in the NBA. It's in. We'll ride the new to one. Why don't you practice that to three throw the one. The new to help the problem. Yes, it's getting long and far away. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's so hard for that money. Oh, man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got to be one of my feet. Maybe I'll be a man. Oh. She waited for a couple died. I gave her hair cut in the same on the fan. No. Oh. We're riding a new jump. So hot. Jump. And you can drift without the new to drive. You gotta help the driving. Help the new along with that money. Yeah. You can do it. Yeah. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Yeah. You can do it along with our money. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One, forty, three, five, sixty, WCU, and the Hank Goldberg share from Shula State 2 coming up into a clock. Six o'clock. We got big fat. Luke Shombie, sixth aid. Yes, you know we can talk because that lost 13 pounds in Anker's lost 30. So we can say big real fat book Shombie, maybe in various similar losing like 70 Rady Ponspera start. Then we got skinny and camp them with all the gambling stuff 10 o'clock to that. Oh no, we don't. We got the pants and freaking. I'm sorry. Pants and freaking with eight pants is at Dallas. Eight thirty nine. I'm trying to block that out of my mind. It could be real. Okay. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm Neil. I've been in Alamacro. I'm there. You talked about the orgasm police in Alabama. No. I heard it on the move this morning that they, the legislature in Alabama passed the law. Yeah. That any device that gives you an orgasm is now going to be illegal. Like your hand, you know, a hole. Talk to Rocket. Yeah. I'm electric drill. Woodpecker. What, how would they go on the floor? I mean, you know, anyone that has extra pocket rockets, right ahead to Alabama? I'm sure they're going for a lot of money. The real fact bad news ever had stories about the guys doing that. And one of the things, you're absolutely right about lack of service in these stores. I think that's why I build a square when it went out of business. Yeah. I've had such bad service in me. I'll told these people, you know, what are you going to do when this place closes? And you don't have a job. And they say, you're in a fake or closed. And in college. Hey, listen, when I had remembered I had that toilet seat problem a few weeks ago. And I wanted to build a square where I was by the saw grass, which in the unbeknownst to me was on a verge of closing. And I'm long. I must have walked 42 miles in there and still couldn't find a damn thing that I wanted. But you know what, the further north you go in this state, the better the service gets. I have the friend, move to Orlando. Yeah. And I couldn't believe that he needed some things to the new house that he moved into. And we went into a, now it built a square home depot. Right. And this employee took us to every single area in the store. Thank God. I got a lot of home depostock. Thank God for that. Yeah. And in closing, people, low job is in sex and you must be a virgin. Okay. So anyway. No. What is that story? Anything any advice that will force a man to have an orgasm is illegal in Alabama? How about that banjo on your knee? Yeah. Because if you played too hard, you know, in the banjo too. We have an open line of day five say see this, this uptight business with orgasms with sex would like a little in, like you know, here on the dress on the, you know, on the land post overnight or the name of that song, because you're chewing does your orgasm lose its flavor on the land post overnight? Who did that? Wilson pick it. I don't know. Wilson pick it. You can't out of here. You wouldn't know. Wilson pick it from Bobby Boris pick it. And the monster mesh. Does your chewing. Lony, uh, uh, lot of, a lot of getting to finish it. Lony, Finnigan. Oh, this is good. I got the book. Hey, if I can come up with that one boy, that's, uh, does your chewing gum? That was all ridiculous. One of those silly novelty records. Let's see, does your chewing gum lose a lony dot again online? Oh, God. What a freaking genius, huh? And why I'm am wasting my time doing this? Well, I know Lony doesn't get it. I'm wasting my time talking about what you're bozos. Here's a mobile in Boko. Hello. Yeah, a mobile mobile. A paper, not a mobile phone. Like I said, there's a pay phone in Boko. Unbelievable, though. My, I ran out to my Mercedes and I was like, I hate the book. It's a phone in the car. I want the keys in. I'm in my mobile home. I wasn't paying my phone, though. So I ran down to the black area. I'm going to pay for it anyway. But not bad. The good news is it's not a bad pay phone. Can I go to the store? The guy from Alabama? Yeah. True. Well, I was in Alabama two weeks ago. There were a lot of meat markets, rat-ups, liver. No liver sale window on windows. Yeah. I don't know. That's what I heard anyway. I didn't see it actually. Yeah. Listen, I got to story about the fast food counter. In Boko today this morning, give a girl $5 for a little more breakfast treat. And a nipple pennies in a few times. And 15 pennies and rest nipples and dimes took her five minutes. You counted three times. And I don't think anybody's mentioned about fast food restaurants. It's in my imagination, or is it, are they about 30 and super slow? I mean, you go into these areas. I mean, this restaurant is in Boko, but it was all, how do you say African? Holy old. Oh, just the smarts. Just discussing dirty every time I go into one that's run by those people. It's discussing dirty. And they're always super slow. The services. I mean, they apparently walk around. They're getting even with you, sir. They're getting even. Okay. We have an open line day. One in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, we love our, all everybody. We love everybody. At least if they got an IQ bigger than their thumb. But when you're dumb, rhymes with thumb. And we don't dislike you, but don't don't get a job. You know, go out and panhandle. Listen, I can't stand panhandle. But do something. Get an education. Get a brain. Get a freaking brain. Don't listen to these more on Dennis radio station. Giving it a phone. You've alone about how you're all going to play in the NBA and the NFL. And you know, there's only like so many teams. They've only got 10,000 teams. That that was Reagan's deal. That's how Reagan was going to, you know, saw the problems in the black community and black unemployment among all the young blacks. We're going to have 25 million NBA teams. Well, guess what? Didn't work. It's a lie. It's a myth. Get a brain. Get an education. Go out there and get a job that means something. And even if you work at McDonald's, have a little pride, what do you do? And maybe you'll become like the assistant manager and end a manager. And you're like, why not up owning one or something? Get a brain. I'm not sitting here preaching for Christ. Just being dumb. How can people go through it? And if your parents are dumb and a little bit say, hey, guess what? Mom and dad, you're dumb and a little bit. But I'm going to talk like a real person. I know that comes to the shot to you, but don't ask me no questions. God, it's just that it's part of the whole syndrome and in this country. It's just that the American fucking way. We're all paying a price for it. I just can't deal with it. Especially out in my neck of the woods. When I go into a goddamn seat when they build a place that's close to you, they expect to have a big clientele because there are a lot of people that live out there. And it's convenient. That's right. It's convenient for all the people that live in that hood. And I live in that hood. So I go to that particular Walgreens. And it's convenient for me, even though they give me much better service on a one and Groward Boulevard, which is another mile and a half away. And they know me in there. They treat me great. Now, you used to go there for years, but it's convenient. So when I go there, I expect to go in there and not be treated like a celebrity or like, oh, it's the arroggings. No, just like a customer that spends a lot of money in there. Is that possible? No. How are you spell out again? Give me that one more time. If you want to say it, give me that one more time. One more time. I would have punched the right of a plus. I'm telling you. I would have jumped right over the counter and punched the right of a plus. Unacceptable, honey. What was that first name again? Slimey.