Think about it, Joe. Sports radio 560 WGQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Rodgers Show, who taught the Neal called 560-560 toll free for David Broward or Count 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal his guest, Pauler's, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Now, Neal Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QAM. It's Friday, you first hear. Hey, what's he has up here? Don't be coming down, don't be sad, I don't know what a puns ain't happy today. Oh, great to hear the Hey Rich Harle across the USA. But the corner, what is this I hear? Just try and value who? There's a bunch of squares again in this year who says that I wish to follow God, that I'll see you at the last of course your game. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, a lot of demarction upon things happy day. You can be a bummer, bucket of scum and straw and that's okay, but yet I have to be a rich it's a great thing. Now the order of Hey Barronians, both eminence is great. I've delivered this pronouncements upon the Blessed Day. Sure, all with who bit half heaven fall and nestles in the sea. What's your going straight to help a homeless actuality? Oh God, I'm so happy I wish that life is an event. It's a festival of the past. It's never been short of them. You can be sings in Drunk and Harle and chunks will laugh at all away. But your time's be a richity, okay? No. No, your time's be a richity, no. Don't even try to be an a richity, no. 1002 at 560 WQA, I'm happy Friday, Tua. Oh man, we got some heavy duty stuff today, yeah. We're loaded. We're full of it. Hey, how's that term in coming out there? The golf slash cocaine term in Kimbobo, Kimbobo, Can't believe it's going to be out there for rank. I don't, is Hank on vacation or what? Do we know? No. He just out there in Vegas. Probably a pludgeon is bringing out getting laid. Have a good time. But anyway, Kimbobo's going to be on there. And then appropriate day for Kimbobo, can't put it beyond. From the Honda golf classic, the golf slash cocaine, or classic from to the six. You want to know why it's appropriate day for him to be on? Because you get a big write up here from Tom Jika. My close per, and by the way, that must have been some game lives, that huh? I didn't see it. I was at the track. I like, you know, in between losing and I mean losing it to track. I saw a little bit of that panther game. Pretty combatoist for quite a while. But the important thing is just when you come out, just when you thought they were out, somebody drags him back in. Because... Ray, what the ass of pair? And scored the winning goal again last night. And a desperate to the one-winner, Washington. So the camp's are basically pretty much up. Nice going there, Panthers. Exactly. But anyway, so Tom Jika's got a big thing in here, part two of which is largely about Kimbobo camper. He's buying, don't break it. No, not Bo Camp or Jika. But the first part, well, he's, you know, why he's going to channel four and what a great guy. He is a weird, great. We love Kimbobo camper. Oh, I love it. Here's the one guy that didn't suck Jimmy Johnson's ass, which never will forget that. We love Manditch. But Kimbobo camper was in a class of his own, taken on Jimmy Johnson and holding his feet to the fire. Nice going, Kimbobo. Yeah. All these ass suckers we got around here. But anyway, so the big story here with Tom Jika. Because I saw that picture in a paper this morning. I'm sitting there on the, oh man, and when I saw this picture in really, it worked like crazy. Have you do it? It's Ugobuga. It's not called Mikey. Oh, he's gonna tell you about the dentist by the way. But anyway, so it's Uncle Mikey. I told him we're loaded today. Load it for bear. And there's the picture for Niri who, you know, you know, something about him. He's like dick Clark. Not that he looks young. It's just that he never gets older. You know what I'm saying? He just never changes. I worked with the Niri for about eight or nine years over there at IOD. And he like get air of me from the time I got there. To, of course, you know, something there are some people who will be embombed before that. You know what's going to be for they put in the body? Yeah, I think maybe that's what's done it. He's well preserved from the inside, Mikey. But at any rate, it says a familiar voice in soft photo radio. And by the way, you're hearing about it right here at Hayn. No one of those morning guys is starting to get real nervous. The paranoid depot. It's not bad enough. They got to pull it up with Rick and Suds who've already made some serious inroads in the first trend. As we reported exclusively here on the show. The other day. Now, Mikey comes back and even though it's a Palm Beach station, nevertheless pretty good signal and Howard. Right? No. Yeah, they do. A familiar voice in soft photo radio, be heard again starting Monday, Mike Rinerie. A morning drive presence. Since 1975 in this market, I've got a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. But he needs to put food on the table. He's coming back. Will resurface a WJNA formally WJNO? What is that about JNA? What did they do then? They switched those four minutes like a year ago or so? What format are the call letters? WJNA 1230, which is in Palm Beach County, which I used to work there as a matter of fact. Look at that. He's been in this markets in 75. I worked at JNA in 75 in Palm Beach before I came to Miami. How do you like that? But anyway, Rinerie was a fixture in IOD for more than 17 years. His firing in 1992 is the station opted to pursue youthful demographics all our boy Gary, or that boy Gary. What a piece of craft he was. He was a real nerd. His firing in IT and they didn't even let him say goodbye. Let's go back to that whole thing again about poor machinery. He may not have the youngest demographics in the world. He may have the greatest entertainer in history mankind. He may not be like, you know, as exciting as the chic. Or Greg, or some of those other guys. He's dependable. What you hear is what you get. Show us up every day. Give you the weather. Give you the fishing report. Give you the all-manac. Give you today in history. Give you a heartburn. Give you some good stuff. He's okay in my book. Called in here by the way, on my anniversary. Allegedly, congratulations on 23 years. But also to plug the fact he's coming back. That's okay. Thanks Mike for thinking about us. And you see it worked, you're right. So what did it say? His firing in 1992 was the station after the pursue youthful demographics. Mark the beginning of WID declined from one of the strongest, most branded AM stations in the nation in the nation. To a weak sister in the Miami Fort Lauderdale market. The station tried several formats and personalities after when he was departure, but was unable to match his audience. In fact, all around town and every survey they did, they used to get one response after when he reelected. And after I left the Zalphans and everybody got blown out. When they'd ask about that station, everybody in this town would say, WID. Oh, I hate that station. The station tried several formats and personalities after when he was departing, but was unable to match his audience. And it's separate through its loss of status. WID was sold twice along the way at Lauderdale. And the dolphins, and an interesting the order that Tom Jick put those in. Not alphabetical order, by the way. Are you following this? It lost Neil Rogers in the dolphins. The two strongest audience magnets in South Florida. Eventually the station, which gave Larry King his start. And in its glory days was known as the home of the great entertainers. Had its format changed to the current all news. After leaving WID, when he reshifted his base to Waxy for five years. He was there for five years. Huh? Is that possible? Because he was a year off IOD. I mean, almost to you. And that was the nice going over there, guys. Even a better deal than I got. Although not as much money. But nevertheless, they signed him into a new deal. And unlike Tom on the way to the can of his ass and paid him off for like a year. But he didn't work like ten months of or eleven months. Where did he go? Nice going Bob Neil. Nice going Bob Green. How's your old one? I don't think that was Bob Green. Wrong. Really? Wrong. I remember the morning he called me and said, I decided to make a change. I decided to make a change. Don't you remember out of Friday morning? And here Mike E. O. is putting on that old, the plastic purple jacket. That he brought the town in 75 from Cleveland or wherever he came from. And had his thermos full of coffee or whatever. And his flask. And somebody came down and said, Oh, uh, got a minute. And this business that's always the word. No, seriously, when they give you that little thing with a finger like a Come here, come on, come on. Got a minute. And as soon as somebody says, got a minute, you know. Yeah. Oh, by the way, the Dow is trying to make ten thousand today. And it's not going to do anything for me. And what's what the Dow is off to a big star. You know what's holding it back. It's caterpillar. I'm never going to go to that stock. It was yesterday 50 and almost 51. I bought it 55 and I'm thinking, Oh, my God. This morning, the first thing they're all you for. Wouldn't they have a shot of 10,000 a day? What are they talking about? Little Maria Bartiroma. Oh, I'll, canter power hasn't opened yet, but they just reported crappy first quarter earnings. And they're going to take another. Here every time I think I can get out, they suck me back in like Mark McClecourt, or the only. I can't get out of that piece of crap stock. Come on. Go on. Buy some tractors. Will you? We're still about 75 points away from 10,000, but I'm going to keep my eye peeled on that because boy, the people on CNBC will be partying in their pants if I'm close to 10,000 a day. If we should just like sneak over it. I'll get back to the binary story. And then we got the new time story. I got the Dennis story. Oh, we're just loaded with crap today. So we got to go for a big county. Oh, sorry. Well, smelly niche introduces a definitive lecture for the annual exchange. For pieces of the species series. Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you the most exotic animal dropping collection of their little kids. Our annual due to replicas are handcraft of the finest future. Order today and your first two will arrive in two years. Classic couch. Ah, and real, you can almost nest. No more attention to the taste. And really, may that be a normative of the elephant and the cuteness of the body would be ordered today. And you'll receive our special birds in. See what it looks like before a hit your winch. The appart of this powerful move has no time to wait. The cold night. The species of the species collection is going on. The 15 at 5.60 WQM after leaving WIOD. Renery Schifthed is based on Waxie AM790 for five years. He's been off the air since October having been unable to reach a agreement on a new deal with Waxie. Because of course, so we know who stabbed him in the back. Don't worry. Don't worry. Oh, yeah. But anyway, Renery had been buying the time on the brokerage station and selling his own advertising to cover expenses and compensation. He will have the same arrangement with WJNA who sent no extends throughout Brown and Palm Beach counties. His news show will differ only slightly from the format he's used throughout his professional career. He'll only be allowed to say, UGA BOOGWET twice an hour. The folks he host will chat about things that impressed him. The days had lines, pop culture, sports, fishing, the birthday list. What about Rogers Entertainment report? No. Oh, that year, you're doomed now, Mikey. No, Rogers Entertainment report. What about Henry Beer? Oh, I'll get to that. There will also be a smattering of music and a collectic blend of two loons, favor by the former disjockey and a collectic blend of two. What does that mean? A collectic blend? Come on Tom, get your ass out of the clouds. Okay, sweetheart. An eclectic blend. How about an eclectic blend of sports? I mean, what can what does that mean? Fact is Renery's new program will probably have a bit more music than his audiences been accustomed to getting from him. Henry Beer? Oh, who stabbed him in the back? Was association with Renery dates back to WIOD and other supports staff as in Roger. I'm stabbing everybody in the back. I can't naggle him. We'll not be within this time. By the way, I'd sure like to produce your show, Neil. Let's fire George, I'll work from six in a morning till midnight if I have to. So I can get everybody else fired. Yeah, we never really dwalt on that very much about Roger because, you know, once a pot of Tom used to like him for about, yeah, that's too long about five minutes. Huh? Five seconds? He was kind of annoying when you come right there. I had a annoying when you come right down to him. Hi, Hans, I'm, I'm, I'd like to wait that when Henry, Beard, oh, called in that thing. He was talking about what a mevan Roger's effect. It's a tight contest between Rick Rally and Roger Magalin, who's the a big stock market guru. I guarantee you one of the neither one of them, but no catapult stock. Thank you. I'll thank the Lord for home depot. Oh, it's Jesus. Anyway, they will not be within this time. The support staff. At the O.J.s would say the back stammer. They stated, waxy, he worked out a deal of their own. Now, see Tom, it's interesting you put that in there. And I guess you don't want to go beyond that. You know, our ruffle too many feathers. But we found out here that day on my anniversary show on the first of March on the pre-ides of March. And then when René recalled, then he confirmed it and actually had a few almost caustic things to say about Henry Beard. Oh, and some of those other former associates who worked out a deal of their own. In other words, they couldn't work out like, here's Mike René, okay, it's the Mike René show. He's got like his side kicks underlings, whatever they are. Wasn't a Henry Beero show. Wasn't a Roger Mangle and so I mean, not that they had gigantic numbers, but whoever was tuning in, there was a tune in here, René. Right? Of course. And for some strange reason, they were able to work out some financial deal. Like René said, the Henry's got some kind of an angel somewhere with a lot of cash behind him. Or maybe he just robbed a bank. And so they, so anyway, basically René resetting this trademark low key manner, it's going to be, wah. Which he doesn't know a few words in French, you know that right? Like, probably, who Gabuga? A few of them. Wah. Gonna be him in some music. And I was going to make you a line it on your freedom. Okay, because here's another guy. Ben screwed over, never, never damaged anyone that I know of. You want to say it? Never was stirring up trouble. He was out the door 10 o'clock in the morning, which I liked. I just like I'm out the door 2 o'clock or sooner, if possible, I mean, out the door like a shot. That's the way it should be. Never hung around stirring up a lot of crap. Backstabbing people, making a lot of problems. Being a yenta, not of that crap. Good guy in my book. He's okay, and I hope that I hope he, you know, something like I started the same before. Since I'm dragging this out as long as I can. And obviously, I'm doing a good job of it. I mean, here's a guy he's on there now. And his follow by whatever it is. They're going to like pick up, okay? I bet you're like maybe, you know, maybe a couple of thousand people. I would say like five, six thousand people. Listen to the worst team now waiting for renewing to come back. They're going to be on Jan. In fact, the people live in Dane who want to hear renewing. Don't want most young up into Brower. You know, huh, have breakfast? What? What are you laughing about? So go to the Miramar diner, have some breakfast. It's right on the board of there. They can pick up Jan. 12 30 on your AM dial. And of course, the people that like Rick and Sads were on the morning on 940 on AM dial on stupid talk. You know, I was thinking this morning. What? I was shaving. I had just read this article in the paper. I'm saying, or shaving, I'm thinking, God, Pete Bolser's even dimmer than I thought he was. Wouldn't it have made all the sense in the world to put renewing an INZ on stupid talk in a morning? Leave Rick and Sads in the afternoon where they were starting to build pretty good. They were doing great. They were doing a hell of a lot better than they'll ever do in the morning. I mean, that's, I'd be shocked if they do better in the morning than they're in the afternoon act. That was their niche. Renerian in the morning and of course, is demographics are a little older. Would you be perfect for that geriatric crowd? That was Mr. Dr. Laura and Lardass, Fatass, right? We're not see Limbaugh. And then, you know, Rick and Sads were their younger demographics in the afternoon. Would have been great, Pete, but you're an asshole man. You know nothing about anything other than stabbing people in the back. I wouldn't be surprised if Pete Bolser elokes with Henry Burrow and Roger Magdalene before the years are. I could be wrong, but I don't think so. I'm actually made in heaven those three. And then, Jacob goes on WFOR channel four turns to radio about J. Alexander from Tixet 6 and Y100. He's going to be entertainment report and stay on Y100 and he's Cuban and Bavit. And then he goes on with a lengthy thing here about Kim Bol camper. And I'm going to tell you, Tom, you've written a lot of things over the years, but you are right on target here. This is a paragraph that is absolutely correct. It says also making WFOR's permanent roster as former dolphin Kim Bol camper will double the Instagram role as part time sports talk host on QAM. Bol camper is a sterly example. Now, listen to this because Jick is right for once. Bol camper and also about me being the most important person in the world. He was right about that. Bol camper is a sterling example of a former athlete who refused to rely on his name while trying to build a post football career in broadcasting. When he began as a talk host on WFOR, he was so awkward. He was so awkward. He was difficult to listen to. Yes, right. He was awful. Through hard work in diligence in preparation, he's developed a way solid professional who doesn't suck any cottage cheese ass, especially Jimmy Johnson. There you go. And it's true. And the beginning of Bol camper, he was as wooden as Al Gore. I mean, he was just bad. He would be bad. Now, he's come along great on his own. Certainly, certainly, would no help from our programming department here. That's for damn sure. With no total of your guidance or instruction, he's just, you know, worked his all way into it. Use whatever he's got to be tween his ears. So when I've gone Kim, I'll be on to the six for Hector Saffronon from the Honda golf and Croquet class. Okay, that's extra of that. So when are he coming back? Anybody's psyched about that? Okay, that's our pull question. Do we have more interest in the Panthers winning that big game in Washington last night? Or when you're coming back to J&O? Now that's a tough one. Huh? You think there's much interest in either one? No, no, seriously, that's the pull question today. Are you all whipped up and fired up? The Panthers got 65 puts. How about those maple Leafs? By the way, we're going to hockey just for a second. Don't get panicky. I got a listener who's down here part of the time. We'll listen to Toronto. Get a letter from La Toronto, eh? From Terry. How's it going, eh? Send me the sports L. Strakins, a column on hockey from Sunday's March 7 last Sunday's Toronto sun. Well, what a newspaper greatest newspaper in the North America. Toronto sun. I love the Toronto sun. I'd like to have an orgasm all over the Toronto sun. That's a serious, I'm just, I love the Toronto sun. So anyway, they got, you know, about Trevor Lyndon's socks. I told you that the island is going to dump him. He's a stiff. But anyway, the top five list. Five ways to make hockey more popular in the deep south. Number five, referred to time outs as pit stops. Number four, name at least one. I mean, the one expansion team, the Aggies. Number three, players must assume Bob is a middle name as in Yarislaw, Bob's Savosti. Two, cell seats in groups of three, the pickup truck special. And number one, players not allowed to wear their dentures in public. Oh! Where used to make hockey more popular in the southeast, something. I mean, we, you know, drug good crowds. But like I said, they're just asses filling up seats. And in some cases, asses too big filling up seats too small. Like baby seats, because we need your money. Now we get to some really good. How's that down doing, by the way? We still get about 75 points to go for 10,000. It's real. Yeah. Never a time man. Or they like to say it is crunch time. When I hear somebody say crunch time, I feel somebody out of crunch them in the face. That's one of the worst cliches. Oh, now it's crunch time. Oh, by the way, speaking of crunch time, I go to the track last night. Lose my ass come home and John's watching the, weber state north Carolina NCAA basketball game. And you know, I've like, soured and basketball day NBA. Forget it. I will not watch that crap. College basketball occasionally. There's some pretty good games. And that was I haven't, I haven't seen a sporting event like that in a long, long time. Weber state. I mean, people laugh at that school just because it's spelled W E B E R. But nobody knows how to pronounce it there. So instead of Weber state, all these years have been called at Weber state. Nobody corrected them. It would be in polite. Weber state. This is always the big hope. You know, and the NCW is that the little schools like, you know, Gonzaga, which being a team that had 85 of its members sitting out because they're, you know, corrupt and suspended and stuff. But at any rate, uh, unbelievable finish. I saw the last eight minutes of that game. It's only took about 40 minutes by the way. But just fantastic. I was screaming. I was, I mean, not as exciting as that Panthers are bossing game. I was pretty damn entertaining. Nice going Weber state. Okay. We'll get to the team. We'll get to the new times. We're now worried we get this. Do we know or something just facts this to us? Thanks. Oh. Thank you whoever facts this to you. Think from the new times. Oh, it's from the new times. Like I said, that's for you. What about the change some of the person all over there? Some of those hard ass pseudo intellectuals that used to work there. He did me like poison. Hope they're, hope they're living under an overpass. I hope they're living under 395. Those people that used to win. It's safe. It's my every child. I was five to two. WQA. Welcome to the end. Get a little bit of it. I want it in and out. I can't get back to Spain. I can't let it was lame. I can't get back to Spain. J'ai leit, I was lame. J'ai leit, I was lame. J'ai leit, I was lame. But I gotta do something. I need to be some of you. So it's not a story at all. Now you're laughing in my eyes. And it's making me crawl all in your arms. Even though you're not feeling in my arms. You're down in the room in the day on the floor. I try to go in the China high, so I can give you a watch. You're in the bottom of the floor. Wanna feeling in the night? I won't let you go to change. If you're making a deal. I won't make another deal. Wanna combat it in growth, baby. Cover my control. Your angry, I'm rude. We don't have a friend go. I don't have a friend go. I don't know a lot of babies tonight. I'm tired and I don't want to tell them all. But what if they're both willing to lie? So wake you up in the corner. Follow me on call. I know I'm not getting up with you. So I'm not going to lie. It's been a little fun. But what don't go blind? I can't sit in the night. Get a minute. Get a minute. Get a minute. I can't sit in the minute. I can't sit in the minute. I'm going to be a little bit more interested in the next episode. I'm 32 at 5.60. If anybody can't buy the WF Joe Costello's in the building and listening, I...we just had a call from Corey Sabin upstairs who said, I don't have a bonus, but okay. I'm really embarrassed for Joe. Joe's a great guy, Joe Costello. Kind of like wanders around the building now looking for an identity. But nevertheless, so this morning when he was in there with George before the show, I just just to annoy him, just to get his react and boy, do I know how to press his button or what? So I came on the intercom, and I said, you know, Corey, I was wrong about Corey. I give him a 9. He's really a good looking guy, and Joe Costello likes to, and I'm not getting Apple plugged in. He's got a big ball spot, he's a guy in his 20s, he's got a ball spot. What does that mean? Is that real? It's the real Steve Nickel? Yes, Neil. Oh my god. Tell me you love me. Come on. Okay. Where are you? Actually, I'm sitting in the parking lot at the built-in work, getting ready to place some golf. Oh, God. The else I got is a good co-cater in my good, I'm under the roof. Steve Nickel, I was listening to, I was not going to enjoy his golf. He was a flask along with him. I was listening to that thing in the morning, that morning show thing that they have on your station. That thing, yeah. And I was wondering how many more days will it take before depot finds one of those golf pros to stick a nine iron somewhere where gold, what's his name? Jelding? Jelding? Yeah. Oh, unbelievable. Yeah, God. So how are you doing? I'm doing great. I have a variety of ailments, you know, but as you know, I mean nothing made you just annoying, you know, stress, a lot of stress from weaness business. What are you doing these days? Where are you now? You're in the Jacksonville. Oh, Jacksonville, not at the big ape. No. Across the street as it were. I wonder if I'll bring the grease man back now. These looking for a gig huh? You know they had him all up there on a station and he didn't make it. Really? Yeah. Yeah. There's just a lot of dark people in Jacksonville who are friends. I have to skip some in, but we can offend them. They'd a lot of publicity. If that's right. You're a little facie you on. It's not on the area. It's under construction. Yeah. Oh. Here's a Steve Nichol. This is the four of folks. He's the program director of my correct. No, I'm the general manager. He's a general manager. No. Oh, that doesn't exist yet. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you can ask George and I'm not because you know I'm the last person to be an asslicker in the world far from it. But I'll tell you this. How many times have I said to you, George, over the last 13 months, we should have Steve Nichol should be the PD is as poorly as he is. 156 times. And I think that's a week. That's 157 times a week. Our PD is a nice guy. But he's got a lack of Viagre problem in other words. It's limp and he just can't get it up. He's the most important guy I've ever met in my life. That's a bad deal. Yeah. That is not good. That's why that kid with the squeaky voices on the ear and the morning's going away. He must have naked pictures of Greg Green by the most. I know. That's got to have. How could that voice be on there? I think he's having too much sushi. That's just probably what it is. Yeah. I think that's it. He's getting a lot of ants. I know that. But that's be sure at the point. You know, even when that's like you boys, I'm getting a little off. Oh, man. Well, you felt like you're doing great. It's great to talk to you and to hear your show. Yeah. It's great. And now how long you're going to be here? I'm in for the weekend. Great. So we'll tear it up a little bit on the golf. You're going to go over and see Bob and Cheryl. I stopped by the other morning. It's a matter of fact. Did you? Yeah. Did they say be sure to give me a little bit kiss for us? No. Now, I'm going to hear a few days ago. They stopped by. Yeah. That looks like some sort of park avenue corporate suite up there. Isn't that a may-a-to-weird? You know something even in a broom closet there that got better equipment than what we have. If you came over here, you would cry. I mean, you couldn't believe the craft that they've, and of course, we had a threat to take them to court to get them just to build a studio here to temporary thing. They wanted me to do it out of a broom closet. I mean, these people are cheaper than the day is long. Yeah. Well, real. Welcome to the new world of radio. Okay. So I'm going to book it a crap. Well, good afternoon. Thank you, man. That was a good show. And we'll see you. Good luck in Jacksonville. Thanks. Bye. See you there, Steve Vickle. That's shocking. And that's... See, you don't like Steve Vickle. Is that what's that? I just said that cause I'm always going to be listening now just so you have to hate you. No, seriously. I mean, he's a complex guy. You know, he's like most people in this business, especially the ones that get into managers and he's very complex. He's got a lot of different things going on and a lot of different areas. He does. How should he's handled them, by the way? Well, that wasn't his baby. Don't worry about it. All you stuff, but you grow up already Christy gets so I mean everybody knows that. What was the guy's name that went to Washington that, uh, see, you want to think about IOD. We didn't have a bunch of people walking around who couldn't get lazy like an instrument. Seriously, if I looked like Cory and I was no matter what I was, I'd be getting all the action. I wanted... I wouldn't have to be overly over a couple of skanky strippers like we were telling me before. Point stars. Well, whatever, skanky is skanky no matter what that they were. I mean, you know, so what that says is other guys were getting paid to do them. That they'd had a pay and that's what we're doing. Something wrong there, Cory, there's something missing. And I'll tell you what, Joker. I'm really amazed, Joker still always jealous. A Cory saving. That should be the big thing that I still wish around the building. He thought you liked him more. Personally, I don't even know Cory. I love Joker still. He's a great guy. He's one of my favorite people in the world. He's a great guy. Got that big Roman nose. Huh? He's not a bad looking guy. I'll give him a body. I see now I don't want to do that. That'll kill him. That would put his spike through his heart. So usually guys get embarrassed when I do that. But around here, they're so used to it now that they're hoping I'll give them a big number. I only have a small number, I'm sorry. But that's the answer. I can Cory about a nine. He's a good looking guy who just can't get laid. I'll give you young ladies out there. Maybe even old ladies if you got some money. Cory saving is ready. He's ready for action. Oh, he came in here yesterday. He said to me, I wish I had a good rest at a girlfriend. Now maybe see the problem with Cory is people think he looks like he sounds like. He sounds on the air about 30 years older than he really is. Then he's got a much older voice. He doesn't look anything like he sounds like. Correct? I would agree with that. Yes. He sounds old. But he looks young and pretty good. Spide a watch, you'll just tell us. But he does have a ball of stuff. So let me ask you this. You think Joe Costello would like to change his nose. Otherwise, have Cory's face and so swap his nose for the ball. It's fine. We'll find out from Joe. No, he won't. I don't know that. He'll say that. But you wouldn't you really believe that. How about when I asked your Costello if he want to look like Brendan Varmer if he would be happy looking like that. Oh, no, no. It's too muscle-bound. You know, too, yeah. Right. 21B. Oh, and also by the way, here's a facts. Thank you for one of our real chronic faches, by the way. It says W.J. and is Jack Cole and Randy Rhodes. I'm Randy Rhodes. Wow, I'm really button. Sorry. And W.J. and A is Frank Sinatra and that King Cole and now Mike Reney. Oh, we're a Booga baby. I scorn, Mikey. All the old parts. We're hanging in there. Mike Reney. Steve Nichols. General Manager of a station that don't even exist. Adam Oysteve. How about he's making a lot of deals right now? Or in by the way, George. If he could make all those deals, his PD. Can you imagine as General Manager of a radio station? Huh? Oh, there are going to be a lot of people going to Vegas with Bob Lincoln and that station. Twenty-four, eleven and five, sixty. W.J. and how do you sleep? Or with what's your name? What was your name? That Vegas trip. Rocky, you're right, Andrea. It's Friday. You best. All day long. Monday through Friday. I have to put up with my boss. He isn't charged because of his title. He thinks he's smart but he isn't. John. When I punch in, he starts screaming. He says I'm 50 seconds late. Oh. And if I stop, he's like my forehead. He says he's gone and knocked my pain. What a pain. He's a bucket full of stun. He always bucked my stone. For five thousand bucks an hour. He's a freaking I'd like to tell him. When I just think this stupid can't enjoy. He's a freaking I'm gonna tell him. 40 hours. Monday through Friday. I've got my butt till I retire. Less of course. I can get fired. So I'll just tell him. He's a freaking he can't go and bite me. I'll just be burdened and so did love her. He's a freaking I's a piece of fire's name. Wow. I knew she was dumb but I'm really like she was that dumb. Okay. 10. 46. That was in the sea. I told you I got these psychic vibrations. I had that chewed up. The door opens and there's Greg Reed. Oh. Yeah. I'll get to my dentist now. We were really mentally intensive on the show. I had 748 different dental people. I wanted me immediately not sooner to rush to their office. I wanted to monkey around in my office. One of my mouth. But anyway before we get to that, thanks to our friends at New Times magazine. Oh, it's totally out of New Times. It's great for burning the, you know, on a cold winter's day up north. Start a good fire. Best radio personality. This is their, how can we don't have the whole issue? It's something to get that for us. Because you can't, it's not in the day one. It's in the Broward Palm Beach. One which of course being south of the border here. We don't get it. But anyway, best and worst is the issue they do over here. What's sitting like is going to be no one does soon to understand. Copycat. Best radio personality. New Rogers WQAMA. Oh God. 560 on your aimed even the Steve Nickel would agree. Oh, good. Now Steve likes deco they play an alternate. Oh, as a matter of fact, you know something you made to comment about. Defoe is not interesting. I wonder if Steve Nickel is soaking up with the, is the drinking buddy. But there's Jeff to force. Those two are as tight as two peas in a pod man. At least they were. I think they had little falling out when the toast. Steve, Steve there at the IOD in those last days. Remember that when Defoe came over here when Greg Reid was interfering with his contract? I mean, seriously. And Defoe didn't bother telling on a Friday. At least see that's the way the story went from Steve Nickel. Too bad we couldn't got to do them on together. Like when a rumor and Defoe run together. That was great. As Loret King would say that was almost great radio. Kind of like the worst team. Almost great radio. But at any rate, yeah, that was an interesting moment there when he expected Defoe to show up. And then Steve Nickel wound up doing sports talkers. There was nobody, Defoe just left them all in the bag. He's probably holding Defoe's bag out there in the course right now. What kind of, what iron would he like? So anyway, best radio personality. Neil Rogers WQ, what I want club. I'm sorry they don't say iron. I mean, I see you're showing your ignorance about golf. Thank God. Finally your reason to turn on A.M. radio again. It says, oh Neil Rogers, they self-proclaimed fat fag has no peers as far as work and certain peer rhymes with queer. His timing could have been better for returning to the airways after a seven month hiatus. It should say a seven-point month paid hiatus. Yeah. Resulting from his nasty spat with WIOD AM-610. Armed with a new million dollar contract. Yeah, right. Rogers took up his 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. timeslaught on WQM. Just in time for sexual hysteria to explode in Washington, in sports court, and he never missed an opportunity to launch a funny or at times profane insult. Rogers spent the year gleefully attacking the Republican party, branding Henry Hide and Kenneth Star Nazis more often than he hit the button through his trademark. Oh, sound bite. Rogers is also a welcome wilderness voice in relentlessly ripping Wayne Hypinga. The fact that WQM broadcast the play by play for the Hyzinga owned dolphins and Panthers merely eggs him on. Yeah. Let the marlins out of that by the way. Also, one's the marlins. Yeah. I guess we won't leave them out. We don't want to see too much about that. It's especially about Greg's listening. So that's the choice, not, and that's the choice of the new times people, which in the past, the always, you know, try to be a bunch of wise guys, pseudo intellectuals over there, you know, picking so much China. What's his name? China, Valets, Valets, Valets, whatever. I don't know who that is. Who plays jazz to a clock in the morning for a bunch of stones to intellectuals. Who don't even know what station they got on. But then, of course, the one that really counts is the reader's choice. Readers' choice? Yeah. Greg Readers and here reading this. He says, oh, the reader's who the reader's pick. I said, Galby. Did you know that Lou Ann Winick didn't know what a gelling was? She thought it was a Jewish word. He just told me that. Oh, sorry. Well, she's a fiddaker. A little bird just told me that. Huh? She thought Galby was a Jewish word for, that's puts. City folk don't get up to the country, but she and seen the horse. Boss, you probably never saw a rarer. Nothing. Huh? How's those bleeding oozing problems are always by the way? Those bleeding oozing stools. He had when we first came here. He's a good guy, by the way. We're a foster, great guy. Good voice, too. He should be, I'll tell you one thing. I'd rather have him doing some of the spots than those 10 year old interns we got on there. Recording commercials, school and our clients in the back. But hey, Lou Ann, don't care about that because she's busy listening to the show. Yo, this is the one great thing about this is I'm not going to moth one by one. And I'm where people in this building, I don't speak to anymore. Her, the water Nazi, although the food Nazi media, I'll work on that. He still speaks. Like that they came down here and big you not to play that fake orgasm thing. Because then they wanted to tell and feed them QAM. By the way, the great, when Greg was down here, he mentioned about when they're going to get a office phone for the AM studio up there for the sports shows. Did he mention anything about that? No, keep fasted. So it's appropriate I played that song. Seriously, he's not a bad guy, but he really is. I mean, he is so far shorter. But anyway, so readers, so I think around your statue, new times, nice going there. It is. It says the greatest talent in the world. Forget about Madonna, forget about Michael Jackson, forget about the Beatles, forget about the beach boys. Forget about Steve Tyler, forget about the Westbrook van breweries. And it even says, and I'm really proud of this. It says forget about pork Daniels. We're all prompted to do it. Come on, I want to see a bunch of calls on here now from people. Just make it up. From people who are going to be turning into a microrenewing now in the morning on JNA, 1230 on your AM dial. Get all the Broward people on there. I don't want people to get insecure or anything like that. We always already paranoid. I heard him say this morning something about how paranoid he is. Before I get the next CD and I play around the way to work. Something about how really paranoid he is. I mean, like I told him before anybody that's paranoid about my good friend, Jeprinner. I mean, come on. Jeprinner ain't going to be working on this radio station before. He's not trying to get your job anymore. I mean, 560 come on. Let's have a bunch of people. Just a couple of minutes here. Make it up. You love Mike Winnery. Even if you never heard of him. And of course he won't know. See, that's the deal. Be like a Greg B. Delting. He won't know if you're doing it just because I asked you to say it. Or if you really mean you're going to be listening to me. You're going to be listening to me. You're going to be listening to me. Starting this Monday morning, 12 30 on a AM dial because you want to relief from that worst thing with a high pitch squeaky voice and guilty too. And then we'll get to the dentist stuff. Well, I'm just loaded for bear today. Especially now that I found out what my probably, at least I think. I don't know. I've got several different things going on. All of them by the way related to stress. That's what I should be using that. That's what I'm using for when you call dialometres. Call 1800, MATG, RES. Leave off the last S because it stands for stress. Yes, right. Stress. Stress kills. And it is true. I was having a dream about this place. If you might say, go, I forget to go. And it wasn't a good one. It wasn't a score. It's not that kind. It wasn't about Zoltan. It was a really, I mean, screaming, shouting and yelling and hysterical. And there were as usual screwing things up. And we couldn't get on a year. And we just, the typical technical incompetence with the QA and with Greg Reed director set. So see, I mean, why would you go around building telling people that our sales manager is that dumb? I mean, I already know, you know, she's not too bright. But she never heard that she doesn't know what a gilding is. And she still thought it was funny. Even, yeah, it's like, you know, that's one of the miracles of this show. We don't have, we have like four Jewish listeners. The other people almost a bokeh. They're old. They died. That's what the paper the Harold said. Said all the Jews moved out. Believe it? No. That's what they heard once you'd believe though. Now, we've got replaced by Cubans. Oh, by the way, there's a big story about Broward. We'll get to that. But nevertheless, I can come on here and say, hey, Cox the voice. And the Graham love it. They don't know what it means. It means really take a good. This is what it means. Get it out of your system. Take a big fat. Cox the voice. They just like to sound of it. That's one of the great things about the English. The guilty isn't the other way. Well, he is, but the award isn't. Okay. The one. But he is circumcised. Something for you to keep in mind. Roy. What? She's interested in all of these things. This is what I hear. There's a mobile in candle. Load out a big micro-nary fan. Hello. I myself and my friends. We send in the balance for new times to put you as number one. Thank you, sir. And we also put in, of course, we put in Lorenzo's also. And for SM, we put there are no best talents on SM. Uh-huh. Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Nino. Yes, sir. Nino. This is a red-headed white human. That's against the Orioles going to Cuba. That's why I want to call you about. Because I, it's boring. Exactly. I mean, terminal. I think her is got orange here and he's going to really give a crap. But I'm Cuban. Oh. You don't see too many Cubans that look like book. Thank God. Are we sent them all back? To me, like, call you. I, I, I listen to you show every day. It's great entertainment. I really don't take everything serious. Uh-huh. I'm that chronic. So it's like I said it's entertainment. But uh, you like micro-earneter? Anybody want to mention micro-earnery this morning? I do. I'm never affected. Don't get that rush. I'm going to get down in front of date. No, when I went bust. That's why he needs your support starting Monday morning. I'm going to listen to him too. All right. Okay. I'm beginning to doubt now. You and Galby. Yeah. You got to get the guilty. You got to get the guilty kind of got to piss off the other day. And some of the things you were saying. I said, oh my god. Meals getting to him. Like what? I don't know what exactly what it was. But, you know, I didn't. I've never heard anybody take anything. You know, take a personal. But I said, this guy's getting a little bit perturbed about the things that Meals say. Oh, I'm coming. I'm coming. Yeah. I'm beginning to have a doubt myself if you're really dislikable. But just uh, entertainment. I don't dislike him personally. It's just on a year. He's like a Twitter voice to ask. I just, you know, he doesn't belong on the air. But personally, that I get targeted just like people. You don't even know, you know. Yeah. You guys have really never met a person. Yeah. I, you know, like four or five times I've seen him. Hello. Good. That's it. That's it. So the real one. What is it? The really is tension there. No. Not on my part. I have no tension. Of course he's a pussy. So we don't come around, you know. Okay. But just like when you when you get him one, he's got his facts wrong. And you like one, Hank did one day. And when I did about the hockey thing with the offer. We respond to that, and then he, because he pretend he never makes a mistake. We all make mistakes. But instead he be spawned by trying to give a little personal shot, which, of course, we find very amusing and have a great day every bit of your time. There's a guy who's going to be listening to the mic right here. Oh, believe it. Default. Stop and think about it. Default. He might really mean it. I want to get your nervous. 10. 57. He might get some diaries doing that hustle. He'll Rogers got. Well, I will say don't be crazy. And I hope that you will find that I bought you a brand new razor for the Bush between your side. Hey, Craig. I don't want to hurt your beauty. But if you care it all about fine, then just try to get it. Little off the side. With your beauty and the little, you don't have to let us aside. Not too strong, I've never said that. Or like a joy and a good first part. I just really, really, really do a good shaving. So I get crazy. I don't want to wear a toothpick when I'm in the middle of the day. I just want to wear a toothpick when I'm in the middle of the day. So I just want to wear a toothpick when I'm in the middle of the day. I don't want to wear a toothpick when I'm down the tweede your legs. And it's smelly, kind of gays. You could use a white brush. I've got treading through the jones. But part of the grill, though, that you've got. Because I feel like I've had a sex with these times. All right. Bring your huge egg around your mouth. You've got a potato and some stuff. Not just all life and it's so much that. For like a try and go for a pot. Every time we do this, after a choulish, I think this is too big. You've got to go up. For a 4x6UWD, Kim Kim Bo-Kekko for a hank from the Honda Golf Master. Prokey 2, 2 o'clock this afternoon. A book shop, a 6 o'clock, then, and 7 o'clock, we got the NCAAs. We got a couple of basketball games for it. I don't know which ones and does anybody really care. It's a pretty good stuff, by the way. Like that we were state North Carolina game last night. It's unbelievable. Even I enjoy it. So anyway, get into the dentist. We're going to get to that next. I got so much damn stuff. No, I would better get some of your e-calls on here. Like I said, D-Pill will never know for sure if you're really going to be listening to Renewary or not. I know why sure will be. One eye? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, me. Yes, sir. Hey, Mark Benson. How you doing? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Is this how come Renewary didn't call himself? Excuse me? How are you doing, Mark? I'm doing fine. Would you say how come Renewary called the other day? And he said that you were like his partner in crime or something. I don't know. Something like that. You talking about barrels? Oh, your Henry Barrow is partner. Yes. Oh, my, oh, and George, are you following this? This is important. I told you. Did you do this to guy that nice, uh, Mike Renewary in the back? This is the guy that put Henry Barrow on the ear. Don't you love it, isn't it? No, I don't. You know, what? I don't leave it to a loser like you to do that. Do you believe what? Leave it to a piece of walk and turn like you to do that, Mark Benson. How you do with your Spanish lessons, by the way. Let me tell you something. You'll first fall. Apparently you're not interested in the truth. I got a gift. You'll truth. Well, let me tell you. You want all the humans are going to go back someday. Is that the truth? Yeah, right. You wish. I don't wish. You wish it. That's what you live for. I do. That's what you used to live for. Aren't you, aren't you? Aren't you into that anti-biological stuff anymore, Mark? I'm not the guy who did programs every day for about two, three, four years. May career on this subject. Yeah, I was talking about immigration. I wasn't talking about bigots, but anyway, go. Oh, okay, yeah, right. How's that made shape for doing? I am the one who's the penis. You're a dude. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. Let's get to it, boy. Let's talk about Henry Barrow. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. I'm listening. Well, you're not. I'm listening. I want to hear the real story. Well, as far as stabbing somebody in the back, I can only tell you what I know. That is that on a Friday morning last October, Henry called me and said, guess what? There's no more micro-nary show. We walked out of the studio after the show and he announced to us that was the last show. Right. We don't know what we're going to do, nobody knows anything. Right. And that's the way it is. And there looks like there's no future. Right. And I got together. Got with the radio station, the following Monday. We started there like somebody was going to do probably anyway. As they had no plans. Yeah. Now, the wouldn't you think that somebody, people who worked together for about 20 years would maybe give somebody a little bit of notice, but to what the hell is going on in their career? That's forever. That's forever. To get that taste and smell. How do you system? Yeah. Well, that didn't happen. So if you think that's to happen in the back, you judge it. You don't have words. There are people taking this to heart. Like I'm joking about Henry. We had Henry on the air here the other day. Oh, I know that. Me. But no. You're taking this seriously. My girlfriend Henry. Oh, I hope Henry is not taking it seriously. But oh, you know, a lot of two people. He knows better. But let me just say this. Don't worry. Why do you sound so depressed about it? Like I'm creating some kind of a rift. I mean, you know, when we're nearly did call a few days ago. He said something about Henry and asshole in the same sentence. But other than that, I mean, it's just, you know, everybody's got to make a living. We understand that the only thing we still wonder is how come the waxy people cut and deal with Henry and with the other people over there. And we're in theory. They wanted more money than he was able to bring in. It wasn't all of it. Well, let me explain this to you in the other way. I have no idea what kind of a deal. Reneri ever had. But you want to understand what I'm saying. Does that seem a little bizarre? Let me tell you something. I view my cranary as a tremendous talent that he is. I found it extremely bizarre that he was off the air. I find it bizarre he hasn't been back on the air yet. And quite frankly, quite frankly, because we believe in his ability. And obviously it's proven in this market. Henry nor I ever contacted any of his sponsors for a period of over two months after we started that program because we felt that somewhere somehow he'd be back on the air. I mean, we were talking about a major metropolis signal. We didn't know what you're talking about today, isn't it? And I can't believe that. But we thought he'd be on a real estate. I thought he'd be back on a real full power station. Yeah. We didn't tamper with any of his former sponsors. We didn't run the his sponsors. Yeah. We never capitalize on his show whatsoever. Right. Frankly, you can't get away with that. It's nonsense. It's very cheap thing to do. Well, it's only one micro-nerry. We know that. Well, that's very, very true. And you don't go out and you don't play like you're a micro-nerry. And you don't try to duplicate what somebody else got. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You can't even know. Henry can go. I did Roger can go. Roger can go. Roger can go. Roger can go. Roger can do that effectively. But I say, a Roger would understand anybody. You know, no. Roger's a great guy. And let me tell you something. Maybe. And Roger's that there is a hell of a lot of talent because Roger actually, Boy, when it comes to that business report he does, he does a bang up job. He's a good guy. He shows up every bang before anybody else. Oh, he's going to Roger. He was a great drug guest. Well, Roger is there. I can't for yourself in that plane Roger. He's full of talent. I'll tell you right now. We've got to we've got a good sports guy on John Roberts. And I'll tell you something else. If you saw the ratings that came out this couple of weeks ago, we didn't do too shabby there either. I got him back here somewhere. You showed up in the trend. Oh, yes, we did. And let me tell you this. That we're going to have after you know, realize something that Henry knew after the last show was for an area that the show was over. And never had a clue prior to that that the show was going to be over for reason. I wish I had a recording of the message he left for me after that show. It was like a guy that was like a dough in front of the headlights. And I was sort of thinking about the gift by a car. But anyway, I mean, Well, I was just kind of like the time that he left I would eat to retire. Yeah, right. Well, I said except that I think he knew he planned that a little bit. Right. No, Henry calls me that morning. And by that, I asked by Friday afternoon, we lined up the show for Monday morning. Okay. Well, listen, Mark. Yeah, we'll leave it. Thanks. We all do the last of the key. You'll be to get out of here. Can you believe that? And you're something he's still talking. You do know that. Are you aware of that? He's still talking. Even though I, you know, Mark Robinson don't take any bulls. Shut up, man. Right. I don't say that by the way, and I had a bleep. In English. It's 11 after 11. If you were to learn as panoramic, it could have said near. And then I went ahead of bleep at Mark. But, you know, just the resisted. You keep resisting. They're here to stay sweetheart. It's Friday. You best, dude. Hey, ready to hear. Many of dreams. Welcome, Mike. Double-talk school. That's right. A school of double-talk with old Uncle Mike. There are have those embarrassing social situations where you just don't know what to say. You know, for its failure. Well, long time. You can help by teaching you to say happens much in twice a time. With half the brain thought. We'll reduce your embarrassment by 50%. You'll only be embarrassed to have as much. Because instead of thinking up to something to say, you only got to think of one something. Maybe only half a something. But something like that. You know, you need a girl and you say, My, you look lovely. And instead of thinking up another clever line, you do say, My, My. How lovely you look. It's simple, timeless. Maybe only half a something. But something like that. You know, you need a girl and you say, My. Państwashing pass of all we have easy payment package plan. We got package plans of the school of Double-talk. Where is this place you as? Well, I'm glad you asked about a loss of place. Do you did, you did? A loss of my place, but I gotta keep talking, because we don't do mutecix. You don't do no mutecix at that WIO and TH, and that I remember I, mixture of ego there instead offlowers knows. Those kind of middle like a couple of hystphotes there. I can help these. Here it is. pricey, there it is. Martin. on North Bay, cause way of beautiful North Bay, well, that's the old Nike Double Talk School at the school of Double Talk. I've got a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. I don't blame you. 11 16 at 5, 16, W to Qm. So, see, I'm glad. I apologize to Mary by the way. KC might be listening to what I'm sure he is because I got the conversation confused because I forgot who it was that said that Mark Potter was the one who was involved in getting the money and it was Henry beer, who had told us that when he called that day. Now, what a strange combination that is. Henry beer, oh, and at one dimensional Mark Benson, that same Mark Potter, who used to work for really look alike. They're both bald-headed. Mark Benson, sorry Mark Potter. Paul, just anybody. But anyway, sorry, I'm like you forget in that all confused. So, anyway, I'm making a big song to dance about this. We're nearly coming back, which is what they're looking for. And Henry and Roger had big numbers there in the morning at Cedum and so on. All right, let's talk about my teeth. I love the stupid facts that's here by the way, a lot of real crap. That was amazing. So, we had Martin Steve Nicholas morning and we had Mark Benson. What does he have to do with radio anyway? What does he have to do with anything? Not that I really want to know. Please don't call back. Please, ever again. So, yesterday I did go to my dentist after getting that breathless call after hearing from about and thanks to everybody by the way, all the dentist and the resistance and their agents and their set up man and detailman who called yesterday inviting me and Tuesday asked if they're pleading and practically demanding that I come to their office yesterday to check all my dental problems and my little thing on my gum and whatever. According to the two in case you missed it, I get a call from one of my dentist, the doctor Gary over there in Pembroke Lakes, who's a great guy by the way, excellent dentist, super guy. All right, I'm sure Cheryl said that all because they don't listen to AM and they're like, you know, most joints. There was the Slush music on FM inside. So Cheryl must have said that because she was coming by their last night by the way. I thought, I thought, I thought, thanks Cheryl, Yenta, but at any rate. So they called demanding I come right on by as soon as they got off work if not soon or because ordinarily they were, you know, they, but I call yesterday morning we were going to make we wait two weeks to come in for an appointment day and on my mouth is falling apart. All these things that I got that you're tearing it here and about. And by the way, I don't have lupus, discus lupus, pupus lupus. I look at my disease book. Do I have lupus? I didn't pull on the K. I don't have a skeely rash and I don't have this. I don't have that. I don't not losing any weight unfortunately. I'm trying like, I don't know, lose. Don't have all those different things. When you look up the little of the symptoms in your disease book, or do you hear me? I don't have them. In addition to which it seems to me, if I would have, you know, when I had the biopsie of this rash out of my neck, if I would have had lupus, I think they probably would have found it. You think so? I think so. Don't have it. Sorry to disappoint. But at any rate. So I go to the dentist and I got there. I'm going to go to the back of my gum, which that comes and goes like a little, I'm maybe it's a canker. Oh gee, I'm the back of my gum. Like a little irritation. Plus I've had all this pain in my teeth and my jaw and my neck. This has been a majority of the similar rash. I don't care about the rash. It doesn't hurt. It doesn't it. It doesn't hurt. It just, you can't even see it. It's just all of you, but are getting on my nerves after three months. And haven't Dr. Sainah, you don't need us waiting other six or seven years. So come to find out that it's looks in my mouth and sure enough, I've been grinding grinding in my sleep. Like, kind of like this. Okay. Yeah. grinding. In fact, the hygienist who cleans your teeth, which you did yesterday, she the sweet heart, by the way. Thank you, sweetheart. She has started doing the job there. She said, oh my gosh, you really are like wearing down these teeth to like nothing from grinding. So he's going to make me a, hey, a mold. Two, they go back and he's going to make me a thing. What do they call it? A mouthguard to put it at night. So I don't grind my teeth and I'm not going to grind them. Which of course, I mean, doesn't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that if you're doing all the grinding like that, that your jaw's going to hurt like a mother and the thing in your neck and all of this are of these things are connected to this. And it's amazing. All those people I've talked to like since I was in the dentist yesterday, everybody in their brother even Georgia was telling me, who are you saying has that problem? Oh, what are my nieces? Yeah. How about that talk to Pat Rich at the track last night. He's got that problem. He's grinding it. Everybody in their brother is grinding their teeth in their sleep. And then of course, they get that TMJ maybe instead of hearing about Lupus today, we can hear about TMJ the jaw thing and about how the thing is, well, what do they call it? Testicular, main, dbular, whatever the thing. You know what I'm talking about? Which I'm not really sure if then instead I had that or not. I'm not sure what anybody said at this point. You know, because I had so many damn people like clawing all over my body and of course, their intentions were good. weren't they? No. All of them yesterday were. They all wanted to do what come to my help in a moment of need. No, yes they did. So thanks Gary and staff over there in the Pepperplex, they're great. He's going to fix me. I can feel just like pop out brewery now like a hockey player. I have like a while I'll think of my one. I go to bed every night. So I don't like I can't like chew and grind my teeth down to one nut. Stress, baby. Like I told you before the big S. You think I'm exaggerating these people will kill you. It's amazing. The things that happen to and in your body from stress. And yes, I do have these abdominal pains that kind of like shoot around here and over there. But that's that's part of the same syndrome. It's called getting old and being fat and not a shape and being a fettled sloth. That's that. That's to keep you on your toes. So it's comforting to know that at least I'm going to live another week or two. That's good. Got the dental thing all straightened up. So we can get a cheddar away here hour after hour every day. Sorry, it isn't blown out the discous loop ispa. Yeah, one of the things from the discous loop is one of the is a scale. It's usually a butterfly rash on the face, but even no matter where it shows up, it's like skiggly would like a queen shaped to sorry. No loop is not yet. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any high-doin man? Okay sir. Well, I got almost completely dead guys. Boy, you have a terminal. He has a radio personality transplant. You don't have a radio show does he? No. Not on the air. No. Thank goodness. That'd be a lot of bad. Somehow involved with Henry Burrow show, somehow and that by behind the scenes, he's making a lot of a basic English on it. I'm all fired up for a Reneri Uga Booga. Yeah. I'm talking about sugar. Good. You've been ripple for breakfast. Great. I'm not trying to spread the word all over time, man. I want you to go out with Bill over with the sandwich board. I'll fire it up. We'll see you at Kaio to a freaking remember. Hold on to what you got for you get it up the air. Yeah. Okay. See that always. I always got that boo get on thing in your mind. There was just thinking about that. That's in their blood. They can't get it out. And of course, if you do what he just said, it might get in your blood and you will not get it out. We have an open line in date and one in Broward. 5 6 7 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's homestead. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Okay. Did you ask you that Greg Lucaneis was on TV this morning? No. I don't see it. He was on my wife as watching some ridiculous movies and showers some crap. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was quite bite. Yeah. I'm about they were talking. It was him Chuck Wollary and Keto Kaling talking about. So, right now, what a group that is. I know you who say this Chuck's Wollary and Keto Kaling. Yeah. Keto Jesus. Right hand back at the dumpster where he would have been living the last few months. He thinks he's all funny and everything. He's flat out retarded. Yeah. And Greg Lucaneis, you know, they're asking all these questions about, you know, share talking about their penises. Really? I'll be in circumcised. Why didn't know that Keto had one? I missed your Kaling. What's your claim to fame? Well, I used to live in old days house. I was kind of above and I heard this dumping on a wall one night and that made me finish. Yeah. He was dumping it. Did they start talking about? She says, what do you guys think about men being able to get pregnant now? Yeah. Yeah. And Greg Lucaneis, what's up? Where's the crap? He whips out this crap saying? Well, I got dogs and I got a freezer full of sperm. I'm like, what the hell does that have to do with men having babies? There's pulled out this crap by his dog and he had his ears that dogs underneath the feet in his car. This guy's right. Yeah, but it's not a lot. So don't worry about it. We have an open line in date 5 6705 60 palm five 60 on the ATT wireless line. I anybody believe anything this guy just said. No, you think he's got any cleavate no leaves if she a bit of my no lip. No. Or if worth a kid to visit or the kid dead by the way. She not damn it. Here's a hollywood. Hello. It's real. Yes, sir. Are you doing okay? All right. Listen to me. What about this crap? This could have still gone out with Joe the magio. He's getting quite a bit of a little little. He keeps putting on the news and all this and nobody's at his back. He's not coming back. Okay. I know. Where have you gone, Mrs. Rose about? He's not coming back. They keep making this guy like he's a guy like he's a guy like that. I think all that he said. I think Paul Simon I'll get our Garfunkel here that'll re-record that song and do like, you know, where have you gone Jackie Robinson give to the 20th century before it's over. Okay. Simon and Garfunkel get with it. Little reunion time. We cut the song. Something significant. Somebody deserves a tribute. Somebody who's also been dead a lot longer. But, you know, broke the race barrier in baseball. Somebody who was a real American legend and icon. A dark icon but nevertheless. You know, Joe the magio. I'm so sick and tired. He was our hero. Wasn't my hero? And you know, something. I don't know anybody who's hero. He was. That's not very good English, but nevertheless, I don't know anybody that said, oh, Joe the magio was my hero. I don't know anybody that all. I don't hang around cemetery village. Maybe if I'm over to my mother's complex and I wanted to run screen to anybody here like Joe the magio. Yeah, my fun. You know, some old fossils come all the way. He was great. He was a dead yet. You know, he's not relevant to most of us. I know that comes as a tremendous disappointment that a bitter blow to our dear friends in the media. But we just don't give a flying You've seen the trial on CNN. Now the TV movie America's been waiting for. Ralph and Ellis Crandon star as John and Lorina Bobbett in low hurts. I'm warning you, John. Don't push me too far. That's a laugh, Lorina. I'm the king in this castle. The K.I.N.G. King. I'm the one with the penis in this house. Look, I'm tired of talking. I had a hard day driving a bus. Now I'm going to take an app. I don't want to be disturbed. What was that? Oh, he cut my penis off. Oh, Johnny Boyo. What's all this screaming in here? Help me, Norton. She cut it off. Oh, God, you're up and sickly together. I don't have anything to say to him. You gotta get me to our hospital. Any hospital, hurry. Hey, Johnny Boyo. Look if you had animal clinic was right down the street. I see, I think I'm lucky. You think I'm lucky, do you? Take a look at this, Norton. What's wrong with that? I think that elephant's tongue looks kilicky down there. Oh, you do, huh? Hand me that playboy. Very tiny boy for the pre-level. It's on the 32 at 5.60. So you might see he got kind of gilded. Is that what they were trying to say there? That means you know what that means, the land. I'm sorry. We have an open line in date. That's really frightening. Okay, though. We have somebody who's like over the age of 10. It doesn't know what a gilding is. Huh? I guess you would just horse in a round. You know what I mean? Roll 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. So what were we talking about during the break? That was so important about the Mark Benson. Oh, yeah. We had an inside report from inside. We can't mention no names of course, but somebody who works over there at Waxi, which we won't mention no names on here. But George had an inside report. The fact that Mark Benson does go on here with Henry Burrow and at little low on to Roger there's in the morning trying to be funny ripping off a lot of my material and everybody over there. Hate him like poison is what we were told. Hate him like poison. I've just mentioned that in passing. Mr. Perinoia. Here's a mobile in Procut of Creek. Hello. Hey, how you doing, yo? Okay. I was down at the class to get there at the Honda. Why? And I see. Well, it's true. All right, you know, I don't want to tune once, but it was okay. Was okay if I wanted to kill some time to get drunk? No, I love that drinker too. Which is a unique, deep all. Yeah, guess what I thought down there. Deep all likes a few pops every now and then. Yeah. I saw a bug, fat boy. Yeah, and oh, he's shot. Now I know who's that. He's enormous. Wow. Loose some weight, boo. Please. The audience is even begging you. Beggum sir. Begging to lose some weight. I know. Please boo. Loose some weight. Be going to wait. Be going to wait. Loose the weight. All right. Hey, closing? Yes, sir. Were you fudge back? Oh, boy. That's that guy's got one line. Every call ends the same way. Nice gone, sir. We're counting no material. We're counting over the weekend in the material, too. Open line in the day one and bro. We're at 5. 6. 705. 60 come on. Let's hear about the grinding two thing. This is the important stuff. Now that we can find a guy to the bottom of this deal. This is the important. Come on. It's the doctor show again here. I want to hear about some stupid guy named golf tournament. By the way, boo go beyond 6 to 9 30 because we got Purdue in Texas. Basketball, the NCAA game nine thirty night. So that's the deal. And Kimba Boe Kamper, who's highly acclaimed by Tom Jika in the Sunset, Alcombe today. Nice going there. Kimba, a little feather in his cap. Yeah, this renewing business. You know, and then Mark Benson's try to tell us how I wish to hell. I would have had those trends here. I haven't at home. I'll bring him in on Monday. And we'll look up and see just exactly the giant numbers they had in the trends on that morning show. Maybe they do have a number. You know, maybe they're counting like 90 plus. I wish him me nothing but the best. You know, now Roger. Just watch it and that plane up there, man. Here's a mobile in the homestead. Hello. Hey, deal. How you doing? Okay, sir. This first off, obviously, in the micronarine. All right. Here's another one, Defoe. He's got it all cranked up to 12 30. Just to break it off and see if those defos put there. Right. Hey, but I really want to tell you about your GMJ. Yeah. If the doctor passes their head for, go see a Mac deal, facial surgeon or whatever. Oh, what? Yeah, I know. I said the same thing. My girlfriend got the same situation. And thanks, given we had a bigger to the hospital, he goes to get wicked headaches, all kinds of cramping up around her shoulders and whatnot. Yeah. And I told her for years that says, you know, you grind your teeth when you sleep. So, I know I know. And the doctor, they looked inside. They just MRIs. They did all this stuff. And he said, look, all I can come up with is you're looking at, you know, you've got jaw muscles that are connected to that thing. What do you think? They're fervomals. If you learn whatever. Yeah. It's like your knee joint. It's the same way your knee joint is set up. Your knee joint connected to the MNDB or joint? Yeah, that's your jaw bone. But anyhow, it's a tricky little butter because it is set up just like your knee. But you wouldn't believe how many muffles in your face are connected to that jaw bone. And when it starts to get out of place and out of whack, it's how much it'll affect your jaw body. So what do they do for it? Well, like he's going to do with you, he's going to put the mouthguard in. She's got one. And the pain so far has gone away. All right. Oh, yeah. It'll be a little bit of a blessing, trust me once you get in. I thank God for it. But don't please don't say butter. No, no, what'll happen is there's no monitor you. And what'll it, you'll tell you how bad your grindier teeth like in the months, you'd already chewed a hole through the back of your mouthguard. Jesus. Oh, yeah. You wouldn't believe how much, how much pressure you may have here a lot of stress. Yeah, and it also cuts your four play in half, too, with all that stuff. I don't think, yeah, right. But one thing had a little of that mouthguard a little bit anyway. How them do as much as he can was chemicals or rather was drugs and was the mouthguard and adjusting it before he operates because after the operation, he operates. Well, he says if they have to do that because they have to go in there and rebuild this that that joint on both sides of your job to rebuild your joint. Yeah, I think they could bigger this time. Oh, hell, no teeth. But, um, so go in there and they'll redo it because it becomes our critic and it gets real nasty looking in there. They can show it to you on an x-ray, a maxiocacial surgeon. Yeah. And tell you all this stuff. And you would not believe though how much you're from your wife will be because of that jaw pain in there. Or when you're sure you're going to go. Okay. Well, thanks a lot, pal. You got it. I'm just going to look forward to now. You got a lot of pain. Thank you. There you go. See, asking to receive that sounds really somewhat good. So, what bad? You know, it's kind of like a life because God is the safest. He keeps all this crap on all of us. You know, all these diseases, these ailments, these aches and pains. Yeah, like that's song the Lord made them all. He made all of this crap to man, dipular, whatever it is. Nelson Mandela, a debular crap. Wow. Grinding your teeth. And you know something either one of my dogs ever told anything about it that I grind my teeth in my sleep. Never heard nothing about it. Damn it, bastards. Yeah, they're probably enjoying it. Amazing. All the different stuff that happens from you all from that. All these things. The neck and the jaw and the headaches in the ear. Yeah, he said to me, definitely the ear. I told him. I said, and I expected a negative to answer. I said to my dentist, I said, well, my left ear has been plugged up a lot. They're going on three months now. Not completely, but I mean, a little bit. Not good. And he said, oh, yeah, absolutely, he said that the bone, something about the bone is in front of the ear and you get the pains like in the, like in, and you go to all the ear and nose and throat, nose guys and they look and can't find any sinus problem. And they don't know what it is because this is what it is. It's the grinding problem. We're grinding at baby. We're grinding ourselves to death right into the ground. And I asked them, I said, well, let me ask you this. Suppose they paid me for another seven months, like I look here in a half ago. You know, they said, that would be a real good idea. In fact, one of them, you know, I should have started this at 10 o'clock because I had so much material that I wanted to get all of a sudden. But he said, a real good way to do your show from now on until it's all heels up, give it a rest. You don't want to open your mouth to why. So just kind of go, yeah, no, no, no, no, what's wrong with that? There you go. Yeah, 21 before noon is five seconds. I've just started mumbling a lot. I have no previous Nice. I'm in the best. I want to go. I want to go be in a long it's a dream. In a day that you take so all things must be seen. I have no previous. I have no百分之二 a an Now I have no Make some That's you Make some I'm in the 60. Congratulations, cherries, Everyone can have this but no one marching with gay I'm gonna keep on drinking beer that's good I'll drink until the cold This what I'm doing We are all Irish when Saint Patrick Bayes here So we put it in a taping and treat beer All of it is a totally free Yeah, I'm gonna be a pair Your stiffy teeth and boiling water or your stiffy mouth garden boiling water Here's the fact somebody says my wife has the same thing that this guy was talking about the mouthguard Her dentist told her to go to a sports store and get a clear mouthguard like hockey players were for two dollars And it works. He says it works There you go. Thank God. I need a mocker. I want to be just like Ray Whitney Yeah, I want to be Ray Whitney. That's on this for a few minutes See you Bridget. We have an open line in date 567. Oh, so anywhere we had a second spy report From another person in the works inside Waxi And he said they've taken a poll over their and its unanimous when it comes to Mark Benson who called us before with that long pond of his choke killing Show stopping boring call at terminal which I have no idea what Ellie was talking about And they all said he's an asshole. Yeah, it was unanimous They hate him like poison over there. So Henry. I mean, you know, I don't know what kind of a deal you got with this guy Where you found him but man handing out leaflets and see the thing that this guy forgets he tried. Why'd you spend two or three years Yeah, I spent two or three years talking about issues And I also spent plenty of time exposing that whole group, you know, and this is associating myself from him when I realized where they were coming from in the table We lentless and then basically it had nothing to do with Spanish language and had to do with xenophobia Which you use anywhere to pull it by the way front page of the paper. I hate to break the news to Mark population surges and broward Foreign influx now major player and growth it says on a front page of the hero this morning right on the front page big study here with all the population figures Broward not just aid but also Right sorry about that all these new people coming in Mark and guess what they don't speak Oh my god What are gonna do this guy's falling let's get him. He's she for out of bed Let's get that whole thing started up again. You know, let's get to eat is to penis sure officer wave radio and get him going Here's a mobile and store hello Hey, yes, I don't have a phone. We all love her. She's great looking. Oh, yeah, Zena. Yeah, I'll also you said you'd like to have where it right with me I thought I'd like to be right with you. I like to have her when you do I think Scott with me Scott with me. I got well me. I like to have this like right with his hands I don't know if you saw what you had last night Silver plate over flatter. He couldn't this it in well they want a game don't don't be looking for negatives They want a game. We got the winning goal everybody's happy. They you know they're hanging right in there You same or near is going to Jeno yes, sir. J and A they call it now 12 30 on AM dial Okay, J and O 10 40. I guess J and A right well J and A used to be J and O, but of course this company this queer channel or whoever it is that bought them out You know they keep swapping all the colleges, but he's going to 12 30. I got you because right now you're gonna be Let's go. Yeah, of course. All right. Here's another I'm gonna be listening to my greenery Monday morning on WJ and a 12 30 on AM dial. Sorry, do you follow those hey Neil who got the better trade? Buffalo or Pittsburgh? What what trade you didn't hear about stew? No What how would I suppose to you know we want to got a sports day? She went on here guys. I'm Mr. Hawke what now when did this happen? Through that's right How come it's not in my newspapers? Well, get to think about that What did you say you you've got to be kidding me? No, no sir. Now who got the better of the deal? Um That's a good. It's a good deal for both teams because Barnaby was not doing Buffalo is real unhappy and That was wasn't working out and Stubborns you know the Pittsburgh get kind of gave up on stew. They thought it could only score goals on a power play They kind of gave up on him a little bindi was in a real scoring slump and I thought it would be fine I think that'll work out good. Yeah, Mark. Yeah, Mark. Oh, need buffalo needs a guy They don't need all the toughness. They need somebody can score some goals and then I'm gonna put it on the power play. Your buddy Joe. He had one right off the class by two. He blew it But hey, anyway, he was great. Listen to him. Okay, I have a great discovery Okay, we have an open line in two women days. So stew barns goes to Buffalo for Matthew Barnaby I like that trade it's a good see a good trade is a trade that's good for both teams I'm also, of course it's our team that would trade it's only good for us like Palm Elberry for Special ed 567 05 60 and the they've gone your channel and on 5 60 on a AT&T world of slumber talking today about WTMJ and the walkie Actually the registration. Wty teams it used to carry them the walkie brave games the original Milwaukee brave is like years and years ago and at the bros not the Atlanta brave as in years ago Isn't the TMJ I do believe it is six eighty or something like that on your dial That's where the TMJ came from And once they got that they couldn't announce it anymore. They moved the team to Atlanta Here's a Hollywood hello Yes, sir. Good morning. Yes, I am you know I believe this deal. I actually got fired this morning only because I quoted your words That you said yesterday over the radio I I Actually got fired because I said Joe the Maggio is a nobody in infant office and the big boss actually fired me How can he fire your for saying that I don't believe this? I don't because I just said the kneel said over radio Are you said kneel said over the radio? Well, I mean, I can't go to that again Okay, Dave County's open 567 05 60 and Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, take report. I'm You talking a lot of calls about that grinding thing, yes, sir. Rock Island road six course. Yes 166 out so they get Come in north just south of commercial Boulevard Okay, all right, thanks a lot. Thank you. There you go. They're out there working for your folks We're working for I try to find all the goddamn pig-year spots where they're trying to destroy your lives Go out there in the rest of dangerous drivers. Okay, do something about it Stop it all the damn radar with all the speed traps. They're never gonna stop Very very sad it's worried depressing and then again, you know We got all the cops in town listening to the show 90% of love me 10% of them hate me like poison But the bottom line is just the truth the good cops don't believe all at the speed trap crack That's not law enforcement that's not what they got into woodwork to sit around under a bush with a goddamn radar gun And by the way, don't get that radar gun too close to your testicles either. Okay guys y'all 567 05 60 Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We should have 8000 line calls on you right now about my jaw What are the cops from that speed traps said that they're not there anymore? Oh, thank you Here's a mobile and Dave's save me. Hello, so this will be you vote. Yeah, yeah, and I've done a douche to the court and okay Let's go all jays were really desperate not Paul Harvey Jr It's gotta be a bad deck This is like golf got to be talking to you again Just like five minutes ago, it's over that mark mention. That was more fancy This is like gallbladder world all over again. I have to ask you one question. Yeah, when you walk barefoot He's a grunt here. No, no, I do not Because usually TMJ is a kind of bad posture especially when you walk I do have bad posture. I have I have very bad posture and you want to know You know something you know what a lot of this comes in fact I'm glad you said that because I said in this for the last 13 months I've been sitting the wrong way and I got a great chair here from one of our former sponsors But the and I got a mic stand that I can extend out okay. I have a coronal extension on it And I've been hunching over it and you just see this guy isn't all that bad watching a great while while he only did next But I try to say your life with the gallbladder I'm my gallbladder's fly wherever it's a lady Wherever it is you remember the suffering you went through after you had that thing out In fact those were the original rolling stones that were playing the marbles with them over there at Mount Sinai Well, let me tell you I'm going to the last nine marbles to go have that done. I just go and Dr. Unger In fact, I'm capital is there betting the over is an ungres you know My operation he helped get me kicked out of Sinai who did What do you buy that the long story not a one here? Yeah, it's from four years at Mark Benson call I'll kill this you'll buy the way mark if your material on waxy is good as what you did to me this morning You're done. Are you feeling with where your center gravity is when you walk In my back home. No, right there. It's like well, what do you mean the center where where well? What does that mean? What kind of a Where where your balance is? Usually people with TMJ are leaning too far forward their center gravity is too far forward and it causes everything in the jaw to tighten up the Comfort site I'm telling you if you put our thought this is a megapsally note that now only ask you this TMJ if you're grinding your teeth at night Yeah, does it necessarily mean you is that the same as TMJ is that you have that if you're writing your teeth? Usually it means because they're stressing that area that you grind stress Yeah, right in that area in muscular stress, not when I'm talking about right Usually with our thoughtix Change your center gravity a little bit to push your center gravity back so how about some magnets to put in my mom? No, I do that. I got sucked into that same thing with a 20 pound installed What else? And they leave the volume to me nine months to go get my foot recovered from that from the goddamn magnets for my Ash Doctor, but I'm telling you somebody will verify a doctor and what do you do? I'm sure you'll verify what what have you said about your center gravity in your posture having to do with TMJ But this mouthguard crap in surgery that's a bunch of horsecraft I'm telling you that's the dude your posture it has to do with your abdominal muscle Being a little weak in your lower back muscle being a little weak or you know over the counter when you look You know, leaving over the dead. Well, I'm leaning over this counter for four hours if you're didn't it's killing me I just now finally set up like a man straight in the chair and pulled the microphone back to me And now I feel better already Like that I'm gonna do the mouthguard because then I'll feel like way with me Don't I look a little like way with me a lot like yeah before the after I'm talking about what is it? I'm excited about renewing the focus Here's another one goodbye to default goodbye Jeff the floor. Is here there's another one Have a good day. No have a good He blew it for he is a mess, you know ever since he drank that cure it to see he'd never been the same again Ever since he ran off with that J you what's in them the juicy man Look at it's really only 26 but looks about 87 open line in date 5 6705 So yeah, this is the way to be doing the show for Christ 6 Listen how much better I even sound I've been hunched over to chair for 13 months here Hunching over this thing because it's not built the way it should be They better do a better job of stairs So what what did he say about us being up there? He came in here Greg radio and better be better Well, what do you say about us moving Monday Do we know If we're moving upstairs? No We do know yeah, we're moving we're moving on Monday all right Like the Jefferson's we're moving up town baby. We're up to the third floor With all those losers. I mean with all those great people up there Rats packet they choose to up from your tiki to the website your There's no more in the queue Now that your life is done You won't need your gun call You may be busy Very tough for you with the out of cookbook of And you're appearing tonight at the time to the sky You bang Jackie came up Out the What the You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. Do you got to go. Me. You got to go. geh. Yi. You got to go. It. Oh. I got back. We got. This, who was handed over here. All three of us have been together. You could fix the action, then you know. By that face. Frank, do you go, James? Oh, God, we got to bed news. We just had a call from St. Peter, we said, you know, all you people that are going up to have it on your souls that are going up there is that it's really hard to recognize you without the body. So if you're thinking about making a trip up there, please try to bring the body along, okay? So they really know who's when you get to the poorly gates, they know who's been naughty and nice. They're having a bitch at the time. We have an open line in Droward, 560 and Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Is it problem? Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Oh, Neil, hi. Yes, man. Okay, first of all, WTMJ, that stands for the Milwaukee Journal. Oh, Milwaukee. There you go. Right, and they carried the pack. They must have had a job problem. Yeah, evidently, but a long time ago. And I think they carry the packers and probably the Milwaukee Reword. They're packing it, yeah. Yeah, exactly. They have for a long time. And you talked about your job, my son has that. Really? Yeah, he's had one of those marks where it's made for several years now. And it helps? Oh, definitely. Oh, thank God. Oh, yes. Thank God. I mean, what Paul Harvey Jr. is, is all that's about your crap. He always, he asked to always be the chicken of the wood pile. Always try to give it a song at a dance, about no matter what you do. It's, you know, you just got to drink a lot of carrot juice and walk like a man. No, no. I don't know what the carrot juice, but those are the things really worked. Yeah. I never knew that that was his problem, but he's been grinding his teeth and then the dentist did do it. Yeah. And it helps definitely. Oh, definitely. And he asked to wear it all the time, right? Well, yeah. And I, I mean, he said occasionally, you know, he'll find it on the floor in the morning, but, you know, generally he'll take his own. He'll find it on the floor in the morning. He's a rest for sleep for what's the message? God. How old are you about four? No, he's 28. Yeah. And he wears a mouth guard. Well, you're older than that guy? I'm quite settled. Yeah. I'm going to be right. Good point. It's a good idea because, you know, they're going to taste and I don't know. I don't know if I want to get him out of a box. Yeah, that hygiene is she said, well, you were in him down like a nub. Exactly. I said, I already got one, but I don't need any more. Okay, listen, have a great day. I got to tell you. Go ahead. Oh, first of all, did you see our girl, Funko, is going to be here? Gold stream this weekend? No. Yeah. I'm going to actually somebody might want to go see our Garfunkel. Yeah. Yeah, this weekend. And when you talked about the groups and I don't, I didn't hear all the music that you talked about, but did you mention Buddy Holly and the cricket? Sure, did. Oh, good. I hope so. Because I thought they were. Do a lot of what's in Buddy Holly? Well, I can't help. I'm sorry to do now. But he still was great. Okay. Everybody tastes we heard. You said that. Especially Roger Magdalene's flying it. We have an open line in date one in Broward. 6705. Well, that's the waxy staple. There's your uptight, huh? There's your uptight. Yeah. Just loosen up a little bit. Okay, guys. There's nobody listening anyway. Loosen up a little bit. Wish all the best to Henry Barrel. That's, you know, anybody else that's working over that. It's a good person. Is there anybody that we know who's in a category? Here's Miami. Hello. You know, how you doing? Great. I'm sitting up straight. You know, when you're fat, you have real bad posture. You know, if you ever seen a fat person with good posture, because we slumped forward, because I mean, if you're fat like in the like in a public like I am, all my fat is in my stomach. I just want to know what the whole posture has to do with TMJ. I don't see the connection. It has to do with the muscular, skeletal structure of the body. Yeah. And then that's out impressive. Yeah. Because the shoulder bone connected to the neck bone and neck bone connected to the jaw bone. And I'd that sounds pretty good. I think that's right. I think that's true. Let me tell you my twin brother saw person that. That is the worst. You could have it. I can't even chew a piece of it. Thank you. Chuck, Chuck, just brought me a great lunch from the sub center. You can't chew a piece of gum. My doctor said, don't be too old gum. And I don't see that. I don't chew gum anyway. So good luck, man. I hope you don't go that way. Because you know what? Oh, I do go that way. You know what's going to happen? I'm going to be able to speak. Yeah. That's right. Well, good luck to me. All right. Thanks, pal. Good luck to me. I'm not going to be able to speak. Oh, oh. There you go. Mama always more me. Oh, what's going to happen? If you lose your ability to speak. Oh, I'm sorry. It's hard. You'll be out on the street. Nursing home. Oh, yeah. There's that sound again keeps coming back to mind. Nursing home. Why does that name? Why does that think he personally affects those nights when I think about nursing homes? I sleep like a child. No national and deep. No problem at all. I don't know what that is. Maybe it's worth a try, huh? Oh, God. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Great. Okay. I had it. We sound like you know what you're talking about. It's about time. We got somebody who really has stuff. I had it when I was, you know, a few years ago. Yeah. And you got really good. Well, a little bit. I'll tell you what you need to do is basically the problem that causes the NJ 80% of the time is the fact that your teeth are out of whack. Basically your top teeth. So much with your bottom. Maybe I need a front end alignment. Exactly. What they do is you go to the dentist and then they grind your teeth. to have the top match with the bottom. Oh, they don't want to grind my teeth anymore. They already said they're in grind them. I know because you've been doing it. That's see that your body trying to adjust itself. But you've got to get that done. And actually in the worst cases, like I had to do it a few years ago, I had to go through orthodontics. And then get your teeth in alignment with each other. And then after that, I went through the grinding down to have the top aligned with the bottom. Now, that improved is like 80%. Really? I still have to wear a nightguard, though, in order to protect the teeth because I still can't do that. Now, when you had this thing, did you have like, pain in the jaw and in the neck? Oh, heart, horrible pain. Oh, horrible headaches like coming to head out. Yeah, awful. Yeah. Pain behind the eyes from the headaches. Exactly. Exactly. And then, and then, and then, I got doctors that can't diagnose but between the audience and my dentist now were getting this straightened out. Am I bringing to patch atoms? Doctors out there. Right. Well, you know, like I said, you've got to go to a dentist that knows because a lot of these dentist don't, they know how to do cavities and stuff because they don't know about the mouth itself, on the teeth and everything. You've got to go to a dentist and know how to align the teeth and grind it down properly. Well, I went to Dr. Gary on Tuesday about that. See if you want to grind it. Do it. Have a great day, pal. Thanks, Neil. Yeah, congratulations. Okay, bye. Come on, whatever you did. He did it, but he grounded. He's grinding it. We have an open line of date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. As we speak with plenty teeth, I do feel better here I sit in up here like this. God, and you know, I had a great food day yesterday. I got him to skill this morning and, the same, didn't lose an ounce. Oh, I haven't even told you, I screamed stories yet. Two of them, yours in mind. Boy, wait a sec. See, and you people sometimes think I exaggerate about things like that and that I overdue it and I wanted, you know, do it to be a bastard and not true. People just don't get in. We're not going to make no 10,000 on the down today, by the way, not finally, we're back in a, oh, now it's down again, down 83 cents, the dull. Next, take it up, pumping it down 39. This morning started off like, and we don't want to do it today anyway. Let's do it on Monday when we move upstairs, the eyes of March. Yeah, we want to do our little Ben and Jerry story and I'm here. You got to get a little floss. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We stay in school, don't go out on your own. Because there's a whole lot of stuff, you just can't do it home. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in your own with a G.D. Oh. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha When nothing's on par, to the marvellous feeling, a making butter patty, stick it as ceiling, a rock, smoking in the bathroom, making out a novel, or hitting a fat kid with a speeding dodgeball. What's wrong? How? Yeah, I remember that boy. A throw off a paper wall with a fire alarm, blow up the toilet with a cherry bomb, die sick of frog in biology class, find yourself a nerd and win to his ass. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha What do you mean? What do you mean hit in 10th or 3? When you make a class of patch of L.S. These start a good fight, you milk out your novels or when you go to school, what anything goes, sustains schools, don't go out on your own. Because it's all on us stuff, you just can't do it home. A search on around, but you won't see a seat. Oh, with the T.E.D. Search on around, but you won't see a seat. Oh, with the T.E.D.D. 16.5. 60, I'll tell you about a CEO with a brain at Sir John Henry, the no-one of the marvellous reason I said that's something to just back me this story. If 10 it is first game in Melbourne on Tuesday, notice the lights on the scoreboard that indicate ball strikes and outs were so dim the fans could barely see them. It says the lights have been a choice in space coast city, open in 1994. It's been a constant problem, but I've been only wainted and care. Henry didn't just notice the broadly to care of it. On Wednesday, new green lights were on the scoreboard and after five years, fans and writers in a press box could easily read the ball and strike count. As soon as the green lights went on, everybody said, oh, the big guy was in town. They said, said, John Bulls. I didn't like that. Now, if you just get John Henry to buy the panthers or at least buy the macarina and go over there and see that all the pending are where you sit. Most people can't see the goal, either the green light when it comes on the end of the period, when the goal is scored whatever. Come on, John Henry, we need your help because Wayne is too damn cheap to spend a money for the life-fold. Unbelievable. By the way, he's starting up again today. So George would like you to even recall because he's lonely. 954. Well, yeah, he's obviously looking for some companionship. 954 806 4423. If you want to speak to, there's a, yeah, maybe get some pointers from 806 4423 on his mobile phone. Wow, I'm impressed. And that's how somebody can afford a mobile phone is got, there he is. AD. Isaiah Midley was material, very good, Eddie. Oh, maybe a special Eddie. Here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello. Hi, Neil. Good afternoon. You know, I wish John Henry all the luck in the world, but I don't think anybody cares about the moral of that thing. I think, no, I mean, I just like to thank he first of the lights. I don't care about the marlin. Well, yeah, like you say, he could try six to go lights at the arena. That was my point, yeah. And their big super-style, ex-Fernand, as if he wins four or five he'd gone. Yeah, thank you. Thanks, John. Oh, I think so. Absolutely. Yeah. And, you know, Patrick, I said nobody cares. Nobody cares. Spectacular. Several people come up to me this past week and say, we can't believe they're, you know, even in fact, Richard, the track said last night about putting his exhibition ball games on at 12.50, which next week, Thursday and Friday, we got baseball games. 12.50. You love those, Neil. I do, you're right. I know it's a ratings killer, but I don't care. I mean, they don't care. So why don't you show that I care? Not your choice. It's right. I like the one I used to our in 50 minute show. I want to ask you a question. Yes. Actually, who's saying that song, chocolate, a salted ball? Chocolate salty ball. Well, it's, um, but that's the best song in the world. Chef from South Park. Oh, that's, oh, that's from South Park. Why are you smoking? Yeah, it's from the South Park CD. Chef aide. So that's a new song. Chef aide is named the SCD and chef is named the character from South Park. It sings chocolate salty balls. PSI love you. I love the hot. I mean, I think the song I'm saying is a PS. I'll just start watching that. There you go. It's a big hidden, uh, in Europe, but of course it's not a big hit over here. But not very many stations have the salty balls to play it. Chef, I heard it. I heard it. I heard it on say the early one more. Yeah. George has got this thing with Isaac Case. You know, you're going to get the shaft, Mr. If you don't stop with his Isaac Case, grab. And what about Al Green and Barry White? Do you like them, Neil? No. You don't need their one. I put them both in the same category. OK. OK. They were, they were good. Good to listen to in the bar, Neil. Yeah, there you go. If you were really smashed. OK. Have a great day. And see how to Steve Nickel. Thank you. Al Green and Barry White. I'd rather listen to Barry Manel and I'd rather be dead than hear him. We have an open line of day one and a grower. We're talking to talk today. Oh, let's straighten everybody's teeth out. And of course, the problem is because God also being the safest that he is, made it a genetic kind of a thing that we have all these things that we do like involuntarily. You know what I'm talking about? Like when you have like a sore, I'm your gum like that or anything in your mouth. Your tongue keeps like going over there and looking at it. And the sore too. I mean, you don't even, you're not thinking about it. You're not doing it consciously. It's just part of our, you know, one of those things. Here's Miami. Hello. What do you mean? You're in the middle of the street. Miami. What do you mean? Making mumbling sounds that we can't even hear. Not even a good crank call because we can hear your asshole. Open line of date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Another 12 year old kid is boyfriend left them. Have it, only? Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. First fine callers. Maha. Columbian. Columbian. Yeah. Oh boy. Don't go to court. Don't go to court. Don't go to court. And he's still calling. You better keep his phone busy. 806, 4423. And Neil. Yeah. I don't want to change the subject here. But I believe in the photos. Those orders that want to kill about the kid who got his finger bit enough. They want to do what? Kill some orders. No, we don't know anything about it. Okay. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60. And he's the first time calling the shower. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Ray Whitney, look alike with TMJ. Yeah. What's going on? Your way, way, way, way, way, way, way. Look alike? I've been mistaken for a couple of times. It's cold coast. I believe that. Well, I apologize. I had a nice school. My parents spent about $8,000 to find out what my headaches were caused from. Pomp. That's the CAT scans. There were every kind of questions. How do you like that? And then my checkup at the dentist. That's me. I said, yeah, so he's sitting in the house. What's he like? And it's been even the same thing about the headaches yesterday. I didn't realize that. So in other words, this is all connected together. Everything. All of the things. I don't get that. It puts the lotion in my basket. Right. And I don't have the grinding of the tea. If I just had the real bad headaches. And he's sitting with a brace because I was, it was an ice-cold plant based on this and ladies. And that stress that I put on the back of my jaw from biting down and clenching. Well, how do you know you didn't have the grinding of the teeth in your sleep? How do you know that? I don't know. How do you know that? Because my dentist told me because they're worn down and I'm not doing it consciously during the daytime. Oh, yeah. If it's not happening while you're awake, it's happening while you're asleep. Process of elimination. Right. Well, the first day gets fitted in the air and the thing you're going to start down on like time, Murray. So don't get nervous. Well, no, I don't wear, I mean, you don't wear while you're, you're wearing it during the daytime, aren't you? Well, yeah, because I had to do when I was lifting weights and plants. I want to start shouting like the client. Yeah, the sportsmen. Like the spokesman. The first day is the worst. I get better than you don't even know you're wearing it. Maybe I'll try it on the air for a few days. Murray, we're working out to shine like guilty. You're a guy. I'm going to pray for proud elbow. It comes back healthy and never. Yes, sir. Congratulations on your maple. So I'm very proud you said that. You're kicking ass. You may be two to one. You know, maybe a little shaky last night they're on a pond, but never less two to one. They got 70 to 79 points. I look at the standing there and I see 37 wins. I see 79 points. And I think to myself, Pat Quinn is God. Mike Smith is God. And he can't ride maybe not be all that bad because he's leaving him alone. Well, they're doing it for you. And Sergei, Baris and his God too. I'll put you that pal. And I do it like they're winning. And Derek King and Mike Sullivan and all those go in. I'm going to have a great day, Ray. Thanks, Bob. Okay. He looks like Ray Whitney. That's for you. Two open lines in Broward, 560560, did I leave off Igor Coral? I believe him out. And Derek King, I mentioned he got a goal last night. Nice going, Derek. And of course, Matt Sanding, go to the outside and Fredric Maudine. What a team. Alan Johnson. Mike Johnson, Alan McColley. Alan Johnson, he's busy with pumping a park trying to get off the rail. Come on, Alan. On the outside, one time, Alan. No. Hey, won't let you out. Yeah, I love pumping a park. I do have to say this. You know? Wouldn't it be nice? I love Kevin Wallish. He's a good guy. He's a great talent. Bruce Ranger. He's a great guy. One of the top guys we need to refit Brucey Ranger. He's a danger. But once in a while, let's somebody else. I mean, even Margaret Goodman, they later went to race last night. Not a go on Margaret. And I don't know how to let it go, honey. Whoever she is, probably Billy Sister. But just like spread it up a little bit. Spread the wealth around, little guys. Too much, you know, come on to those two, all our N80s and horses. Here's a mobile in-tempered pine, hello. I'm Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to talk about these no birds from Quebec. I think it's getting near that fireman here when I guess they're heading back up north, right? Is it? I hope so. Another couple weeks, I think. Yeah. I think once, once, once they clean off the pass over leftovers and once, Easter's gone and they've sucked up the last chocolate Easter egg. I think that's it. Right. And then go dry. There's what does that work the right? But any comments about the, you know, our buddies on Hollywood Beach? If they're a little pseudo dating fish? Okay, we have an open-line at Broward 560560. You know, you bet it's 1999, the century, the millennium, they're both almost over. You better get with the program, okay? You're dealing, I talked to a sitting rose and bird, he'll tell you. You're digging up material that's older than Moushousla, that's older than Sunnyboro, rose and bird. God. And then, see, when people like that call and they're not in anybody else, even the frogs, who is this guy to knock anybody? Talk about a lack of material as in your speedo. 25 past noon to five 60 WKM, was I just telling you how much I love Pomp and O Park? I know you had a good time there last night. See, it's another one of those places. It's kind of like Vegas. I mean, that quite like Vegas, that is mainly on lights. But you go to Pomp and O Park and even if you lose your ass like we did last night, you have a great time. We reached, we have a good time. Oh, yeah, we did. That was a great time. Oh, and I haven't told the ice cream story yet. Well, I'll get to that later in a minute. No, that's, that's important. You're a great guy, Derek. But canterbills, you know, we thought canterbills was making a big comeback. Oh, oh, it's huge. Be cheap on coming. Fort Worth. Well, I was thrown out on drug, and I'm few down the road, because that was bailed with his liquor and looos. We can't lock them in, with a car in a stand, and I'm a friend of Phil W. He's a man, and pala wiggis canterling you out of your pants. You're a thundering through. You're visiting some tree, because you're entering a field where the woman who's gonna have a tune. You see what a friendly one. You give it well steps, give it well steps, bounce, give it 13, maybe more. That approach stops and now for my shoulder. Turned out, it was a blow. I would like it. Won't you give me 12 steps, give it 12 steps, bounce, give it 13, maybe more. No. I'm getting real tired with my pain, give it 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. That's me in a beat, time. Trust anybody, five, 50, come, Kim, Kim, Bo, camper, and for Hank Goldberg from the Honda Golf Classic and Croquet Classic to the 6th of September. Boogs hobby, 6 to 9, 30, who will be eating a few meals on the air, he's learned from us. Don't be eating, no more, Boog, not this year. Take this year off for me, okay? Just a little water. Just a little sip. He'll be on 6 to 9, 30, and then 9, 30, never got an NCAA basketball. Texas and Purdue. Any doubts who were rooting for an FK Texas Brideal. No. We root for the big 10 team, right? We don't root for those southern rednecky teams like Texas. The long horns. So anyway, this ice cream story. See, I shouldn't have said that. Because it blows the whole, I guess that's the end of that story. Well, that make a difference. So George has got a story that he went home and he's doing his adkins yesterday and it was, well, what's your ad? See, I don't, with you, I make no difference to me anyway. Because you're a little shrimpy guy that weighs about 10 pounds. Little lids like you that tell you me a song that it shows up even though. Well, I have no sympathy, okay? Be it a big fat slob that I am. But nevertheless, George was trying to have a good weight day. And little and behold, his lovely wife Crystal had a surprise waiting for him. No, that's not a bitch. Yeah, right. Now, all of that was you did that. I didn't do it. Boy, it's going to be a little bit weaker than I think. What? Eddie still call me. Hey, I listened. Why wasted time, okay? Don't even dignify him. And even the people are going to talk to him. So at any rate, she has not only one, but two pipes have been in geries that she's brought home. Because she figures George is always scouring the house looking for chocolate and even always happy when he finds that it's not there, nevertheless, she's being nice. So there was one pint for her, and one pint for George, which he ate almost the what the flavour was it by the way. It's actually of course. it was fish food. Oh my god. So anyway, last night worth the track and I had a bowl of soup and I'm drinking water and diet soda the whole night. In fact, it retains his meal with sure I didn't credit yet a steak he was, you know, someone unreasonable behavior for him. Didn't eat too much. And our friend Derek who joins us at the track was a great guy even with that caterpillar stock school back in the toilet again today. Oh, look at 45 and a half just came up down five and three eights. I should have sold it yesterday when I had a chance you jackass you kneel you're an idiot. Yes, I am. But never let's little come back. So anyhow, Derek shows up about 10 after 70 walks in he comes out of the table there in the dining room and he's got a plastic public's bag in his hand. Okay. Now this is the same Derek who last season, no, when we're during the summer meet. I guess that in the fourth floor brought a whole bunch of pastries. Remember he brought all kinds of, you know, and then he brought a lot of those pastries. He should have freed their loaded with sorbetal and all other good stuff. Yeah, that was last summer. And he said hey, try some of this. It'll make you sh**. Yeah. And sick too. And it did. So now he brings a bag and I can see I can already see what's in the bag. I can see the outline of two pints of Ben and Jerry's ice cream. And with the big smile on his face Derek says, hey, look at it. I had a stop at this door. I just had to bring you something good. I mean, see, I know why Derek does this because he wants to be a nice guy. You know, he's already a nice guy. Derek, we love you. You're a great guy. You're fun. You don't tell us any bad horses. You can just quiet. He just, he's just great. He's a kind of guy. You want to be at the track. He's a racetrack guy. Great. We don't need you to bring this anything. So he opens up the bag and hears a plan. Of course, I didn't even see what kind of one was. But the other one was chocolate cheering RCA frozen yogurt. He said, oh, well, one is ice cream. But I know you're trying to cut that on the fat. So I brought to the yogurt. I grabbed the two pints and I turned it around. We're literally a ingredient. So I said, look at this. The ice cream one. Carbohydrates, grams per serving 26. Which in a pipe has got, I don't know, like maybe eight servings. They say, whatever. Like about 200 grams of car. I said, okay, let's look at the frozen yogurt. Grants for serving 39 more that low fat bull crab propaganda. I put them back in the bag. I said, take this down to your friends on the fourth floor and please Derek, don't ever do this again. Please, please, I beg you, Derek, you're a great guy. You're killing us. Neil and fat rich. The last two people in the world, two fat diabetic old Jews. The last two people in the world need to, it reminds me that's that story I told about the famous man. We're going to reopen the famous restaurant there in Danya. Remember that? That pink palace that would the guy and his wife who had the lug amputated? Seriously, they both, I remember what their names were. They can't possibly be alive anymore. They were going to reopen the famous and I went and I wanted some kishki. Oh, what we got to, we got to thought out that it'll be about 10 hours come back, you know. That's your didn't last too long. But forgetting about the fact, you know, and so what do they have? They're sitting there having appetizer with me. They're having a chocolate, what do they call it? What is that in the York thing? With the shelter and the chocolate, what does that really mean? Ed creme, how do you know that? I love Ed creme. Not me. I don't even like that crap. But anyway, they're having this and they're pouring the Hershey, I'm getting the Hershey squirts just watching them pouring the Hershey syrup in his Ed creme. And one guy sitting there, I can't remember whether he's the guy or the wife had the leg appetit because they're both biabetics. I mean, I grant you, I've been here on a diabetic for like 11 years and I've been eating all this fish food and junk, which has made me very sick. Now that's part of it. I'm sure, maybe my jaws falling off from you know that fish food. But the fact is, I haven't had a leg appetit yet. One, one's your thing. You know, we always talk about getting the good scare, you know, losing some weight. Wouldn't you think that once your diabetes was so bad that they had an appetit, like maybe that might just like send a message? No, no. No. Let's have another chocolate egg creme, Dolores. What ever her name was? God. They couldn't possibly be alive anymore, cause they didn't know I doubt it. Why are you first? No. Why don't you? A little ball. I'm so hearty for you. But once you please help, just be all. Look, like don't touch. I was you with stripped down your bare skin, coat yourself with light. Oh, baby, I want to have my penis was standing straight up. Oh, so hearty now can't move. I just want to do you. Do you want me to? I don't you have. Give me all. That's a lot. How 44. 5. 60 WQM. So anyway, the Greg Registrar, me down the new times. Thanks to Everbrock, this any mention you brought it in by wasn't paying much attention. Robert. Oh, thank you, Robert. So at any rate, all of it's, I should have mentioned you brought it in because I noticed Greg said to me, there's some stuff flipped out and noticed in where it's got the best gay bar, some of that stuff's been flipped out. So whoever had this maybe making some plans for the weekend. Well, I'm just telling you what's flipped out. Yeah, we're going to have best gay clubs, bars, glory, whole section, that's flipped out. Huh? What does that mean? I'm just telling you what it is. He, he, he, when he handed to me, he said, some of it's flipped out. I don't know what, I'm telling you what it's all about. Somebody's looking for something. Somebody's looking to have a great time this weekend. We know that. If you look for the glory hole, Evidently. So where is the media stuff here? See, I don't, I don't think any of the good stuff is left in here. I think this is going to turn out to be kind of like Greg himself. Useless. I don't, I don't see anything. This rock concert, this reggae band, this gay band, this diva, best venue for live music, the chili pepper. I mean, most of the stuff the best neighborhood bar in Palm Beach, Gatsby's Palm Beach. Oh, give me a break. Best script joint, Cheetah 3 in Pompatau Beach. Cheetah 3 in Pompatau Beach. Up there, where all the hookers hang out there? On 31st Avenue. It says no gimmicks, no bell's or whistles. Just beautiful women stripping on three stages continuously until lights come up with the ladies drain your wallet, whichever comes first. Little plan words here, I guess. Best sports bar, hot shots bar and videos and sunrise. Best one. Ah, no, there's nothing in here that we want. Where's the good stuff? Where's all the performers? The TV? Oh, here we go, like I said. Here's some of it. I think most of it's the best place to a watch 14 year old girls with churcine here, mashing, club queue and navy. That's the pitch. Best polking musician, best comedy, best radio station WKPXFM, Piper High School. I would agree with that, not even a contest. To me, station in town on F.A. Readers Choice WPBZFM the buzz. That's gotta be Palm Beach, hasn't P.B. See, this is the problem when they lump, this is the Suncettinals problem always has been. They lump, broward and Palm Beach together. What they don't understand is that those of us who live in Broward, they didn't Broward are like as much as we hate to admit that we're like connected. Palm Beach is alien. It's like a wannabe. It's like an appendage, you know, like a little tiny appendage. Best local rock band, creased. Every here, every place. Are they good? They sent us a bit that we could never play. Something dirty, good. I like him. Don't think so. But where was the one that's in? This thing goes on. And then it just ends. I think it's all been ripped down here. Right? Where it starts, where the gate bars and gate clubs and glory holes are. And that's where it ends. So it's nice that we got a partial, but that's about all we got. We're like the guy that Dennis was going to say, I'll give you a partial. I said, I already got one of those. Here, whatever, whatever he said, we have no idea that nobody really cares. What he said, he said he's a pissed off and fired up. Something like that. Open line in the two open lines in the day, five six seven, five six eight and five six the unimobile one line. So I'm going to bring a no more ice cream to the track. Please, Derek, no more food. We get all the food we want there. And guess what? They got ice cream. And we don't have to pay for it. They treat us great there. We wine and dine and whatever we want. Which last night we were on our best behavior, even the fat man. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. I have a request for an question and then ask me about Mike Berneran. My request is that you could do the lotion, the basket. No, you're not okay. If I quit Mike, I want to do it. No, man, I don't want to put too much in there. Okay. Do you need to do it up so much, yeah? You're always talking about things. A lot of people don't know what to which which talk about. Good. What is what is what is a glory hole? Yeah. What is a glory hole? You're being honest with me, sir. Yes. How old are you? 36. 36. You've never been in a public restroom or the like, you know, several uh sit down toilets together there. Right. And like a wood where the dividers are made out of wood. Right. And you've never been in a restroom that had a whole drill through the uh oh no. You've never been in a well, okay, hang on and you're to get your dress will send you the new times. Okay. Oh, that's right. The guy took that section out of whoever brought this in. Sorry Robert. We have an open line of day to one at Brower at 560560 and POM560 and the mobile one. This guy's pulling my leg. Is there anybody really that naive? There guys that predict it's like, well, what's graffiti, you know, the people really write graffiti on the arrest room walls? No, no. Did you see that bus? Those two guys? Yes. Now, you know, it's interesting and Amsterdam. There are areas where they encourage them that where they're allowed to do and there's some beautiful graffiti. But I mean, it's not like in a residential place. But it's like out in the open uh they won't talk to them about. But I'll tell you guys that take those spray cans and go graffiti all over the place. Uh, I say electric chairs when I say we get a good a twin cedar for those two kids. Oh, they they weren't recognized enough. I read the article this morning. They weren't getting enough recognition. Crook and chrome. Yeah, crook and chrome recognition for what? I say stick their ass both in chrome. Do you can't get in center? This is what I say. Let them see how much graffiti they can spray on the barbed wire. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Okay. That was good. That was great. What do you wait about half an hour for that 500 minutes? That was good. Make it on here. I don't think so. Opaline a day one in Brower. 5 6 7 0 5 60. God you're enjoying the show pal. Have a great weekend. Okay. Don't put too many of those in your mouth either. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and Pomp 5 60 on a mobile one line. God. I'm telling you man, some of you guys out there, some of you real much, oh, guys. I don't know if I'm going to be able to stand in of the three and a half years. But I think so. I'm pretty guy to end confident of it. Boy, I mean, just a pussy, just a little pansy with really weak candy ass material man. God, are you a silly goose? Anybody knows guys that come up with stuff like that? You're a faggot. Anybody knows that? You're a flaming flaming faggot. In fact, this is the guy that takes the dramatic drill into the restaurants. That's right. He's got a battery operated one and a drill too. Drill and glory holes wherever he goes. Here's a mobile and store. Hello. I'm El. Yes, sir. Neil, I was channel surfing the other day. Yeah, there you mean actually. And I was watching the footage, you know, you know, you're not on Paul and I flipped over and all Robert has a son, Richard Robert. Have you ever seen him? What's his name? Richard Robert? Yes, I have seen him. Yes. Well, he laid hands and he put his hands on the TV screen and then you can back up to it. And I was thinking you know that right. You can stick your back to him and for your rod, yeah. While you had that rash on your foot, maybe you could hold your foot up there. I don't have any rash on my foot. Oh, there you go away. I have a rash on my neck, but thank you. I'm going to hold my neck up to the TV either. Well, I'll go see Richard Robert's so calm ascreen. Boy, these people confused or what? Up until a small bit I never realized how confused they are. By the way, in about 45 minutes, I'm going to be going upstairs to do some stuff with that new studio and George is going to do about what are you going to do for 20 minutes? I'm going to play a comm set away by Cartman. Okay. I've got to get the organized and last details we're doing and new studio up on the third floor. And yeah, open line and Broward to a date. Come on, let's go here. We got at least I got about 40, 40, five minutes to kill here yet. We haven't really gotten, you know, but basically other than Paul Harvey Jr. They've been thoroughly encouraging about the monthguards for my thing here. Certainly encouraging. Except the one guy that says, well, they're going to have to, you know, a big operation and put your jaw where you're ear used to be and all that other stuff. I think he was getting a little bit carried away. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Okay, sir. What are phone? Is this a pay phone? Yes, sir. Terrible phone. I'm very sorry about that. Can you tell me about that? It's got about 20 pounds of cotton and bat in it. Go on it. Okay. Do you know when the movie The Godfather that's sunny oven and having all the other women they had had two wives to act for such plays. Why did the movie? No. If you look at the first scene where they're at the wedding, you'll know there's a couple of short scenes with his wife. Do you know what that is? I don't know what her name is. Read a marino. No. If you go a little bit further in the movie. No. When listen. Read a marino does not play or send. Listen, listen, listen. When Clementa comes into sunny skitchen. No. And says, the words on the street you father's already did. Right. Take a look at that actress. No. No. Different actress. Trust me. It's a different actress from Rita Marino because she was never she never played that role in the first play. Trust me. You know, two of those you do in the $10,000 pyramid with the clerk. Trust me. Two groups. White House? I'll go look out of the game, but I'm sure you're wrong. You're a short series of these positive. Yes. Right. Yeah. Two qualities. I'll go look at the first one anyway. Two quality groups. Okay. And have a great day. Okay. Now to one call here. How do you like that? We were rolling along. Singin' a song. We were really kickin' some serious answers here today for a Friday. Or they got some stupid basketball games on our what? There must be something going on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Yeah. Actually, I would never even dawn on me that would be doing almost three hours today. On the ass end of a week where they've really been very very short of material this whole crowd. Even a bunch of try to be wise guys, worst material I ever heard in my life, just pathetic. Even a little kid that's been on the street corner waiting for the bus in the morning to got better material than you guys. Here's a mobile in Hailea. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? Okay, sir. First of all, I'm a 33-year-old man. I have never heard of a glory hole until you explain. Oh come on. Never. You've never seen that? No, I've never had and when you see that, I must roll off the road. I thought it was laughing so hard. Yeah. It's not an unusual. I've got a bus. I've never heard anything. I would not say God bless you. God only knows what I was talking about the other day. Who knows what's on the other side? You know? The other thing I talked about, looking for a strange, but anyway. You were talking about all the best places that they have been the Broward and West Palm. I actually have a club that's listed in there in the bus. It's the best comedy club. I just wanted to invite you in a CS show. No. No, but given a plug. It's a talk of funny comedy club in David. Yeah. Now, didn't Chris Baker used to do his stick there? Chris Baker used to be an unsheaver work there. Yes, he did. See, that's why I'll never show up there. Oh, no, come on. I just don't know. No, I just don't know. If you ever want to show my name, Andrew, come on in. I'd love to see you there. Okay, and if anybody comes in and personating, you look for a freebie. Be sure and check ID. Yeah, and I'll make sure that I drill a hole between them. There he is. Oh, no. Then you really get some business. There you go. Okay, you have a great day. Thanks, but okay. Now, looking for, oh, look at his best early bird special, Chuck Statehouse various locations. You know, something that is a good place, but I just changing neighborhood. You know, the one in plantation and 441 just out the Broward Boulevard. You don't? Chuck Statehouse? That's not your part of time. For I've lived in plantation a long, long time. You realize that? I've lived there what about 82 years now? Man. Now, you need to hear a lot. That's a pretty good at least it used to be. I don't want to come on here and say, that's a real good place all of the magazine's is it is. But that was a pretty good place, but the neighborhood is just not the same as it used to be, even the Taco Bell down the street little bit there. You know, you used to go there a lot. Which if you're on the Atkins by the way, you can do Taco Bell, just don't need to show at Taco Bell. Just take a long, little dog that him eat that crap. Just eat the stuff and what's inside. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. That's all for meal today. The arms and taps you make. I'm sure it nails does it mine. Rolling souls. Now two or three sport goals. And here we're deep that blows. And the rest of us with five turn off the radio. The parts of the face. It's falling and it's just a long day. It's all. And such a goddamn pity. The time for those who don't like to think and get excited from re-talking the same. The parts of the face. Oh, no, it gives a f***. More dead than the entertainment. The bar was once their payments. The tractor was agreed with must be that despite the ratings if they have to pay the bill. And hopefully, if I've been on the ins, the brains are getting in the car the day is falling. Time to make a sandwich on the day's fall. A rather huge event exciting at the sound of drying a new design for those with trouble hitting late. It's hard to get fall. Or life's a natural spot. Once model into the rosé, the fish pun and add in fish pun. It's hard. Oh, no one gives a f***. And fun. The tractor up the dirt base line. A very good one. Take a final third basement. That's the thing. It's not a first-year reference. Well, okay, it's 102 at 5.60W. You have a slightly finely fine. You've got to look in the directory in here and then you find the thing. It's the way back in the beginning. All the stuff we're looking for as opposed to those silly, best glory hole things that have been chopped out here. Best TV news anchor according to new times. I'm a just ridiculous. Tim Maloy WPEC channel 12. It's just thank God for local news anchors when the world is cold and alien. They brighten us up about a official smile on the sterile quip. Carefully stripped of any age or artificial humor. WFORT. Angela Ray is our best friend. Channel 7's Rick Sanchez is their idealized version of a real man. Big and shameless. It says. As in. Sorry, Kansik. Tim Maloy is way to second. Definitely not our best friend. He's not big either. By the way, Rick Sanchez before I go on is not big. He's about two feet tall. Right? You, madam. He must sit on more phone books than Bob Mayer does. Anyway, speaking of Tim Maloy. It says he's a little wooden even kind of geeky. Deadpans, their study delivery, his happy talking and all that happy. Doesn't jump out of the seat when a story breaks. They like him. Okay? The man has credibility because he knows that news like revenge is served best cold. Readers, toy, so. Dwight, Lauderdale, WPLG channel 10. Oh, what? I guess they don't realize he's aged about 80 years in life through years. Since he chopped out the mustache. Best weathercaster. The reader's picked Don. No, and I agree. But of course, generally being a little bit on a different side. New times they like Chris Don, Channel 7. I don't even know who the hell that is. Do you know who that is? Good. Best hotel in Broward, Logo, Marry, Zorp, Best Hotel in Palm Beach, Booker, Resort and Club, which we can't afford to stay there. Yeah. Nothing else really, all that interesting when you come right down with. Any other radio stuff in here besides me and there must be something else here besides me and KPS. That should tell you a lot about the state of FM about music radio in this town. I've always been telling it. Don't say that because if I thought a good music stage I'd turn you onto it immediately. I'd say, what are really great? I'd say, when you wake up in the morning on Monday morning, you can't you know what I'm listening to, or when you're going to fall in love with the blanket, but it doesn't exist. Because there is no good music station. So KPS, a high school station, by for high gets the award. How do you like that? Because music radio in this town is so God damn bad. So week programmed by imbosiles, by simple things, by quizlings. Here's a lady in the West Palm Beach, hello. Hi, this is Margaret Goodman. Yes, Margaret. How are you doing? Great. That was my big win last night. Congratulations. How come you didn't tell me before the race? You sat there in a pocket and all of a sudden, this race. Here came Margaret whipping and slashing and driving. But it sounds better. Doesn't it sound more exciting than that way though? But I let out a screen that I think you could hear throughout the screen. No, I got out. Is that the first race you ever want to pump a park? No, I want to, I've learned about a month ago with power man. At Pumpkin home? Yeah. But I wasn't updating it with a non-bedding race. Now, maybe you can explain this to me because Richard and I were talking about this last night. It's the amateurs for the people that don't know which is almost everybody. It's the amateur driving series. And now, some of the people that are like provisional drivers. Right. But you and like Joe Penatio, of course, who's got his own horses and drives a lot are not provisional drivers. But what does it mean to be an amateur? Because I know some of the guys who pretend to be fibrous, it probably will believe me. They're amateurs. Oh, sure. That's a different point. What does that mean? What do you know? The amateur is a driver. He hasn't received any compensation for driving in the last 10 years. Right. So there's a couple of members of our club that actually have their A licenses. Yeah. Have in driven in 10 years there's an have restarted up that are driving. I think Joe Penatio, I believe, has his A license. Yeah. Or he may be a P license, I'm not sure. But he has an amateur status. He does, if he does take a drive for someone else or even on his own horses, he never takes the compensation. It's donated to charity. How do you like that? It's great. And right now our whole club is donating all our drive money to the Florida Standard Brethren retirement foundation. Great. So the horses are getting the benefit of that. For all those animals you're going to be so hard making too much money. Yeah. And it is so much fun. And people that want to get into it, all they've got to do is get on the track and talk to the day seers and he'll get them going on it. Right. They're teaching everybody. If I'm a couple of drivers. I've got to bring a son Brian in his town for a few days. Brian really could teach him how to drive with the great. Oh, I know. I wish he would. What guys? I don't want to tell you anything. I don't tell Jay that I said this. Okay? Because he's a real nice guy. I know him. He's an ice guy. But he's see his family. They talk about jeans that skip a generation. No, seriously. Because his dad, who had been seers, is in the Hall of Fame. He was a great driver. And then Jay came along and Jay was like, need to compass in a road map. You know. And then his son Brian is up there in the meadows. He's great. He's a tremendous driver. Am I right? I don't know. I would want to put you on this bottom. No, that's great. Yeah. Yeah. He probably would. Congratulations, Margaret. Next time, let us know ahead of time. Okay. Okay. And tell you, he made it. I don't, I don't race. I'm going to win. And tell Joe Pinacio. Thanks for going up in here. There at the start of the race. Okay. See you later. Bye bye. Nice calling, Joe. We have an open line of day. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp 5 60. How do you like that? Marry children from Pomp and O Park. Do you want to race last night? Did we have it? No. I'll tell you what we had. We had two. We'll find some better. You know something. Now that I think about it. I can't do that. Can't be next. That's again. Oh boy. Now they got my jaw to work on. Hmm. And in fact, stop them. Think about it. And I don't, I don't know. But you know, the heat and the flushed face because I know all the stuff. And then I, that's all got to be connected. Doesn't it? Wouldn't you think? Or do you think that's a combination of two things? Do you think maybe it was the allergy to the adlet with the flush face and the little rash. And then the the stress about all of that, the gnashing a teeth, the grinding and then all this other stuff. See, this is what God does to your boys. You girls are like young people out there. You get a little bit older and all these things start falling apart, creaking and crapping up. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. How are you doing? They're meal great. I have a long time list. And I go back to you to the day to W TPS. Wow. I wanted to talk. Thank you for Bob and Tom. I'm joyless in the morning. Hey, there's another alternative for the morning. They're great. They are fantastic. I just I dial up and every time I drive in my car, I'm just sure I love Bob and Tom. Now I'm going on to Las Vegas next week and you've mentioned a steak place and I would like to get the name of that. Rosewood grill. Rosewood grill. Mm-hmm. Try and I'm strip. That's great. We're expenses very good. Well, don't mind spending the money if it's good food. Thanks so much. Have a great day. No, I'm going to have a great time. But why? I don't know. I'm going to write down on my dog. The sound of Mark Simpson and Miss Diggy having lesbian sex. I'm going to speak to you. Oh, I do. It tastes like a white white white. You too, it's like a banana pasta. Thank you. Oh, it's really the black color. Oh, yeah. Oh, it can be hard. Could it give me a $50? No, let me ask you if you want to count season that or one. 1,4, 10, that's 5, 16, WQM. We have an open line in date to a brown at 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Look at this. They got one of these. The mavens on here on CNBC. Oh, the market is overpriced and we're overlooking this and we're like, that's why we're having such a tough time. It can 10,000 a day. Why did they even waste their time with these people? They bring 15 different people on there. They got 15 different opinions. There was a lot of those that they're asked from your armpit. And the Dow is down 24 points. I mean, I don't think like the sky is falling. And the next time 40, which year, if that's great, but nevertheless, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. The George Rodriguez showing about 25 minutes. The George Rodriguez show. Well, I got to make sure they hang that thing right up there. You know, I want to make sure it's on right. And also I help drill those holes in the right spot. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I never had a call, but I heard you talking about Taco Bell and about your John and just how this weird story I got on the internet home from my friend Skurl, I went to Taco Bell and she picked up a chicken burrito and then the next day she went to the doctor because the two days later she went to the doctor because her jaw was really swollen. And then after a couple of days of swelling outwards, if you could hardly move her John, then she went back to the doctor. They rubbed them still out of her mouth. And inside the tissue samples, they said that the soft taco had the pregnant roach in it. And that's at the egg. Somehow got the eggs got into her saliva glands. And then she was incubating them. They removed it a couple of days later. The things they got to worse the labored when I think we got into your rectum what it was. We work out another one over the weekend. Okay, so we didn't give a kiss to your two boyfriend's two by the way. We have an open line in date all three all three and Howard all three and all right. Come on. Let's get some of the right. We're nearly crowd on here. He starts Monday morning on 12 30 AM on your dial. Big Tom, jickestory. We broke the news today. We had a bit controversy there with the Henry Burrow's agent calling in there Mark Benson Henry Burrow. Oh, agent. What happened to Ali? Is he what we call himself? I know what their connoom over at Waxy. He's an ass. That's what they all say. What do we get? Like 72 calls even people that don't work there anymore. Connoom George off the earth and all my gut Mark Benson don't put him on here again. We were in fact we were going great to let call soon as he called that was the end of the road for the week. Here's Miami. Hello. I'm Cornel. Yes, sir. I got a report for you. Look down down here in 27, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 20 street North West. There's a Q and hardware store and our gore is on his way. And it looks like, you know, they got the whole police force, the fire trucks, the bomb squad, and all kind of crop going down down here. I didn't know if you knew about that. There's a human hardware store. Yeah, he has got a seedle lumber. Yeah. And our gore is on his way. He's got such a wooden first now. They maybe trying to find a mask. Maybe he's going to do the macaroni. It could be that could be. You know, we'll work on it. All right. We'll check it out. All right. Thank you. I'll revert it. Okay. Open line and day to and Broward, 4122 and 4 miles. What we sure haven't had a call for a miles in a long time. We left them in the dust. Oh boy. The only we only got that guy with his Colombian fetish over there. He's getting released. I like I said the first call he called he was still. That retard. 567. 0560. Town 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Do we even know anything about 4 miles? No, I was still on the air. Do we know any reports? No. Okay. I was still on your and data Broward. Do we know? No. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. This is Amy. I'm a first time caller. Hi, Amy. How you doing? Good. I just want to tell you about the uncle's funny is that your caller was calling recommending. Yeah. First of all, it looks like a cafeteria inside. And then if you want, it's that's the place to go if you want to see the ultimate epitome of white trash. Women, panty hoses, sandals and men, mask, car had. Yeah. Let's want to talk Chris Baker use the hangout there. So, recommend it in plus I think that they hire only the lower end comedians. Yeah. Well, like I said, that's why Chris Baker used to hang out there. Yeah. All right. No, this one's taking it. Yeah. And this guy thinks that I'm going to go there. He really believes I'm going to go there. Does it? Is he really? No. He knows better. And how about the the notches with the fake cheese sauce? There's a real nice. Okay. I'm well, let's take your word for it. Okay. We have one call left at a board. Okay. George Rodriguez show time. Wanna start now? They don't want to talk to me. They're done with me. Okay. Here's George. Oh, hey. How you doing? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 200 open calls lines on the board. I think I got it upstairs right now and check out things out. See what George, of course, or is doing up there. See who he's doing. And maybe explain to what what's your name up in the sales department. What are you gulding is? That that's shocking. Oh, by the way, before we take that one call on a board. Now let's take it first because that's the last call of the day. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I just wanted to make a change of pace that put a code. Is that all right? I'm listening. Many years ago, when they had that amateur baseball league in Florida playing up in like, Cyprus, Crete area, North Florida, and then you used to talk about it. Who used to talk about it? You used to talk about the clubs and then we didn't have the fabulous Miami Marlins at that time. You told us, you should go up there. You mean, you know, the miracle? Is that what they were born in? Amateur team. They were minor league team. Minor league. No, I had to monitor an amateur team. Well, I took my son up one afternoon seven o'clock game and I had the pleasure of meeting you and I'll tell you something. I've been to the Marlins game. I had more fun that night at an amateur game. It was a game. It was a game. I know they're minor league, but they look like little kids. Yeah. If you'll remember, and it was just a great feeling. It stood off a third base. And I remember they did things like they were sending over by planes and they were all types of things. I just liked that. Put all that stuff on right. Yeah, it was just a... Yeah. Yeah. It was just a... just a... It's phone died. If you know, and you know, it's like we just all of a sudden we just entered the Twilight Zone. We just moved into the Death Zone. We moved out of a little bit of reality there for a couple of hours and now we moved back into the Death Zone. This is soon that you got chopped off there. You could smell it. You could feel it. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line is we keep plotting along, sing it a song, try to keep my jaw open until 140. Anyway, front page of the paper today, like I said, Mark Benson won't be too happy about this population surges in Broward, foreign influx. Now, major player in growth. Major player in a growth on Mark Benson's forehead. Busy real estate agents and county number crunches report that many of the newcomers, this is in Broward, are arriving from Haiti, Jamaica, Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil and... Oh, Peru. How do you like that? Is in no speaking in place? Oh, yeah. And see the long-year you keep on there and then we burrow show the less chance he is of getting any audience. Because they don't want to hear some cracker like you Mark Benson on here, but try to be funny, try to be a Neil Jr. Is what we hear. They want to hear somebody speaks to your lingo. Somebody sings us to K. Your Metus. Yeah, that's what they want. Haiti, Jamaica, Colombia, Venezuela. Now it says they're settling in Western, Miramar, and Pembroke Pines. George says, oh, I got out just in time. All these I-75 West areas in Broward are very hot right now with the International crowd said Carlos Villanova of a Junior Deepagne for the Cubs, Texas Brother, a real estate agent for Colwell banker, our good friends, with a largely overseas clientele. And it's interesting on a front page of this chart that they've got in the last year for, well, from 1997 to 1998, the growth, Los Angeles County California's number one. In fact, look at all the places in California, they're top seven on the list. Miracopa County Phoenix, there they're ancient. Orange County, California, old right wingers, number three, San Diego County, California, number four, Clark County, Los Vegas, number five, Harrison Dallas, Riverside, Los Angeles, there are number seven, Rower County, Florida, number eight and growth from 97 to 98 followed by Dallas and Terrand and Texas, and number 15, Miami, Dayton, Florida. That's not, but the one thing I read to this entire article and talks about all these foreigners coming in, but it doesn't say whether any of them are the age of 100, that's the problem. We've had plenty of growth in Broward, but most of them have been like one foot in the one foot out. And every time they croak, we bring two more of them into replacing. 5, 6, 70, 5, 50, Pomp 5, 6, the only 18 T line. Here's a mobile and must pombie, Chilla. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, what pombie? Yes, sir. We won't hold that again, sir. Okay. I think that one of the problems is why you don't have so many colors, because that's a beautiful day today. Yeah, gorgeous. People are doing stuff. They're, you know, they're building. Are you still listening to you when I was at work? And, you know, I didn't have time to call you and say, and comment on the stuff that you were talking about. Right. So, they didn't have the time to do it. Yeah. And, you know, I'm not on the car and I'm on the car from the, but now that I'm not working, it's beautiful days. That's a beach today. I'm not trying to call you and talk to you. And, let's say, I think that there's a lot of people out there that want to talk to you and don't just get discouraged, you know, there's a lot of boring people in Miami. I mean, what's pombie? Yeah. Yeah, I'm not a boring people in pombie. It's believe me. Oh, right. I could just shove all you. Oh, I know. I'm believing me. I'd go to the down there and be boy with the other Hispanics and black. Oh, yeah, those blacks in his panic, so I'll get you every time. Oh, no. Anyway, go ahead. No, I have, what do you call me? I'll be good. What does it go in me? Okay, we got one call left out of board. Yeah. Is that like a gilding? No, you know, when he was really, really trying to say, it's thought that I was stupid. Here's a mobile in the will manners, hello. Hello, New Horror. Okay, sir. I was wondering, how come on your top 10 list of music groups you didn't mention the almond brothers? Because they're not. Oh, yeah, they are. No, they're not. They're not even close to the top 10. How about glad to say nice and direct him? No, good, but on the top 10. What about your first? What about the bugging on? Okay, that takes you out of the cost for today. Here's your, ****. Yeah. Well, it took my CD out. I was going to play some corn for the kiddies today. Oh, I'm getting a gene. I don't have to be dropping crap all over for. I can't do a show from in here. I don't have my profanity all too bad. Too bad. I got stuck to pick up off the floor right here. And they just tried to want to call. I'll come back. Did now. Take care, sir. I got to clean up this mess. Oh, I got one line ringing there. They didn't even want to talk to all of a sudden. They probably heard me play that thing. They probably thought it was for real when that big comes out about its marlins baseball time. They probably believe that. I'm going to play the marmalade and reflections in my life for the rest of the show is what I'm going to do. What a bunch of, oh, man, deadheads. Oh, God. No wonder new time is, uh, gives me so much credit. You're right, guys. Over there in New Times. I'm unbelievable. How I've survived this long with my bad jaw on my fat stomach and my diabetes. I've survived this long in this place. What, what is the glory hole? What is the goyum? Hmm. 1, 26, and 5, 60, WQM. Hemenol. Hemenol, Sully with gaming. See, it's starting at John Pond. You're going to have to do the show. I'll take the check-toe. You look at the glory hole. And keeping up with the current social trends reality, toy companies has introduced its new gang-banger Barbie. Game-banger Barbie comes in your favorite dang colors. Start your collection with Shaneine Barbie's crack-ho friend. Enter Pim Boyfriend's ice-fuck-y-mack-detic-n-e-d. Dang-banger Barbie accessories include a Cadillac elder auto for those late night drive-by shootings of rival gangs and innocent-by standards. It's fun for the whole dysfunctional family. Get it? Today. What's pretty wonderful, I'm Sully. See, it's not about scoopened people. They've got to call me forward and never saw glory hole never heard of that. Call George back during the breaks is okay. Neel says that they drill a holes in the wood, but what is it for? What's the purpose? They want to give for a million with whoever might be an amine. What's the sense of wasting all that time? They want to communicate with whoever might be in the next stall. Sometimes they look at them with two eyes, some of the only one eyes sometimes. But nevertheless, there's a little bit slow. What's a, what's a gloomy? What's a gloomy? Oh, it's Jesus. Open line and then by the way, let's put the calls on hole for George now. Okay, which is about eight minutes away. Why don't talk to George? Five, six, seven, I'll answer them. Reverse. No, here. Somebody QM George about me, you show. Can I speak to me, oh, do you want to talk to George? No, Neel, please. Wait, Neel. Yeah. Hey, well, I'm a George's calls on hole. They want to speak to George. They're done with me for the day, okay? I wanted to ask you if you're going to Kyoyoch on this year. No, you're not. No. I imagine George is. Are you going to Kyoyoch on this year? Never been. Never been. Never will be. He's not going. All right. Take it easy then Neel. Okay, Sam. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Am I going to Kyoyoch this year? No. Do I go last year? No. You're before that next year? No. You're from circus? No. No. No interest. Uh, WQM George Rodriguez show. Yeah, I'd like to talk to the man George Rodriguez. All right, hold on. Hold on for the man. WQM George Rodriguez show. Hello. Neel. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Why talk to George? No, I talk to Neel. Oh, why? I love you. Yeah. The man. Oh, this is that Jack-A. WQM. Oh, yeah. I'd like to talk to Neel. You want to talk to her? Neel. Neel who? Neel Roger. Speaking. Hey, Neel, how are you? Okay. I just want to talk to you about the Barnaby two barge tree. Yeah. I want to know what you thought about. Good trade for you first. Oh, I got you by the way. What? That was a day. Oh, anybody by the way whose number is 954 806 4423? Right at dawn because that is obviously a very lonely guy. This is ed. I'm an asshole. He wants to talk to all weekend of it only. And his mobile phone. 954 806 4423. Can't get you and talk to George. Talk to Ed. Hey, by the way, how things going in Vancouver, Ed. I put them both on a par. Same thing. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neel. How you doing? Okay. Neel. I have my guy's work in on a construction site for a female customer. And up in there and they have your show bond. Right. Did all. Did you? Lori. You're listening to Neil. He said, you can have a hole. You can have a hole. You can have a hole. That's right. He hates you. But he's listening. But they're listening. Right. That's all. Thanks for listening. This is 560 WQM suite. I read how you're doing out there. I just think that. Yeah. Thanks for the good news. Please probably get ready for the big croakete chairman that we're going to be. Oh, Kim, a low-camprobe here at 2, by the way, from the Honda Croakete and Golf Tournament. Kim Bo Kamper, who is absolutely, I mean, given a big gigantic boost. This will probably be the turning point in Kim Bus Career. With Tom Jicker writing a nice piece about him like that in the Sun's Endless Morning. I mean, forget about Channel 4 from the monitor. I mean, that was good. But now that Tom Jicker has given him his total endorsement there, that's going to look Kimber right over the top, baby. You got to make sweetheart. You're in there. And thank God, like I said before, we got somebody on the station. It doesn't have their tongue way of Jimmy Johnson. Right, Joe, my God. Somebody with some balls beside me. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yeah, A-Neal. Yes, sir? So did you see something about Mary? Mary, who? The movie? No. Or something about Mary, no. Yeah, did you ever see that? No. Oh, okay. Did you see how many of this? No. Do you like comedies? No. No. Sir. Will there this meal? No. No, sir. This is Joe Castella. And look at the video. Tell us your. That's a little bit. Oh, Joe wants to make all the time. He's pissed off that I said the courier. I said it was good looking. Again, considering the very marginal looking lot of people we got around here, as far as the guys are concerned, we got, you know, not too many really decent looking people. He's had Zoltin' the course who's a beautiful man, but nevertheless. Huh? Even, no, I see, I've never said that. Joe Castella saw. So, well, which guys do you think are good looking around here? You said I think Zoltin' is beautiful. But other than that, kind of a short list. No, I mean, what do you think is the thing that you've got to bolts? But, you know, I mean, I got a bolts, bought two, but everybody confusing me with Ray Wittney all the time. Yeah, I said, Ray, you found a little bit of a way to deploy your shirt playing good. Nice school there last night. Thanks for winning the game there. And I say, okay. And life goes on. I say, how's Bridget doing? I won't tell you what I say when I say that. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hello? Yes sir. No, this is Nick and Miami. Hi Nick, are you want to win for Jordan? I'll hold it for the man. Okay, hold on for the man. Swink give a New York call, I don't want to talk to your people. Jesus, God, I'll have to take a shower before I go upstairs. Talk to your people. God, what about your slime balls? Yeah, sure, if I don't have to push Josh's feet and I'll have to stall up there if I go up to take a shower. Is there any chance of that? No. Hey, Josh, oh, it's not on the calendar for March. Maybe April. Maybe after Passover, Josh should be taking another shower. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, New York? Yes. What's it going, y'all? You want to talk to George? Hey, listen. Yeah. I want to go downstairs. Yeah, I want to go downstairs. I want to hear the radio call later last night. Yeah. I'm paramptown beach. It was about, I'm like, you look a lot of this data. And about the radio stations and guys. Can you be sports bags really or worked up? What is it? It was about the data about the radio station. Can you read the radio? Can you read the radio? Yeah, whatever that is. And there are ask and always questions. I think that they want to know that they suck. But they're trying to get better. Yeah. So I'm going to answer it. They suck but not as much as they used to. We're taking 80 bucks though. Not bad. Oh well. How much they give you 200 next time. They'll say they're getting in the right direction. OK. I think I'm going to talk to some of your people. Here's a mobile in the red line, tell us. Now I'm right. Now that you know, he was waiting for you. Here's a mobile in Miami, yellow. Yes. Do you have any pictures or posters of yourself? Do I have an emotional? Any pictures? Pictures or posters like a promotional above your station? No. No. We don't have any promotional materials. So I was seeing some, I've never seen you. I heard you're on Miami or something. No. Not in. I'm not on Miami. Sure. Yeah. And by the way, President Lincoln's got a bad headache. OK. So Carlos, I'm on the morning. See how he's doing. Yeah. I'm on Miami. And by the way, I'm going to be starting 8 to mid that on WNWS. Pretty soon, too. OK. That's just after Mike Winery starts on IOD. And by the way, what is the glory hole? And how are the glory? Man, oh man, like I said, OK. Now it's time to call for George. Get on hold for George Rodriguez. It's going to be the fastest, the most citillating, the most dynamic, the most exciting 20 minutes of crap you ever heard in your life. OK. Pure one of the double rated suits. OK. Are you who he is? To return now. I'm going right across to here. Yeah, you used to be a big football star, but now work here. You're listening to the most straight-up person I know. George, guys. Oh, Jesus. Are you fucking kidding me? One second. It's a crap. Is this it? There it is. Just for you, because you miss it when I played it little significant last time. This is for Joe Castellow, everybody. This is great. Very, incredibly funny. And it also kills a lot of time. Since what am I going to do? Talk about Neil Feep. I'm kidding, I way. I'm gonna be caught for the veg. Cause I've got to be free. Freedom is the one. It's a head of me. And then I'm gonna kick you. The pain of the pain. With your goodbyes. I'm gonna be free. I'm gonna be free. I'm gonna be free. I'm gonna be free. I'm gonna be free. I'm gonna be free. I'm gonna be free. I'm gonna be free. All right. We're breaking the wind. Right on the river. We're breaking the wind. I think of a larger thing. And it dreams me. We need to have it forever. And the wiggier. We can have, we miss out. On the hardest day. Every day. Every day. We can. Every night. Every night. Every night. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. We can. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. I'm breaking the wind. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. like you and that disqualifies you. Mobile and West Palm, hello. Hello George. Hello what? Yes. I'm calling and I was just wanted to, okay. Anyway, I want to know what is a go-yam mean? A what? A go-yam mean. Go-yam. You know, some people like them all, some people like to go young. That's what that means. Homestead, hello. Hey, go with that. What's up? And listen, are you seeing that each Jennifer's power? Yes, I saw it just yesterday. I was a new trailer, the new trailer. Oh my god. And the one I said, the wife said, well, the movie better be as good as the trailer. And I said, I better have the story better be as good as that. And I said, ah, I don't care if there's a story. That was just too cool. Yeah, I don't care if there's story to that. That's right. Oh, that I'm finding double-edges lightsaber though. My god, I almost went myself right there. The movie's half over the trailer. It is still going to be good. I'll see you in life. I had an emotional experience. Yeah, I'll be camping out. I'm not going to do that. I already covered that. I'm not going to camp out. I'm going to wait. I'm going to put wax in my ears even more than I already have. And I'm just going to wait until the crowds actually die down. And I'm going to go to a matinee. I'm going to have the place to myself because I'm not going to stand in line like a sheep. And I'm not going to get a bad seat when I go see that. I'm not going to get a boner. I did that. The one and last time, ET, I fell for that. Excuse me, I had lunch. So, what was the friends? We all had to sit in different places in the theater. I got stuck on the edge down by the front. I couldn't see anything. I'm not going to see it. Yes, I will go see it more than once. But I'm not going to go stand in line. You can't get in the wraps around the block. Not me. I've already got a sleeping bag out in front of the AMC. Maybe if Kate Bush came in concert, I would camp out. But I'm not going to do it for a movie. It's not like it's going to disappear overnight. It's not going to be one of these movies. You're going to miss it at the theater. You're not going to miss it. It's going to be. And then they'll bring it back in 10 years. It's going to be there. And I'll wait. I will buy my time. I will go see it. And I'm not going to let anybody ruin it for me. 8-2-5-60-Q-A-N.