Sports radio 560. Do you 2AM? Miami for Lidardell presents the Neil Rogers show. Talk to Neil called 567-0560. Cold, free, red-red-rated garage. What pound 560 on your cell call? Air, and into the fifth guest, Polar's. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. These we read acquisitions or the please we broadcast for the Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560. QA-thout. N-O-N-G-D-O-A-S-U-Z-T-S-O-R-I. A-E-A-D-S-E-S-Band from McMaster by recycle. Hey, if you're fishing for a good time, come clean up. Feel free to stroke our pole. Give them a shake. Be loud, hard, they suckers are. For you use your pole better fails. While we have a fine selection of bashing conscious corrective eye glasses, those who use their poles a little too much. Don't away. Play a master bite and tackle. We're our Lidardell's partner for a while. Because our pole 5-R-I. Lidardell wants to get that fish. You smell off your hand. Sleep in master bite and tackle. Man, you after the big one, we got some big hookers for you and their shape hookers too. Why? We even got jailed by it only 13 years old. Can't be a snake that's sprinkled with good. Paying why you're out there on the boat. You might want to get off. Because those must be a little carry away. You know what I'm saying? Hey, you're a master of your own domain. Get a grip around your rod and stroke it on down. The band master bite and tackle. We're not hard to find and once you come clean, you'll come again. Look, real. I'm on down. We're not hard to be found. And the master bite and tackle the best stack all around. 10 or two, five, 60 W to QM have him on day two. So anyway, guess who cries a lot? I'll give you 5000 guesses. It's in the papers or must be true. He cried and he cried a lot. He probably still cries a lot all the way to the bank. I'll give you 4000 guesses in the first 3,900, and that's said we don't count. Let me give you a clue. We can't sing for crap and Rika. You are a piece of crap. You really are. How could you say that? Just what did it mean? I'm just kidding. But first, don't you don't know which side you've read is buttered on Mr. This is the Enrique intensive radio station. Don't you understand that? Yeah. The Ganton Mishboha is in bed within Rika so to speak. You better cut the crap. And he was on CBS TV this morning. Looking really. Like that. Making those list being sounds. Like somebody we know can do very well. But at any rate, seriously, how could you say that? Much bigger than Enrique at the moment. Riki. He cries a lot. It says, forget much cheese, moe, latin pop star, Ricky Martin lets his true feelings show in a new book, Ricky Martin read Hot and On the Rise, The Puerto Rican Sing sensation recaps his career, which began with the teen group Menudo describes as open as about Shading Tears. Unfortunately, the Menudo rule was that you had to leave the band which reached 17 Martin says, And next, you're published Sunday in the New York Post. My last concert was in Puerto Rico, my hometown. I am a man who cries and I cried a lot, said Ricky Martin, boo, boo. He cries a lot. That band said I could, I can't stand it. Oh, Enrique Martin, Morales, the singer, 27 at a similar reaction after the 1991 release of his debut Sollol album. This is Ricky Martin. The first time I heard my song on a radio, I cried. The next time he heard his song on a radio, I can't, in fact, you know something every time I hear any of his songs on a radio, I cry. How do you like that? Menudo cry. He said it's a very healthy habit. And it goes on and on. Oh, Jesus. I'm going to tell you something. He just makes my skin crawl. He just gets me very upset. In fact, they had a piece this morning on CBS this morning, which 10 other people beside me watched. And it was supposed to be about Enrique and about by a lot of us and how he's going to be the next big crossover artist and so on. And they had that knit with that Jose Diaz ballard interview. And I discovered that Enrique number one speaks with a heavy accent. And number two has a lot of runaway asses. But number three is, it looks of, except for that thing. Well, he's got that mole has got to go. You know, peggy Lee, she had little mole. It was okay. But his mole is growing. Seriously, in fact, I think another couple of weeks Enrique's mole will be larger than his miniscule penis from what he tells everybody. Seriously. And that's bad. When you got a mole on your face then larger than your penis, you got serious problems. You know what I'm saying? I think you do. But anyway, so two thirds of the piece was not on him. He was on Ricky Martin and Jennifer Lopez, which I'm sure you don't mind Jennifer Lopez. And Ana, beyond us, she's not that great as far as her music is concerned. But she sings 50,000 times better than Ricky Martin. Okay. She can't sing for crap. And yet she's a million times better than Ricky Martin. You women out there. You just don't get it, dude. Do you get it? No. No. Not even close. None. Zero. Zibdi Duda. But that's where it goes. We don't be gross. Amazing. Do we? Do we? Oh, piece of crap. He cries a lot. There's a great letter to the editor in thenocent, and this morning one of the great letters in the history of mankind. Oh, thank you Graham, Cardi, and Pompano Beach, whoever you are. This is like a DNA slider. I could have written this myself. It says, Golden Rule covers it. Why does the Christian element in our society continue to stuff it to gender down our throats? Their agenda. From the choose-life auto tags, a doctor, child, wouldn't satisfy the anti-choice elements. The prayers in the school. Can any of these people point to vocation history where religion led to a better life for the majority? No. We don't need prayer to some mythical man in the sky in our schools. We need to follow the golden rule. Treat people as if you would have as you would have them treat you. DNH. That's all I said. If this were written above every blackboard in every class, you might may do some good, would be non-sectary, and it would be a constant reminder of good behavior. Since Graham, Cardi, and Pompano Beach, that's gone Graham. We're having a call. We're getting an increasing number of letters that make sense to the editor as opposed to all these bigoted right wing of bullcraft, which by the way isn't a real shame that Pat Robertson's have an all-life problem. Let me just tell you. A lot of the NERS. Great. See how the war is turning? So we had a real interesting evening on the Saturday night at Ruth's Chris. Didn't we? All nine of us. Just a little intimate gathering. All nine of us having dinner. Now how do I approach this? Huh? You were there? Yeah. But you're not saying anything. Yeah. Well, there's so much to talk about. There is a lot. One of the most interesting parts of the whole deal was I never saw this guy before. It must be one of the assistant managers or maybe who knows who he is. Maybe he's Ruth's son-in-law. I don't know. But he came over with the to pick up the check at the end. So he might maybe he's the banker because that's how much it cost for nine people. And he said to me, as good as Smith and we're lunchesky. And I went almost, oh, and by the way, speaking there's Smith and we're lunchesky before I get into a very expensive dinner that I bought because my very generous guy. I decided that they've had enough time. They've had more than enough time already to come and get their crap. And they didn't come and get it. We got silver. We got China. Find China. We got a slightly sort of napkin. Maybe Roy, sort of that napkin there. What are we going to do about that guy, by the way? Roy Foster, Kim and you're on Friday, like psychotic. I've never seen him like that. He looked almost as psychotic as his best personal friend. And started rifling to the cabinet for a cigar. And then he looked up and just happened out of the corner of his eye to see that gigantic 75 foot black Dildo that we had up on the couch and the ledge there. I need that. I need any ran out of here and we've never seen it again. Does that sound later that day? Yes. And asked him for it. And he said, no, I need to borrow it. For what? He said, what was he? I don't know what I didn't ask. I just said, don't get anything on it. Oh Jesus God. Oh man. Maybe he and Oji are having like a little thing. Or a big thing in that case. It was darkened. It was his blackest time magazine made Oji. His black is the ace of. Anyway, I'm going to say after 10 at 5. 60 WK, we got the roots Chris story. So anyway, I'm taking my knives. I've decided. I've had plenty of time to come and get their stuff. Of course not all these happens. If they came and took the knives back, they would make a lucky Indian giver wouldn't it? Would it make them nobody likes an Indian giver? I mean, the fact that their food was so bad, that goes without saying. But we'd like to even less if they came and took the knives back. So I'm going to avoid that opportunity to have them take them home today. Look at those. Those are beautiful. Man. And of course, when you got a really tough piece of meat, you need a sharp knife to cut it. 9 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WK, you don't want to take any bullsh** on that. This sucker, there's no love on those. So you got a z, move their full of dust. Move their full of dust. 99. You'll get some of the marks. That's your articles. Three four. One. Mark you mark in the funky box. Because, mocking market. Very vanilla. From the guy's from Millie Binelli, Ben. And then, Kail Dum's. Oh yeah. Train it. Oh, the brand. These are bullsh**s. 99. Sponsored by value, Jack. And that's their ceremonies. Kail and then Monica. Oh, it's their bullsh**. 99. This is your bullsh**. That's 14 at 5. 60 WK. I'm so anyway, here's nine of us sitting having dinner at Roots Chris on Saturday night. And it was pretty interesting because basically I would say that Joe Costello and his very lovely girlfriend whose name is, which I'm Nina. Tuna. See, it's eating now. I understand why I forget. And JPN is very lovely girlfriend Stephanie. Here are the nine of us. But basically it was George and his wife and daughter. Me and John. And the five of us were sitting there watching them and seeing what was going on with them. Dooms. Oh, really? It was like they were all on display. To see what kind of behavior they would come up with. They see with Joe and what's her name again? Tuna. I just, I mean, I'm sorry. It's just not an easy name. She's very nice. But the two of them are like firing water. It's a great combination of those two because the sparks you can tell. They're the pickers and exactly both very opinionated very strong in their ways and feelings and sediments and not budging an inch. I mean, not giving yielding any ground. And that's going to be a very available and fiery relationship. Make no mistake about that. Am I right? I think it right. Now, I'm a little bit taken abacked. Oh, by the fact that Stephanie was very large firm. I don't want to say what the would that be bad if I said she had a large breasts? No, I didn't say teeth. Jesus Christ. I said breasts. That wouldn't be bad. She's got very full firm large Jewish breast. But anyway, she didn't like Joe, which I thought was very interesting. Hated him like poison. Would that be an exaggeration to say no. No, why are you told them that? You don't have to worry about it. Hated him. And you want to, and we were discussing this morning, George. And I were like examining psychoanalyzing that reason. She felt, I'm sure I don't want to speak for Stephanie, but I just could tell already. There are some women who have their men on a very short leash. Don't like that argument of the fact that we saw with Joe and Jenina. I'm very, I'm right. I don't need to have me 17 times. I don't want her to feel that because I like her. I think she's very nice. I think everybody's very nice. You know, even on supposed to be a hard-hearted son of a bitch. I liked everybody that was there that night. But Stephanie unfortunately despises Joe and maybe even not too crazy about Jenina because she didn't. Well, no, see, she wouldn't mind with Jenina. She liked Jenina. Yeah, see, I knew that. She doesn't mind if the woman's the one that's doing all the bitching. But where the guy is like not the real personified and not like what our end of a real short leash. That took her a back several steps. Like, oh, oh, that's a bad example. Don't want to see that. Why? It's a radio show. You know what I'm saying? I mean, the audience is going one, two, three. So anyway, that's just my impression. It was a great meal. Everybody loved the food. Now, I'm probably should ask on here. Was it as good as Smith and Wolinsky? Huh? As good. It says to Joe. We didn't, we didn't need to have a power saw to cut the steak. I'll say that. It was delicious. It was fantastic. It brought us appetizers on a house for the whole table, which was very nice to them. Especially for those people that show up on time was great. They got some of it in the rest of the money on this way. It goes. That's the price you pay when you have allows you directions. It was just a sensational laughing all the way around. You never did the desserts there justice when you talked about that. Because I usually don't eat desserts. I will admit I had to cram burlée. I never eat dessert. Because I go there do the atkins per just about perfect. I'm a spinach or grot and cut it. And they're nearby medium well. And all you people that were hawk in this last week with your song and the answer, well this place is good and the roadhouse grill and the lone starts. They are all this other. Come on. Stop trying to kid us. Okay. If you want cheap fine, that's okay. Go to Denny's and get yourself a nice tea bone. Whatever you like. But it was a sensational experience. And I think them profusely. Here's the facts by the way from Dale who last week was Mike. I think and a week before that was somebody a cathode or club cathode. And every week is somebody else and it's obviously it's the same person but never less it's somewhat amusing. It says we're all crying because of you Ricky Martin. Can't stand that damn faggot and I'm a huge flaming queen. He's not even like to look at anymore. I'll stick to when Ricky and Louise and my mouth is wide open says Dale. How do you like that? Do you believe it? I believe it. And I bet your mouth is wide open. And maybe that's not the only part. So when are we getting back to the important stuff now? How about that Buffalo game? I pretty pathetic performance. They didn't even show up the other night. 12 shots in a game. And for that guy that called Hank by the way, just to prove exactly what I said. There you go again. Who scored the first goal of the game? Who scored the only Buffalo goal in the game? Stooie. Stooie. You see, sir, you're an asshole. You had just like most of the people that call a sports show on his station. You have no idea what you're talking about. Is sixth goal of the playoffs. He's playing out standing and this guy opens up a big mouth. You don't know what you're asking me, well, okay? I'll tell you one thing. You got to hand it to that Mike McDonald. There's an example for all you fans of football and basketball and baseball. Like Mandates says, hockey's where the real men play. Okay, here's the guy's got a broken wrist. He's got a screwed up shoulder. And expected to be out for the rest of the playoffs. He not only isn't out for one game. He comes back to the next game. But plays great to top it all off. They said that was his best game in a play off so far. Even though he didn't score. Nice going, Mike McDonald. I don't even know I hate your team like poison. So Buffalo better show up on Tuesday night. I'll turn it right now. And there's that interesting. We haven't seen Fat Boy yet. Do you think he's back from Buffalo? Maybe he's just in hiding. I'd be embarrassed too if my team just didn't show up at all. No low contend rate. 12 shots in a game. Anybody going to win? Which ties the low by the way for the stand-up. The finals that the Bruins had against Edmonton 1988. I was going there, but I was saying, somebody better wait those bastards up. So on Friday, I was talking about this literature that was sent to me by whoever these people are. This organization called the. The Citizens Commission on Human Rights about the drugging of all the kids. And I read through the hole. There's a big brochure here. It's it's just terrifying. And I'm always the most of your time with it. Although there's a letter. There's an article on the op-ed page in the Haroldus morning. By the anxious area in a huffington who makes my skin crawl. But nevertheless, and she uses most of the article to rip away the clinton. I'm sure you're a good Republican friends area on it. There are the ones that are going to really clamp down on drug companies. Right? No. No chance. They're not the ones that are going to screw with the business. They'll let them continue doing whatever they want. But nevertheless, she talks about the brand heartmen, the wife of comedian, Phil Hartman, killed herself and then her killer husband and then herself while on Zola. Although none of the drug manufacturers will admit that these drugs post none reasonable risk of violent and suicidal behavior. Personal percentage of patients. They can also cause a condition known as emotional blunting or disinhibition. In addition to which. Just one short thing I wanted to read here. First of all, this attention deficit disorder. There is no such thing. I know that. There is no such thing. Tell them that. Yeah. There's no such thing as attention deficit disorder. It's something that's been made up. I thought that was all adolescent boys. With more than 4 million American children alone fraudulently labeled as having ADHD, were allowing psychiatrists to create a generation of drug addicts. Riddle and manufacture admits it's a drug of dependency. In other way of saying that it's a drug of addiction. In the US production of Riddle and increased by 665 percent between 1985 and 1995 with a 500 percent increase in 1990. In some classrooms up to 20 percent of the students are taking the drug. How do you like that? A further 900 9000 children in adolescence between the ages of 6 and 18 are on anti-depressant drugs, such as SSRIs, already on a market. Wait to hear this. This one you will fall off the chair, hang on tight. Already on the market is peppermint flavored project as an added incentive for children. peppermint flavored project. All right. And we can get that way. Yeah. Right outside, right across the street at the little Jamaica town. Right with your weed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They threw in one free table with every live. Peppermint flavored project. But you know something. See these people on the stick. It's a drug lead society. The American public has been brainwashed. Number one to believe in the medical establishment. To believe in their doctors. Most of whom don't know their ass for my elbow. And secondly, to everything they take a pill for. Your fat, here you go. Here's a miracle pill. It's going to make you skinny. Your kid is bouncing off the wall. You go out, put him on riddle and and prosak. It'll make him like real common normal. And then the rest of this book, which I won't waste the time to read. Although it looks like maybe I will. What they'll I just do with it. He's got just pages and pages and pages documenting all these rotest crimes done by all these like in little thin for example. There was one. Or here it is. He's got a lot of things of them. By kids on riddle and and prosak and all these other so-called psychotropic drugs. Zanax, badminton, resin, hell doll and all these other wonderful things. Oh, no, let's start you know banning a video games and let's start the camp and down. Make sure that kids under 17 can see those are rated movies. And let's start screwing around with the television programming. And let's make sure that you can't say this and you don't do that. Just your typical American government band data approach is opposed to looking at the real thing. And of course they don't want to mess with this because this involves big money. They don't want to screw around with the drug manufacturers because all these people spies or all these others do they're on a stock market. So it involves the whole economy. See in America your health doesn't mean crap. Okay, I want you to understand that right now your health means nothing. It's only the money of the people who are dealing with your health supposedly or who are taking advantage of your lack of health. That's what's important. Because the economy far supersedes any other interest in an F and America because that's the American F and way. And so if you want to believe that you know go and watch in the video game. It's just insane on the face of you have to be out of your mind. You have to be a lunatic to believe that by watching phony violence that inspires people to go out and kill somebody. Is if they don't know the difference. But when they start taking these drugs that like like it says take away their inhibitions and make them violent including a lot of it goes on if you're with the literature. People that have never been violent before ever. Turn violent and then when they take them off the drugs that they become dependent on then they really freak out. So I won't waste your time and reading all this literature here but it's fascinating stuff. It's scary stuff and that's the American F and way. That's why kids are out of their minds. But be that as it may. Then we have an editorial finally. In the Assun sent a long overdue and I won't waste your time either with this. Is this the Sun sent a little the hero? I can't tell they both look like the same piece of crap. Auto tag no forum for debate which again nobody in this audience seems to give a crap about this. They choose life thing. If this were like a real place where people stood up and got pissed off about important stuff as opposed to some stupid ball game. People would be pissed off about oh yeah what are they worried about? You know Joe Costello told me something really interesting and that is they had 40,000 people at the Yankee Marlins games. That he's one of the games roughly 40,000 over the weekend because 20,000 about half of the more Marlin fans who showed up. Not to support the Marlins but to Hekali Yankee fans and get into braels and fights. That's what it's all about this time. We don't have any sports fans in this time. There are no Marlin fans there, no Panther fans. With the Panthers it's not so much to get into fights unless it's maybe to range your fans that are down here. As it is to go socialize but there's an all ulterior motive. It's like when it jets in the Dolphins play there's like 75,000 fist fights going on understand all at the same time. That's what it's all about. So that goes to show you where the passion is in this time. But anyway the last paragraph in this editorals you want to be there's repeating. It says it's everyone's right to advocate any opinion here she might hold on the volatile abortion issue. Florida's license tags however are not the appropriate forum for this or any other political discourse. Wow what a concept isn't that tough isn't it difficult to understand that a license tag is that the state makes isn't a place for a goddamn political opinion. That's a real tough one isn't it. It's rocket science. And the people in this state are going. Yeah we don't get it. 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line 1026 at 2 a.m. Neon. When the bomb exploded every new house, racist or still still so many was bad as a monkey's ass. And this rain was in his own. Please. We're doing that bomb game. There is secret to get things. We are the token. Where you talking about China. The door. Oh. We're the token. Yeah. He came and Senate paper call. Oh. Bo MICHAEL. Are you!! Don't look like a hell like a normal clown." To the camp. Hail to the coward in chief. Oh, what? Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no, no. Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no. No, no, no. Wow, you're not going to believe this. You know, this stuff that I just have been reading about, which I believe me, I'm not changing my opinion on it. But guess who up-part of this? It says this publication was made possible by a grant from the United States International Association of Scientologist members trust. So maybe they're not as bad as you thought they were. Maybe they're like putting something decent out. They have a problem with the established us, psychos, We found the Elan homologists and stuff. Yeah, because they're in the direct competition. But there's just all very well documented for you. Oh, no, I'm interested. They're right about all that stuff. Yeah. All the drugs and crap. So should I give the toll free number out or not to the Scientologist? No, it's to the, yeah, to this, uh, citizen commission on human rights. Which is probably a one by them, or should I not? Since you had this big beef with them, which I share by the way, ten times fooled. Huh? It's up to you. Well, no, it's called psychiatry, be trained and drugging children for profit. But I just happened, you know, I want to see who put this out, which I didn't bother reading in the first place, because it's way down there on the bottom of the page for obvious reasons, because they don't want us to realize that. Go ahead and give it up. But mention that, you know, holding onto two electrodes while somebody asked you some questions is in a good alternative either. How about the prepping your eyes up with toothpicks? That, that works. That works good. Work for me. Yeah, working clock work orange real well. 1,800, 869, 2247 in Los Angeles, by the way, 1,800, 869, 2247. Why do you can read it in the side for yourself, okay? But it's very well documented in here. Psychiatry and the creation of senseless violence by Bruce Wiesman, Wiesman. He don't sound like no psychologist to me. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I want to waste the time. Although, look at the tremendous amount of call we're getting here today. We already have one. It's only 1033. 560, I know it's Monday, but this is unbelievable. And pound five 60 on a mobile one line. The cats got their tongue today, baby. There's a mobile in the coral springs. Mobile in coral springs, hello. Yeah, we shouldn't put that. Well, you put the number out so what the hell. But it is a front for the Scientologist. Yeah, I just said that. Okay. But that doesn't invalidate what they wrote in here. It's all documented very well. Well, yeah, it's true. But I hate to, uh, I know. But you know, something is, if somebody brings some good information forward, just because it's a group that you don't like, that doesn't mean you are hiding under the, you know, along to the rug or a gnaw it. Yeah, that's absolutely true. But I hate to give them free publicity for their science. I thought I was the one I was doing it. For their scientific analysis of, uh, analization, yeah. What may be John Trvolt that took so many of those drugs. You know, I can't watch one of his movies anymore. Knowing where the money goes. Right. I can't watch him even if I don't know where the money goes. They're going to make me sick. And I already know they put mayonnaise on their fries and amps to them. So I don't need to see that piece of crap again. Yeah. I won't get into a big fight with him either because then they'll just, they're actually, No, I leave that to George. George is the one, you know, it's got a very strong force. See, first of all, George is in the legal alien. So they can't trace him anyway. You know, they can't document him. He's an unadocumented greaseball. I mean, you know, they try and sound so nice. Yeah. So helpful. Yeah. And they're just a bunch. Well, let's not waste our time with them. Okay. Is that it? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I thought he was caught about something else. Something meaningful, you know. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Of course, we're going to get into that time magazine thing. That's what you're all waiting for. Oh, that really just makes me, and you know, something. Look at a lot of people in this audience. Just like those assholes, those pussy those pizzervide guys that were calling last year. Oh, yeah. We're going to Graceland and it was my idea. My wife was slipping to Graceland or my girlfriend and I going to Graceland. Something wrong with some of you people. I'm telling you right now, like I said, if you like vanilla ice cream, that's okay, but it doesn't hurt anybody. But Graceland, prime magazine is doing this thing with the person of the century thing and they're doing the pull on the internet, the online pull. I told you last week, first of all, Hitler took the lead. And right away, a lot of hysterical Jews got very upset. So then, yet's Hock Rabin was the second leader in the pull pushing Hitler down to number two. Okay. Now, you see the transition here. First and was Hitler. This again is the person of the century, not the best person of the century, but the person who had the greatest impact on the 20th century. Which certainly Hitler would have to be one of the leading three or four candidates. No matter how you like this mustache or his meat tenderized. So then, Yitz Hock Rabin follows. So it's obvious that all is the enormous numbers of hysterical Jews had a put, and instead of voting for somebody that made sense, was Yitz Hock Rabin the man of the century, is there anybody in his right mind that would say that? No, no. Is it even debatable? No. But feel better now because he slipped out of number three on the list. Or number two, I'm sorry. Yitz Hock did Jews are still just to make sure, you know, they're still voting 20 times a day. Yitz Hock Rabin is number two. Eight all fiddlers down to number three on the list. Albert Einstein, must we have another good Jew in there? Number four. But, Jen, to make sure we don't overloaded with Jews, we got the Pope John Paul the second number five. Has he done anything that merits, he took a bullet for Christ? He did do that, I forgot about that. And then he fell down and had the three stitches over the weekend and went, Oh, yeah. Well, what do you expect a little ball guy with a bean? He always goes, Oh, he falls down, just a natural reflex, especially if he's Polish. John Paul the second is number five. Billy Graham is a follows him. Martin Luther King Jr. And look at his no-sinteresting. There's a common thread that runs among so many of these people. Wait till you're the next one. My hand is Gandhi. I guess he was good like if you're big in the weight loss, you know. My hand is Gandhi. Was he the most influential person of the century? No. I mean, he never stole a freight train and he had a, you know, as message was piece. And, you know, sit down and don't eat, you know, that kind of stuff. Which is Dr. Jackson, that's a good idea. Well, hand is Gandhi followed by Ronald Reagan and Henry Ford. Okay. Ronald Reagan. So there's the first presidential name of this century to come up on a list. Does this give you an idea of the kind of assholes? He doesn't reminds me of every time you turn on a C-span. It's the same thing. The right wingers dominate C-span. So every time they take a poll, it's the same kind of crap. It's like Fox NewsNet. Is that, I mean, FDR? Is he on a list? No, the top 10? No. Is there any question? I mean, you know what? Although, Reagan, he took a bullet for Christ. I forgot about that. And if he, he, he, he, he said in the wheelchair for Christ. Six. Didn't he? Huh? He said in the wheelchair. He had polio. Santa wheelchair. All of these still getting a lot of action from what we hear. Right there at the end, right? The bitter end in warm springs. Or is it hot springs or the springs were hot? At least the wheelchair was hot. The wheelchair was hot. Boy, it was smoking. Well, that wheelchair must have really been on fire. But anyway, it just goes to show you what it's all about. 21, 21, 21, 11, and 5, 60, WCWM. I can see we're going to be playing a lot of good music today. Not Ricky Martin. We'll play by Alamos. A good buddy in Reke. Yeah, and Reke's hot man. He's, if he just give rid of that gigantic mole, man, that thing is big. It's enormous. Pretty soon it's going to start covering like the whole side of his face, you know? Of his post. Can't beat that jater meat. Hello, and welcome to Redneck Theatre, our collection of fine literary works has performed by that exercise element. Most likely to consume large quantities of ethanol, containing liquids that their sister's wedding. Which, and today, only happens to be their wedding as well. Today's presentation is the tragic tale that is Richard, the poet. Now, is where our lives can die of. They quarrel you, thunder, remember by the sun of your, and all the clouds of the bird upon our house. In the deep, was the mother of Shiver. Ah, something marvelous. Join us next time for another mostly edition of Redneck Theatre. So anyway, I didn't even mention who his number one did I, but I guess I give it away. All of this is number one in the time pool, okay? More important than Hitler Einstein FDR Martin Luther King, Jr. Jackie Mason. I mean, what are we talking about here? Elvis? Does that tell you everything you know about this country? Uh-huh. About the people who are online? Uh-huh. So keep in mind, this is an online pool. Bad move by the people of Time Magazine. They don't realize that most of the people have spent all their time online, aren't computer nerds. They're out of their mind. They're sick, twisted, very, very bad, deviate people. Is what they are. Do you read the thing in the paper this morning about the sex online? About the 85 trillion people that are on their like a whale of a way for hours, five hours, ten hours a day. Until it's like a raw piece of, yeah, you didn't see that? Over 30 words. What? No, no, they're on the chat lines on the, uh, and 30 words. Somebody typing, 30 typing. Right. And pictures and all these things. That's right. Where the hell is that? I hear it is sex lies in the internet. We found the more time people spend online for sex, the more problems they reported in their work lives or social activities. Now here's this one guy. It says James. He stumbled out of the University of, uh, like many of his chat pal's nationwide. James stumbled onto the University of online sex for the most innocent of intentions. Lonely and bored at work one day. The 37 year old aimless began clicking the mouse. He was clicking his mouse. That's always a bad idea folks. You start clicking your mouse and all of a sudden you start getting real, uh, psychotic. And discovered the Yahoo Cosmos of personal ads. Before long he was talking dirty to dozens of women on the internet and becoming so aroused that he would masturbate in front of the computer screen for four to five hours a night. Oh, soon he was having one night stands with women he had met in cyberspace. By March of this year, James was now 40 and asked that his last name not be used for somewhat obvious reason had become so addicted to the the x-rated pleasures of the net that he broke up with his girlfriend because he preferred cybersex to real sex with women. Do you see what I'm saying? What the internet does to these people? The internet is a breeding ground for lunatics. I'm not saying I don't like the internet. It's great if you're a rational person. You know, there's some really a great crap on there if you, uh, sift you all the bullcrap. And I love my computer, but, uh, you know, after I'm done with my bookkeeping check and my stocks are going into the effort. That's about 95% of what I use it for. So the idea that they did this pull online. I guess that's the only way they could do it. You know, everything now is online. It's immediate to how else you do it. Can't do it. Elvis Presley is number one. And of course, now we have electronic ballot box stuffings. So it's a, if that's some kind of a big surprise. Right. The poll is what politicians call a beauty content. Since times editors will make the final sort of selection. But the specter of eight off Hitler was even a, a virtual person of the century was enough to sparse and Jewish groups into action is what it's said. Hit not just me assuming. Yeah. They were all going. Oh, Oh, Oh, oh, Oh, those of us that worked daily for the benefit of the Jewish community. Most of everything in our power to stop this, said an email, it just will add accent. who she said, the stop this said an email from a woman with a bureau of Jewish education. The attached message said, I don't think someone was responsible for the deaths of millions and someone who taught hatred and such an unbelievable way to be called man of the century. Two staffers at the Jewish Federation of the Greater East Bay in California fired off the similar email. Hitler also generated outrage among someone who noted further affiliation. This is just plain sick. You kind of people disgusting one person wrote. Another said, who in their right mind would vote for that raiding maniac, person of the century? If you do that, I'll become part of a crusade to block out your publication and any subsidiary for the rest of my life. Not that we got any uptight people out there, okay? Because like I told you before, everybody, 95% of the people in this guy's end country are professional, all in the blank, okay? They're professional substance. And I personally, that's the one thing I just cannot deal with. I can't stand it. Is professional, anything? People, let's start singing the song. Where's Barbara with the cross dies when we need her? People, maybe, that's what we need. Peep and through the people, that's what we need. People who are people, not professional, Jews and glam and Cubans and Spicks them. Well, whatever it hell they are. Indians, who cares? What difference does it make? Get over it. Cut the crap. Just be, let it be. That would be good thing for a song, you know what? God damn it. Yeah, maybe Oasis could cut it. Russ. And that of course, so this isn't bad enough that they were starting out with the, oh, yeah, I had told a community, he got some Stalin. In the beginning there was a huge concerted effort by Christians to book Jesus in first place. Then time magazine ruled that Jesus and Muhammad were ineligible because they didn't live in his century that did not go down well in some quarters. I think it is rather irresponsible to take Jesus Christ out of the pole one woman wrote. If it was your intent to offend millions of Christian people, then your goal has been accomplished in other woman's set. I will never buy another one of your goddamn magazines or anything associated with your God freaking damn company. Well, I put that in it. The thing you do not believe Jesus is a real man. I will pray for you what their woman said. I mean, this is just a, it's just for fun. Okay, it's not the end of the world. It's not like we're jumping off a cliff. It's a freaking pole for the cover of a magazine. That's all. So this qualification of Jesus pushed Hitler into the top spot, particularly after Richard Holbrook, a whole work, a US envoy to the Balkans was quoted as saying Hitler should get to vote. That brought the Jewish counteroffensive and a similar effort on behalf of Reverend Martin Luther Kuhn, a king junior. But the Robin campaign was so strong that the slain is really Prime Minister who had neither been in the top 20 was cannonballed into the head of the packet of matter of weeks. But by Saturday, thank the Lord, personally it overtaken him by a rather large margin. All right, Elvis, we're going to Grace Land with Paul Simon, baby. Elvis, personally, with the most important person of the 20th century. I think what we need to do is get a whole bunch of butterfly nets and trace those emails find out where those people are who voted for Elvis with the straight look on their post and round them up now before it's too late. Before they start taking psychotropic drugs, those are all the fat rods that all these guys are having cyber set. And by the way, you do realize that Elvis died because he took too many drugs. No. I don't just see the tie in there. It's perfect. And he was sitting on those. He was sitting on the crapper, maybe working on being a rapper. And yeah, I'm going to tell you boys and girls there's a good lesson. Take your fiber okay, because when you start squeezing too hard, that's it. You go, oh, one last time in your face turns blue. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. I don't feel that. Okay, thank you. And I still want to go to you too, okay, up your ass with a piece of glass. Here's a surf side. Hello. What were your ratings this past season? This past season? I had a 98 cheer. 98 cheer. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Yeah, I knew. Yeah, sure. What we got a good bunch here today, boy. I got live on today. I knew. Does Lenin or Karl Marx be on this poll anywhere? It doesn't have the whole 100 here, okay. So just let's see. It's after him before the next 10 is John Lenin, mother Teresa Weinstein Churchill, Madonna, Bill Gates, Nelson Mandela, Pope Paul VI, so I'm who's saying Princess Diana and Thomas Edison. Princess Diana, how do you like that, huh? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I don't think they're happy. People who do need polls, they don't bother to read their history books, they've got the winch at the edge of the box. They've been coming up at some of the ridiculous votes at the come out with. Yeah. Okay, great. This is Danielle. I'm going to look here. They'll keep it up by. And say hi to Tony Blair. Oh, sorry. Okay. 560, 505, 505, 60 on the mobile one line. I dare anybody in this audience to call in here and give me a son and answer about Elvis personally. I want to use Jack Ashton that wasted your time and money to go to Graceland with all those no speakers up there in Tennessee. You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. I don't know something. I'd be embarrassed to even ever admit that I've been to Graceland, much you know, in public circles. Here's a mobile and four-later bill. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Do they have any chance to have a call with Marks? And that's, uh, what did the guy just get through asking me, sir? I said he's not in the top 20. What did this guy just get through asking? I, I could hardly hear you. Beauty. 560, 505, 60 on the mobile one line. Ha ha ha. Here's all their beautiful today, baby. Like I said, you know, Dave Hine had a point. You're worse than the Yankee fans. Okay. You're a bigger bunch of answers than they are. Which is saying a lot. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I took a call and I am the only any left in Florida. Yeah. If we want to know who's done that out of it. 560, 505, 60 on the mobile one line. No, but done, coolly on and he's on the list, right? He's on there. And look at Bratzy. He's on the list. Yeah, he's on there. And Michael, Michael, coolly on it. And Sanctino, he's on there. He don't look too good anymore. But Sanctino's on the list. How about Vincent, is he on there? No. He's really a spit. He didn't fool anybody. Okay. That's, uh, yeah. Andy, you're not fooling anybody sweet heart. But that's funny. Get a accent. Here's your side. Hello. Your solo, the problem, Neil, is that you are raping people? Oh, yeah. Okay. Is that his 84th call already this hour? Get a life pal. Get a life. Talk about what we're talking about. Not give me a song to dance about Neil and this and Yadiyati Adiyati Adiyati. Okay. Not interested. Okay. The audience interested. No. He's anybody in the world. Oh, get a freaking life, Jack. 560, 505, 50, 556, the on the mobile one line. Here's Davey. Hello. Davey. Neil. Yes, sir. Why is men see? Oh, is this king? Yeah. They found what? Oh, you, you gotta be careful. Don't speak against these other fans. They'll come and get you. Yeah. They are lunatics. Uh-huh. Be careful. Was he one of the most important 2000 people of the 20th century? No. No, no. No. Of course not. But if you tell these people otherwise, they're worse than the questions. Yeah. Okay. I'll see you in Graceland. 560, 505, 60, pound 560, on the mobile one line. This is one of the best hours I've ever done. I'll be honest with you right now. This really is a cakewalk. A cakewalk in the turlet. By the way, there's nothing like a ping on that fresh ice that roots crisp. What? Oh, did you throw into the fruity ice? Yeah. I always make a point. I always get there early as you noticed. And I'm always the first one to go in there and take a leak. If I have to, we're not. I'm always the first one to go in there. I don't know what it is. There's just some psychological thing about being on a big mound of fresh ice. Wow. Is that great. I don't know what that is. Maybe it's like a fetish. Maybe you have an ice fetish. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'll proof that Hitler was one of the most important men in the 20th century. Was every time we fight a war in the last four years. The little, the opposite side. Keep calling each other. Hitler. Don't they? They do. Yeah. I mean, we just got that done calling it slow. I'm going to call it a floppy. Yeah. It's incredible. Everywhere you look, there's Nazis coming out of the woodwork. Yeah. I think Hitler was number one. He'll not be here. And didn't call Marx right. His manifesto in the 19th century instead of 20th century. No. No. But he was a figure of the 20th century, not the 19th century. That's Groucho Marx. Groucho, you're right. And don't forget Harper. Okay. And Gomo. I don't say Gomo on a year. Okay. I'll let one soft for you. They like Gomo a lot. Because they got here right to you. He was probably the most famous of the Marse brothers. He and Florida was Gomo. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, unimobile one line. And how come I'll come Groucho Marx and I'm the list. I think this guy had a good point. Forget about screw Carl Marx. What about Groucho Marx? He made his laugh. He was influential. He was more influential in my life than, you know, some of these other assholes. Like the Pope and Billy Graham. I mean, you know, I see the religious not figured into that I got to stick all this stuff in there again, because they can't leave everybody else along. Nobody gives a flying crap about Billy Graham. Okay. I shall have all the North and North that book for all they got. Still tell you, I'll give you the insight. Still give you the skinny on Billy. Much of crap. And if all these religious people are having such tremendous influence to the how come the world is a guy named slaughterhouse one. My dad's got that's a good question, right? I've always got the answer for that. The Pope, I mean, give me a break. The frickin' Pope and Ronald Reagan for Christ's sake. Ronald frickin' Reagan. Please, there's Christ. Next, I'll be putting that goddamn Ronnie Reagan in a wannabe Margaret Fatronalyst. That constipated bitch. Well, I've seen you start that problem. It was just too much spotted dick. Here's the Fort Lutterdale. Hello. Neil, did you see a little bit in the top 10? I got, I just got to reading the list. Yeah, the number nine was Dennis Rodman. No, how okay, great. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. How come we got the sports nerds calling us today, huh? Boy, it must be really getting bored since there's nothing going on down here with sports anymore for like months and months. And nobody cares about the hurricane, which by the way, if anything, the ugly is to hurricane baseball team ever. Huh? Even Ron Fraser said that at that back with the other days said, you know, I wish you all the luck in the world even though I'm not coaching anymore. But boy, these are sure a bunch of ugly guys. 1056, at 560 WKI, and it's on blind. MC, I've got an offer today. No, I've not. But Johnny that you love a lot of... But I know that you keep on checking my hair Don't play the clothes I'm telling you Check out my wet little pooping down my clothes Very good You come on to me and let the things in my head And a style of art But if you wanna take me You know that thing about me You think you know I'm on the main And I think you should make it a main But you could go and share it with me Oh, you let the friends of me She was 25 but she's just a team Perfectity Other my life and free That it called a compliment My best of perfectity Because I'll have to do it No, my best is my name My butt just ain't running now Oh, my show She's underage She's okay She should be dead or dead Yeah, there's no one in this world She's been made of a diamond Oh, right She's looking right I'm actually a little too high But she's just a team I won't say this at least Jennifer Lossai is in underage She's like 22 Oh, she's legal Oh, yeah, she's definitely legal by any standards And from the neck down not too bad She's okay She's a she can't sing a word of a paper sack I'm like Brittany who can sing her way in a paper sack Not out of a paper down If she sing into a paper sack not too bad So anyway, here's the a bio of the Marx brothers Did you know the real names of the Marx brothers? Checo was Leonard Harpowe was eight off Oh Groucher was Julius Gummo was Milton Milton and Zeppo was Herbert How do you like that? We learned something today But stop sending me these stupid biographies Okay, I wasted our facts paper you idiot 56070560 the man the and by the way is this the It's the person of the century have you noticed there are no women on the list That's why I stopped myself and I said the men of the century of the time magazine thing is the person of the century No women on there except we have to go all the way down to number 12 mother Teresa Mother Teresa was the most important woman of the 20th century That wrinkled up a little shrivel a little bitch that was running around the world Slepping around Telling people to overpoculate And all these other horrible messages she was sending out just like the Pope Madonna Oh I read that but you know something I just right after Winston Churchill right between Winston Churchill and Bill Gates is freaking Madonna Okay Number let's you 11 12 13 number 14 just I head of Nelson Mandela Pope Paul the 6th which by the way who that he's and I feel and do good Sodom who's saying princess Diana I'll get back to your Diana and Thomas Edison I want to stop and think about this okay in the mentality of the nerds out there in this country Elvis Presley and Madonna were more influential in 20th century than Henry Ford and Thomas Edison and Albert Einstein And Franklin Roosevelt who by the way can't crack the top 20 I'm gonna tell you wonder why this is a country people walking around go and go Huh you wonder why we got millions of people who the that's all they know their whole IQ is Jesus Christ Madonna I'm gonna puke my lunch on I haven't even had it yet That's the pathetic here's a mobile in Miami hello. Yeah, sir body corn. Yeah, and back to you. Okay. Thanks for your brilliant culture terminal And by the way, I think it's early at a Ross late in myself or at least Jorge Mosque knows him 560 560 560 on the 182 line here's Carl Springs hello You know how you doing great. You know what I've been listening all morning I I'm leaving America I'm going back to Italy. This is a little more And I don't think what Mussolini you've made the top 20 what what are these people what what's going on I moved to Florida two years I I'm the most depressed person in the world. Yeah, nobody knows how to drive right We speak English right I'm moving out here. How do I'm going back to Italy? I don't want to take a meal. You woke me up. Thanks buddy. Well, just remember one thing. Okay Florida sucks I thought I'm gonna get her to you. Chao Chao 560 560 560 560 on the 182 levels line course if you don't have a passport you can't go to Italy just keep it in mind George Mother Teresa Madonna this is the most puke puke inducing list How could Franklin how could yets Hockra being even beyond his list in other words the Jews couldn't come up with somebody more important They wanted to you understand this this concerned effort here to get rid of Hitler not came out of the box there So yets Hockra being was the most influential Jewel that 20th century. Oh, no how about Milton Burrell Huh No contest How about the al-Glustine No contest Einstein was Jewish why didn't they rally behind him? Yeah exactly Albert while he was too smart They don't want somebody quite that smart they want somebody who's a martyr, you know who took a bullet for We took a bullet for Grotrude Stein I know who took the bike he didn't take it for Jesus. I know that not a good Jewish boy like yets hockey didn't take no bullet for Jesus Uh, here's the Fort Lauderdale hello How are you okay sir mr. Ninon Ninusic you had a kind word for me after my last call my semi-horses parody yes You told George not a bad guy so I'm not a hockey game, but but very fast very fast I'm sorry Wait a minute, I have to take it offensive I'm 61 away 163 what was I wearing That's my you wait 63 I wait I've 22 years down here my weight state thank God. I was very heavy young but now I don't know why why won't I make that up? I wait for actually between 163 and 163 100 pounds of it is between your neck and your knees that's possible That could be true. But maybe the opening it's shifting two things I have to mention today number one. Do you do know what day today is? What day today is? No, well it's flag day It's flag day flag day Was it a spag day like day which the famous of course the famous composer Jewish composer and playwright George M Cohen Rose and Cohen Rose and Cohen Rose What about Rving Berlin? Well, let's not even get in the Jewish composer I think his name was Israel something And what about George and I regret one to Lord Jews? Certainly more influential and it's hockey a being and I'll can say it's hockey anyway But I also want to have something in the fact that You know George M Cohen was alive today and being flag day He was certainly changes lyrics and you would have probably dedicated it to song to you of course the uter probably said Neil You're a grand old flag you're no limp wrist old bag and forever in truth may you raise You're the emblem of the city we love The home of the sick and you pray For Neil hour hearts be true radios number one rated you always ready to post our brag But should Neil's top ratings gay in dread They'll say goodbye Neil you old Jewish bag All right Have you fight the exact same okay today is flag day how do you like that? No, what are they talking about Ricky Martin so much this morning on CBS? Open line in somewhere and we're doing a man at a year the pertent how come we don't have any women in the top god damn 10 okay That's not that I can take it Benny how about gold in my ear wasn't gold in my ear like more significant than yes rock robin is there any doubt huh? Yes Believe me when I tell you you know she reminded me of Molly Goldberg give her see a Molly Goldberg together with the huh gold in my ear now same person 10 past 11 at 5 60 W 2 M It's fucking in and hold it the king is back bigger and better than ever Elvis Presley in his first big movie role since he's been dead Elvis upper Arabia Don't lose it Yes, it's a completely new Elvis movie with the same old Elvis movie touches 17 times for get a base and 18 more get a boson including There don't be bull dying in the chapel lose way burial shoes doing nothing but a Paul there as for yes See Elvis in his step is performance yet these bigger better and better than ever Elvis upper Arabia playing in a theater drive that are much where he near you Thank you. Good night. Good. Yeah, you're welcome. Okay, so I look at this the more I examine is the more I dissect it not only is Elvis number one, but number 11 is John Lennon and number 14 the sort of 14 is Madonna and down there number 19 is Princess Diana. So have all these pop culture figures on there. Okay people. I have nothing to do with history nothing to do with anything important people are like, you know assholes meaningless and significant Which I guess goes to sure the kind of people who are us or from that. Yeah, why don't we get like a toll free number. Why didn't time magazine do with that way Huh, well that made a hell of a lot more sense. I'll do with that way or even have a pay phone number which would discourage people from doing it like 75 million times which it admits any article that people are already doing that And it says in here that There there's nothing to stop you from voting early and often but time magazine draws the line in robotic program such as the pro microsoft what it was launched to vote hundreds of times for company chairman Bill Gates Time is retaliated by deleting those votes such programs slow down the website and locking out anybody who employs one Gates also has been trashed online by Apple fans and prefer a Steve Jobs. Of course most people prefer his brother blow But anyway 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Elvis and Madonna and John Lennon a country filled with vacuous brains baby people walking around looking each other at the eye and going Like that. Well, that was close to it was on the same letter anyway. Here's my me lakes. Hello Yeah, I want to ask you you mentioned in before this week and you went to dinner in one of the girls that lovely breasts. Yeah, and then you said teach and I heard how they teach. Excuse me or you mean Friday. I said that. I didn't say teach today. Well, that's Friday. Okay, you said it Friday. Today how it was having a problem with that word. You come Jim Mandage could say because he's a sports guy sports guys can say tips. But if you like to all the time right look at the girl with those big fat sloppy tips over there right. I can't well. What is he get away because he's a sports guy just pointed that it's a locker room thing. You have to see the side of that if you're a joc if you have the mentality of a joc that you can say all these things because it's part of your vocabulary. But the rest of us have to be a little more suitable and you we have to say that. All right, then. Next. Okay. Okay. And don't say. Tits on the show again. Okay, sir. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the market. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Great. All those people who think Madonna and those people are so great. Let them go through a day without having Madonna touch their lives. There'll be problems. Yeah, but I think if you go through a day without having Edison and right your wife, you're not going to do anything exactly. You can be bumble around the dark. You're going to be not listening to radio records and that's right motion pictures motion picture. You can't make sure that you're using install all this pan from yes. It's my vote for number one. Tom and Thomas said it's an issue right up there. He should be in the top five. I'll say that right now. Okay. God bless you sir. There's a man with a brain. Okay. That's the problem. I got no brains in his garden. I'll give him the top five right now. Okay. FDR number one. Hitler number two. Thomas Edison number three. I signed number four and mean number five. I have a number five. But once you get past the top four, who could it be? Henry Ford. Henry Ford number five. Excellent. There you go. I'm on this intellectual show for the top five people of this century. Not Jesus. Not Muhammad. Not more Gandhi. Not the yes. I'm not a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm strong. I'm a man. There's always gotta be some Jew on a list of us. And I'll hear it. I'll not see another one. 560560 on the 18-bit. Here is the Miami. What is it? Miami and dear feel beach? What does that mean? Dear feel beach. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How are you? I'm from Miami. Two things. Are you in dear feel beach? No. I don't know where that guy is. I'm your one. You're on your way there. Hey, that's there. I don't know where you're. I'm never go there. I don't know. Yeah. I'm on your way. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on your way. I'm on your way there. Yeah. I'm on my way? I'm on your way. Yeah, I'm on my way. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on my way. Yeah. Yeah, I'm on my way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on my Hey, two things. One of life's greatest little pleasures is kissing in the urine all fresh ice. Right. Good happens. Sun crews casino. They have a lot of food. Well, they do too. Yeah. Maybe let's find out the places where they have fresh ice in the urine. Or where you can like all the great restaurants and places. The only place you can eat. Yeah. I have a fresh ice leaking fetish. Yeah. And one of the worst things is different than when it's not so fresh. Right. That's another story. Oh. Most influential Jew. What about Oppenheimer? I mean, he created a father and Oppenheimer crazy Jew. Right. I mean, you, that's not too bad. He still feels bad about that. Yeah. He does. But then the shame is out there. All right. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. Take care. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the year votes for the person of the century. Let's do this with next kind of all summer long. Let's do this. That's what I say. Ah. So it's so stupid. It calls about ball games. A very young hurricane team get out of here already. Get a life, you idiots. They're throwing their mouse pad to the game on Friday. What a bunch of animals. What a bunch of idiots. Wait till later. I'm trying to wait till they have hot air balloon night. That's going to be good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, square the women on this. Where the women, can't you women come up with some woman who should be in this list at least in the top five or 10. Can't you come up with some woman that did something? I got a fact here. This is Margaret Sanger. A woman who was throwing into jail for a minute or two about birth control. How about choosing the Anthony? Got women to write to vote? How about the Kirin Asian was running around breaking bottles over guys' heads, huh? Like Joe's girlfriend. What's your name? Ginene? Close. Keep going. Ginene? Yeah. Well, if you got a woman, that's an unusual name, okay? Nice name. She's a very nice person. She's very dominary. And the two of them are going to be a battle. World War IV will be fought right there at that house of the two of them should ever lock horns. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. A bitter row response here today. Here's Pepper Pines. Hello. Neil? Yes. Good morning, God. To talk about your man of the year. I'm a person of the century. I'm not the year. God, I've got it. I decided to do good to good this year. Hi, up to there. I hear from what you're saying. I work at a restaurant that includes a certain Elvis and pastor or impersonator or whatever you want to call it. Yeah. Adam and Lee states in a model on he'll sing a couple of songs. Bring lights down low and then he'll say, oh, well, Elvis brought the black people and white people together in harmony. And in this and then. How do you do that by singing? Don't be cool. Is that what the turn of the day? I'll run like that. I bring it up a way to there. I bring it up to him after the show. And he goes on about the reveal about this. The only thing Elvis did was make a big case for instance by sleeping with his mother till he was like 25 years old. Exactly. I don't even come up with that. Glad it. Do you believe this in any way? Sir, I'm going to tell you something. Elvis Presley was a, he was one of the first great product of hype in our lifetimes. That was Elvis Presley. I'm not saying he didn't have some songs that were okay. He wasn't a great singer. He was certainly a horrendous actor. There was nothing great about him. I mean, he swivel the tips a lot and you know, just like Ricky Martin. But that's it. There was nothing great about Elvis Presley. Elvis Presley went out and disgracey became fat and misshaped and swollen up like a bull frog and disgusting. And when I went out on drugs and oh, oh, he don't drugs. There was nothing glamorous about Elvis Presley. And these people that keep slipping up there to grace land to see his remains. Over the years, electing him at the diner, show up on a comp. The another counter having lunch with him or whatever the world is on crazy. These are crazy people, sir. You want to hear something. It's a cult. It's the Elvis cult. You want to hear something else that guy i called earlier. These guy have reservations that come in, these people come in and knees for the whackiest people. You will ever meet in your lifestyle. Yeah. Believeable. This people that follow. They think that this guy is really Elvis. And the funny thing is they probably also like Santa Claus. Me, he makes these tapes and CDs and he's people bired up and bired up. up and they don't even have enough money to sit at the end of the night. You know, it's like crazy. Unbelievable. You take it easy on that call somebody to do special. Yes, sir. Rob Ray and John Roberts. Do sph. Okay. 560, 50560, on the AT&T, where I was lying, we had a woman called that I. No. And we had one woman that's got any thoughts on the first of the century. Oh, they're too busy wearing a obkjerry spring or huh? Who give us a free anger management class right there on TV every day? Profit. Elvis Presley, Ricky Martin, he'll probably be moving up a little stage time now. 25 past 11 at 560, WQM, you want to go? God. He's a very easy guy. He's probably done it with his mother. He can hit me through insane up the low down. He needs to believe. He got his next document up to us. And he just can do with the drinking. He does it and he's excited about from a ceiling fan. And you don't miss it with an editor. He's got a hot format to fan. How a condom. He got it on with one of my phones. Yeah, what a dollar. He made love to a bowling ball. He's done it. He had to be weird. Oh, don't let it out. He's a super freak. I'm super freak. He's super geeky. Yeah. Okay, it's on the 30 at 560 WQM. We got tank over show it to you from Shulos State 2. We got Jim Mad Dog. Man, it's yeah. We probably will say, tits better 20 times tonight at 6 o'clock. And then we got the Marlins at Arizona. 930 930 pregame games starts at 10. 5 get those times right. Bloth had to be made to schedule like 75 times this morning because we got all those times. He's just can't get it right. He can't get it right. 560 560, 560, 560, on the 18th. How can we have empty lines on this? How are even on a Monday? Do we have any thinking people in the Son ofians? No. Do we have any people who are pissed off and fired up about Elvis and Madonna and John Freak and Lenin and Billy Graham being on this list? No. And you want to know why? Because most people in this guy then country are obsessed with this kind of crap. These are the kind of people who are important. I wouldn't be surprised if Brittany Spears pops the top 5 before too long. She's going to be poppin it. Here's a Miami. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. Top 10. Carol, dodo. Here's a lady in northern the crossbrings. Hello. What are you doing? What are you doing? Can you hear me? I'm in the sky. Who is in in the background? My son I just picked him up on school final week. Well, Tom the dummy up. Tell me up he said. Yeah. I just wanted to say you're putting in the century. Nobody has mentioned Roe. What about Roe versus Wade? Roe? Yeah. Do you have a lawyer? Yeah. Why don't you know how about preacher Roe? Roe. Well, what was your name? I don't know. No. Roe versus Wade. You know. Well, that was important in this century. Yeah. And if the family was here. How about Madeline O'Hare? Oh, well, I'm not. More influential than Madonna. Well, that's for sure. More influential than John Lennon. I'm pretty sure he's in her boom job. Right. But anyway, I've never called you before. Well, thanks. Thanks, Neil. And have a great day. You too, bye. Bye. 5605. We got 400 overlinds waiting on here. All our thoughtful people out there. All this great audience. 567. Hey, how about the what's his name? How about that redneck coach up there in telehassy? Bobby Bowden. How about him? Huh? Good. Good. Boy, never stole a freight train? Yeah. Let's get some, uh, how about O'J? How come he and I'm the list, right? That's what, raw. You say if he ever shows up anywhere with our black penis that he stole a big gigantic one he took out here on Friday. You know, I'd be embarrassed. I guess Roy is embarrassed. In fact, I guess you're hanging around in public with O'J. You don't have any embarrassed and embarrassment factor, right? Oh, right. But I'd be embarrassed to sell the walk in here. And yank a big black bill low off the shelf. And then I'm not bringing it back. What's he doing with this? He getting the no-what is he strapping it on? Well, what is it? I don't want to imagine that. I mean, somebody once said of Roy that he's a big strapping guy. I didn't know what they were talking about. Don't make me go there. Here's a mobile in their field, Pete. Jello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. Maybe a Roy is practicing to see O'J. Simpson who knows. Yeah, then he might be getting ready for his next visit. There you go. Hey, I was called last week. I know when that guy brought in a steak that wasn't quite as good as Ruth's Chris. Yeah. I don't know if you. Why have you tried to be nicer? I don't know if you guys realized it, but Ruth's Chris pays almost half a million dollars a year to independent agencies to have her restaurant's mystery shop. And she'll pay, you know, I don't know what the fee is. But if people go in there every 60 days and, you know, write up any kind of deficiency of people. Right. I think you should have this certainly better than mystery meat. I'll pay to that. Well, that's true, but I mean, when you compete with something like that, where you know, and I don't work for him is an employee, but when you compete with somebody where, you know, perfection is almost the minimum standard. Right. It's really hard to do. Right. That's why I said discovered the best of all these other people are always trying to, you know, one up me, forget it. I'm just, uh, nobody's ever going to convince me anything's better than Ruth's Chris. I love it. I think my client's there and it's, uh, you're consistently guaranteed to greet me and we're in the world. So that's, that's hard to compete with. Excellent. So I thought I'd pass that along. And I'm sure that you're next meal be free. Okay. Thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I've been to embarrassing for me to mention that Rimmer called me on Friday, and I'm totally said, well, what are you doing this weekend? It's about nine of us are going to Ruth's Chris and are on on Brian. Oh, we were going to go this weekend. There would be, wouldn't that be embarrassing to say that on the air? Uh-huh. And for another free meal of Ruth's Chris, that would be embarrassing, huh? Here's, uh, Papeno, hello, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I'd like to explain why Thouvest practically should be ahead of Jesus. Oh, because when Jesus arrived from the grave when he came alive from the grave, only a few people seen him. Yes. But when Elvis arrived from the grave, there was hundreds of people that seen him. thousands. Right. They saw him in Hawaii. They saw him on lunch counters all over American diners. Yeah. Right. Good point. Good point. Thank you so much. God bless you. Sir, there's a good point. Okay. Only a tiny handful saw Jesus and the rumor has that the Jesus had only a tiny handful kind of like in Reke. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T while his line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. I got another one for you with. I have a Haywood to loan me. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T while his line. See what I'm saying about America. There's another one. Eeeeh. Right there. That's his IQ right between his legs. Here's a mobile in coral spring. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? Right. Listen, you're talking about influence in people. What about Harry Truman? I think he influenced a few Japanese. Yeah. Good like bomb. But when you say that the people who invented the bomb were more influential. Yeah, how he was shooting at the top 10? I mean, he's just maybe a little bit more influential in Princess Diana. I mean, he made the decision to, uh, basically wipe out millions of people. Right. Right. Or that's a turn around to save hundreds of thousands of American people. Right. And you know, if we have to choose between killing hundreds of thousands of Jeffs and saving hundreds of thousands of American, we'll say the Americans. Thank you. Yeah. Because one thing about the Asian people who discovered is they can multiply like rabbits anyway. So what's the problem? Yeah. That's right. And I just think you were talking to Elvis in pop it up. And it sounded like him. Yeah. All right. You have a good day. And back to you. Where's all the women out there like I said? Is that the best they can do is Princess freaking Diana? Jesus Christ. Much, every, and like I said, Elvis was the first great hype job of our lifetime. Never any never was anything hype so much. And of course, look who else is on the list here. Madonna, hundred percent high job. Nothing but hype. John Lennon, the Beatles, high job. High. I should have said, pipe job because they liked what was coming out of that pipe. You know what I'm saying? Or what was going in it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They knew where the good drugs were. India. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. The Maharishi had a good mushroom. Yeah. Yeah. But the Beatles were, you know, they changed the thinking and all that rank and stuff that was going on. Did they? Sure. Where did they change anybody's thinking? Where was that? All across the world people changed. Before that they were all had the crew cuts and though. Yeah. We can tip shoe. Oh, it's another word to some of you to be a shelter. I'm pants that may means you're thinking differently and you have a big sideburns. I believe that that created some of the, Adam and Eve. Yeah. Computer, editing and the people worked on the computers. They were all listening to the Beatles. Yeah. Let it be. Yeah. Yeah. Way back when Steve Jobs and all those people Steve Jobs and his brother, blow. Yeah. On. Right. And don't forget rim and rim job. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to forget rim next me. Okay. Now he's going to roots Chris in a couple of weeks. You'll have to wait, rim or okay. You free loading dick 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The George has high by the way. Thanks for their free music promise. Damn. See, when I promise a free meal, I come through. I don't just pro, I don't just pay a lip service. Although that, you know, something to think about. 42 before noon at 5, 60, WQM, speaking of. Radiance, dumb as dirt. Please don't be me. Oh, no, not me. Oh, I don't want to. Sorry. You got the short straw. It's American's favorite new game show. The short straw. Looks like it's up to you to tell the mailroom girl about that nasty must-at problem. And now who's going to tell the boss about his bill? Oh, God, no. Not me again. No. No way. You think I'm going to do this? You could take this straw and shove it up your ass. Special showing of the short straw is on tonight. And the sales assistant, sober woman, perfume to the GM's constant donor, find out who has to break the news. Check the list and switch to an installation. It's 143. It's been a GM's, by the way. Gregory was in this morning, threatening again to bring in pictures from when he was younger to prove that his kids really are his kids. He's got a beautiful family. I told him at this morning the problem is we don't know who the father is of those kids. He had his son in here yesterday who went off the Minnesota by the way for a couple of months just to get away from them. I think the fire search for his real dad. And nice looking kiddie 16. He's blonde. He's taller than Greg and he's blonde. It looks nothing like him. Okay. He's daughter. He said his daughter's brave, brunette, but a little bit of blonde in there. Does he have any blonde in his hair Greg? Oh, does he have any hair? Oh, no. But he's going to bring in pictures that you want to these days. You wait and see. In fact, he don't need to bring in the pictures. I bet you did all kinds of pictures in them all over the building. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. So anyway, Eric, factions elist of his people of the century, no particular order. Einstein, Thomas Edison, Jonas Sock. I mean, who's more important, Jonas Sock will invented the polio vaccine or Madonna, right? Yeah. Susan B. Anthony, like I said, women suffered. All you women out there who buy the way the cat's got your time. You got out of the say about this. She's the one to cut you right. The right to vote. You idiots. You sippled in Hitler FDR Robert Oppenheimer Margaret Sanger Carl Jung. For all you a psychophreaks Robert Godder who invented the liquid fuel rocket. Edwin Humble discovered the universe is expanding. Oh, no. It's not expanding. He just made that up. He must be communist. The leaky family. Scored skirt for proving evolution despite the Christians. Rachel Carson, who started environmental awareness Martin Luther King Jr. not for big a minister but helping the end segregation and the tie for last Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock. Well, now we're getting a little carried away Eric, you were doing well to the Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock. But as far as entertainers are concerned and this is somebody I not only didn't like, somebody I despise. Even at least that I still handle like poison. Frank Sinatra, if you're going to put an entertainer in the top 10 or 20 am I right, more influential in Madonna than Elvis Presley than John Lenin? Oh, yes. Oh, no way you're shaking your head now. He didn't change anything. He didn't do anything. John Lenin changed nothing other than maybe the sheets after they were doing it in the bed there for the for the for the him and that Yoko whatever name was. Oh, no. Oh, that's the world that owner changed what the whole world of music took it a whole new direction. The whole family that did that. Well, he wore it. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, but it wall would have been rock ability if it hadn't been for them and then everybody that they. Well, how about little Richard? Let's put him on a little how about Carl Perkins? Well, we could keep going back. Yeah, but nevertheless there were the ones that have a little answer in the entire pain group and doing different things. How about the Marvelets? How about Phil Spector? Oh, he invented the wall sound. Yeah. How about the people that people like the of that street boys could sound good? You know, I'm glad you enjoyed that one meal of Ruth Chris. Don't expect another invite too soon. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Oh, you? Yes, sir. How about JST, Audie Murphy, Marilyn Monroe. Marilyn Monroe, there you go. We got um, the right others that are going to be here. And what about the right brothers? God bless you. How can we leave out the freaking right brothers? Especially somebody like me who can't wait to get on the next plane to get out of this uh, vapid place. That's about it. Yeah, okay. Thank you. Thank you. There you go. The right brothers are the right brothers on the list? No, anybody know who they are? Or will we over a Julius? Well, Julius didn't get a lot of publicity. Well, I had a big a Jewish one didn't there. I'll just to keep the Jews voting form so that we can give rid of that Yitzhok Rabin Elvis, personally, and Yitzhok Rabin number one and two. I mean, if that doesn't make your skin crawl. Yeah, what are we talking about here? We're talking about professional networks and professional Jews. I guess what we're talking about. I mean, Yitzhok Rabin was a good guy never stole a freight train. He wanted peace of this piece of that, but at the same time, uh, yeah, so did a lot of other people. See, it would have been uh, how about Manacham Bigon? He was a little bit too right wing and I hope they'll can say Manacham. Yitzhok's are enough. But Manacham, look at that one. Oh, mmm, nice, juicy green one. See, all you kids out there to get lesson for you. Learn a little yet is okay. Learn a little yet is if you want to get all the flamm out of your system. Oh, look at let's get lunch by the way. Okay. Let's get to the important part of being here today and get some goddamn lunch in here. What are we in for lunch? No ponytail. We don't have time for that. We we've exhausted ourselves trying to make contact with that man and we've just given up on him. What about our good friend? Uh, what's his name? Atonis. You know, what's his name Brad Brad? I know his name. I just want to, I don't want him to start getting too pushing. I will give him my nice dog his food is great. What about our good buddy Brad over atonis? But probably send us 20 or 30 pies and some other good stuff, huh? Now what's wrong with that? What do you want? Whatever they got. I'll, I'll eat anything. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 that crumbly by the way for just knowing not that. Oh, and you know, not before lunch time, please don't make that symbol. Okay. Don't make that symbol to me right around lunch time. Jesus, Joseph and... Saul, I didn't see it. You don't want to see it. Anyway, yeah, you do. That crumbly for dessert was just unbelievable. You know, the spinach dog rotten and the appetizers which some people mismosed in the by the way because they showed up a little bit late, but it's, you know, I thought they got all the way up there from Key West, huh? More for us. Oh, we had stuffed mushrooms. We had the barbecue shrimp which is my favorite unbelievable, this fantastic and all kinds of shrimp cock, shrimp cock fails and all kinds of great stuff. And the carpaccio with the toaster and the whole platter. Right. There you go. With some shaved Parmesan or whatever that was. Oh, nice dog roast Chris God bless you. Thank you so much. Almost as good as nothing will let's keep on. Yeah. Who would you have taken their knives on today? All right, let's hear it. You know, we gave you a plenty of damn here. Before I felt bad about taking these home. Do I feel bad now? No, they gave me the worst stuff. They took a shot in the dark and the, you know, sucked. Anyway, moving right along. I still say Frank Sinatra, okay, not for the top five, but if you're going to put that retainer in there, he was influential. Not that he had any talent. He couldn't sing away out of his paper sack. How about some of the mafia people, huh? How about my relance? He was shooting in the top 50. You bet. What about the Sanctuary's top, uh, uh, Traficanti for killing Kennedy? Yeah. And what about Tom's co-owned? What about him? What about Mario Puso? Huh? What about how about the, let's do this. We'll kill the summer time. We'll make a list of the top 50,000 people. On the day of the dawn is wedding. Okay, look, you just put a little on. But a little on it. Okay, you fatso. Maybe look at what like a job of the beeslee's. Okay. Maybe we could meet him like at the local tavern. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Besides yourself, which is definitely on the list, how about, um, Bill, the first telephone. He's one. And he was in the, uh, 19th century. Uh, okay, right at the end of the 19th century. Yeah, what about the old mayor of Miami Beach? What was his name, uh, Rosen? Yeah. And what about Martin Rosen? Yeah. Yeah. And what about, uh, the Seymour Gelver? No, I'm, what about Maurice Ferray? What about Worms? What about Alex penis? What about Worms? That explored that zip. Yeah. What would we invent at that? 567560, Pomp 560 on the ATA. So, you know, something, this is a good side. You know what it means? It means the drugs went early this week. Yeah, on. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, Hello. Neil. So, only Monday, and these people already are doing the special mushrooms. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Well, by the way, they were great, too. Those brod mushrooms. It was just great. Uh, I got a tie for number one, uh, been very influential to the moon, me, I will be in Jerry. No, I like it. All right. Hey, you know, two good boys from Vermont. So, everybody's saying, uh, you know, how about God, your mother Teresa for the ladies, even then, you know, but the year star or service can have to you. Or do you want to stop there? I bet, right? We're going to what? I'm going to have George look to stop the top five. I'm sure. Probably, he probably be number one. If you are, if you promise us to stop making those movies, yeah, how about Mark Hamill? A little more Campbell. There you go. Still try to put the piece of his a push together. Everybody forgets about him. Mark Hamill. That damn fact, I can't stand it. Ronald Reagan, my ass. Oh, this is the, it makes my blood fertile, you know. But we got a lot now. I wonder, when does this, how long does this thing go on? I guess probably all your long are going to milk this thing. And you know, what will be right there with them, side by side? You know, not that we want to milk it. But it is the summertime. Just take a look around it. You're, uh, your psychotic sports stations. Are any interest in, uh, like the like the hockey game? Did I get one call about that buffalo and that pooched performance with 12 shots against Dallas, the United States, they get a call. No, no interest. None. Although I did get a fact, I get another FedEx. Have you see that? No. From the guy and Dallas again, he doesn't, and that was after the, uh, second game after they tied up the series. I wish you'd stop setting me those damn things. Okay. You're wasting a lot of money. I hate to start like poison. Okay. My good post personal friend there at Texas. I mean, a good luck to you, but not too much. I hate them. Can't stand them. How about Rick Jenner, right? There you go. Oh, I'm certainly Frank Mahabalach. Oh, here's a mirror, Mar-Hello. You. Yes, sir. When's the church home? He went to the church. He went to the church. He was number, listen to this. He's number 13 just one ahead of Madonna. Okay. Well, one ahead of Madonna. I can separate the importance of that. And to behind John Lennon. Or you, uh, how about the alcoholic one, I talk about gangster. Right. Well, actually, you know, the problem is that they had the wrong line and on there. Okay. It's how about the line and you know, the little bit of the Bolshevik. That. Amir. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. You don't think communism was maybe a little bit influential to the century? No. No. That's what I thought. No, not not like John Lennon. Oh, okay. George tells us that John Lennon changed the way we think. Okay. That's what George said. That's what he said. Yeah. Well, I know I know you're ready to fall on a four, but that's what he said. He said, John Lennon changed the world. Let me ask you, he made it a better place. Let me ask you where he read that. Jeff. Yeah. Let me ask one more thing. Not the singer, but Karl Marx. He, uh, yeah. He's not in the top 20, which are fine-shocking. Oh, yeah. And of course he did say that religion was the opiate of the masses, which he was absolutely correct about that. So that's why they don't like, and of course keep in mind, you're not supposed to be too fond of communist. We don't want to get our laggy phone with our two and friends. They're exactly what I'm getting them all with. Come least to come. least to come. least to come. least to come. How about Jorge? Moscow. Let's come up with a Cuban with the most important influential figure of the century. We haven't had one all about some Cuban Madacone. That's what we had before. That's the Madacone guy. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Great show today. Yes, it is. I'll get these people sick and little, but do you're thinking, Chape Son, God dammit? Yeah, I agree. And now it's time. That's four and a reason he had 25 years I'm ready to kill him. Who is? Who is? Who is? He made a 25 years of him. He made a 25 years of him. I'm ready to kill him. Say it again one more time. This phone sucks. Okay. Okay. He said 25 years. Something like that. Like I said, we're taking Alexander Graham Bell off the list. There whoever invented the cell phone, which I don't know who that is. Get him get him off the list. Yeah, the phone was invented at the end of the 19th century. That's not a 20th century person. Right? Absolutely correct. Look at this. Look at this bunch. Elvis, Yitz Sackra Bean, and Hitler. And the Pope. Look at the Pope. I wish you could see this picture of the Pope. A senile old man with a beanie and a dress. How about you, I want to think he's the only drag queen on the list. Oh, that's for God damn sure. Here's Miami. Hello. Bethany and Neil. Yes, sir. How about um, for just sure number of people that have been influenced is a Walt Disney? Walt Disney should be on the list, you're right. And I'm a way ahead of Madonna. I'll tell you that. And also the D. S. Russell, who was some strong in all those guys? And that boring John Glenn. Exactly. Right. That's it. Okay. And have a great day and keep doing the right stuff. When you live in Miami, you've got to keep doing the right stuff. That's what John Glenn said that boring phony a piece of crap. 5675 how about Lawrence Stivak? Who? First the moderator of me to eat the press. Saw the some Jews. Yeah, how about the who invented television for crying out loud? What how could you leave that out? Filo T. Farmsworth. Yeah. Filo T. Farmsworth. How about him? That's because nobody knows who that is. I say, uh, Jesus Christ. How how could Filo T. Farmsworth not be on the list? If time would do a better job of educating us about who invented a lot of these things? Like the cell phone for example, which I'm not putting that in the same category where we'll tell a vision. But certainly got to be in the top 20. How could anything for good or evil as Howard Beal would say? How could anything be more influential in the 20th century, especially in latter half? But then frickin television, you idiots? I mean the Pope, what kind of TV programs did he put on except those stupid boring masses every week? They get pretty repetitive by the way. Worst in all, I love Lucy reruns. I like the one where they're eating the candy off the agenda line. Four minutes before noon is 560 WQAM. Oh Who are they with� bank robin? Or who the eyeball there. The littlechan. Fried potatoes with the tricks. Tim can slice is the rate If it can be. Definitely. Right to the centrifuging. Right to the Congress, and send it to some white people. Nobody is dead. All the few people, why do they trust that God? Yeah! God of God all dumb people, The truth is all most common in the world. Residents, plants, and they sit the hell, because fools close their eyes to the thrimes. Never the time, I've lived a few minutes, and we've moved up the sky to play. We've moved up the sky to play. All the students, they sit the hell, and we've lived a few minutes, and we've been struck down the far home. All the cold, and we've moved up the sky. And children, we've been almost gone. We've been brought up to the most common stretch of our list. I'd say they overwhelming majority of the names that I'm looking at these pictures here. These are old people. Old, other than Elvis, and that's basically it. When you look at the pictures, look at the Eschatra Bean. He was old, Hitler, he was old, crazy man. Einstein, real old, the Pope older than Saddust, Billy Graham, old, Martin Luther King didn't, wasn't around long enough to be old. Mahandas Gandhi, old, and the feeble, and losing weight fast. Ronald Reagan, old, and don't remember what was all about. And Henry Ford, old. Henry Ford was a, and see the reason you brought him up is because he was an anti-Semite. That's why you thought he ought to be able to know that. Oh, and speaking of that, by the way, so George had his appearance Saturday morning, which I forgot to tell you about. And there were some people turned out. It wasn't a total loss. And a couple of them said, oh, yeah. A couple of our business Jews came to say to George, they're wagged their finger in his face. Why did you said to Matt things about Israel? Oh, like that. They went, yeah. And you should have told him, Cox, a holly, so take it out of here. Go eat some blinches. Okay. Go eat some of that jacket that place. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, old people on the mother Teresa, old and wrinkled up. Winston Churchill, it was marvelous to guard his mouth. Nelson Mandela, he's pretty goddamn old. The Pope, Pope, Paul of six. Now I can confuse. Pope, Paul of six. He was the skinny one, right? That's kind of taller skinny one. Which is the one that got off after 33 days and he had a bad cup of tea. You know, that wasn't Godfather. That's Rick. Come on, my Catholic friends in here. I'm going to go. That's it for a long time. Ah, Jesus Christ. So one that had the cup of tea and he didn't wake up, he went, oh, and all of a sudden, because he was too liberal and he was going to do this and go to them, they said, Oh, you're not. Which was the one that stole money from stupid people. All of you both. How about Pope Pius? He never met a Nazi didn't like Pope Pius the 12th. No, Pope Paul of six. Wasn't he, I don't know. So Adam Hussein, old crazy person and Thomas Edison. Oh, but not a bad guy. Say goodbye. Say goodbye. Did they ever see those films at Thomas Edison? Death. I mean, absolutely death. Well, you know, when you listen to all that loud rock and roll music on your, phonograph on your Victroller. Yeah, even the RCA dog head better hearing them him. Tipper. Say goodbye. Goodbye. And he would turn around. Goodbye. And I totally, definitely. He had that little horn used to stick in his ear. And if he didn't say goodbye, why would say, I mean, he did. Good old time Edison, baby. There was a genius. There was somebody we should all in fact he should be number one. I'm convinced right now. We wouldn't be sitting here talking to these people right now. If we weren't for good old time Edison, you wouldn't have your air conditioning going right now. And what about Benjamin Franklin, even though it's a wrong century, let's give him an asterisk. Here's a Hollywood. Anya, and if we can put Jesus in the 20th century, why not Ben Franklin, he's on the coin. Yes sir. He was a Pope John Paul the first that was off. Was it? Yeah. Which one was Pope John Paul the six? Was that the, he was Pope John Paul the first that we're, Paul the six. Well I don't know. He was his predecessor. He was the tall skitter. He predatory. How about the inventor of the breast implant? Yeah. What about the Brittany agrees? Brittany agrees. Yes. All right. That's all I had that's all material. You know, Brittany says, a ride. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, Matt is going to be talking about Brittany's **** right on the sports dog. Whatever we call a sports talk. Oh, excuse me. Talk about reverting back to our old origins, huh? We're always sports talk on this station, allegedly. That don't even make it as claim or for us between 10 and two, because we're small potatoes. And we're not part of Greg's big fat ego. He's over and played an ego. But all his sports teams that were losing our adson. And nobody cares about. It's only the 14th of June, Boyle. There are a couple of months before that first off, an exhibition game. And all around here they're going, oh, thank God. Thank God. Maybe we can hang on until then. Here's a highly, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. What about Mark Coney? Wasn't that the centering? Not the Coney yet. No, Mark Coney was yet the centering. That was influential, isn't it? Yeah, you're right. Okay. For us it is. And listen, you asked about most of your Cuban. How about most of your gay Cuban, Ricky Ricardo? Okay. How about Ricky Martin? Is that what he said? Oh, he's Puerto Rican. I'm sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Ricky Martin. He cries a lot. In case you missed the beginning of the show, turn to page two in your paper this morning in the Ascent Sentinel. He cries a lot. He used to cry a lot. He cries all the way to the bank. He's crying over here. He says it's a very healthy habit. Men do cry. Especially men like you, Ricky. They cry a lot. They whip her in a cry a lot. And they make little whip her in songs. Probably the pain in that. Back though. That might have something to do with it. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil God. Yes, sir. I have one for you that you probably would like very much. Arthur C. Clark developed the communication satellite. Yeah. Without him, you wouldn't have your little dish to watch your hockey. Oh, okay. He's number one. There you go. And one for George to change music about less Paul is work with the electric guitar. Yeah, but who the hell knows less Paul and Mary Ford? I'm capital records in Viacun Deos. Who knows that? I don't know. He was no Elvis Presley. No. Thank God. But there wouldn't be any rock and roll with electric guitar. That's right. All right. I'm not a material. And God bless you. Yeah, see if we're going to do a music thing. How about Bill Haley? Even though he didn't have that awful spit curl or whatever you call that? What do you call that? What was that thing? He had that little spit curl. Huh? He had a spit curl and when you walk through the airport, he'd always get himself a... Spitchine. Bill Haley. I mean, he was the guy that is given all the credit for being like the first rock and roll guy. So why the hell would you put Elvis? He didn't change anything. All they changed was the Ed Solomon show. That's all that they wouldn't show him from the waist down. And of course, when you see Ricky Martin, you think, what a waste. God. Maybe we can get Wayne to take control of his career. Okay, because he's in the waste management. Some he needs to control that. It is out of control at whole Ricky Martin thing. Is there anybody else out there who despises this whole phenomenon as much as I do? Huh? Not that I wish him any ill or really. Actually, I used to say, you know, he was okay. As long as I didn't have to see him too much. He was all right. But now it's just annoying. It's just like, like he's a singer. Is he a singer? No. There anybody with a brain that thinks he's a singer? No. Jesus Christ. Nine minutes past noon at five, 60, 21 come to an banging in the butt, honey. Go on. Go on. Go on. And our race. You're done today. Okay. Have yourself a downhill prison fun. Roll your friends away. We'll back you all, though. If any of you are right, you want to go. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, like we'll be sweeter. When you catch your heater, you carry your life into the deadly. Come on and join today. Just see a merry-go-round. We'll be on the run. And our race. And for the head. And for the chest. And always, and for the head. And there we are in love. Start doing your business. You've been involved for three years. You've been involved for three years. And then you're like you all the time. Come on and join today. And you'll be proud to say you're a veteran. Okay. The good one, the latest of Bush Gore-Polar on CNN 56-40 for Bush. This country is obsessed with Bush. You know, it's too much Bush. It's a little Bush is okay. But too much Bush, it's a bad thing. Here's the North Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Well, as far as an impact on popular music in the 20th century, I have to go with the Beatles. This poll isn't about the impact of popular music in the 20th century. This poll is about the person of the century. The most intimate, the person of the greatest impact on the 20th century. But I would have to go without one Burke. Okay, great. Like I said, how come I knew that this guy was an A. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Okay. Just another answer. There's so many assholes in the naked city. And believe me, we don't miss too many on his show. Here's my email. It was on the other side. Yes, sir. Back on the earlier kind of store my thunder with the alcohol. But you mentioned, we need to replace the it's rock. It's rock with my or my or my. Because I mean, I least my or my ask is a lot of going over. Yeah, a lot of going. Yeah. It's what I mean, was that exactly. That's my point. Who down those who yet. I mean, it would be like, have I gave you the real names of the martial brothers? What's the name of the ask? Is the bearded one on there? No. You know that if you were to go that best my report to Montenir. Would have been forming at the mouth. Exactly. But I'm listening. Madonna, they should replace her with John Gotti. Okay. 560, 50560 on the mobile one line. We already told you, sir. Get it right. Okay. We told you. That's who needs to be on the goddamn list. Here's the North Miami Beach. Hello. North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. I know. I got one for you. It's probably not on the list. I'm up to the inventor of the internet and the app sign. The internet and the one. And the app sign. The app sign for the internet. Like at awell.com. The internet. The internet. The internet is the most important person of the 20th century. I would say more than that. I would say more than that. I would say more than that. In the end of the ampersand. I'm up to the internet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. See, and the best part of it is when we don't even know who the names of these people are. All of that file on the words. See, that's criminal. That goes to show what we learn in this country. We learn nothing. We learn nothing. We learn about crap. We learn about top culture. We learn about the meaningless, fluffy people. That's what we learn about. And we all walk around going. Going. Like that. He was also ripped off by the way. Who file? Yeah. Like RKO. I think so all is patent. That's why nobody ever do want. Who? Do want. They were the first. Tellers never. Because they do want. Maybe it was them. Maybe it was them. Maybe it was them. Maybe it was. Whatever whoever it was. Probably a bunch of glue. 5607. And the guy that said Walt Disney. You're right. Certainly. If there's anybody in the entertainment area that's been the most influential for like a bit over half of the century. It's freaking Walt Disney. Whether you like to murder. Whether you want to those bat discs. It's all pissed off and fired up. Because they're all those, those, the baggage up there. And because you still pissed off about that. Pretty smoothly. Even if you're a bat disc. Whether you like Disney or not. Certainly was influential. I had a little mustache too. By the way. So there's two people on list with a little mustache. So let's put Grouch on there. Okay. Let's get that all a little mustache on there. Who else do we know with a little mustache? There could have been an on list. Yeah. How about the 20 most influential people with a little mustache. They might narrow it down a little bit. Oh, now you're going to get all those crazy Jews upset again. Oh, you can't put Hitler on there. Well, he's on there. Charlie Chaplin. Charlie Chaplin. There you go. He never met a. He didn't like. Here's Hollywood. Hello. How about the guy named marijuana? Hey, how about the guy that started. Yeah. I'm reporting the good weed. How about the guy that brought in the first Colombian go? What do you say? Uh-huh. 5.6705. Here's a call from Omaha. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. I have an answer to the list. Bob Gutioni. Yeah. I mean, he brought Lesbians in the mainstream. Yeah. Okay. Well, call Howard with that tomorrow. Haven't put him on his lesbian list. 5.670560. Pound 560. We're not in a bulldox on his show except that one nice lady that's looking for something. Where was she bitching about? She went to somewhere. There's all the, all about all the ugly lesbians down here. I mean, I don't want to sound insensitive. But is there any, I guess there's some nice looking lesbians? Huh? Just not in Florida. And not on Howard's show. Beats. 5.670560. Pound 560 on a mobile online. As we continue our search, this is the most important god damn thing. Can't we do better than Elvis? Can't we do better than Yitzkakrabin? Which is not only that the guy I know who that is. But half of the Jews don't know who that was either. Yitzkakrabin. I mean, what I think of Israel. Okay. When I think of the 51 years of Israel since 1948. Yitzkakrabin even the first end that comes to my mind. No, of course not. He had motion Diane with the iPad. Okay. And you had, what was his name? The big, what was the very art? Abba even. Huh? Abba even. I'm sorry if I just sound like a funny name. I know it is. Well, he had a rock group named after him. 560560. Gold of May year. Menach from bacon. Oh, little pre-luncher for stability. I think I got a clap. Yeah. I think I got some escargo just like Sabrina had. Oh, by the way, how did she like that? She didn't have it. I told her, you know, the blow it all. She's like, it's not. Is that what she told her? I told her look. We have a table full of appetizers. Eat these. Yeah. That's right. They brought us here. Thank goodness for that. Because she thought it sounded good, but it's not. Okay. Here's a little havan. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing sir? Okay. Okay. Let me add one to the list. I think Moche, as far as to juice. Moche, Diane. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's the bomb. 560560. Another one of your people. Okay. A little havan. Another one of your people who's full of, you know, can't go 7 words without saying crap. 560560. Pound 560 on a mobile one. I mean, we need to have a place like a North Dakota where we take all the people I came in and they make them into like real human beings. You know, just get that sound out of their voice and that whole thing out of their mind if they still have one left. A deep programming place for like a desperate old Cubans. Oh, it's speaking of old Cuban trolls. I'm going to be doing a show on that tomorrow. I'm not, but I'm just a fight that if there's anything more persistent, more offensive, more anxious than the old Cuban trolls. I just don't know what to say. You know what I'm saying? Maricones, Maricones, Maricones, Grande. So, okay, Grande, Cimo. Oh, God, go away. Please. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I got one thing for the ladies about Montenegro Lowe and Pierre de Coines. Yeah. How about Martha Gina Coines? Okay. Montenegro Lowe and Skate. There you go. I'll tell you one thing, if nothing else, she and Bubba brought the tribes, said this over and over again. That's a good tech. They brought the term blow job and like, you know, acceptance to the popular acceptance. And everybody's saying, oh, what's wrong with that? Here's Tamara. Hello. How about Kathy Willis and she had a small mustache? Uh-huh. 560, 50, 50, pound 560 out of mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. How do you know? She had the worst compulsion, by the way, that modeled, what do you call it? Yes, sir. I'm fine. What do you think about Ellen the Gennish? What do I think of her? I was one of the top 50 and far entrepreneurs. I'd say she's one of the top 50,000 bull likes is what she is. If we're having like a specialized list, one of the top 10 million bull likes of all time. Right next to a martina Navarra, Tolova. And right underneath Billy Jean King. Ellen, degenerate. I mean, talk about another hype job. Talk about much to do about nothing. You know, that would be like Charles Nelson Riley comes on here tomorrow. And he's a gay character in a sitcom, you know? And everybody's saying, oh my god, really? What a revelation. Like Jim J. Bullock, you know, comes out of the closet. Oh, wow. You've got to be kidding me, you know? Just like this Ricky Martin thing, okay? I mean, come on ladies, wake up and sniff the lilac. That's what he wears out here. Essence of lilac, you know? It smells like, smells like Rochester. Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello? Yes, sir. You know, how about Helen Keller? Helen Keller, I like it. In fact, it inspires me to play that. That's great. There you go. Okay, thank you. Thank you. That was a request. 560, 50560. You know, just a woman got an opinion on this. You women out there, you know, something? They're right. You're busy watching Jerry Springer and all the other vacuous crap. And you're all sitting there going, she won your hide. Isn't the miracle worker? Yeah, that's a little bit. How come this thing is acting up to me? It's not doing my- Yeah. Hey, Helen Keller, we're ready, okay? It's not doing my bidding the way I'm sitting. It's supposed to be doing. It's acting like real independent like Joe Costello. Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello? How's it going, Neil? Great. Two names for your list. Yeah. The first one, the great doctor Timothy Leary. And the second one, Hunter S. Thompson. The great journal is himself. No. Okay, great. 560, 50560 and Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Anybody- No. Close? No. Here's Boca, hello? Boca. You know, I thought that guy, we can think for all these studios in South Florida. Castro. Yeah. I have a wood for him. We'd have nothing but English speaking people here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And we wouldn't have those half-and-save with all these people when they come on over here. They wouldn't get all our tax money. Okay. Got it? If you see K, say hi. 560, 50560 on a mobile one line. How about some cracker? That would be good. Let's get a cracker one. How about Jesse Jackson, huh? He brought back the soldiers. And I was going to go over there and try to bring those 13 Jews. How do you like that? Don't bring him to sunrise. That's all we ask. We got enough old Jews and sunrise already. Okay, Jesse. Here's a mobile informe, sir. Hello. Very good day to you. You mentioned the small moustaches. You mentioned Hitler. You're going to have to mention Clement Atley. The man. No one. We don't have to. These people don't have any ID who that is. I don't know what you're doing. That's true, Neil. And how about a mobile sample and he had a small moustache? Absolutely. He had a piece in our time. He definitely did. And I mostly had more pieces than anybody else. But one more than Mr. Walter Kronkeye. Yeah. Oh, well, the Kronkeye. He would. Yeah. As you know, he just, he was just the voice for a brand new film now about Edison. Yeah. Of course. Another man that was just into our century. Can you believe Elvis Presley is on his list? Can you believe what a bunch of vacuum brains we have in the US? Yeah. But you have to understand something, Neil, that your time of humour is so above everybody. But even when you insult them, they don't get it. Yeah. But this list isn't based in my audience. This is from the entire our universe out here on the internet from the worldwide net. And this is the best we can do is Elvis Presley and Madonna and John Lennon and Princess Diana. It just shows you. But when a guy comes up with a few moments ago and saying, well, what about the internet? The guy that the act. So, it's on the second. Wait a minute. The act sign has been, if I want to call it a match sign, I'm sorry to do it. It's been on the tight right if a guy knows how long. Can many people remember what a tight writer is? No. No. They don't remember what a rock and a, on a hopper. Yeah, they, that's where the guy is. He's between the rock and the outside. Have fun. And back to you. Cheerio. And thank God nobody put that stuff. He all queen on the list. I don't know. I forgot for that. Or that Prince Edward, by the way, anybody believe that marriage is getting involved there? No. If I get 26, pass 12, why do they have to do that? Well, maybe somebody can explain to me why this goes on? I mean, he, he, you know, he doesn't have a heroin is head. He's an old, the funny, dirty everybody knows that he floats like a butterfly. And, and it's not the queen, it's what's his name. Prince Philip, he's the, you know, because he screwed everything. It's got a screwed on all over the world. He's the one that insisted either you take a wife now or we're going to like, you know, get your bad hairpiece like Bob Byzenberg. Well, why does that have to, why does this go on? Why do we have all these beers? Why are there so many like, you know, especially puts in the in US? This is the meal rancher's show. This is your brand. Any questions? Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands. Plus week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass. As my ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say here, stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond here it is. I just pulled it out of my ass. Thank you so much sweetheart. It's 1231 at 560 WCM. Hank from Shulose State to a 2 o'clock. You man it's six o'clock tonight till 930 the pad the I say panther. It will be better. The Marlon Pregame 93 and that the Marlon's at Arizona to take on those red hot whatever the name is. What's Arizona? I forgot. There was a diamond bag. How could I forget? Excuse me. Which I haven't a big year by the way. The diamond bag is anybody here. No. This is beautiful. Thanks to our close friend Brad over at Tony's. It's got great stuff. Great pieces and subs in in Salatha and all that other great stuff. 560, pon 560 on a mobile one line. No outrage about Elvis by the way. In fact we probably most of the people in the Saudi and probably would agree with that. They're probably this is the credit. Yeah. This is the Grace Land crowd. I'm telling you we did that thing that one day and I almost staggered out of the building that day. That was just in such disbelief. I mean, there are a lot of people out there who are category but Jesus Christ. Grace Land? What kind of a real man goes to Grace Land? Huh? What kind of a man with any kind of cohones at all would go to Grace Land? Oh, yo, my wife dragged me along. Sounds like her real push to me. Here's a, what is it? Where am I doing? Where am I going? What is life all about? Here's a mobile in Pompito Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. First off, Elvis. I'd rather have access to Rosalindlis and Elvis Bradboy. Yeah. That's his mind. That's his mind. Second off, the wife is a cave that you just ran. It's actually quite a proposter in the fact that I'm in the computer and she's rather entertaining. And third off for the list, you've got to have two on there. You've got to have Markone and Jonas talk. Yeah, Jonas talk. How is Madonna is on the list? And not Jonas talk. Who came up with a scary polio vaccine? Well, just began with the Jolipop with a Ram Madonna being a wheelchair. So there you go. I mean, she'd be thinking like a prayer for the real thing. But you know, I definitely amarkone because without Markone, if you wouldn't know about it, we're in stuff like that in Pompito Beach. Absolutely correct, sir. Thanks for having us you. And whoever, in fact, invented Pompito, so in by the way, because without whoever invented Pompito, so in, forget about the wheelchair, you can imagine what we're doing. The wheelchair, you can imagine what we'll be happening to on the Donner right now. Imagine all the diseases that would have killed her ass. Five, six, seven, five, six. I'm so who invented Pena Sohan? Do we know how about Louis Pasteur? That was the previous century. Was that the 19th century? Huh? I think so. Definitely worth. Do you think? Well, there's a lot of stuff that was like borderline. Like Alexander Graham Bell, I think, was like an 1898 or something like right toward the 19th century. What about Darlin, Darlin? Darlin? Yeah. I want to start with your kind of pink Oathie is crap now, okay? Charles Darlin, my ass. Next, you're going to be start with that scopes monkey trial. You don't talk about it about? Don't be trying to pass off. Pondophina public, all that balloon, okay? Oh, man. By the way, speaking of the scopes monkey trial, where's where with our thing? Does he plan on just keeping that, is that it? Are gigantic black penis? I mean, I know that a lot of jokes like Roy would like to have a gigantic black penis, but I think in his case, one would be enough. Here's Darlin, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, John Lennon said that the Beatles were bigger than Jesus Christ. That is correct. And I think he's right. Yeah. I think he's right. No, huh? They were in any event. By the way, I believe it was Fleming. You'll brought an expression who would discover that as well. We don't even know his first name. How do you like that? That's kind of education. We get an America. We don't know Filo, T. Farmsworth. And we don't know goddamn Fleming's first name. All he did was invent penicillic. So we're not all rotting and puking and dying from all these disabilities, microbes that got invented. Okay. And let's, by the way, could you have the address of the phone number or the website or something of that freedom from religion group that you would talk about last week? Uh, hang on a second. No, don't give it to him. Okay. Thank you. I'm going to give that fine gentleman a sentiment or write direction. Okay. Send him in the absolute write direction and get him off all this religious bull crap. Let me say it again. If you tune in late, let me recommend you to a brilliant letter to the editor in this morning's, uh, as it's a son. I wish I wish they'd stop having tight that so similar. But this is the son sentinel. Graham, Codry, and Pompano Beach, the golden rule covers that I read it on here before we this short. I'm not going to read it again. Right on target. Graham, nice going sweet art. Oh, all these religious maniacs. Oh, yeah, just say a little prayer. That's what Deanna Warwick said. And now she had to come up with a stupid second hotline just like Spore Griffin to make a view box. How much money do you think she's making from that thing? That's real. She. I don't know. Everywhere. If you ever watch much music from Toronto on a satellite, which is a much better music than MTV, we'll get it here. Yeah. Yeah. It's 269. But if you ever watch that, she is on there with a second hotline crap. I mean, non stop, 8 million hours a day. She's got to be rated in a big fat box. If you've parted my expression, I didn't say she was big and fat all or she is. She's the sweet heart. We love you so Griffin. In fact, she's one of the very few nice people on Power 96. Most of our bunch of snooty assholes. We discussed that it dinner by the way, all 500 of us on Saturday night. And we took a poll on me agreed. It was unanimous. Most of the people of Power 96 are a bunch of snooty assholes who think they're phones think, OK. And we don't give a crap, OK? Because we're talking to people over the age of 10. Not that our audience is any great IQ because. Yeah. But nevertheless, everything is relative. Here's a mobile informe, I was in last week. I'm referring to my most influential. I know last week, you were talking about steakhouse. I mentioned to you about the canned, so you steakhouse. You ever have the corn over there? The corn sure is special. Mighty special. My corn is one of the worst things you can put in your body by the way. Is that true? Very bad for a corn. And potatoes. According to Dr. Acton. According to people that know. Anyway, my most influential in this particular order. Are you Warren, Rick Weaver, and Joey Carr? OK. Joey Carr, excellent. Oh, ha ha ha ha. Dining and dancing. Anybody member Joey Carr? No, no, come on. And his brother Steve Levy. I always wondered how come his, you know, because obviously Joey changed his name. How come you changed your name, Joey? Always be suspicious to Jewish guys who changed their name to phony names like, you know, Neil Rogers. That's right. Joey Carr, my ass. How could his name be, Carr, and his brother's name was like, Steve Cohen? Why didn't you change it to something that wouldn't have been so obvious like you to leverage? Well, this is good. Thank you, Tony. But I think Tony is kind of replacing somebody in Omsam. He's filling the breach. At one, I think 3441. At 1093 and 441. Right down the street, good old Tony's. It's got great stuff. Some of the best pizza anywhere in town. I think they're starting to move right on in Brad down there Tony's. I think he's rising up and like, you know, I don't want to make sure you're the name. But when you're busy getting late 24 hours a day Jeff, that's what happens when you're not minding the story. And you're not looking all of us on other people kind of move in and they fill that breach. And your S.O.L. You're just standing there holding it all by yourself. 21 before we were at one of the five 60 WCWM. At the Florida spots, not good. It's great. She won your heart in some miracle worker. Despite her handicapped, she left behind a lifetime of achievements. And now, with a discovery of rare audio dates, found in a face of in somewhere in New Jersey. Jeff Jam Records makes available to you. Helen Keller, Screens of Blue. The series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out of pound a sound. The water yours. Have your penny card read. And call 1-800. Water now, we'll get a credit card. I barley matman and Johnny Ray. Oh, by the way, how about the guy who invented the hearing implant? Whatever they call that. The reason I bring that up is for the people that are guiding light people. So that now maybe Abby, Abby, go ahead and do John, I need to know. Now that Abby can finally hear, I'm guiding light. You know, I get no. No calls about guiding light anymore. Shame on you, okay. Here's one of our lawyer friends, which I won't mention Lady Lourer again, because she gets upset like it's a sexist thing. She says all of men and women who gave their lives. And all of the wars of the century. Oops, I meant Madonna Elvis and John Paul II. Nice going, Lady Lourer friend. I mean, this this this pool is such a tremendous tip off on the mentality, the American freaking people that it's terrifying, the Elvis factor. That's why America is going into crap. Okay. The Elvis factor seriously. You're right. Elvis did change America. He turned it into a bunch of sippering idiots who are all sluck into Grace Land that even at great intellectuals, you Paul Simon had a write a song called Grace Land. And he only did that after he started doing that after a corner music. Well, what was that all about? What was the name of that album? Grace Land. Was that the name of the album that held the African music on? Oh, God. I was saying it dinner Saturday. There are two places in the world that are the last two places that I want to visit. Okay. One is any place in Africa. And number two is Israel. Okay. Those are the last two. Oh. Because if I want to see lots and lots of shfarts, it's all the one place I'll go back to Detroit. And number two, if I want to see a lot of old Jews, I'll go to sunrise. Don't you want to see the wall? No, I don't want to see the wall. I don't want to see the Orthodox Jews wailing, hawking the China quailand back and forth. And I think like a bunch of stolen age bar barriers. Because it's embarrassing to me. God. Just pathetic. All these hysterical people with a piece of desert. Like I said, give me a piece of desert colos Vegas. Then I'll get excited. Give me a piece of desert colos Vegas. God. God. Here's Westchester. Hello. I wonder how Corey Stamins doing in four miles by the way. Here's Westchester. By the way, Fleming's first thing was Alexander. Was it really? Yes, sir. Huh. Okay. Alexander Hamilton. Alexander Fleming. And Alexander's restaurant. There's a fellow that was so influential out there that in powerful that his name is purposely rest off the risk. He used the guy that guided us through World War II. He ran the World Bank. He got Germany back to respect the ability after the war. He used the chairman of the CFR. Chairman of the Chasewood hadn't been. Yeah. War and Commission and all that stuff. As they was John J. McCoy. Really? Yes, sir. Okay. I guess we'll have to take your word for it. Where are you? Perhaps some colors back me up. Okay. Thank you. Don't say it back me up. Not in this town. Okay. Not a good thing to say. Back me up. 560, 560, 560, animal. I never finished my piece on glory holes. I thought we got some people in this audience who would say the whoever they invented was that the glory hole might be out to why you're up on a list. Ah! And you poor bastards out there that don't even know what that is. You show me a guy that doesn't know a good glory hole when he sees when master you guys don't get around too much. Here's Miami. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. I'm in the middle lunch. You have to forgive me too. I'm thinking of eating stereo sir. The gentleman with Lincoln Martin Luther King or thinking John F. Kennedy. Yeah. The legitimate we're thinking Ben and Jerry. Mm-hmm. That's mine. Okay. That's my pick. Who a Ben and Jerry and whoever the guy was. Whoever the flavor guy was who invented the fish food. I got his name. You know the guy who invented who came up with a food food. Something's a pound. Al Capone invented fish food. Like that. Huh? And they tried to smear him just because he was Italian again. Remember they came in here that one time? You said you were four. He used to not hear downstairs. And they said, George is looking okay. He'll find it. 560 pound, 560 out of over one. I was close. Arnold Carbone. Car, Carbone. Good Italian boy. It was a great project. But he was the most influential. Kind of a Italian name. Arnold by the way. You ever made an Italian guy named Arnold? No. Never heard of such a thing. That guy was something else. Huh? Originally. What do you mean? Like the Ouija Carbone. There you go. Good Italian boy. It's Italian invented the telephone. Television. Mark Coney invented radio. Huh? Detailed invented everything. Master? Okay. Now that's your good one for you. Now I'm just kidding at that. You don't know that. Okay. Markle Polo. See, nobody we didn't know was for sure. Which direction he was swinging at him. You don't want to say. And the pasta too. No, seriously. Nobody we even know is if the Chinese invented pasta first. Or if they went from Italy to China. Because you know those Romans. They were swinging there stuff around all over the world. They were swinging there stuff too. Here is a Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Which direction would you want to go? I would rank them all up there. Yeah. But he was much too intellectual. He would be like one step above Adelaide Stevens. And this Steven's never got elected president. But Woodrow Wilson was a real genius. You know an intellectual. And of course, Americans don't like intellectuals. I think way to do the professor professor. Yeah. Princeton right came up with legination right. Not of a broken heart. And his wife's running to country for a while. Through head of stroke right. He was like, you know, like that. And also too. Yeah. I don't know their names but the scientists that the Western electric Glad to come up with the transistor. You know. And for the women I would think a mealier. Hard to see on there somewhere. She's not even on a list. If we don't have any women calling volunteering women's names. Not that women has to volunteer. But you wouldn't think if anybody would do it. They would do it and they're not doing it. Madonna didn't influence anything. Elvis didn't influence any princess died. She was. She's nobody. Princess Diana. I mean, my God. She was like, uh, she married into a bunch of, uh, bullcraft. That's all. They're about to hype. A night she died. I got bored with it after an hour and started flipping on something else. I'm TV. You mean you could find something else? Just to every channel learning channel. Yeah, there you go. It's the building, the bridge, uh, 10 Reflaglers, more influential. And I would say the bridge tender is more influential, right? Oh yeah, for someone just the United States only. I would say Ray Clark. Uh-huh. Because of McDonald's and, and, uh, how about Charlie Finley? Like, what did he do besides the Oakland A? That's what I'm saying. He reinvented the uniforms in a whole. He reinvented baseball. And then he reinvented, uh, getting rid of all the salaries. And creating a crappy team. He was did the long before waiting at it. Oh, Kurt Flud started the free agent's wisdom, right? And who came up with the interstate highway system was an Eisenhower's planner, a group of senators. I think Johnny Bauer and have a great day. Got him. I left him cold with that one. I say Johnny Bauer for most influential man of the century. How about punch him like? There you go. Now we're talking. Hey, let's talk some good Canadian people, most influential. God damn it. How about Tim Horton? Oh, he got those don't. He's got bigels, you know. They got bigels. If Tim Horton's now. Let's talk some serious stuff. Let's talk about Bill and Foster. He would. Now you're talking. Here's a Jupiter. Hello. He will. God. Yes. Listen. I, with the same man in town. Are those folks voting on Elvis and him? Uh-huh. I'm surprised they didn't include Bart Simpson and Flipper and my mother in the car. Yeah. Now if you're going to put a flip or a nair, we definitely say Luke Helpin. Yeah. How about, how about OJ? Yeah. I mentioned it. You know, the real problem is that these people could be on a jury when you were on like this. They're on a jury in a real world. Yeah. And your life is on the line. How do you like that? Yeah. They're even old enough to vote. That's real scary. Right. And two. Just like that. Function was on OJ's jury singing that old black magic in the background. Jury number five. Right. Didn't give her the her ass. Yeah. How about a singer's request? Yes. For a douchebag. Hey, Ron. You're a douchebag. Okay. Thank you. See ya. Hey, Ron. You're what he said. Said you suck. 560, 50560, pomp 560 and a mobile moment. Of course, I know he's bad. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. How are you doing? All right. You got your break coming up. Yes. You might not have liked this. But I'll vote for Elvis. And I'm going to grateful in August 16th. Oh, no. Why? Why? Oh, I've been there before. It's a lot of fun. Doing what? What do you do there? Do all like open a can. What do you do there? Well, you look at everything that you get to go in his jet. You go in Graceland. You go in the tours. You go in the get rid of the 400s of what? What do you see on the tours? What do you see? What do you see? Yeah. So I can't. It's not the whole thing just give me a half of a rinse in. I have this one part where they have his 16 order of bills. You can go out and look in and everything else. They have a nobosquart. Where they go into his den. They go to the grave site. They go to his, the best places the awards room. That's phenomenal. That's unbelievable. They're brilliant. And you're serious about the interesting thing is to aggravate me. Oh, I want to say I've all the gold records. I mean, it's phenomenal. That he sold over a billion records and nobody's even closed to that. It's unbelievable. Yeah. Really? That's why I'm almost gag when I heard Katie Kirk say the other day when she stayed Ricky Martin on. She was comparing him with Elvis. I was like, well, she's. I mean, everybody is in a quiet taste. But please, he has to sell another bill. And record like that. Yeah. Why did you compare our rookie Martin War like little Richard? I have a great taste. I love it. Please don't do it. Please reconsider. Okay. He will even consider. No. He's going to grace land. Oh, God. I'm serious. He sounds like a reasonable guy. He sounds like thoroughly intelligent. Artigulists. He just got a little brain fart up there. Okay. That it can't overcome. Like I have my sugar addiction. This guy's got an great line of addiction. He's not even an Elvis addiction. He's going to pay money to go there and see Elvis's cars again. He already saw the before. He's going to pay money to go see them again. Elvis, personally, the most influential person of the 20th century, the most important person in our lives. Now I understand why people are asking these questions. Like, how did we get here or what's it all about? Now I understand. Because your life must be a vacuum. If Elvis is the most important figure of this century in your life and how was Elvis making all those records by the way for words for Thomas Edison? Huh? How about those pornographs that Thomas Edison invented? That's right. He invented the pornograph and who don't like pornography. Al Goldstein, like I said, President, free ass for everybody. That's what we read. That's going to be our platform. Okay. Free ass free weed. That's just he to body. That's our deal. Okay. And then I'm as vote. Even the right wingers will say, all right. We'll just deny it, but we'll do it anyway. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Oh, it's so simple. It's so basically simple. Does that everybody alone and get laid a lot and smokes and weed? That's all. I don't smoke it myself, but nevertheless, I know plenty of people who do, like everybody in this building. And everybody I know in Amsterdam. Yeah. I mean, see, I like being an individualist. That's why when I go over there, I'm the one guy who don't smoke in Amsterdam. Yeah. That's the odd man out. I'm going to get you to the end. My ass is hooting for a day out. The lot of the two hours. How does we get stopped? It started by the dentist. We both were followed up. Bad of the rest of the plants. The hotly was coming. I was walking. And they should be with big movies. Very hot to resist. But if you're a girl who's thinking about kissing them, well, I insist. Trusting me that all you get before these. To keep them from and wound, check the pressurie's day with an escape cage and a flight to 100 miles when you move. It'll be a booze. You run a knee every day. If you already have big movies, don't be like Kamala. Hey, why not go by big booze. Show them up today. And if you're going to be so trusted, you have a ride up way. Okay, it's 101 at 5.60. We're solving the problems of the world here today. We're showing you exactly the American mentality at its finest. Eeeey! Oh, so we just had a guy. I commend that guy for having a ball. See, the rest of you are a bunch of pussy's. Okay, this guy's got the balls. Because he's a decent guy. I've talked to that guy before. But he's just got the bizarre taste. That's all. Maybe I'm the one that's all screwed up. Maybe Elvis was important, huh? No. Maybe I'm full of crap on his. No. Yeah, you think Elvis was sleeping with his mother till he was 25? I mean, yeah, he looked good. Okay, for a while, there he looked pretty damn good. Nobody can deny that. He looked good, especially from the neck up. You ever see him with his shirt off by the way? He ever seen those Elvis. He looked like he slept with his mother till he was like 35. Now he was like underdeveloped. You know what I'm saying? Like, and that of course he made up for it. Kind of like a bookshombie. He made up like a befo. He made up for it later life. He just beefed up to like a cow. You know, those are sad pictures. When you see him with those outfits he used to wear, you know, with the, what were they called those? You know what I'm talking about? The outfits he used to wear in a Vegas show with the, with the stuff, the sequins, the thick ones and stuff. Yeah, but the thrills, whatever. The tassels, the tassels. And it was like, oh my god, I'm trying to, I'm trying to fit an elephant into a small, like a spito, you know, like put in the French Canadian out there. God. But you know, we got to remember him when he looked great. Like when the stand came out, do we want the young Elvis, the old bloated fat Elvis? These are the kinds of things that America worries about. And argues about feverishly. And that's why Ricky Martin is so big here now. Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. Well, men, ladies. Thomas. What are you doing? Pretty good. I got your cheeseburger, sitting right here Elvis. And double cheese pizzas. Thank you. Thank you, uh, again, we're, well, first of all. Um, she needs a little prayer out there now. Stevenson was. That's our poll question. Who sang it better? You're reeter or Dion, go ahead. Um, you're reeter or much better. I like you reeter. Hey, Franklin. Um, it can't be, but um, Roll was couldn't even find her way to St. Jose. I like it. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. How come she's asking directions to San Jose? I guess I got her second powers later on in life. I actually should be courted those marginal, a birdbacker, ex-song. Thank you. By the way, that's our poll question. Can I ask my module? Adam, uh, what's his name? Austin Powers, a birdbacker, act. All right. I've come in at a little late here, so I don't have your, uh, by the way, I understand how you're having a nervous breakdown here, because believe me, I'm having a nervous breakdown. I have a wonderful day. No, I'm having a free lunch. You should be having a nervous breakdown. I'm not using to be your co-workers. Okay. The most influential person of the 20th century. She's, um, Yes. She's presumed, uh, she's lost and she presumed there. Made a little here. I'm, I mentioned that. Okay. I came in late. Yeah. At this late, 100 years from now, um, Abraham Lincoln will pale in significance to her. Okay. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. You really believe that? What? No. No. Yes, I know you, you, she, you know, can't be true, because you know the way they've doctor history in this country. They, they, she always has to be looked upon as, as a bad person, you know, she's the, I said, a hundred years from now. Okay. We're dead. Yeah. Okay. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, the truth. What is it all about? Why is healthy? See, that's another deon, what we're, okay. Have a great day, sir. You're keeping your stuck out. You keep like a dog chasing it still. You're a good guy. You keep coming back to the deon, what we're thinking again. And if I have to see that, it's what that sucky hotline one more time that freaking deon, who ain't paying her bills to good by the way, understand? See, I mean, are we supposed to feel sorry for people like that who make million? There's so many of those people. They make a fortune and then they blow it all. And then like, oh, well, let's, let's, you know, take up a collection because so it's whoever was, they just didn't manage your money. Well, two freaking bad, okay. Give me a chance to make 20 or 30 million to see how well I managed it. All right, I'll be gone in a heartbeat, man. I'll be out of here so fact. You'll say, keep positive USA. How's he doing by the way? I was thinking about him over the weekend. Steve, a bowler. I good friend. You know, I was thinking about, I was thinking about the day I meet in Ricky. And obviously I will, because this, this place is so, and it's interesting because I discovered an Mickey before we came here. Just like I discovered a recent Miguel and I discovered Ricky Martin before any, you know, before we had a supposedly thinking was a real singer. All these people because I used to watch that tell a hit on the Mexican satellite before they went digital. I couldn't see it anymore. So I don't know when we get, I had his CD and Italian there, which is great, which you don't like because you're jealous because you don't like the Italian language. No, I don't like him. Why not? You can't sing. Is it that more? He sings just fine, God damn it. The house raw with you man. See, I think you are in Ricky Martin. I think you like him because he's Puerto Rican, which is closer. It's a lot closer to the, like, and a lot closer to Cuba's insane. See, he's, he's, hey man. Is that the one we asked? Is that, what? See, that's, it's cut the line, it's the way they speak. They speak over there. But, but I'll look, but I'll look, I'll look at you. Even if, I'm not aware, I was in the middle of the, they all spoke with the list. Okay. See, you say, you say, want to see it? You can see it. You can see it. Yeah, you can see it. Yeah, you can see it. You can see it. It's not at all, but what's it going? This is Giants number one in Denmark. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What's wrong with that? Your mom can, like, and we can't read. That doesn't mean she's going to, like, write, write over to Val Harbor, and not kind of door yet. So we can be directly to where the houses, who are the voices, they're green. Not, now, what kind of the, see, you, you got me off, my thing there with that in Re-case stuff. I was talking about something very important there. I had, you want to robes in right away, if you, you, uh, ringer, uh, children of woodbile. We had something very important there, God damn it. And you started with this in the beginning of the day. So, you know, you're going to be a little bit more than that. I think it's a big mole on his goddamn cheek. I think it's cancerous. I don't know what it is, but it keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger. It's melanoma. It's gigantic, it's huge. It's a tumor. There's nothing wrong with, like, a little thing, like, pay, Lee's a woman, has said this morning, but he's got a gigantic growth on his face that even he admits is, like, three times the size of his penis. Poor Enrique. You got to compare. Oh, I got him beat. Don't be knocking my, Oh, I was starting to see. And I know what it was. I was talking about my good buddy who's one of your people by the way, and one of my people also. Steady Barrochi, Achiver Rea. From K-Posso, you would say. And that's time I met him at the hockey game for the first time. I'm, I'm, seriously, this man embraced me. And that's what I minded that, because he still all looked at bed. But like I was his best long friend. I never met him before my life. See, that's the kind of guy I appreciate. Good guy. A good red blooded hot blooded guy like him who's part human and have Jewish. See? And Jewish from the waist down by the way. Oh! So we don't have to mess around with that peckerino cheese and let that get in a way. You'll ride you, son. You'll ride them, shooting them, where they'll end that chase. I was just being hooked. And we met him at the hockey game for the first time. Oh, I was running like a little bit of a fool. Get me up like a head. Oh, I got the bad, but I can still run. I'm so scared. Okay. Okay. 1, 4, 10, and it's 5, 60, W, 2, and just 45 minutes away from the award-winning Henry Goldberg show. From Shoes Day 2. So anyway, I'm just getting a pitch now and about how great Shoes is. I think we're going to go there in a couple of weeks. Huh? Who's we? Oh, that's right. I forgot that comment. You made about the back street boys before. Huh? No, we can all go again. All right. Yeah. I'll buy. I mean, I respect anybody. You're slipper to buy it a place like that. Whether it's a place that's expensive, but they have to put it on a football. What? No, you're not buying it. Shoes. You can buy it like it, you know. Right. I'm serious. I think it would be a real interesting experience. Then we can make a comparison. And then, of course, I might be a little bit more scared. And then, of course, I'm my friend to with Christmas. Oh, gee, what the Shoes? I got to see, okay. Hank's always raving about Shoes. He's done this show like two, three days a week from Shoes. Let me give them a chance, okay? Sounds great. And I can't wait to see the interaction between Joe. Between Joe and the Stephanie. That's right. I think the seating arrangements will be exactly the same. And I think Joe and Stephanie need to sit a little bit closer together. And maybe JP and I could sit like a little bit closer together, too. You catch my drift. You see what I'm saying? Like real real close. Okay. We got this all sculpted out. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Michael, you know this is Bucci. How are you doing? Okay, Bucci. I'm wondering about the one and only that you forgot on the list. That's glorious day. Since you shaved or my scotch off, you should definitely be on the list. Yeah, good point. You know, so let's get her Congo going a little bit and remind everybody. Okay. Let's hear it for glory, huh? Oh, 560560. What about Bella Obsler? Oh, no. Come on. I mean, like I said, let's have a woman on list, but not somebody too feminine. Okay, Bella Obsler, they would be good. 560560, POMP 560 on the AT&T wireless one. I guess one thing we should be grateful for is that so far, no one has seriously subjected that anybody from the world of sports beyond the list. Okay. Thank God for that. I think that's a good show because people like Elvis and Madonna and John Lennon and Ricky Martin. Okay. But I mean, Jesus and Joseph, let's not get no juxtaporders on your except for Frank Mahavoloch. Now what does that say? He's the ice cream company driver for what? Well, we'll find out. Do we know what company works for? Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, what about, well, first of all, I absolutely don't vote for anybody that wears a schmoth dog or head. When you call it anyway. Well, he's in Durga Gandhi out, I guess. He's just shite and the crazy guy over there. But anyway, we're about Jay Edgar Hoover. Jay Edgar Hoover, yeah, we gotta get the least one flag on the list. Right. I'll tell you why. Not only because he was, you know, part women, woman or something, but he was a snappy dresser. He, yeah, he was. He ruled an agency for almost 50 years. Right. And he was arguably the most tolerating scene in the country. And he had more naked pictures of the Kennedy's than they got right here. He kept us from, from doing anything about organized crime. Right. And then possibly, there's a lot of people believe that he was involved in the assassination. Martin Luther King. Right. Make more NJFK too. Possibly. Two of the biggest assassinations of the century. Right. And he used to need to Joe Stonecrab's a lot. So that, you know, that says, and he used to go down to a Gulf stream in the High Alia. Well, that makes him a fact. What did that make him? That makes him gay at your Hoover. This guy doesn't know the J. Edgar Hoover was there. Okay, 560, 50560, Pont560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. In fact, he's a boyfriend of 30 years Clyde Tulson. The two of them when Clyde died after gay at your Hoover died first. They were a buried side by side, like real close. So they could, like, kind of, you know, touch on the ground a little bit. You know, they could just kind of reach across and touch someone. Maybe their worms were, like, kind of touching each other on the ground. You think? Huh? Here's a, what happened to the ice cream guy? What was that all about? What was the yesterday with the ice cream truck guy? Psych. Really? He hung up? Which I say good. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. I got one, but I don't know whether I got a couple. I bought Jackie Robinson. Oh, here we go. Well, sports, you know, he did, uh, no sports or no. Bugsy, single. Yeah. Is he on the list? 560, 560, pot. No, what do you say? Mugsie Solomon? He's not on the list. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18T, where are the slime? Here's a mobile in Hobbs, sound, hello. Yeah, me, oh. Yes, sir. I think somebody that needs to be on a list of the Dr. Paul Wanchel. Yeah. You know, that is right. He invented the, uh, replacement heart valve. Right. Yeah. I think that's very important to the secretary. Okay. Thank you so much. 560, 560, pot. 560, on the 18T, where are the slime? See, we're looking for number one. We're looking for the person in the century. Who is the most influential person? Who made the most crap happen? Who had the greatest impact on the lives of the people who lived in the 20th century? And anybody who doubts that Adolf Hitler is much as we despise him. That he should be at or near the top of the list is, uh, in a living in denial, okay? And they don't want to understand this thing. All the hours professionally psychotic. Anybody can be professionally pissed off. That takes no talent to do that. But to use a little bit more brain power and to try to understand the point that they're getting it. Just like the man of the year. That time does. This is just an extension of the man of the year thing. An addition to which it isn't going to change anything anyway. It's just a guy named picture on a front of a guy named magazine, okay? No, no, I know it wouldn't be. Because it's just another source for people to get fired up and pissed off. Which is one of the things Americans love to do is to get fired up and pissed off about silly crap. Important stuff. Wow. Don't worry about that. But silly super-cellious crap like this. They get really whipped up into a frenzy about it. They're going to almost think about that. How about Howard Veal, huh? Oh, yeah. How about Patty Trieski? There's a guy that was way ahead of his time. Certainly not on top of the list, but in the top of the 3,400 Patty Trieski network hospital. How about Trish Vanderveer? Here's Miami, hello. Hi, Veal. Yes, sir. I had to call after hearing the guy call from when to Graceland. I got to get a Graceland a couple years ago for the anniversary of Elvis's dad. And I got to tell you, brother, the biggest bunch of backward ass freaks that I've ever seen in his life. Exactly. Trailer Trish Vanderveer, not in the set for the jury spring or show when I got them spare time. Stay as if on over to Graceland. I'm not only the freaks that are going there to dress up, but they bring their children in wheelchairs. Yeah. And parade them around the grave like he's some kind of misdias. Well, even the gimp's are supposed to be able to see Elvis. That's it. Hey, closing? Yes, sir. Sugar cookies, I repeat, Cooze. Yeah, how come Sandy Paines is on the list? Let's get Sandy on there. Oh! Most important bitch of the century, that's what I would probably say if she could be here to say it. Boy, don't you wish she could talk from the grave now, huh? Oh, man. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Not that we're into gossip or anything like that, but what is it? Here's Pemberpind. Hello. Great. Pretty lady's good, but might not be on the list of her rows apart. Rosa Parks and Frank. And Frank. And Carl Nuffin Riley. And Charles Nelson Riley is the third lady. Thank you. There's a good list of women for you. And Frank, there was a big piece yesterday, which I've seen about 600 other times on MSNBC. As I was channel surfing. And then Frank business again. And of course, if you want to go see the house of Anne Frank, where she was heading out, just go to Amsterdam, that's where it was. Where the Dutch people had a lot of juice because the Dutch people generally speak at our Pre-decent people. See, there's a difference between the Deutsche men and the Dutch men. I'm other hasn't figured that out yet. But there's a difference between the Dutch men and the Dutch men. Okay, ma. You got it. You got it yet? No. 560, pound five 60. Although I will say this, Germany is a beautiful country. I hate to say that, but it happens to be through Berlin, is a great city, and Colone will knock your socks off. Man. Huh? I mean, maybe you want to walk real fast. Some of the stores where there's some of those lamb shades, but other than that. What? Walk fast past the bear building if you're a Jew. Yes. Oh, the bear building. I forgot about that. I didn't see what George was telling me about the 2020 piece on Friday night. About the bear aspirin people and about their ancestral relationship with Anne Off Hitler. So, right next time you people pop a couple of bear aspirin in your mouth. Put your arm out into 45 degree angle and do a little sigile. Okay, for their fewer. I prefer anisine myself. What does that tell you? And I like I totally on the train when you come into Colone. There's the big bear factory right there. I mean, I never never dawned on the other. You just see it. And now that we put two and two together, I'm not going back to Colone until the next time. Few weeks. Alice Rand tell you to vote, but I just don't want his anvost on here. Chronic, your chronic pal, you disturb me deeply. What I'm trying to say is you're deeply disturbed. 567-0560-POM-560 on the AT&T-Wilders Fund. Yeah, Alice Rand tell who had the balls to come out of the closet not. Who's close personal friends on the lightbulb. Drag them out kicking and screaming, self-hating queen, self-hating right wing. You know, you show me your long cabin republic and I'll show you like Jews for Hitler. Okay. Well, by the way, we missed our whole big important thing. We're going to do today about who drives more cat-lacks, old Jews or shparks. Sure, you do understand what that's all about. And of course, a lot of the old Jews have abandoned the cat-lack now for the Lincoln Continental, which is a much bigger and more spacious and dangerous Duke-Nood than the Cat-lack. Because the Continental, you can drive in three lanes at one time and you got a continental. Cat-lack only two lanes, but when you got a big wide boat like your Continental, you can drive in four lanes at the same time. All over the place. But to see you black folks out there, you think that if you're driving a beat up bull, jeloppy cat-lack, that it's kind of a simple success. And all we're saying when we see that it, oh, there's another sparse in a beat up bull cat-lack. Which you could drive probably for the same amount of money, a much more reasonable use car of some other make that would actually be a real car. You know, like a beat up bull, brown, Toyota, like the of both people do. But no, you want to drive any kind of cat-lack and then of course there's the guys with a pimple wheel. Like Stanley Cohen used to have an INZ that big yellow civil, which we used to call a pimple wheel. Hey, Stanley, I hate to break the news here, but Jews don't drive big yellow civil, okay? Especially out there in the middle of an Opalock or whatever. Well, what was that place? Carroll City. Of course he was a little slow Stanley Cohen used to go. Hey, a lot, a lot he used to do that. Why you don't pick on the seals department, Neil, why? Oh boy, people that I've worked for in this time, I'll tell you one thing about Greg Reed, he's a good guy, okay? He's a little, yeah, but he's a good guy, you know, he means well. And we'll find out who the father of those kids is. 26 after one at 5. 16, now he promises pictures, okay? I think this is good. I think this is excellent. We can get to know him a little bit better. He promises to bring in pictures like when he was a teenager. What is blonde hair? It is, yeah, whatever he, and he was probably like to your four inches taller than two. Aren't you always a little suspect when the kids are like, you know, a foot taller than bad. They got a different color here, and they don't look at all like Danny, different color eyes. You've got a lovely wife, nice family, but it just, we need to find out. I've made you apparently. Who? Greg Reed's wife. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, ah, eh, this is no, this is there, there's no love, Oh, Ohhh, Oh, Lord, you've got a seedu loez it, Oh, Oh, those are swallow eggs, Oh, those are swallow eggs, Thank you, not knocking on your ears at the bars. Plus, that's your heart, oh, Hey, Abolort. It's all for their bodies. Fuck, you are in the funky box. Good, mocking, mocking major��z этого! I'm the guy for a million dollars that hasn't healed himself yet. I'm the one who brings the loser for loser. Ninety ninety nine sponsored by value jack. That's their own he's killed. And then mine a coin. The loser for loser. Ninety ninety nine. The loser for loser. One thirty two at five sixty WCU. Let me take a poll by the way of Almanac and everybody said the same thing. She sucks. Okay, let's go to a mobile in the hell and deal. Hello. Yes sir. Guten Tag. What is this? Good day. Oh, good no good and talk. I mean have a bad connection. Sorry. I don't be talking in Deutsche again. My mother will get all upset. Germany is a beautiful place for us. It is. Have you ever been in Cologne? No, not in Cologne. Oh, not in beautiful city. A lot of money in that city. I don't know where they're getting it. Maybe from the bare facts. We had a no but. Next time I go back. I will check it out though. Trust me when I tell you. I was listening this morning and I took a lunch break. I don't know if anyone mentioned Jonas talk. Yes, two or three. They did or it. You're trying to say that Jonas talk was more influential than Madonna Sir. Yes sir. Oh my god. And John Lennon and Elvis Presley? Well, I don't know about Lennon. Not only kidding. Yeah. A lot of them are. How about Chuck Susto? John Kusto. There you go. I'll let it's that. Yeah. Not that it's still. I don't know. I don't know. Exactly. Carl Fagan. Carl Fagan. There you go. A little pseudo intellectual. A little small. I've never less than brought in. Guy who told her. And as far as ladies go, I really have an hard time coming up with one. Judge Judy. Judge Judy. Yeah. I go along with that. Okay. She just like Joe's girlfriend. Man, she kicks ass. She don't take any crap from anybody that Jennifer. Whatever her name is. Jenny Jenny out of Jenny. Whatever. What is it? I don't know what it is. You're getting close. Jenny, I brought a lot of her. Who to roll a, I don't know. Jenina. Jo, Janina. What kind of a name is that? A Janina. I know Janina or Jenny. How about what even Jenny sufficient? Did we call her Jenny or not? No, we don't. She gets pissed off. I'm not going to try. Don't mess with Jenny now. Tell you that. Chuck, kick your ass. And of course in Joe's case, it's easy because he's about three feet tall. See, that's, see, that's the deal. So that's the deal there. See, it's easy for her to like dominate him or at least try because he's like, comes up to her, put the girl like you in your wife. You come up to her knee, which is interesting, you know, this is not actually right up to her. Short step later. Yeah. Like I said, that next president America's too big on. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I done. Good. A couple of weeks ago, they had that whole article about time magazine on CNN. Right. And I before they gave the results, we said, oh, it's going to be FDR probably. You know, he's not even in the top 20. That's the first one. He was elected four times. I said on Friday, he didn't got to be FDR or Hitler. It's got to be one of those exactly. But what we before they gave the results, I said, I said, easy, easy one FDR. Right. And not even on the list. And you want to know why because most of the people who are voting, first of all, old people don't use the internet, okay? Yeah, I understand. And most of the people who are voting were born long after FDR. Was that in other words, when he died, I was two and a half years old, okay? So even though I've done my history and I know who he was and what he did and all of that. And it was a big fan reading about him. Nevertheless, most of these people, I mean under the age of 50, they haven't got a clue who that is. How was it made? I was made when Elvis and his... Elvis Presley, number one, sir. And yet, talk about being number two, even he is ratings would say, What? What's the favorite? Yeah. What is that? It's incredible. Another thing you were talking about in Piqui, Glittonius. Right. And you were talking about a small penis? Right. That's what he said. Okay, but remember, Enrique Glittonius mother is from the Philippines. All of that explained. He's a happy Asian man. He's a happy Asian man. He has to Latino and has to Hispanic. Yeah. Not much there. Not much there, right? Probably so the left of was at the boring. Okay. Okay. Thanks to the good news. There you go Enrique. There's your problem, little Filipino action for you. Maybe Andrew Kganan and then the win Rikai. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Greek. And 5, 60 on the 18. Don't be picking on my buddy. Okay. I'm hoping to meet him one of these days. And how come I've been here? You're in a half. All I ever hear of. Even Greg Sonny is coming here the other day, which I never met before. So realize kids. And he says to me, uh, all of you, and Rikai, and he was like two doors from us. As if I haven't heard that 50 million times about how Greg brought the house. And I'm going to be used to live in. And Yati Yati Yati. How come I haven't met him yet? He loves me. He's a rich, bigger group of you. And I am of his. I don't give me wrong. I like him. But, you know, I'm a little realistic. No, seriously, he looks good. See, even you admit he looks good. Okay. He looks a little like, uh, what's his name? Only with a bigger thing on his post. And a smaller thing between. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. And I'll need it. I hope, yes, sir. I'm sterling for the mail and Richard Simmons for the, well, okay. Great. Thank you so much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60. On the 18. And T. Why was my A by matching Corvittal? No. Well, we got to get some queen on there, you know. So we have to have one or two live. I mean, every group has got to have a representative on the list. At least bubbling under somewhere, you know. Here's Corvittal. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Why not someone here as a woman? And Jewish and has brought you a lot of play for your life. I got a perfect situation. Who is it? Ruth for a tell. Ruth for a tell for a person in the area. Oh, over me. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you. We love Ruth's meat. Let's hear it. Even though somebody I know says that you're like sure was better. I don't know. I say I don't believe that. That's what you said. Which is one hell of a thing after a free meal. I cost like $1,000, you know. Huh? No, seriously. Let me. I don't want to put him on this spot. But let me ask you, is that the right thing to say? After somebody buys you a fantastic meal. Where everybody is spazzing. They're like squirting all over the table. So excited from the gray meal. Is I don't want to make him feel bad. You know, because no of this open up the avenue. The next meal. But you know, maybe that was planned. Maybe I'll be a little more involved in that than next dinner. You know, they can say having my meat on top of the table would be like underneath it. I never know. But seriously, I mean, I, I, I, I, I'll believe it. See, now he's got me curious. So, right? I have to try for myself. But I bet you they don't even have everybody. Stakes that she will do it. They don't have no robot. I mean, a place that brings you out of a menu on a football. Huh? They would be like, my taking you just a lot. I'll take it a whole room to throw out. We go to a place where the menus on a hockey puck. You know, somehow I just can't envision that, you know, going into the root Christian Toronto in the Hulten hotel there on Richmond Street in the University and seeing the menu on a hockey puck. And that's a pretty hockey intensive town, but I just somehow can't see that. But anyway, well, well, well, well, feel it out. 20 to 42 and five, 50, W 2A and Oh, god new. Little And his brain was in his phone. Great. We're waiting for the game. That would be a good game. We are the joke again. Well, you're talking about time out of the door. We're waiting for the game. We're waiting for the game. We're waiting for the game. His hand name was far out of the crowd to come. He was afraid of the tension makes a roof. The fear of the soul is not he never saw anyone wrong. He's been at the rear of the window and died. He's been... Now and not safe from the red, obviously. He's no thief, a cat. Hail to the coward in chief. Oh, what? We're here for the game. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. Not even that just happened. I've done it. It's done. We're waiting for the game. We're waiting for the game. We're waiting for the game. We're waiting for the game. 145 at 560 WQM the most important person of the 20th century. Is it... I mean, what's the point? Why are they doing this? All over discillies and great time. We're going to continue this by the way for next four months. It kills great time. But what is the point? Because the answers that the American public come up with are the crappy education system that we have are so embarrassing. The idea that anybody from show business or sports or the entertainment world in any way could be on his list like in the top 20 or 30 or four. It's not 20 or 30 or 40 is so insulting. That's the thing. It's not just stupid. It's insulting. That's somebody like Elvis Presley or Madonna was the most influential person of the 20th century on the face of it. Basically what you're saying is, I'm a moron. I'm an imbicil. I'm a jackass. I'm a fool. That's right. That's exactly right. You're going, like that to the whole world. You just pull your pants down and show in your big, simply fat ass. Everybody in the world are going. Yeah. I'm a bladder rigged idiot. Here's my any, hello. Neil. Yes sir. That's who the answer is. Yes. Alan and John Foster Dullis. Daw. Onks. It's not for John Foster Dullis. No war guilt clause after World War One. No way. I'll fit learn to World War Two. No cold war. And you can end this in the Suez Canal. Correct. And for all your Cuban listeners. No Alan Dullis. No Bay of Pigs. There you go. Okay. All we can say is. I got the man of the year. Book of life. You got the person of the century. After they made him a two way to move. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the 18th, while he was lying. Tell him about the Ricky Martin song. By the way, which I already forgot. It was a great idea. Had a great song for you. Ricky Martin song. How about Ricky please lose our numbers. That would be another one. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. If Elvis said it's soccer one in two. Who was three and four? Frank Lawsman. Keith Perry? Yes. How about Winston Churchill? Winston Churchill was down. He was behind John Lennon and mother Teresa. He was number 13. And what about he? I'm not lucky. Number 13. What about Joseph Stalin? He got some votes but not in the top 20. What about Senator McCarthy? Senator McCarthy? Yeah. Good. We should have made the top one. And raise party functions. What about Neil Armstrong and Buzz Alder? No. Now we're not in the space. How about top 10 bottles of the century? Yeah. That's next year. Captain Joseph Hazelwood. Yeah. Thanks on bellbees. Have a great day. And back too. By the way, excellent. I think was the station where we got the bad map on course of all. 560560. Well, we just got some crappy matches. Those Chinese would just be a little bit less hotheaded. Okay. If they let them demonstrate as much of what they're going to string against their own government. As they do, you know, throw in rocks and bricks in us and our embassy over there. Then maybe they might get something done. Of course they can be produced like rabbits. Here's Miami. Hello. And you know, why aren't you on the list? I'm number 6. Really? Well, hey buddy, you know, I'll go behind you. What? Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm always ready to, uh, punch your bloody asshole with a, uh, plunger. Okay. Thanks. Fine. That was the achieve from plantation. 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. Wattles line. Yeah. Well, maybe they can put you away. Like they did the other guy in New York. Okay, asshole. Here's a tempered pine. Hello. Okay. There's a line eight factor again. There you go. I think you're Greg. Like I said, don't even waste your time finding those pictures, which he's been a dummy up and probably buy from somebody. Oh, speaking of buying, I almost forgot. I keep I wrote this down. Not only is Roy Foster was he acting real strange in here on Friday, looking for cigars and the other sort of things. And then running out of here with that big gigantic black bill, though. But anybody need any colon? No. You know how you have the various places like at gas stations and shopping malls. There are guys with like trucks and vans that come up to you. And they have stereo equipment and various other goods that they're selling you. So if anybody in building would like some bootleg colon, Roy's got a special this week. Let me first do that. Yeah. On OJ, which smells like. Yeah, like that. OJ. Think he has your car noir. Yeah. Yeah. He's got our cop noir. So there you go. Anybody wants bootleg colon just to be Roy Foster and the QAM sales department. He's got it. Okay. He's got colon up his vacuum. And mama, that's why I had that oozing bloody stool problem. Yeah. And maybe it was that the gigantic black, uh, instrument. I hope noir. Maybe that big gigantic black instrument is what did it. That'll give you bloody oozing stool every time or a better cut it out. Selling bootleg perfume around the, I mean, what is that? Huh? What could he do? He's trying to make ends meet a little bit and, you know, he's just their face man, but nevertheless, 10 before 2 at 560 WQMU watch.