Well, see mine is for it. See mine is. Wrong way to- Bored radio, 560 W2AM, Miami 4800 L. Deeper is the Neil Roger Show, They're talking to Neil, called 560- 560 toll free, free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free-)? Nothing Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- Free- That's what a design mode out there just to be paid again. Stop! Whoa! We got you! That's what a win-paying mode was taken from the 50th. Wait, unlike the old day and long, to leave the beginning of the day and long. That's not like you know. Like that in the fall, to wait in the last fifth, I'm better now than you! Stop! Whoa! You got you! Stop! That's not like you know. Let's just get it again. Stop! Whoa! That's what a win-paying mode was taken from the 50th. Stop! Whoa! Whoa! Yeah, you did it! That's what a win-paying mode was taken from the 50th. Stop! Whoa! You got you! We shot both the Jedi! Bring all the top two birds! Stop! Whoa! Whoa! You're cruising the... There's more in! Whoa! That's what a win-paying mode was taken from the 50th. Stop! That's what a win-paying mode was taken from the 50th. That's what a win-paying mode was taken from the 50th. All right, three to go! The civil club of the scene for all the baby, what a scene this one! This is impressive! And right away for a German say you saved on your honor. His first son of the game was struck in the desert from the weevel. Well, oh, Raaaaaaaaaaaaa! Sports for that? What I've said that it Marty Strock is God, baby. I told you that that the hard-ass Doug McLean, he would listen to me. You got his hands fired. Nice going. Douggy, you jack ass, you hard ass. Problem of the people in this town too many hard ass is too many experts. They all know all the answers and then all of a sudden they want to get in their ass can Don't see them no more because they won't listen anybody including experts like exactly man What again that was last night huh? So now it's the Pittsburgh Penguins in the Toronto Maple Leaf starting Friday night If you're Canada center in Toronto and And then in the wee hours of the morning, it must have been finally up here at Tursh I'm getting to greasy girl I just saw it on CNN there Against the Nikolai how boobalin is the guy said I'm seeing an international Tabubalin greasy gold or kind of a knuckleball shot and just just caught the corner late in the first overtime And same Lewis comes back from a three one deficit beats Phoenix the biggest chokeers in the history mankind and Moos on Any interest in the hockey playoff? No, how the panthers doing? No, okay speaking about the interest whole man Got another full play here today by the way. WQAM Yes, sir. Hey, you're how you doing great. Got a short show today. So we got a really speed it up Yeah, I know this was fast Hands are in the picture now Listen the two playoff games that I've watched the series Excuse me. Yes, Toronto Philadelphia great Harry's but last night was just the icing on the cake. That was a great game It was man. Hey listen. How do you like Ronnie Strockah? Go on to assist you get to number one star and I Ronnie You know you don't you don't preach me out though Jeremy yogurt full growing yeah, it's an apple four games and you got these little baseball players You know that they have a full grain and have a thumbnail that's kind of hurt and it should offer 10 games right Marty I'm excuse me. Yari yogurt sits out for four games comes back. That's a game where it gets to assist What's that? Marty Shark has six goals in the in the series Yeah, he's a leading score in a playoffs now and also leading goal scores got most points and he's either tied or leading in goal six I'll cap the VM as far as you see him take a look at that. Okay, pal. Don't forget their show starts Monday morning All right, buddy. There you go. There's a guy who's got his act together He's interested in the hockey playoff. Not some stupid star wars movie. I'm sorry. Sorry George Well, I mean, you know I understand if some people want to relive their second child They never want to grow up back on the way. I enjoyed the watching the Batman and Robin series over and over again That's because Robin was wearing those tight green tights, you know So and now of course you find out about Mark Campbell that damn fact. I can't stand it That's why you like the new one because he's not in it So you can watch it in the field my favorite part the fact that Mark Campbell is not gonna be in it. Well. He's not born yet, right? Hey, by the way, don't forget Monday. It's WQA end the prequel Yeah, that's right before they had a transmitter. Oh, that was we already are in that condition Well, I asked Mark mostly this morning about he came in this morning one of the good guys from power 96 We got two or three over there And I asked him about the footie a while 100 and he said he's an asshole. Yeah, he went on and on I said calm down Mark all I did was mention the athletes foot. He's an asshole. Oh, man. I pop pop pop pop pop pop pop He just went nuts. He went off on Do I do I dare mention this by the way this big ad because I'm always discovering to the paper Things that I think will be a ventrist. Well, that's a going out of business sale For an establishment that was once a sponsor not on this show by the way. I just thought I would mention that you know something If they would have advertised on the Neo Roger show these people might only not be going out of business They might be making a money handover lip rest. You know that even though their prices were too high Who's told me that or John penis? What but he don't have to worry about it. They're going out of business. He's not gonna have to worry about I was that his account Well, that would be kind of embarrassing if it was his account and then he would come in here and tell me that their prices were too high And they were charging like a twice what you could buy this stuff in public sport. I don't want to mention And more They're going out of business sale at what? Yeah, it's called and more your And super store And it says at the bottom of the page here we couldn't have done it without the home for whatever that means Right after it says going out of business sale. What does that mean? Default in this box too. That didn't help Hey listen if you think I'm gonna lay a lay off on a morning and afternoon shows on this station Look what happened. I finally started really ripping them and asked they went through the roof Right We need you know I heard Hank that one day. He was kind of a little cranky about the fact now We rip each other on the station. That's what the audience wants. They don't want that assucking that goes on too much We got plenty of other assuckers in this town assuckers are a dime a dozen of fatso You know what I'm saying? Hey stupid yeah They want a little feistyness. They want a little you know And of course you don't have to make it up on your own station like yesterday. I Hank's all worked up about that blog any 20 or else in the National team which we're not making that word on this show anymore. Why I'm not? Great well today I think of the my hope that that's a Mexican holiday Yeah, so problem with those great Mexicans like Luis Miguel and Anybody else any other great Mexican? No Luis Miguel and Huh There must be somebody there must be some other great Mexican god damn it Can you name one can you name one great Mexican come on beside Luis Miguel? There's gotta be somebody we have any Mexicans in this town all the way. I did notice yesterday in the paper It all sync with him. I was taken off big and this that why? Why is that probably done in the redlands leisure city? I mean the great pickers down there We have I bet you we got some Mexicans in this town who are like real upstanding citizens He's laughing by the way. That's cozisa Eight minutes past ten at five sixty WQ and we got a short show today We got the Marlins by the way nice school. I'm all in I want to point out the consistency is what life is all about They are four and fourteen at home two and seven on the road 6 and 21 overall But you notice it's exactly the same ratio two and seven four and fourteen and of course the fact that they've played 18 home games The Wing None on the road doesn't vote too well for you know 6 and 21 right now it could be like eight and 35 before too much longer So the staff don't 12 30 to pregame show one o'clock the Milwaukee Brewers who've now won what is it 10 11 Then they're row 11 in a row against the Marlins the lucky brewers over at pp parking against our Florida Marlins any interest What's whoever? No, please listen to not on TV with you listen. Oh, we paid you a hundred dollars. What do you listen? No, if we paid you five thousand dollars. Oh Speaking of big cash if you want to win some big cash head for Hollywood seminal gaming Where winners have recently walked away with big fat six figure jackpods You It's from a tech map bank! Those robber would be muslims waiting! From guy days that they like it that way, But I just can't understand! I'm the fan! Why they like to see my robber's days? And by product from the air, I'm a little scared of another thing! I can't stand it with analist act wearing! So, if you are in the ugly song, Just get the off! At the time, if they head it down, And from the dragon's face will they burn down! And when I cover a pin, I want my head on just in song! And when I cover a pin, I want my head on the same song! Yeah, I got my hands on stuff from the clock right now! 10-15-5-60 WDQM, so they got beard, I got soda, and they got... What? I'm talking about... And more! Out of business and more! Cool page, color and blah, I'd say one thing! What does that mean, man? Wait, you could afford... Do you know how much money that must cost? Huh? What is this? The sunset and order a hero? Or are they keeping it a... I don't even know! Well, it's one of the two major papers here! That cost I believe about five grand, at least! Huh? Yeah! And of course it's multicolor, it's like red and yellow and black! Anybody out there fill in the black? On and more! They're going out of business, having a big sale! Let's give them a big plug, okay? Try to make up for those bands, boxed, they paid for on his station! 25% off! Now they're getting those prices down there! If they were to give any of these prices in the first place, they might not be going out of business, but... In more! 25% off in all wine, beer and spirits, they got wine, they got soda, they got... Stuff to drink! 50% off in all cigars, food, more! We've got to not say that because Nick will get all better, he don't care! See there, they go again! Give it those cheap cigars spots on here! This isn't even a paid spot! This is just a plug for our friends at... ...and more! Curry, everything must go! They got three locations! Haven't sure, a 21-0, 2-10, 55-to-Scan, blah, blah, blah, blah! It's not the Gulf of New York! Fort Lauderdale, 17-14 North Federal Highway! Behind, pure wedding ports! And pepper pines, 1-18-54 pines, blah, blah, blah, blah! It's a bullet bar across from pepper pines, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah! Right, if we'll let him go. Is that a pretty good spot? Huh? It's not even a paid commercial! I'm just trying to plug our friends at... ...a more because I feel bad to go in other business, because they advertise on the wrong shows! Huh? No, seriously, it says right on the bottom of the thing. It's got an answer, as you said. We couldn't have done it without you, Hank. Huh? Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha! That says right on the pay! That was funny, yeah. Just a joke. He just gets so sensitive and emotional. And of course, he's already got enough problems, poor Humphor, because he's got to come on after the Marlon's getting... ...a day, wow! I wouldn't wish that on anybody. That'll bring him back down to Earth after the day you fork weekend, beyond the, you know, Kentucky Derby telecast, ABC, all that stuff. Sitting in there with Jim and K watching. Watchy, Jim and K with his trembling hands. How would you like to have seen before he bit the big one? Howard Co. Cell trying to shake hands with Jim McKay? You think they ever actually touched any flesh? You think they ever was, you know, and how about like a three way with Muhammad Ali? Janet Reno and Michael Zay Fox. Oh, there he goes, making fun of people's up now. I mean, one of those things. It's not easy to shake somebody's hand. What about the Pope? Yeah, I'll get him in there too, okay? Now don't get into the guy in a dressing, and I'll start wondering. He might shake something else. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. You got? Yes, sir, speaking. I got a candidate for your great Mexican category. Okay. Is names Jose Cuervo, you familiar with him? No. Never heard of it. Jose Cuervo? You got it, baby. Well, what, who's that? What kind of cigars does he make? He makes, uh, tequila flavor to guys. Yeah. Yeah. He makes tequila? That's right. In Neil. Yeah. Can I call somebody a beach bag? 560560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. It's tickled in my, come on. What's wrong with you, people? Let's honor the great Mexicans of the world. Well, why you give me a look like that? You are so anti-Mexican just because you're a professional. You know, which we don't say on the air anymore, because we're a second out of that crack. Oh, two great letters to the editor by the way, and which paper the Harold. About that business over my international. See, if I never flew out of my international, but I happen to be one of their most frequent customers. I should have a frequent magazine by her card for my international. Because I buy every tabloid before we get on any trip going to Toronto, going out of town, going anywhere, going to Europe, you buy all the tabloids, which is a lot of crap, but it's fun reading kills the kills hours. It's great. And I just pick up whatever they got, the examiner, the tatler, the sun, the inquire, I just pick them all up. But boy, they got some hootsbow over there. There's a maniacs, these right wing. Pfft, over there. Try to censure the stuff. So there's a Bradley Burkeman in Miami Beach and Doug Williams in my, I mean, I'm not going to waste the time reading these letters to the end of this morning, but right on target about these assholes trying to like, you know, little individual censures we got in this town. Yeah, bring back that goddamn censorship board for the movies for everything, for books for magazines. That's what we need. We'll have the cat licklead deciding what you can read, and what you can't read, and what you can listen to, and what you can touch as in black dom. Oh, yeah, they like that. Okay, it's, uh, and more going out of business. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Let's try it again, hello. Yeah, I had to snooze you, but we'd Miguel is not Mexican. He's a Puerto Rican. No, he's not. He was born in Puerto Rico, but he's not Puerto Rican. Well, he was born in Puerto Rican. He was born, what? And his Puerto Rico. His father was Mexican. His mother was Italian. So he might have a little Puerto Rican in him, but that's his business. See, there you go again, or start in this guy. Must have been a professional. Fuck like you. He's not Puerto Rican. He was born in Puerto Rico. He was like Luis Miguel. Oh, yeah, he's Puerto Rican. No, he's not. Oh, man. Just because you hate the Puerto Rican, then you can't. I, no, I'm not the one that hates Puerto Rican. That's you. I love the Puerto Rican. I have no problem with the Puerto Rican. I don't even know any Puerto Rican to be honest with you. If we got any Puerto Rican, you need audience call right now. Okay, and call your just stupid. Whatever that word is. Just don't want to admit because you're the Puerto Rican. And then you won't. So what's the other thing? Or is it? And more is it. Uh, well, we got plenty of things we're bleepin' today. Come on, let's hear some Puerto Rican today on L.A. Sinkland and my O.D. Well, now what's the, uh, what's the big Puerto Rican holiday? Well, there must be something. What do they celebrate? National Switchblade Day. They must have a day for something. What's the claim to fame for Puerto Rico? Next to Cole, like the guy said, it's the Kila, it's Luis Miguel. It's like a polco, those sunny beaches. What's Puerto Rico's claim to fame? Besides, they want to be the 50th or the state in Wino, Wano. What's their claim to fame? Besides the Bronx. Here's a mobile and four-later deal, hello. Yeah, I think the name of that place is beverages and crisp more. I think I said that. I'll stand, sir. Excellent job. Yeah, thank you. You know why would they want out of business? Uh, okay. I wonder what ever happened by the way, that's more on. Yeah. Won't hear him no more on this station. Chef maybe on some of those awful weekend ESPN shows. Eh! 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're searching for Puerto Rican today. Come on, let's hear a little, uh, pride, a little, Nationalistic pride. No, they don't have any? Here's some rise, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. I think that the store and more is, and more, yeah. I'm right, just going out of business and Florida, like they've got places in California and so forth. But maybe they're not over price, over California, we're here, we're just one. I mean, when you can go to the publics and buy the same for half price. The discriminating South Florida shop or won't pay those prices. Right. I caught a lot of discrimination here. Yeah, I caught you because I listened to you show Monday and I couldn't call. Yeah. But you don't pay anybody else. Are you talking about colon, and dreams? I wasn't colon. I stayed right across from the cathedral. A giant cathedral that's there. The dome. The dome, yeah. Every city, Malon was got the dome, they got the dome, whatever the call that dome plays. Right. And that's your note. What hotel did you stay in the excelsior? What you write in that? And for a wee stay, that's how I'd hotel. That's about standing on the table. This was back in the late 60s. Yeah. When I was in the service, and I realized when I was there that colon, colonish vossor, which is the colonian place on, that's 4, 7, 11, which they advertise all over Europe. That's the original colon. You know, that's, um, you buy it at 7, 11? 4, 7, 11. Where you buy it at, and more. You write. Yeah. Everything wanted. I think that's a beautiful city, colon. Anybody that wants to go on and got some time to travel? I would definitely allocate two days. You've got to spend a couple of weeks in Europe. Two days in colon, please. Yeah. Beautiful city. Great people. Very upscale, beautiful shopping. Right. I wanted to tell you about it. Great, brought worst. Yeah. You were mentioning the difference between Berlin and Western. How they sell the worst. Right. They used the brooch in Berlin. Brooch in. It's a holder. The next or 50, uh, 50, uh, sending or whatever it is. Right. And they were very big on Currywurst. Yeah. They got that too. And they would try it. I'm not going to be on Currywurst because every time I see the sign, it makes me think a kid curry and I start getting like this. When I was in the service, I was stationed in Berlin. In order to get to, you could drive to West Germany from East Germany. But yeah. They had something called the duty train. Which you would say. The duty train? Yeah. I think that was the one I was on. Right. Exactly. That's why I thought of it. But that you talk about a terrible miserable horrible trip. I mean, and you were talking about the guard coming on the train. Talking about the train is out of the control of the police. The guy, well, no, the guy from, uh, Neville, and he says, From this point on, the train was Emwork, not my camera. But Emwork Germany is the, uh, right, I guess, that the German, the Netherlands border. And he said, uh, from this moment on, the train is in the hands of the German police. You know, the thing is, we just, uh, got, I got real nervous. Leaving West Berlin. I go in. Yeah. But leaving West Berlin going through East Germany, you have photos, which are the folks posed by, from East Germany. The outside of the train's the journal last. Come on. Come on the train. Let me tell you something. It was quite a trip. Just thought I'd share that with you. Okay. Have a good day. I'll see you at, and more. You got it. Let's give them a little bit of a plug. Okay. I feel bad when people go out of business. You know, they put all their hard work in that, and everything else. And then they buy spots on this station, trying to get a little business in there, trying to drum it up. And then they go bust. I feel bad about that. I'm just a little sentimentalist. Our poll question today is, by the way, which is, what's the difference between Star Wars and Star Trek, rhymes with direct? I know, don't start putting on his act for me in areas like holding his stomach and vomiting like, like I just said something blasphemous, like comparing Mexicans with, like, poor Americans, but to do a science fiction show, really. What? Get all these trekkies out of the woodwork on it? No, I don't, I don't see the difference. What's the difference between, like you're sitting in there with Joe Costello, this morning before the show, and you're going through these magazines, and, oh, please, spare me the pain. Okay. I don't, I don't see the difference. I know you don't. Do you remember the date that you went one way in the world, went the other? Yeah. November 15, 1942. 1026 to 560 WQM got him my fast, not always good, but really fast. Hey, good afternoon, how are we with you about thought of those? School. This Monday, come to the Pleasant Valley shopping center, and meet Bert Ward. That's right. Robin from the hit 1966 television series, Batman, see him live, at in-person as he celebrate his birthday at the Pleasant Valley shopping center. Hi, I'm Bert Ward. Join me in my birthday, July 6, I'll be 47 years old. Okay, I can't believe he's still sleeping. Yes, the boy wonder will be there in full costume signing autographs, posing for pictures, and answering your questions about Batman. Yeah, you and the third row. He and man, where are you? Where are you? No, she's. They're not else who's their booties. The crime fighting booties, hurt ward, while we talking about the year, since his hit show, Batman, and the impact, a jet on his life. I don't know, nothing really went right after that, and I know Adam West is doing that soft core porn as a cable, but I'm in my money getting his shot, he's still in her opening. Also, it keeps me in touch with my problem. It's Robin, live and in-person on his 47th birthday at the Pleasant Valley shopping center with over 17 great stores, and outdoor convenience 12 hours a day. I'm 47 years old, and I'm wearing plates, holy clothes. Okay, I just think that's just like that are in the old days on TV, Robin, hurt ward, or what was his name on my three sons? I want to look really, really good, even you would know. That's remember my three sons with Fred McGurray, not Chip, definitely not Chip, Ernie, not Ernie, Ernie was like the nerdy one with the glasses, the other one. What the hell was his name on my three sons? Which they brought him back and Haraldor were one of those shows. Oh, God, a few months ago, should never have to see these people when they get like old. Oh, God. Chip, Ernie, and, yeah, cleapas, right, cleatists, cleatores. Here's a great thanks by the way. It's a Strocka, I did it all. What a player imagine lying with Burie and Strocka. I'll go eat even one better than that because we could still have, if we weren't for mistakes by the organization, we could have Marty Strocka right there centering a line between Palbele Burie and Ray Wittney. I like that, huh? Just a prospect of that, gives me goosebumps in my, yeah, just thinking about that. Was it Robbie? Robbie, there you go. Thank you, whoever called him. Thank you. That's enough. All you faggot. I mean, Robbie, what was his name? Oh, man. I have to, I have to think long and hard about that one. Don Grady or Bert War. Well, that course, Don Grady never wore those tight green tights that Robin did. What do you think about two guys who lived together like that? You know, the older guy in the younger one who lived in the slide up and down Grease poles all the time? I always wondered about Alfred though. I don't know. I'm wondering if Alfred used to like hide in the closet. Maybe he had like a little people. Here's a mobile and Cooper again, Glory City. Hello. Happy to go to my own meal. And back to that. Batman, it was a gay show. It was definitely. Yeah. I've got three famous nice to come for you. All right. Here we go. Number one, Carlos Santana. The rock star. Oh, Yeah. Number two. I ever hear that again. If I ever hear black magic woman one more time. Go ahead. And number two, Santa Anna, the general who destroyed the Alamo. They even the Mexican Santa had their own Santa, right? And number three is Pontio V. I don't know. Pontio V is sure. I don't know what he did, but he was the same. Who's abandoned? Right. A bandito, like most Mexican, he was abandoned. You know, you know, a shameless request. Okay. The election song. Okay. If the head of the rest. See you. Oh. What's so funny about that? It's a truism. I mean, some people will get upset about that. Mexican bandito isn't that redundant. Sounds wrong with that. It's like Puerto Rican with a Swiss play. I mean, it's a Y-Rp. We're still waiting to hear from Puerto Ricans, by the way, as opposed to once calling off the air, part of that little, uh, Ask Grabbing Club, which you see. You didn't know that you were, uh, a f***ing grand-tung-a-rall with Puerto Ricans. I'm telling some- They're not as uptight and bigoted in, uh, you know, I'm telling the condition. As you are. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Let's all go over to f***ing. And more and buy some sodas and some beer. Have a big party. Well, speaking of party by the way, since we got that big Marlon game coming up. We haven't lunch from Chuck today. I hope. Yeah, we're talking about that whatever the thing is with the meat and the cheese. That would be real good. I'll get it. W-w-q-m. Like I said, I would have gotten it. Here's my M.E. Hello. Baraniwa. Baradaffo. Fidêles. Barangana. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. Okay, get a search party out and go get a life. Here's a mobile and highly, hello. Mobile and highly. Hello. Yes, sir. Love me. Yeah. my girlfriend's a Puerto Rican yeah and I know their favor holiday the family called warfare Friday right right excellent and but i want to get on with the the most famous Mexican yes sir the talk about you well okay quit while you're ahead now he does have a good point to talk about the well to always a hell of a lot more pop more famous in pontio via or Santa Anna wins five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line single demo do is there anybody in this town celebrating no ill single demo today there must be was ever in the paper yesterday they would have a pretty good one true wq a m aha no that was here's a lady in pepper pine hello honey else man i'm going to um change the subject i hope you don't get that if i change there is no subject on this show every day maybe i should do with this claim or the big in the show the subject is whatever okay subject okay i need your help because it's not a say coming up yeah i'm a mother of three and i am looking for them to get me some kick but chocolate and i know you had mentioned a few times in the past there are Gina bachi's from the Lorenzo's for a Gina okay okay what else what would mean what else how much talk with you want to eat you want to look at it you know i mean you had mentioned a couple of brands like there's one you can only get a most vagus i think and f-alem what's it called f-alem f-alem f-alem f-alem not only in Las Vegas but they have a two big stores in Las Vegas one in the start us casino okay one right next to with the imperial palace f-alem what that's good in fact they've got a butter crunch you know i'm talking about yes oh the f-alem makes a butter crunch that i'm addicted to it's so good that i could just die from it i could just sit there in each two three pounds and die with a big smile on my post uh oh i'm going to get that between now and the sunday well there's this company out called federal express right and for the right price you can get anything overnight baby federal express i think i've heard of them yeah yeah and what about the d-a-b-a you're not a big you're not a big guy but okay i mean it's uh how do you over price although et al-am's are expensive to both good diving can get anywhere you know okay but et al-am is worth a try that's a lemon is really good if you like those butter crunch trust me you'll love those thank you yeah i'll be in the flowers all i'll put some flowers on your tombstone oh my god some great but what a way to go okay have a happy day to go okay bye bye okay et al-am anybody know where we get some et al-am other than in Las Vegas well that's good candy that's our poor christianity by the way who makes the best candy i do like a diver huh but it is over price you find good diver like in real real upscale shopping malls you know i mean real artsy forci like in the eaten center in Toronto they got a good diver chocolates five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line where these people are really uh boring you know i mean they did hit just uh about as much fun as uh going to and more and paying too much for uh you know soda and beer and wine stuff like that they do have us stuff to drink over there by the way 22 before 11 at five well i just saw that and somebody pointed the end out to me and i feel bad okay because i know that they spent a lot of money on this station we are very some of us are very conscientious we want to do a good job for responses and when you see somebody going out of business even though they were to sponsor a mine and everyday endorsement for them better late than ever maybe i can you know maybe i can salvage them or something maybe we can get a big run on our place called f*** more hey here's a place you ought to be running to and that's me five think oh my uh oh Mexican national holiday home stations are giving away trips to Kenku some are giving away trips to Mexico City but who are you bringing Mexico to you that's right for you giving away Mexico real live Mexico i'm what we smite the healing aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station back then we of you want to you imagine your own personal Mexican wash your car in your house in your car anything you want because if they don't you'll have them deport it oh you don't be good leave a head color when you hear this out and win on Mexican members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans feeding in the lost against his winners responsibility station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans celebrate take a bit of my own home every day with your very own Mexican people with six of these okay 1043 in a non-or of ill-sicord in my old day we ought to be ordering a Mexican to the station Mexican cuisine like Taco Bell which Taco Bell has got nothing to do with Mexico what what is Mexican cuisine i mean burritos are Mexican right tacos well they are it's not the same kind of thing what do you mean by that i mean it's very refined how about the all these Mexican restaurants like Carlos and pp's and all alone closer to it uh is that like the real thing is that the emissaries that like americanized bastardized like they do in this country with virtually every kind of ethnic food that they come up with like a tag in yes that war what what passes for a tag in food in this country is so i'm talking in rom they would laugh they would laugh most of these people right right off the street it would laugh them right out of business even at and more wqln yeah i was on home i got to all okay hang on uh away where you're gone from i know yeah you know that's a land when you go out there in the wild money they got a factory out there and they just take a tour it's a typical Florida guy got that free candy right that's like in her sheep pencil vending to give you a tour but of course that's the marginal soccer compared to at the end yeah that's great you ever had they have you ever had the uh with the buttered uh whatever i was just talking about no i just i don't remember i might add it oh man they got some great stuff like buttered sheep and they got a wholesale story you can just buy this stuff right there a wholesale store yeah right there in the plant in the factory are you serious now how far out of town is it all right sorry about the twenty months twenty five minutes just they have tours just regular tours right they run buses next time i'm in Vegas i'm gonna go there okay i got to have a famous Mexican Mago labor okay thanks okay like i said quote while you're ahead they're gotta be famous Mexicans i mean they're country with that many millions of people teaming starving i would have always liked to visit Mexico but i keep in all these i guess it's too late maybe once upon a time it was safe to go there but everybody tells me i keep reading these horrible things about people that go there they go to the airport they get in a cab and nobody ever sees them again which seems to be very commonplace and also that's happening in a Brazil a lot too like in real uh in those tentative world countries i keep trying to tell you south of the Texas border not that Texas or Oklahoma so great don't pick on them with those uh tornadoes going on but not that's so great but once you get south of that US border man whoo 80th world countries just take a look at sand the promotion man from Venezuela just take a look at his face that you tell you everything you need to know across between uh the delayed angriacoon and and kian or reaves on a bad day that's sand the promotion man well by the way when taking a ring me that in ricaia record and see comes in here the other day he just is timing is so pissed for you know comes in here the other day monday i guess i'm just back from vacation i'm trying to get my mind to do well whatever i'm doing here and he's like how can be a china quizzan ricaia has got a song out of the nenglishan but i'd be bad do i want it you know i want it that's our poll question you write it here in ricaia or uh for the new back thing or banson to this song all the way to work all the way home over and over at just keep the number one i'm telling you right now it's already number two and Denmark i just thought i would mention that is if you care here's a mobile in jupiter hello yes sir uh i think it's mexican i i can't remember his name exactly that's that that uh picture for the dodgers the garrero whatever it was garrero what what what what what i don't i use that he was a he was a he was who really talk about the big fan ash the pitch at the judges and i can't i's name is escaped by my can see him but i can't think of his name right now that amazing he tried to come back about forty times what's the name garrero or what's going on here where all his name wasn't garrero there's paedro garrero but he's not a pitcher hey you know the fernado balance wheeler that's that's it yeah so much we're all hey you're a day mexican banditos i can prove it if you've ever seen a mexican drive is car they got a little tiny steering wheel i thought they could drive with the handcuffs on all right thank you sir god bless you and we're celebrating el ciclo de mayo today by making a great tribute to all the great the mexicans i think we're probably finished with a list oh we still we said if we had one famous portaric in yet today no who's not behind bars no come on i mean if we're gonna have the 50 per state let's at least find out who the famous people are like all those famous people from Alaska we just like the last game because we were worried about the pipeline up there and we wanted to tell those ruskies you better rest day on your side of the border and then of course with Hawaii we want to take care of jackalord he is dead right he's officially dead jackalord and also didn't rainman bird die out there too just like Netherlands maybe they'll have their own queens day someday you know about rainman bird of course here is a bokeh hello bokeh hey uh got a couple for you famous portaric and cichy rod rigus cichy rod rigus the golfer is a portaric and and you got a binecasteus from Mexico and you got a leechervino from Mexico leechervinos from Mexico all the golfer's there for Mexico yeah they know they're okay thank you so they know their balls in Mexico I guess golfers by the way is there anybody out there considers golf a sport i heard i know that c&n is gotten nutsian and a yes p&s got this thing out with the greatest 50,000 athletes of all time and somebody called Hank yesterday about you know marino should have been higher he was like 72 or 74 and Mickey Manel was 37 and uh and then they were talking about bobby Jones the bobby Jones was a golfer golf is not a sport i mean if you want to go out and play it it's like a recreation but anybody that says a golfer is an athlete anybody that would say that that would have be audacity to make that come in need to sucky atricol i mean let's look at serious jack Nicholas an athlete he's just like an overgrown child and never grew up in transit golf like Arnold Palmer they discovered they could make a lot of money doing it and uh they just never found a real life but a guy that spends his whole life playing golf that's an athlete no no chance and the fact that those people would be on the list along with great athletes like you know like martin strocha they go out there and risk their life and limb every night of the you know like last night i's gone penguins by the way that's going to be a great series we're finally going to see some gold score to make police in the Pittsburgh Penguins starting Friday night at the air Canada Center in Toronto if i had any brains i'd get that a lot of here Friday i'd you know get on a plane i go up there and see get some good free tickets for those playoff games i've talked about good friend Don Sherry or Ron McLean or Harry Neal or Joe Bowen somebody on the inside i wouldn't waste my time getting bad tickets from you know who well by the way says that the hate you like poison now and i want to start anything you know up but hates you like poison yeah he says you couldn't do a talk show if they stuck and revolver up your echo he says those shows you did last week they start that's what he said hey he could fill in guest host no we could not not on this show we couldn't not for two seconds oh well i got next time i go to vacation why did you have mine for a hockey show nobody q a m yeah when the talk can you speaking hi now i got a couple of Mexicans that are famous for you yes uh cheatian chan y'all right Paul Rodriguez i'm on i'm on i'm on i'm on i'm on i'm i'm not a Mexican what is he oh Tommy Chong oh no no no yes Paul Paul Rodriguez the comedian and uh thank Peter were well as well okay pina were well as a Mexican all right hey of sandy davis and rock to rook and be Jewish what can't pina were all the Mexican Canadian there's another hyphenated deal for you we keep her an all he'd like yes today all these American's calling in i don't want to hear about any more hyphenates i don't want to hear about African Americans i don't want to hear about a tight American polish Americans i don't want to hear no more of that crap okay if you're that much of a lemon if if you're that much of a a non individual is do you have no self identity that you have to be a part of some kind of a god damn club then i don't want to talk to you don't want to hear about you i hate that crap that's the biggest problem in the world if you took all i know it sounds and never gonna happen but if you took all these labels off everybody religious labels ethnic labels then nobody would know who to kill you know unless of course you took their parking spot because they don't ask any questions about that once you take your pro what did i mentioned by the way i only saw three dark people in cologne germany i mentioned i yesterday i know i did that's one a day i was there we were there for three days that saw three sparsars in cologne that's one a day it's like vitamins i can handle that more than that i get nervous that's i'm just being honest with you like here i come in here wants to do great while we see chairs a gagging oh yeah right once a great haven't seen why they uh coonzate and uh anybody else do we have any other day and we see you what's his name Lenny Martez but he's who is also Puerto Rican by the way he's Puerto Rican and he's a Puerto Rican startier i didn't know there was such a thing i know there's um shartiers a lot of him came over on those rafts from but uh i didn't know that there were black Puerto Rican sure are there black they got that car there black Mexicans oh there you go i don't question any black Mexicans let's put the search party on okay if we find any we're deportant nobody q a m yeah i want to speak to me speaking Neil yes he likes up i picked up cool because while we got a short show today you know we only got another hour and 35 minutes oh that's like a story game if we paid you $500 in any would you listen to the game absolutely not no yeah there's a two two people oh famous Puerto Rican yeah i don't think they said Roberto Clemente Roberto Clemente right there's the most famous Puerto Rican of all time with the police right humanitarian number 21 Pittsburgh pirates and then the most recent famous Mexican opening day Benny Castillo yeah somebody mentioned that oh did they like oh i just picked up hey listen i got a good car for you isn't it in Castillo Castillo Castillo Castillo with an A right you got it hey is it an 80 a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a what a George's boys i'm a panic yeah but you're not an R-u-a or your political Puerto Rican no no I'm a no you're a murder of a Okay, he said it. You're a American. Listen to this. Okay, see it. We'll be in the La Mietta. Okay, and back at you and your mama. Five, six, seven, five, 60. So anyway, our poll question today is, is it okay for black people to call each other nigger and not for us to say that? Seriously, I wish to hell. I had that video from Amsterdam. You would have to have rubber depends on. Is it okay for going to use cake? Yes. Jews don't call each other. Kike. They don't say, hey, my kike friend. No, they don't. They might say, maki. They might say, hey, you do best. I use that a lot. Slamy, I mean, to say that. Yeah, when Jeff Hike comes and they always say, slammy, I mean, oh, by the way, let me take about Jeff Hike. I have a lot of problems over here. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That was the best news I've heard in my life. Yeah, having a few problems. He came over here in the, you know, kind of like broke that contract with queer channel. But he said, okay, well, I won't do this. And I won't do that. And if I sell these accounts, I won't take any commission. And he's running around here with his big fat ass. Why does he just stop complaining? And just keep getting the free snicker bars over there. From power 96. I sniff for every time I see his fat ass. Okay, speaking of Snickers, candy. That's our poll question. Come on. Working is lady gets a metal M. Working should get some good stuff. How about some M and an animals for Mother's Day? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. W2AM. Bye. Yes, sir. Talk to you. Speaking. Meals. Yes. They said that Jews think all themselves Jews all the time. That guy's such a Jew, but I can't say that. That I'm not. Why can't you say that? Well, they could say, they say, you can't. They say that's not allowed. You sure you tell. You just got it. Cut. Cut. Call it. How about those old Jews up in Sunrise in Tamarack? You can say crazy old Jews in Zena. Yeah, I can say, but I can't go. I had a girlfriend. Jewish. I said, you know, I said, you can't say that. Sure you can. So I was like, okay, I hope you dump that bitch. Oh, she's gone long time. Good. But also, I think, is Blacks are talking in the store, man. They're all called, oh, like, I'm bigger and bigger. Yeah, I know. Oh, then I, I know. I don't know. I'm not a human. I'll put up with my last trip to Amsterdam. I never realized how frequently dark-complugged people call each other. I'm a bigger. Yeah, yeah, they got such a bigger. Well, not like what they do to call nations. Because that's the war under the pillow. What's that? But also, like, they do that. Well, hey, look, these are guys I know. I, I sell to the store and I go, listen, guys. Can you please go and do that word? You know what bothers me. They look at me, they go, and they laugh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, man. Wow. Now, what do we call Jamaicans? Our friends. Huh? Our friends. Yeah, I'm not. I think I have a good stuff. 567, 0560, Pound 560. And of course, they're bigger than that jerk pork and jerk, uh, yeah. They're jerking it. 4 minutes before 11 at 560, WQ, and there's only- Oh, it's Daddy Daddy. Daddy, you sucky. My short. Daddy, it. There's two things on the door. Daddy, you're a loser. Daddy, you're from heaven. And you're daddy's little girl. I went back home into my tent. I got her all the time. I think Mommy teach on you. My smile man, I'll be here. Whoa, with all that I've done wrong. I'm just a tongue-to-hand man. I'm glad I don't get a job. To deserve a home, give it more. To butterfly kisses that night. Daddy, you smell like beer. Sweet six feet. I'm dropping out of high school. You're looking like a mama, a little more every day. Daddy, I'm pregnant. One part, one, the other part, you're- I don't know who the father is. I'm filming the make-up from Rippen-Hang's River. I asked the turn trick. I had a hand. I'm waiting for it in a great place. I drove the car into a tree. I've been through the river. Can you just send me some cigarettes? Butterfly kisses that night. Hang out on a toast with a brightening room. You'll change your name today. Dad, I'm getting married again. You'll make a promise and I'll give her away. Dad, that's my ass. Standing in the bridal. Just staring. I think I have settler. Has me what I'm thinking. And I said I'm not sure. No, I'm got a letter, girl. We're all always. Hey, pop. We're moving in. Butterfly kisses. Dad, I asked him to move. I'm a lesbian. It's 1103 happy mothers day by the way. That's the honor of all you mothers out there. 1103 at 560WQM. We got the ball game coming up. Any interest at all? No. Marlins and the Milwaukee Brewers is the Marlins keep trying to chip away and actually win a ball game. Any chance you're going to know. Are they going to have more than 5,000? Do you think they're going to know? No. That's coming up 1230 with a pregame on a clock. They're going to be on after the game, which, uh, I said, you know, but in the world, and these. Oh, God, following a Marlin game. And then what we got to rest of them was to have something going on. Six o'clock after Hank from four to six. We got, yeah, you made it. Here you go, the mad dog. A cappling tentaclant tonight. And I can call it. Now, how come the guy called me to complain that Ed give him a bad horse and derby? Why did he go? Why did he show us a ball, sir? The guy that called here yesterday and said, it cappled with a son of a bitch and everybody. Every other thing out of the sun. Call him up and tell him that. Here's plantation. Hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Deldas mother that if you really want the best chocolate and the whole white world from the home of the Rangers and the islanders, there's a little place called thought here on the Rockefeller Center. What is it? Social TAUSCGR. They'll ship it to spread to you. Champagne troubles are absolutely to die for. Do you have the number? Oh, boy. So I've ordered from there, but it's social at the Rockefeller Center. And I'm happy. Okay, we'll get a thank you, sir. I'll get them by the way. Yes. It was Mexican. What's the domingo? Plastic or domingo? See you on sabbadou. Absolutely. Okay. Here's the atul free number for SLM, by the way. See you action that we got it. And thanks to whoever called it in. 1-800-438-4356. 1-800-438-4356. For SLM candies. I can't believe that we have people in the audience who never had F1. You had F1, right? Remember when we stayed at the fair of Palo, some of those great Bob Lincoln trip? Octavigas? Right next door to Imperial Palo's a big effelm and then a better than that inside the start-up. Very, very expensive. You know something thank God at that expensive because a lot of people would be a push-and-up daisies because he too much of that little killier but God is a good. They had them there in the gift shop at the Imperial Palo's. They do? The Nazi Palo's yes. Are you going to start that stuff? I hate those teeth. Just because they're why? What do they do? They do the crowd wouldn't let me sit and eat at a little table right outside our party room when no one could find a seat inside the party. Maybe you find out you were f***ing. Yeah. WCOM. Yes, come on. Crossed on life f***ing too much. Yes sir. So I want to wish a happy half-first day. Half-first day? Yeah, you're no November 5th. This is May 5th at 6 months in. Oh no, I don't count by the half year. I don't have to stage my mind. Well I only recently I was looking back for another head. Well okay well thinking ahead my birthday today and I was wondering if I could get a little metal-y? A metal-y? Yeah, you're a little... I mean that? Yes that's right. I'm a little metal-y. Would there without Bobby Hadfield? We'll pack him a sandwich. The righteous brothers. If I ever hear them again it'll be much too soon. Well now you're dating me just as well as you. Well I'm spending my 48th birthday at work. I'm looking for the going getting off work and having a good time. I didn't want to tell you that you've... Well that wasn't you not going to the mall and game right? No I'm really missing. Okay, let's take a look at the song instead. All right well thanks a lot Neil. Okay have a happy is there. Take care. God bless you. He's 48 today. Spring chicken in this town. Got the next half of his lot to look forward to. What's bad eating on here? By the way thanks to our good friend Shapa. Oh, geez. You see that? I just wrap a little piece of meat right out of my mouth right out of my watch. Right out of my watch. Right out of my real nice, psycho-kneedic watch. These are the best by the way. Let's take a look at my own. Psycho-demio and honor of the Mexicans. It's a Mexican watch. Which means you better hang out of a real tight because you won't have it once you leave the border. It's a psycho-titanium. Well these are the best. These are great. Which you don't have to monkey around with a battery. And of course it did. They recharges itself by the motion of the left wrist. So it could get to a lot of use. 560-050-60, 560, 960, 760, and 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's to Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you? Great. Okay, a couple of you fruit to fall. I want a few people I'm sitting here in the parking lot. I can ready to go into the baseball game. I figure it beats work. So wow. Wow. That's correct. Congratulations. Here one good thing. You'll have a lot of elbow room. This is how it is. Like they said, they joined up in four-laternale on the beach. Lots of elbow room at the PPP Park. And they're right in plenty of chances to get down. But if we've damaged Mexicans, how about the phrase, genuine, correnty and leather? Are they card on month-album? Ricardo Monto. Do I just want to think about him about how he's doing another rad campaign for something on ESPN? I remember actually seeing him videos somewhere. I can't remember where maybe he was in school or something long time ago about Mexico and the, you know, the famous Mexicans. And he was, he was one of like the two or three people. How about Fernando Lama? So see you Mexican? I don't know. But would it bet the box or who will you say is our chavez? Yeah. He's at the East. I think. And what about Lorenzo Lama? I mean, if for now, if for now, I'm a Cinderella. Lorenzo Lama is so used to look really pretty name good, by the way. I'll tell him about now or go. And by the way, my favorite candy. What was that thought that he was on? Was that, was that the dynasty, not down to the one with Barbara Stanway? Calcutta, Carl Crest. Falcon Crest would Lorenzo Lama. Right, right. Then I was out of the way. He was in where he was wrestling that big snake. I like that he used to get me excited. But anyway. My favorite candy, though, is, uh, I don't know, different brands, but they chocolate covered pretzels. There's something about that combination of chocolate and sauce. Falcon covered pretzels. Uh, with chocolate and salt. I have one word for that. Fett. OK, have a great day, sir. All right, man. OK, whatever you say. Fernando Lama's Ricardo Montobam. Now we're starting to get to Lester. Wasn't that hard? Was it? There's got to be at least at what? 8 or 9? Famous Mexicans, that's not too bad. Well, we're going to rest a little more probably behind bars. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, he was fine. Four stalked radio is dead. So starting this Monday, 5, 60, WQA and his proud to present the Joe Kirk. Joe. Monday, 0, Friday, 6, 10 AM. Only on 5, 60 WQA now. Humans with normal blood and the Chrysler New Yorker. This luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from a New Yorker. And now Chrysler introduces an onboard micro-processer which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker. Hey, moron, you want to put on your feet? It's seat belt, what you ready? Just steering wheel. I, yes. This is truly a New Yorker. Uh, genius, you let the guy in headlight's on. Jeez, you want dumb ass. Oh, you know that. And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to nons. Hey, bag of praise, what a lot of fucking doors. Oh, maybe we should put a, a, a, a, a window says red mail on. Yes, the Chrysler New Yorker. If you can find a better luxury car. Bye. Uh, buy this. If I can't you luxury, right? 15, 5, 60 WCM. Speaking of great candy by the way, how about farmer's panty? Where is it? Fanny's farmer. Backdome something like that. I haven't had Fanny's farmer in solar farmer's panty and so long. Have you ever had it? Never heard of it. Northeast. Did I think they were originally from Rochester all over the heaven in Boston? Tell over the Northeast. Uh, Fanny's an allocating figure out how you really say it right. Fanny's panty. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I think people are forgetting the most famous Mexican of them all. Yes. Yo, Keto Taco Bell, the little dog. The stupid little dog in the front. Probably they're ready to meet you too, sir, but to God bless you. I think I hung up. But he was going to say that the longnest is from Peru. Well, that's where you find llamas in Peru, right? Next, Anthony. Lorenzo llamas is Peruvian. No, I'm hidden for Peru right away. What time is it next playing the Lima? How's Tony Lima doing, by the way? We're going to golfers with the also way probably. Huh? And Peruvian. He was Peruvian. Who the hell? K, see what I'm saying? I'm glad we got into this conversation today because it proves my point. Who cares? Uh, what anybody all does ethnic crap? Nobody should care. Oh, he wasn't Mexican. He was born in Puerto Rico. Therefore, he was Puerto Rican. Yeah, and. In fact, you know, that's it. That is an excellent question. What would you rather be? Would you rather be Mexican or Puerto Rican? Huh? That's an excellent question. I know that's friends. Some people like George is giving me a look. Like that that likes your choice between death by electricians or by firing squad, you know? Next again, or Puerto Rican, something that really think long and hard about. Here's Miami. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Good evening. Good morning. What ever it is? Number one, a Gringo de Mayo. Perth, they boy today. Another birthday boy, huh? Yeah, can you believe a Gringo on the. I've got the Gringo on the sink out of my house. They decided you're in the way, well, well, also, Navidad, the police, your birthday. Police on your birthday. Uh-huh. The most famous Mexican is the guy who invented the low rider. They can do now they can drive and pick heads and let it at the same time. All right, that's why. Have a happy, sir. God bless you. There you go. Beautiful. I guess you don't want to be Puerto Rican. 560560. 560 on the 18th D. wireless line. So you started that thing with a stereotypes about talking about Miranda and Homestead and mysterious. I saw no the area as well. I mean, what? I grew up down there in the Redlands and leisure city. Yeah, the labor. What would Mexican? They have the Mexican labor camp. Saul. How could you? What? Tell. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, talking to you. Speaking. Hey, Neil. Hey, I got to be Puerto Rican. Yeah. Yeah, really? For one thing in your brain, you got to tell a US that's putting your hand, buddy. Right. Good point. Always work. Uh-huh. Hey, uh, I'm a Mexican. In this Mexican, Talia. Who? Talia. Yeah, it's a singer. Okay, thank you. What do you say? He said, yeah, I don't know who that is. How about Cheyenne? Cheyenne? Cheyenne? What? No idea. He must be Mexican, didn't he? She wants you to start getting in all those, uh, I mean, wanting they do have a common. They're all, um, yeah. But beside that, like, I wear it. Oh, seriously, they're all a bunch of, but you don't want to say the word. The against with an F has two G's in it. But, uh, I'm like, out of keep Martin. Uh, he's Puerto Rican and Luis Miguel, who, like, he's, uh, whatever he is. He's good. And, uh, in Rican, who is, uh, not in Rican, you would say a Spanish, right? I think like, uh, Spaniards? Yes. The, uh, Eglacius Spanish. Yeah. And what about Julio Jr., what does he? Don't stunce it. Ha ha ha ha ha. He's, uh, pretty. Here is a mobile and poor Saint Lucille, hello? Say, Neil. Yes, sir. Be too old, Stamist, Nesquins, of all time. Hey, Pancho. Hey, he's cool. Yaman. Right, the Cisco kid and Pancho. You got him. Okay, thank you, sir. See, if you're old, uh, an old farm like that guy and me, then you remember the Cisco kid. If you're like, you know, some young, whippersnapper, you don't know that good stuff. You don't even remember a hovel on Cassidy and Gabby Hayes. Part of a wonderful American culture with all the guns and all the stuff. It's great time with an old wild bill, Hicoc. What's his name, Guy Madison, played wild bill, Hicoc. Boy, do I have a memory or what for stuff? Not for important stuff. But for trivial crap, I have a men mind like a steel trap. Raw hide, Chuck Conner's, with Chuck Conner's on Raw hide. It was the, um, what was he in another one? Right, woman. Right, or the rifleman, like I said, he was also on the Los Angeles Dodgers for about five minutes. Do you know that? Yeah, he was a ball player for about, well, an inning in the half. He was in Roots. Were Rogers. Tom, Nick's. What? What about him? I'm, I'm, you think at all, the great cowboy. Those are these are great cultural icons. You American, you're the muffin telly. Where we going? Here's the moral give, let's allow. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. He couldn't have a single denial with what was. War is. He's responsible for it. He freed Mexico. War Xavier, War is? Well, they're you got him. Uh-huh. How about Anthony Quinn? Yeah, Anthony Quinn. Uh-huh. Right, and the guy brought up, uh, punch, oh, he was, uh, Leo Corrio. We're excellent, very good. And who was, uh, who was, um, uh, Cisco? Duncan Ronaldo. Duncan, very good. Excellent, sir. God, if we had a million dollars, we'd send it to you. And how about the moral overrun? She was Mexican. Real cute. Uh-huh. And, uh, Diego Rivera and, uh, Neilian was the father of the great revolutionary. Right. So, there's a few out there. Thank God for you, man, for bringing the Mexicans back up by their bootstraps. And if you want to go to make go to a couple of San Lucas and, uh, unbaja, beautiful. Okay. Right on the cold. I'm going to hot couple. I'm going to hang out with Louise. Okay. Okay, see you. Thank you. I'll be with her. There's a guy. There's a good guy. Finally, it took us an hour or 21 minutes. There's a guy that brings a mayor of Mexican culture up to the level out of the prison appropriate ad. Up to your knee. So Lorenzo Llamis is from Peru, huh? I don't know. That's that's the an unusual thing. How much do you hear about, like, Peruvians or I'll give you one even better, periglions? Huh? Now, let's get her talked to anybody from Periglions? No. How about Bolivia? No. How about Simon Bolivar? Why? He's the only one I can do. Yeah. And someone called to say, Jeb's wife is from Mexico. Yeah. That's why his son looks so good. I shouldn't have said that. That's why his son's used to look so good. They're not looking so good anymore. Since you got elected governor, they've been looking real right wing. No, seriously, it's not because they look like him. It's because they look like Yamama. Here's Holly. Did I get that? I don't want him on the year. 560, 550, 550, on the AT&T, World of Slime. Seriously, you know, when they have the next big deal, what if they're running up people and saying the camp, the one that was just on there, I don't want to mention, um, oh, Holly, what he's going to be first in line. Here's a tamarack, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Got a couple of quick points to make. Same this, uh, Mexican, that none of these damn nerds have even mentioned. Yeah. You got your TV scene disc? Yeah. What about Freddie Prince, man? Puerto Rican. Holly's a freaking Puerto Rican. It's the same crap as what's. Okay. I got another point to make. Yeah. Everybody wants to send a bear to their mother, a sentinel box, a chocolate. Let me tell you something. You want to take care of mom, you send a big dot same greasy bag of white tassels. Okay. Thanks, Wayne. That was Wayne Arnold. One. This is New Yorker. No, it was Wayne Arnold doing the bad nearer action. 567. 560, Pont 560 on the 18T wireless line. That's not a bad idea. I'll tell you one thing. Killer lot. Well, now that's our next poll question. Which one could you faster about a pound of F-L-M or about six pack of Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle burgers? And the Navy burgers were bacon and cheese. How about both? How about like, you know, a little box. And I said, boxer two of Newly burgers were bacon and cheese. Followed for dessert. You wash it down. What about a half a pound of F-L-M butter crunch? Go out of those things. Good. Man, I think I think I'm calling them by the right butter crisp. That's what they are. Butter crisps. You'll think you died and what they haven't and they came back for another grow-round. Once you've had a few of those in your post. Here's Miami. Hello. Morning, you're all right. Great. I wanted to let you know. So I lived down Mexico for a couple of years. And you survived it? And I got barely just curly. But the thing is, you know, in Mexico, they don't celebrate a single they may or it's not even well known. It's more of a Chicano or Mexican American holiday. How old are you friends? What have been a good, uh, we just, we need, I've merged a kind of uh, representatives, I guess. Yeah. So I just want to let you know that. How about that, uh, that screener? What's the name from the Euchips show? Erika Sarada. Eradot. That's peddling those phonic vitamins. Very like him. What is he Mexican? He must be Mexican. Well, he's Mexican American. But the Mexican joy don't celebrate the American? Yeah, the Mexican National holidays in September, actually. So, well, this is really, they celebrate this more in Texas in California than they would in Mexico. Yeah. So, uh, the fight we should condose out there. Okay. Over there. I bless you, sir. There you go. Erika Strada, how's she doing? Cutling, uh, some kind of bogus vibe. Yeah, these people were losing weight with his crap. We couldn't believe it. Here, buy some. Come on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my any, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How about feeding those rabbits? Yeah. Okay, thank God. Okay, put where you're head. Here's a, a mobile and tempered pine, hello. Anyhow, where you have a can go? Uh, then you can see it. Yeah, we already had the three of those. Sorry. Two of them is pronouncing him by the way. Oh, jibaloko lay mad, sir. Don't get all bent out of shape about it. All these baseball fans we got down here. You think we really have any baseball fans? No. They had one guy that's going to the Marlon game. Anybody else? No. Don't forget, Brur is in the Marlon set the 1230. Just an hour and four minutes from now. We got the pre game. The game of what a clock today. You talk about a new audience. I'm supposed to pass along that Eric to start his day. New York Reakon. Oh, he's Puerto Rican. Well, that you're hot. By a new York. That explains a lot, Eric. A strata. That dance, that guy. I can't stand. Oh, man. He's a chip off the old, um, something. Probably from the Bronx. 26 after 11 at 560 WQN. There's a K club out there, especially for our sports side radio. 560 WQAM. Starting this Monday. 560 WQAM is proud to present. That's for a review with Game Baptiste and Bud Davies. Sixth of January and Monday through Friday. On 560 WQAM. I'm going to be RACP IOS. If you're back to us, I'm going to take off my news. Drop off my dress. In 19th, when I see you, Dad. Up, in Game Baptiste. That's too big for my mouth. I wanted to learn from every end of the club. You and take it out by lubricated poops too. If we enter RACP, then it'll be through the ball. We are easy to hide over. I want to drink our ball. I want to love the quality of the event. To do the story. And then I'll give it a blow. In the morning, it gets negative. That leaves us and you take up. And so I want to wrap on it around your club thing too. And make your wonderworm explode with glue. That's some impressive, uh, antisons circle side. RACP, the high oven. I want to drink our ball. RACP, the high oven. I'm 135.6. But you can, by the way, I'm really disappointed in this audience. Somebody made a bad bad mistake. And you people didn't call in corrected. Fernando Lomus and therefore his son Lorenzo Lomus. Were they really from Peru? No. What are our chronic factors? Practice is made by Raphia Fernando Lomus. Oh, he's dead. He's been dead a long time. But you left this Lorenzo behind. I figured one thing before we got like older in Harry. Lorenzo Lomus may have been the best looking guy that was ever born. I was, I mean, just, you know, I'll hand him. I'll say that off the sand. One with the watch on it. But anyway, it says, um, for end, Alomus, the star of Spanish speaking films in his native country, which was, okay, let's give them a few guesses. Okay, what country was not Peru? That was wrong. We have no prize for you. We want somebody to come up right with an answer right away. Come on, online for there. 567, 560, pound 560 on the ATT, wireless line. What country was Fernando Lomus and Lorenzo Lomus from? Where were they born? What country in Latin America? Come on. We're waiting. Going once. For they dumb, you know? Was it Bolivia? No. Was it Costa Rica? No. Ecuador? No. Was it Bolivia? No. What? Chile? No. Brazil? No. Venezuela? No. Police. WDQAM. QAM. You can do it. Put that thing to your mouth. Can't do it. Born January 9, 1950. Fernando Lomus was born in. Do you want to talk to him about what about your dead head? We got here. I mean, just astonishing to me. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a famous Mexican for Neil. Yes. Okay. Where are you calling from? Hollywood. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I got the most famous of all. Okay. Zoro. Okay. Thank you. I'm going to ask you. Who played, was it George Hamilton that played Zoro? That damn fact that I kept standing. In the game. Yeah. They're getting the game played. Yeah. I'm not trying to do. The original Zoro was. I thought it was almost terrible. Well, that's the way we've already been hiding. Truck Conners, by the way, while St. Louis died, he was the wife of the wife. I couldn't find God in Chico and a man on them. Very sorry for our Puerto Rican friends. Am I going to have to tell them about Fernando Llamis WQAM? Go, William. God William, thank you, was Zoro. Thank you. Argentina. Excellent. Thank you so much. There's a guy we had a prize. We'd send us kind of the Marlon game. And then they wouldn't let him out. Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1915, Fernando Llamis. Who was a slick as a bowling ball. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, T. Wartel's line. Only took us 10 minutes to get the answer there. A little bit slow. And whoever called and said they were from Peru, shame, are you. See Llamis. That's why they came up with that. Okay. Llamis, Peru. You're following that at all. No. Yeah. Don't go jumping to conclusions like that just because the name sounds the same. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. When is to you? I think I have a. I think I have proof that yesterday is a God. Every morning I wake up and I thank God. I'm not a Mexican. I'm not a Mexican. I'm not a Mexican. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Hello. Is it pronounced Llamis or Yamas? Yamas. Yamas. Yamas. I got three famous Mexican for you. Okay. You got the Taco Bell Chihuahua? Yeah. Already got that. How about you got that? And you got it? Let's go and watch and call them up. Okay. Thank you. Probably more famous than either the other. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. So I want to let the day go by since we only got a few minutes to let ballgame at 1230. Without the most important story of the day, toilet paper or burning issue in schools, new holders costly. You know, how many times have we talked on this show about parents and their bready little obnoxious kids and you wonder why all these horrendous things are going on all over this country? They're kind of parents. We got who don't notice little things like barrels of sought off shotguns, sitting on Eric's dresser, little things like that. All of these things. They're just seem to, you know, all those plastic bombs and a garage, all those little things that just seem to escape the eye of mom and dad or a two busy, moving up to later in the social board or whatever they're doing. The Broward School District Pants Dispend 15,400 dollars on metal toilet paper holders for school bathrooms. And at $11 a piece, to replace the plastic holders that they consider a fire hazard. Money down the toilet, it asks this is in this morning's arrow. School officials say this is no laughing matter. It seems that trouble making students have discovered they can spark an impressive blaze by putting a max to the thick rolls of toilet paper inside the plastic holders. The burning paper and melting plastic sent clouds of toxic smoke, billowing into the school, dripping fire alarms and disrupting classes. A recent toilet paper fire at Hellendeel High School Fourth Administrators to close school for the day. Students will set fire to anything said Roger Chilters, a manager in the district's maintenance department. In 1994, the district replaced wooden toilet seats with fire resistant plastic, following a fire that began a top of toilet at Cooper City High School. There were smoking on the toilet. How do you like that? Chilters said, it's pitiful. That's what it is. Hello. How do I Roger? Right on target is usual. Got to put in metal toilet paper holders because these punks, your kids are in their end school, sitting the goddamn toilet paper on fire and disrupting the whole goddamn everybody's life. Because of your breaded little kids that are running around in the supermarkets in the drug stores, in every goddamn store in the universe, acting like a bunch of breaded little kids and disrupting everybody else's life. So why should we be any different in school? Let me say it again, those two magic words that I find even more appealing than nursing home, two different words today. Forest sterilization baby. Ow! Ancestors making babies. And we can't figure out what those going on. Yeah, I don't want to buy Eric head that saw our shotgun, you know, on his dresser. He probably just fooling around. What about they were brick and all that glass in the garage, you know? 21 before noon at 5.60 WQM if you're stuck. It's always not to relax anymore, no? I don't want to go toozą anymore in our water with this damn plus, ridgen fall What? What's that vehicle? Yeah, something like that. That's what they always say. That's what the family will be like. That's what the family will be like. Uncle Charlie, I'm full Charlie, there you go. It was your regular chip off the old... Locked. So that's our poll question by the way, who looks better? Don Grady or Lorenzo Llamis? What? That's hard. Man, that is really hard. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line? What you're in for all of you who was on I love loosely? Who played the Fred Merch? Ethel Merch was a Vivian Vance in your pants and of course, does he earn as it was a... F-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line? Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. We're Neil. Yes sir. Selena. She can jump. And all of you know. Yeah. Selena. She's a famous... Selena. Selena. Uh-huh. And also... If you ever want to do one of these words, we're a sports show. I go fatten at fatten at fatten at fatten at fatten at. Okay, thank you. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. God, am I getting a headache from Mr. One? I'm so sorry that I brought it up. Porter Weekends in Mexican. Time to have a... Well, it's better than talking about f***ing. It's likely to be yesterday. They're out. They're a passie. Here's Miami, hello. Yes sir. I think they're a passie. I'm not sure. I'm kind of weird. Anyways, you were talking yesterday about like the Cuban banning the cigar that's not a film from the... Yeah, guys. Yeah. Oh, sorry about that. The... Right. And the... The cigar that's not a wall. In a way, they're doing the same thing that they hate the bearded one for, which is, you know, the communist censorship. Yeah. They're trying to bring it over here. Yeah, but they didn't mind what Matista did. She was okay then. Yeah. Well, we're not a doubt this is becoming there, but out of what we're probably not ours anymore. See. You know, it's probably the paper things? Yeah. I don't even know why they bother having those rings, because I mean, you have a mithio here in South Florida, but I'm sure George can vouch for this. I don't know anybody who's brave enough to take a crap in our public school bathroom. Why is that? Why is that? You know, I've seen things in public school bathrooms that I couldn't believe emanated from a human. If you can believe they're worse than our restaurants here. They are. Our restaurants here aren't bad. There's nothing wrong with our tour. They have no ventilation. Yeah. After some people use them. You don't want to go in there. So, others, they smell like a toilet. They pee all over the place. They smell like a sewer. And there's like, you know, splot, wet, like, you know, when kids throw, like, wet toilet paper and it hardens and it looks like plastic. Like you're tired, you know? Yeah. It's all over the place. Mm-hmm. And, you know. Well, what kind of scumbags are we raising in these schools today? What the hell is going on? I don't want to sound like some old, sunny, dirty. But what kind of parents are raising these average children? Oh, Leo. Okay. Thank you. We don't even need to get a license or anything to have a kid. I mean, any idiot can have a kid, right? Right. There you go. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. We're going to move to a colon Germany is where we're going to move. And then you'll march a, you'll go step to a different drummer. I'll tell you that right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5. Seriously. I don't know what kind of people you are. They raise these kids. They let them just run rough shot or everything. You go into the market. You go, I've told these stories. I don't know what gets really pondered. But it gets on everybody's nerves. We're all sick and tired of it. You're ready little snotty kids that are running around, grabbing stuff and toss and stuff and eating food in the goddamn supermarket and poaching around with crap. Good smack on the side of the head. A good whack. That's what they need. Okay. Forget about Dr. Spock. He's dead. Forget about Mr. Spock. Well, we never even got into that today. We'll do that tomorrow. Star Wars and Star Trek rhymes with breakfast. Oh, please. They're really good. Okay. See, the only reason that you're not as embarrassed as because we don't have a word like Trek is yet to describe these Star Wars groupies. Let's make one up. Yeah, let's make one up like how about assholes? How about no lives? With all due apology to George and Joe Costello. And everyone else in the world. See, Joe's got, he's got an excuse. He saves his nuts. So, obviously having some kind of an adverse effect on where his brain used to be. But in your case, what's your own, or your excuse is your wife? Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got a famous Mexican guy in the famous Mexican city. Okay. The famous Mexican city is Detroit. Because it's the birthplace of the Chubby. And the famous Mexican guy. Yeah. You know, remember F. Truth, they won't mark that already guy. Yeah. You're a greasy little guy. I think I got that. I think I got a coupon this thing here. One of these. Go ahead. But I don't know what his name is. And I just know he's like, he's on the love boat a lot too. For a very delicious. You mean, the midget? No, he's not the midget. No, he said that already. Yeah. What about a very delicious, the midget wasn't he, a Mexican. He was always on there with the, for a record a month of life. That was the love boat plane. And he got a plane. Well, since then, he's playing. How you like that, huh? I like it. Okay. Okay. Let's go to a cross-bring. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, how are you? How are you? Great. Okay. I've got a famous Mexican. This is really, mellow. Remember the Quitiquit y'Girl, Charo? Sure. Okay. And then the Hollywood Square is at that. From the real Hollywood Square. Not the piece of crap. I've got a lot of people. I've got a lot of people. I've got a lot of people. I've got a lot of people. I've got a lot of people. I've got a lot of people. I've got a lot of people. Well, a real Hollywood Square. Not the piece of crap they've got on now. Nobody was? The other one was. You wanted a verification on franchise. Yeah. Saien has got a Ό. Can I get from that guy. Horizon though he's about ¹18. Okay? Mr. T harsh. Now some something. You have to start and mition the journey. Right. Okay. Then the guy who spent a lot of time on his knees, the first original marlin catcher, then he took a few hours away. Yeah, go right. Which is blue porcelain that he used to drive around out there in a plantation. Right, then he crashed it. Okay, then today we'll Julia, for a weekend. Julia child? No, Raul. Raul Julia. Raul, would you not be Julia? No, Julio. Raul, Julia. Okay. Then the man who's fit at the empire, oh, that Roberto. Roberto, Roberto, I don't know. Yeah. Well, you know what the empire, you know what the empire is. I always say about Roberto Valamar. That damn sack of, I can't stand him. Then you have, which may be by he's a spin at Adam. Then you have Jennifer Lopez, Puerto Rican. Yeah. He's far, Roberto. The one from the original Batman, Puerto Rican. George is checking and said, no, what was he? He wasn't Puerto Rican, right? He's far, Roberto. Well, since our Romero was, then, are you serious? No way. No way, Jose. No way, Jose. No way, Jose. Very, very kind. Yeah. George was right about chips. cornch was in the American. Yeah. Then the, the, the, the, the Romero was Puerto Rican. He's a Romero, what's the, not the Caesar. Don't say Caesar. Caesar. Caesar. What, whatever his name was, yeah. Caesar. No, Caesar. No, Caesar. No, Caesar. What's the Romero? What, Puerto Rican? Well, like the way I said that. Don't you like the way I'd like to roll my arms there. Beautiful. Now, I think you wanted to get rid of the, the, the thing, the thing in school, the difference between religion and morality, class, isn't school? Yeah. Okay. Why don't they just take away all the different religious things that they teach in school? And have these people that you talked about before, the parents that are forced to go to school, the teach kids, something? Yeah. And then that way, those, the, the majority of the, of the parents that have forced and get out of the jury duty, we have to go take at least a certain amount of time in school to teach the kids what's the difference between right and wrong. Okay. And give them like a, a whip would be good too. Okay. Okay. Thank you. We just crossed this. So we've got to hear you say goodbye. Okay. Five, six, seven, over there. That guy had some heavy duty material. Okay. We've been through this just say, I just loved that name. And he was good. He was a good and bad. Charo was from Espanya. Charo was from Espanya. And now he's from like Barcelona where they speak with a little bit of a, Barcelona. I don't know. Now what about Enrique, that history is he from Barcelona? I love you Enrique, by the way, I haven't forgotten about you. How come Sangrin has that disability? Because he's changing several people called to say about Seth and yes, but he was a, he's actually a relative of Jose Martí. Also he was a, wow. Now why do we build a statue to him? We could all agree on that. Sure. And his Joker outfit is another side. He was right as the Joker. Okay. Now who did you like better? Do you like Burgess Meredith? Say it's not a medal. Who a Frank Gorson? He was good. He's also dead by the. Aren't they all dead? Caesar Romero's dead. Burgess Meredith has dead. Frank Gorson died at a very early age. A premature death. Who else was in there? Who were some of the other? Who was the, who was the, who was the Catwoman, Earth a kid? And Earth a kid. Is she dead? No. Damn it. She wants bits somebody on the living, no more. Remember that Earth a kid wants bits somebody on the lip that crazy bitch. Ever seen, you ever see Earth a kid in Johnny, Mathis together, by the way? I'm positive it's the same person. WQAM. Yeah, fine. To me, are you got him? Yeah. Okay. We got him by the short hairs. Good leader. Okay. Take me to your leader. WQAM. Yeah, we forgetting our biggest Mexican influence for Nandovala and Suela. We already had his effect. I thank you sir. We already had an effect. And it actually, I'm glad that the guy called about that. Because if I wouldn't have, wouldn't have a recall that today. It would have probably slipped away for my memory forever. It's a big question. Not that yet. And she is, somebody said he wasn't. For a Frank Gorson, I would bet you a lot of your money. That Frank Gorson is dead as a door now. Are you sure? Are you positive? Are you sure? Oh, it was with the guy said, well, did I? I think he's right though. I think I saw him on TV. Not someone. Was alive? He's still drunk and stumbled around. Like William Holden? He's dead. Let me say it again. The great actors. I don't want to get into this today. Because it's so we only got 35 minutes. We got that stupid ball game. Just want to show us getting hot, baby. Just when we're getting rolling here. Just when we're really getting into what heavy duty, when the audience finally is catching on through what we're talking about. Now we got to say goodbye in 35 minutes. Because we got a stupid goddamn Marlon game. Dave O'Brien was right. You see what Dave O'Brien said? In the paper this morning that then I always loved Dave O'Brien. He said about the Marlon. Dave Stown. I don't know what Dave tell it like it is. Don't sugarcoat it for anybody. Joe Angel, he's okay. He's still doing his John Miller acting class. But Dave O'Brien is great. We love Dave O'Brien. Right? Do we love him? Or what? Because he said, Dave Stown. Frank Horshon is alive and well living in Connecticut. You call that being alive? Bridgeport? Yeah, Frank with all thank God there's one. Oh, thank God for that. He's good, Frank Horshon. Got that job, that protrus. You know he's got that thing. He's got a thing that protrus. Four minutes before noon is 560 WQM. You don't need to. There are a lot of people. Don't worry. There are a lot of people. There are a lot of people. There are a lot of people. There are a lot of people. In videos, the worse now. From the producer of Star Wars and the director of Star Track, it's Star Track. The Empire strikes back. The Empire shall be over-throwing, of course. It needs sponsor. Sir, we do mind explaining that's paper played. Beat me. The Empire is ready. The bad quiet being possible. As a victim to you, that your Empire is illogical. Wait me, Kirk. I wonder what Star Flake Command will say about that. Star Track, the Empire strikes back. Kirk. I am your father, the Empire's ready. It seems they're bisexual. Well, not just... I wonder what Star Flake Command will say about that. Like William Shatter would say, get a life. 12.025.60 WQM. And 12.020. That means we got 28 minutes left. And we got to get that lot of here. Jesus, Kate Christ. Kind of crap is that. Like I said, we just start building up a little bit of momentum. Here's a fact that his Vincent Price has egghead and Batman is also dead. Obviously buried dead. You remember egghead? I don't. I don't remember Vincent Price even being in the Batman, but nevertheless I'm sure since you and his fans are saying through, it must be true, maybe. And he's dead, Vincent Price. He was great. Like I started saying, all the great actors would him hold him. Humphrey Bullgarth. Terry Grant. Spencer Tracy. Gregory Schmeck. Huh? Marlon still kicking them. But he's not contemporary. He's ancient. I thought you were talking about ancient. I am. But I'm saying. Robert Dubam. I'm talking as compared to it like lately. People who just came along in the last 10, 20 years, forget it. They're except for Mickey work. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Going once. Going twice. They died. They're dying and Hollywood, baby. Just take a look at him. Here's a mobile and hope sound. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing now? Great. I'd like to put a vote in for lying would be the Taco Bell dog. Yeah. That's my favorite. Okay. Thank you. So that's our 400 vote for the Taco Bell dog who obviously transcends all of Mexican by a million miles. And he ain't even Mexican. No one said the Friedo Bandito yet. What about the Mexican hairlaces? Is that a real finger? Somebody just make that up. Chihuahua? Is that is it synonymous? Is it the same thing? I guess. Well, let's get the doggy book out. Should we get the doggy book out? No. No. No. What's not? No. What? You look up to the Mexican hairlaces on the list. Let's go to a tamarack. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning. Good afternoon. Yes. History professor. He's panic and panisandic. See? Are you ready for the list I got here for you? Okay. Okay. I'm ready. Sir Chavez. Henry Barbosa. And we're going to silence the congressman. See? Join by us. Join by us. Join by us. Join. Yeah. From the 60s. Right. The word was meant. That's right. We hang with was Mexican very good. I'm going to Queen. How about we help Mexican? Let's go. Right. We got that. No golfer's please. Nancy Lopez. Like I said. Lower about that. Linda Rochette. Linda Rochette is Mexican. Yes sir. Will you make a conno? Oh my god. No. I love what Rochette. Uh, for the Copenia. Why are you pointing? Martin Sh. Martin Shini is. Yeah. He's father. I think she's not his name. Oh, maybe that's why his kid name is. He's a doctor. He's a real name. What is his name? What is the name? Esteven. Emilio. He's just changed his name to Shane because he sounded better in an Anglo influence. He figured it would work real good in the Shini Alps here. Right. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. Ramon Navarro. That won't last long. Okay. Thanks for the great news. I'll be better at time, Neil. Okay. Well, there's a long list for you. See, we started the show off with great little response because people like to put down other groups of people, you know, my people are better than your people, my religion, all that crap. Look at all these famous Mexicans. Two hours and five minutes later, we got one. Three or four? It's not bad. One or two Puerto Ricans. Now let's start talking about famous Jews. There you go. Mike Spindell. That's not fair. What? Because the Jews run the whole show business in this. Let me ask you this. How many compared a number of people in the world? How many Hispanics are there compared to the number of us that Jews left? And I'm the line of word left. After all, you go and exterminate the most of us. How many are allowed Jews compared to Hispanics? Hispanics are overpopulated in the world because they're a lot to pump to be happy. Justin South America loan, there must be one. Two trillion in the Spixdown Air. Four or five trillion? Cuban's only six percent of them. Did you say, say he won't stop. He will not stop. He's compulsive. I'm trying to cure you of being a professional. And you won't stop. You're a professional Jew. The hell I am? Professional, uh, cool in there. You're FNA, baby. Say, and I love the, I love the, the Everett boy. Yeah, did you ever see any good Cuban, yeah, I would. I almost said I didn't put the N on it though. Did you ever, everything any good Hispanic kishiki? Huh? Never seen any Mexican, but strani? No. Chile in the month of balls? No. Hall of awe? No. There you go. But, alright, now if we want to start out with famous Jews for Kranala, we'll do that tomorrow. It's not fair. You run the entire industry. What would it mean? We run the entire industry. Now you start and sound like, well, one of those damn right wing like Dr. Kennedy up there. And they will re-ge the music industry, all your back street boys and everything. Back street boys, they're Jewish. They got it hired them to go up and together. How do you know that? Louis Pearlman, big pop up they call him. I wonder why they call him that. I wonder if Nick called him that, huh? You think Nick Carter calls him big pop up? How about Mama love pop up? Ha ha ha ha. Even mentioned in back street boys, he's trying to make up for the fact that he said, that's up down here. You're right. Almost. I left the in-year off. And, of course, we left that glory as Stefan. We know she's Puerto Rican. Oh, sorry. I don't want to see she's a pin in the ass. Why can't stand her? And her pin in the ass has been God. What is the big deal with him? They must be. Eight minutes past noon. We got the Marlins and the Milwaukee Brewers. You know, something I'm starting to get a quiver in my back room. Think about it. The fact we got that game on the Saturday room. We just had this great book come out. And here we got this awful ball game come out of. I mean, nobody's even attending in the stands. Do you think anybody's going to be listing this grant? Oh, boy. Fire was Greg Reed. And thank God I'm not. But if I were, I would be hanging my head in shame. At the idea that we're taking off these two-high rated programs. The New Rogers and the Henry Goldberg Show. And putting on a bunch of Marlins will here right in the middle of the daytime. Swaping to stick it on there at night when everybody with a brain is either watching television getting laid or outdoin something. But in the middle of the daytime here, what we have this gigantic signal. And we're living in breeding people. Listening, including all these Julios listening today. And we got a stupid goddamn ball game on. And right even though people from the public playing in it. They don't miss the biggest automotive event of the year. It's Potentkin, Toyo, $99 below in Boy's sale. The O'Rodgers got anyone can release some new movie. But it takes a true Hollywood visionary to really release a movie that's been seen at least 14 times by every man woman in child in the galaxy. Star Wars. In the Bob of the Bob's Star Wars. The same story, the same special effects. Plus a few that worked good enough to make it into the original. Dad, I don't know what that is. Those aliens in the bar on a strange, wrong dad does her muppet. Oh yeah, you're a star Wars. It's back with no new characters or surprises. Oh, I sure have. You can get those tweros in that little hole. Don't worry. Star Wars. Completely re-digitized in a way that makes it utterly indistinguishable from the original. Call for the dog side. Back up yet. Go to the 12th floor. You haven't seen the time. Star Wars. See it. How about this, the life of the universe? Okay, 12 13 is 5. 6 UWQM Martin Shane actor born as Ramon Estovaz in. Are you ready for this? Born in Dayton, Ohio. Oh. Doesn't that make it Mexican? Oh, okay. Say Salro Mero and George gets finally gets one right. Born in New York City, February 15, 1907 of PEN PERRORNEDGE. Pedro Armandadas. Born in Churabusco, Mexico. Here's a loopie, Valez. How about poopie, Kappa? We got loopie, Valez, and poopie, Kappa. If they would get married, it would be poopie and loopie. Here's Burgess Mero did died 1997. God, he was good. Play Jack Lemons, a Randy father and crumpy old men. And it's Superior Sequel, Grumpy old men in 1995. Ah, they're all dying. Good. The great ones are all dead. And what do we got left? Here's a Cape Coral. Hello. I got two for you. The only Mexican never banned from the public television as a free-to-band detail in John Wayne's lovely wife. Did you have a name? I can't remember what I'm saying. Well, somebody will call. Thank you, sir. Somebody will call with John Wayne's lovely wife. Maybe her name was Stay Wayne. As in La Caja Fall, you didn't see that. Here's a plantation, hello. Hey, yes sir. How are you now? Great. We love you, sir. I've got two famous ex-mets in. I believe senior went to his. Yeah, just died, 103 years old. One of your favorites and my personal favorite, Can't keep lost. Oh yeah. Remember that guy? Dental's brother. And I don't know what was his name. Well, say he met that. My name is Amin is Bill Bill. Bill Dana. Right. Was he met? Was Bill Dana Mexican? My name? My name. My name. I'm a fan. And I thought one dead Batman's guy. Yeah. Auto Clemensure. Okay. Mr. Freeze. Auto Clemensure actually played in the movie? Auto. No. Arnold played him at his back here to be put on the TV show. Was auto Clemensure was Mr. Freeze. Okay. Whatever you say and you're fading out. And just in time to 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. See, we get all confused here because there's the Batman. There was the TV show and then the original movies Batman, which had the original cast, which were great. Then of course they prefer to the whole thing. He came along with these later day Batman movies, which just absolutely were grotesque unacceptable and blasphemous if he waxed me. And I don't care who was in him whether it was who is in him. That horrible, awful George Clooney. I have no idea what his name has to have naked pictures. Michael Keaton. Michael Keaton. And then the Val Kilmer went out. He wasn't bad. He was okay. Huh? He was okay. The movie stopped. But he was in the one that had Jim Carrey as the trailer. Right? Yes. And I was pretty good. Batman part 800. But I mean, a whole concept of that. Like I've said before, it's like Sherlock Holmes with people 100 years after a Razzle Bat bowl and that. I mean, it's just not the same. It's like somebody else plays like, What's his name, Peter Kushing, playing a Dracula. Who was yet on a played Dracula? Christopher, whatever the hell is name was, please. Was that who was? Chris Lee, a Christopher Lee man. I mean, that's, there's only one Dracula baby. Bella Logosi, that's the only one. Because he was doing a good stuff. You know, something that lunch is really, Nick and progress. But think we got that Marlon game. Are we going to do the clock or we just, Yeah, I guess. Huh? Yeah, it does really make any difference. I mean, when you come right down to it, I don't care. They can take it whenever they want to boost their. He's out there at the ballpark right now. They want to do the pregame starting now. I don't care. Dave will Brian wants to come on through a half hour and how the Marlon's really is thinking. Nobody ought to go up there. I think that's great. I respect the fact that Dave will Brian just not another suckhold. We got so many suckles in his town. And there's a great piece on Dave in this morning's, I think in the Sun Sentinel by Alan Snell, Knoxnell, saying, Hey, here's a guy that's not going to, you know, be another suckhold for the high-pingo organization. There's enough people working at organization already who are nothing, but professional askers, you know, I'm talking about, Hey, stop, great. We don't need any more of those. We need somebody who's going to say, Hey, listen, this team is thinking to join out there's 6 and 21. They have a one of game since before Fernando Valenz, wait away to 150 pounds, 400 years ago. So forget it. Nice going, Dave. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, is gone after 11 minutes and 54 seconds in our dime. Shame on you. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Enjoy your show. George did a good job while you're gone. How about Selena? Was she Mexican? Yes, somebody already hit on that. She was a peach for her. Right. Okay. Thank you. That's me. Thanks, Mike. And you're welcome. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,<|th|> 5, 60 animal, 1 line. So far, the Taco Bell, Chihuahua, he's number one. And then the Friedal Bandito. In other words, people at our people, creatures, dogs, animals, things that aren't for real. Those are the most popular Mexican to them all. Anything that's not for real in the live and breathing. Like even the Cisco kid. That was a good series, by the way. Just go kidding, but remember that? No, of course not. You're not old enough. You're not old, you're not old, like me. Like I said before, you missed a lot. Of course, I'm going to miss a lot eventually, but nevertheless, what goes around comes around. You missed a lot of all the good stuff. All the great stuff on television was the early days of television. Television now and spite of what Tom Zikomai said. Television that it blows. It sucks. It's garbage. It's swill. It's trash. It's pathetic. What? I mean, it's not even debatable. I'll go along with that. All the great Alcoa theater in studio one and the Steve Allen show. I mean, then the Steve Allen tonight show the first tonight show with what's his name. Who was it? Checked part. No, not checked part. Get out of here. See? What the hell was his name? The first Jackie Jerry. His name was Jerry Sumplin. Atrick. Probably some Jew. Yeah. No, I don't think he was a Jew. Jerry, what the hell was his name? He did the first tonight show. And then Steve Allen was on the night show and it was really great and then checked part with him. I had a gingle and Alexander, whatever his name was, all that. Jerry, right, all Jews. Jerry Lester. That was his name. You're right. That must have been a Jew Jerry Lester. That's when television went Milton, Burrell, Red Skeleton. I love loosely with that. Does he, or is. Here's a mobile and mimey lake. Solo. Mobile and mimey lakes. Another one. Another deadhead. Okay. Here's a coral geable. Solo. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I think he mentioned John Wayne's wife, by the way, was Mexican. Her name was P.R. He was a lion. He sounds like a character from guiding light. Do you think he's a raccoel else? Who's Mexican? Yes. It's a Tijuana San Diego thing. I think your father was in the service from the... Okay. And I'm noticing somebody. And I seem to recall seeing a documentary called Hidden Lettons that woke Disney of all people. He had hiding it. Some sort of Latin... And I don't want to be a little... He had a little Latin in him. Exactly. So, that's a pretty big name. You're right. Good. So, thank you, sir. Thanks. Okay. So in other words, even Disney World. Maybe that's why there's so much perverse in going on there with the Disney people. Maybe just a little Latin in them. Because you know those Latin, those hot-blooded Latin, they can't keep it in their pants. Oh, look at this. 21 past the hour already. I see. I don't know what the clock story is. So we better do the break now. Because I don't want to go like running into the ballgame and then get everybody all like it. Oh, gee, that damn Roger. I think he's so important just because he's got a 12 share of their midday and manner, whatever it is. That he's not going to go over on the ballgame. I'm going to tell you something. I don't want to want to put down the fact we got the Marlon Broer game coming up in just a few minutes. But they're going to old points. You know what I'm thinking? Like, which they do? If they could do the separate daily number for the Sanctinum. I guarantee you, a bug right now in between bites of his four or five sandwiches. I bet you're right as we speak. He's counting the house. And we'll take in about thirty seconds he'll be done. 1221 at five 60 WQM will run and tell it down to your children. finest finest finest finest finest Well, I kid you all like good little sinkers. That little sound becomes right out of you. Think that puppy. Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do? Get paid for writing little songs about who who who who my brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which device throw I'm going to fart on. And Dr. Dreass. You old man, you passed him. Well, no. What do I sell ass? Then you look like. Well, since age 12 it seems like I always smell like a lot of different gases and juice was pretty swear. I got this off when I took my teeth off and bought it so hard to my lower backwards like Chris Crosse. And every night I'm like, oh, you're not that bad. Then put it in my ass. That's an effect that you ask you fat. Well, it's hunting. You'll just wait and hear my throat. I don't give a fuck. God said we'd take the world off. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... I can see to what I'm he kicking out back in Juggie High. The problem was some problem I asked him to do. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper. Walking his thrift club, my testers will fill the room. The ball tanning took a dump in a tip, because... What? Went over to a dad to head a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. I did not send him. I thought I was lied to. I just found out my mom don't get to that. Don't make me cry for a while. To be a famous rapper, they will rent a belt drink. No one is... They don't have a rapper. You know you would dare when the women rush to leave. You'd rather hold this back, but you'd not need to relieve. This guy and white gas and sad. It's pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... That's not so much. It's been a 30-year-old man who just beat any day and week. Well, we could tell. What's more to you? About 560 WQA and about any of you who are all done here, basically. And I didn't have time to get into the most important story of the day. Minister guilty of sexual growth and hurt most payable, 116,000,000,000,000,000. Do you see this? Father Connie, Reverend Connie, so-so. Never trust a guy named Connie, even Connie Mack. Okay. We'll save that for tomorrow. Have you do any stuff? Okay. Let's do Miami real fast. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I've called about as far as... Yeah. I don't want to say that. I thought it was a bit of a start trick because it's more like a regular movie with people and it's just set in space where a start trick is more... Well, it was real people like Obi-Wan Kenobi, people like that. Well, I'm saying it. And Darth Vader. You mean with... Regular kick the rest is good versus evil. We don't say not that start trick with just a search for opinions. Search for a life for a real bill, Shatton. Out on the way, please. For Mr. Spockers, for a year's from Mr. Spockery Place, those bad ones. I mean, if you compare it to, I just feel like Spockers is better. I'll go along with that. Thank you, sir. God bless you. You know, that damn little of what's in there. He's not in the movie? Oh, no. Thank God. Not because... That damn fact. I can't stand him. So that's going to do it. You mean to say we got to get out of here for the ball game. And I'm like, oh, Jesus Christ. So Neil Roger show on 560. WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F