WQAM, B-C-REVAC positions, or the B-C broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 5-6, B-Q-A-M. Oh, Mark. He's that different. Fight me. I want to know if my ties in will fight me. Here. I hope you like me. You may do want me. I'll be there if you invite me. For 30 million, I'll be a sport. I'll then weigh over. You'll be want more. I'll try to sing, can't bite me. Like any Morgan. For the box, sir. 10-0-2-5-60-WQ-M-Happy Thursday, too. What a great day, baby. Oh, good day. Thanks to my good post-personal friend, South Alconi, from the Assoli Water People. What is he really? What's he company? It's not so, he water. They got it. But what's the company? Foods. I got a little like a whole deck of business cards we had. We love South Alconi. He's great. He's the greatest Italian and Italian foods or something like that. Anyway, just brought in not only some more so-lay water, but this must be a soap or soda. The label is not on the finger to the sand and yelling, which is the real of the MS. It's a soap or soda, which is real great like a sausage, salami, and provoloni cheese. And look at the bottle of lime, which I can't drink, you'll take home. Santa Barbara Pino Nguar. Anyway, before we do anything else, let me just tell you. I'm not going to get it. Just like Norma can't set it to me yesterday. You're doing the best you can. Life is too short. You all better shape about the center one thing. Allegedly, they're returning everybody's call. There are people over there. They will take your orders. You know, I'm doing the best I can. Because everybody in the brother wants the best of meal CDs and cassettes, which are all aspects. And they also want the, of course, everybody in the world wants the great key chains. Which everybody ought to have one and all their kids ought to have two or three in case they lose one. Student call center one, nine, five, four, five, six, three, 3600. And if Carol, by the way, doesn't return your call and take your order. I guess you have my permission to go over there and just slap around a little bit. Okay. Because, you know, and well, like I said, we'll do the best that we can this year. And then we'll have plenty of time next year to figure out where we're going to go for the money. What? Why are you eating that so gingerly? I guess you've never had soap or soda before. Is this wrong? Is there no? That's what it tastes like. Okay. And I see, I knew that. If you ever had soap or soda before, what does that? You think, wow, this is like a little strange. Huh? Hmm. I love to see you never been Italy. They got all kinds of real, so seek. They got the real good stuff. And not just don't give me like trick and doses or something. Yeah, but you'll have a good time doing it. It's great. And we also got some of these great candies. Oh, boy, this is great. Peter Leonard came by this morning with our Delights people. Where is that spot by the way, Peter? Which I don't see on a log yet. These truffles sweet. And it says, see, I should have read this before. Sweetened with Malta tall. Yeah, Malta tall. Do you follow what I'm saying? Yeah, Malta tall. So anytime it's done, it likes silver tall and all well on the end. I mean, it's delicious, but it's not bad for you, but you too many of them. Believe me. So if you're listening and sunrise, you're a little bit plugged up. Go out and get some. Here's for a lot of deal, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? I report more profanity across the airways of stupid talk. Really? Yes. Yeah. I was our buddy Phil Schill last night about really almost an hour into it. I'm sure positive film. And a guy started talking about the narrow and talking and talking and the guy says, it's bullshit. Oh, it was part of me from my language. Yeah. And of course, it went over last night. Well, today it's on tape and it's still, they let it go. Yeah. So it happened twice. Huh? Maybe that must be their new attempt to get naughty and silver. There's a lot of crap on here. Or far or more people. What are we going to take this fall for this? Especially on a tape. Some poor, if I don't know our board-up, that's working to work. If you're all beat, beep-boes, you're all telling that. Well, thanks for the good news. A little spy report there. You're saying crap. I'm super talk. In fact, that should be their middle name crap. Is that their middle name? That's what I heard. That's what Ronitull, me crap is our middle name. Just turn it on and listen. You'll find out. Here's a letter to the editor in a son sent a link. By the way, if it sounds like I'm in a really good mood, I end because I'm going on vacation after days. George will be here tomorrow and all next week talking about how religion is a bunch of crap and swing and it's worth that. Henry Lee company is the South South County. Like I said, Henry Lee company, South California are good pies on. The best good stuff. So they water, which I drink by the gallon. Oh, no more asked retain, by the way. Ever. I ran over to public last night and got a whole bunch of bottle water because I was out of solely at the house. But I mean, I stocked up like crazy. I'm never. It's semethanol. It turns to wood alcohol in your body. It'll kill you. Ask for thing. And it's not just see if I would have just read it over the internet because you read all of the crap on the internet. You say, ah, bunch of crap. But now I'm reading in these books, which everyone in two great books today, which I'm not going to talk about because you won't read them anyway. Oh, about trans fatty acid. This is the new thing. They're finally getting their finally starting to scratch the surface. All these experts, all these goddamn government people, all these nutritionists. Who've been screaming for years about cholesterol and this and that, it will make you sick and have hard disease. Another finally discovering just like Dr. Kilmer McColley says in that great book, the heart revolution. It's the trans fatty acid. The trans fats, those are the one that will kill you. And with that oxy cholesterol. Quid eat no strength rise, by the way. Quid eaten fried foods. If you don't want to die, we all soon. Quid eaten fried foods. And I will say this that they got a lot of french fried places in Amsterdam. They're very fond of that because the food over there sucks anyway. I'm not just talking at Burger King McDonald's, which they have a lot of those, but also they have French fries. That's all they sell. Basically, it's French fries and the soft drinks. Right there on the damwack, for example, on the mean tourist street there on the strip. And of course, they also eat that, you know what they eat their french fries with, George? That made it. Oh, Jesus, you must have seen that movie again. Huh? That must be top friction. So it won't ask me why. I mean, just because it's over there, doesn't mean that they do healthy stuff. They let McDonald's in, didn't they? Uh huh. So what does that tell you? So stop eating those fried foods. It's trans fatty acid and oxy cholesterol. That's going to kill you. You got to write here in my books right now. Sunny Vail, Colorado. Neil. Yes sir. As per team. Yeah, feeler. Weller. I'm never going to touch it again. I'll never have another diet soda as long as I live. I used to drink for a day for two years. Four gallons, yeah. And they're, you know, they're days when I drink like two of those two leader bottles in one day. And my, The miracle I'm still alive. My muscles with eight. Right. I went to the doctor. They said, oh, he leaks right now. The doctor, the doctor said, whatever. And so I read on the internet last year that this ass pertain acts like MS symptoms. Right. Stopped it. And I'm 100% better now. Right. All right. So you can't care, buddy. Have a nice big thanks a lot, pal. Keep doing it. There you go. All the way from the Sunny Vail is guy calls in and tell you people Stop what the diet soda is. Now I know I've talked about that before. And then people said, wow, it's just another one of those funny things on the internet. And you don't, I don't trust anything on the internet. By the way, I took that computer back. Oh, got a full credit for my close personal friends and best buy effect. I didn't, I even had a, I had my friend think it over there. I didn't go back. Full refund. No questions. I didn't even look at the box. That's how great the yard best buy. Thanks, guys. Yeah, why should I head that? I got my old one back. Old one. How long have I had that? Like a year or less? That comes out for cereal. It's a great computer. I've had no troubles with that. See, the bigger it is, the more expensive and more complicated days, the more likely that you're going to have a pile of trouble with it. Okay. So don't do that. I know we're not going to talk about that stuff again today. But I'm just telling you right now, there's the update to report. I need this computer problems. Great letter to the editor in a some sentence. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. I'm going to tell you what the update is. That's right. There's only one buckwheat and that means only one buckwheat pillow. Give it a try. No, it's delicious. That's because every buckwheat pillow is filled with a little rascals leaf flavored breakfast food. I hate much. He said he hates much. It may not be good for eating, but it's sure it's good for sleeping. You're original buckwheat pillow. Four to one today. It's so easy. Just call. Hey, hey, get the buckwheat pillow. And you'll sleep. Oh, hey. Yeah. 1015 at 560 WQM here in the, I'm by the way, thanks also for the big hunk of provoloni. That's what he said. It was, but it doesn't taste like provolensia delicious. Wow. I just got out of shell, baby. Ray Salmon from sunrise right to knee Sun Sentinel this morning. I better take this call. Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to hear our my asshole by Dennis Leary. Okay. Thank you very much. You got it, pal. I'm having a happy good vacation. Thank you. Along the one it's gone. Yeah, it's all request Thursday. And this guy's taken advantage of it right off the bat. Yeah, because I'm in a great mood. It's always, you know, because it's for like several days now. My mind has been away. And obviously the audience has been too. We know where they are, but they'll be back. Seriously, they're like, they have nothing to say like the, I'm just thinking about the, I mean, why, why are all these crazy news be, I mean, you people bringing the relatives of this. So what's this guy's name again? I'll shake your Batutty booty. Shake your booty. Yeah. Yeah, that's the name. He's a Egyptian, an Arab chic, chic your booty. And he's the one that found the plane. And he said, ah, okay. I've made my decision. And now I put it in the hands of God. And we're going down. Yeah. But they were talking like buddies. We're saying, you know what I said, just Monday, you don't say what we Sponored that. They won't respond to that because I'm showing them that right here, right in front of you, you can go if you still got it in the trash in your bird cage, get Monday's newspaper to front page up. There it is. These two guys, the pilot, the copilot, they talked like buddies. First of all, this copilot wasn't even supposed to be on duty at this point. Did you see that? The shake your booty wasn't supposed to be on duty. That's right. And he goes up there. Ah, yeah, I want my time now. I want to, okay, and the other guy goes out to take a frapper, whatever. And I was right about that. The pilot went out to, they said, use the lavatory. They didn't say on the news to take a crash or a leak or whatever. You know, I guess they didn't take a leak at it. Look at it. I guess they wouldn't find the traces anymore. Unless it was really heavy duty. But anyway, yeah. And so the paper Monday, all the wire services, all the newspapers, all across America, these two, they were working together like buddies trying to solve a problem. What does that come from? Where did that come from? Controls forced an opposite direction. One of them is pushing. You got to what is pulling. That's what is Yankeens. And they're going down. Shake your booty. So now the news media and they're infinite wisdom. What do they do? They bring all this guy, shake your booty is relative to say, you know, well, don't you think he did it? Well, no, oh, you're in a frient gum ball this morning. He's screaming at this guy's cousin. Screaming at him. Do you trust the Americans? I would do try. You know, it's like he's a Mr. Hotschon. You know, in my impression. No, he's an asshole, frient gum ball. And his brother sucks too. We couldn't call again. If you stuck a gun in his head. But I mean, this is what you get. And the one of the people are walking around going. Yeah. The screamery to guy damn gum ball. They don't know what's going on. I'm telling you. And they're believing. See, I don't want to start for the third day in a row, but I maybe I will. Because your agenda is going to like attack viciously, viciously, all this religious crap. Well, that's just his nature. He's a vicious little spick. And he just wants to try to brainwash the public out there. He isn't willing to live and let you have all your fantasies about this spirit. And all that crap. Like you. Yeah, right. Like me. I believe in the spirit. I love that song. I'm going to play it. I'm going to play that again today, too. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach before I get to this great letter. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You might have chance to catch celebrity jeopardy. No, I did not. Well, for the first time in the history. What they run in 500 times for your commission. For the first time in the history of celebrity of jeopardy, you know, whether celebrities or regular people. Right. I have no jeopardy. All three people got the answer wrong and all three of them lost and did not get any money. First I would never have the question, what? I rather not get the first and unsolvity death match. Well, the answer was. What is the first day of the new millennium? No, no, that's not it. That's got to be in a form of a question. What? The answer is. The answer is? Is that your final answer? This is the first day of the new millennium. Each of them. Each of them. was John's story described in the daily show. The other two I forgot who to help they work. Right. All three of them said January 1st 2000. I've been part of that audience. It was called me that they give me a big song to dance. But I've done these. All three of them bet everything they had in the all three of them. Great. Isn't that pathetic? There you go. That's your American way man. Dumb and dumb and dumb are. Put them on to Liberty Deathmatch. Come on. That's what I thought of it that day. Thanks for the good news. There you go. See, are we going to argue about that again? That'll kill some good time. Do that while I'm on vacation. Have another show about this. This is really the new millennium. Let's see. One in one is two and yeah. God. You can't complain about the education in America because there isn't any. We're not going into the next millennium. The next millennium begins a little over a year from now. You're in 43 days. There's something like that. Right. Let's see. 12 and there's a year in 43 days. Now now you're at your wrong. Okay. I'm wrong. Okay. I mean, the, uh, backseat boys, they got an album called the name. So it must be the new millennium. I mean, they know they're crap. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. That was a while. I'm trying to get these in one at a time because that's where they're going to ring today. OJ doesn't deserve celebrity treatment rights race someone from sunrise in the Sun Sentinel this morning. It must be a sign of the times he says. OJ Simpson's public appearances seem to be welcomed and curled and appreciated by many in our area. The media shows in the golf clubs, reports, restaurants and clubs truly a man about our town. What is repulsive to some people's reaction around here is his presence. No, I'll just say it again. What is repulsive to some people's, let me try one more time. What is repulsive is bad syntax is some people's reaction around here to his presence. Now we're talking, Ray. And a celebrity charity golf turning in plantation. OJ attracted quite a few fans and autographs secrets and was compensated for his appearance by not overly bright sports radio WQAM. Their own Neo Rogers got it right calling OJ's popularity a disease. Now even the cool look of like Christie Brody's bizarre 911 domestic dispute with OJ resulted in nothing more than a photo op and autograph session with OJ by two cops. Oh, most of us surely have the sense in these and even know where OJ and his marriage ago look for Nicole Simpson's killer, right? Right, Ray Salman and sunrise. Let's hear it for Ray. Oh, the salmon. Salman. Salman, Rooster, whatever his name is. Yeah, that's weird. That's going Ray. And how's that shaky booty guy doing by the way? Won't see him no more, will you? No, always relative's underby newscast. How embarrassing. They had his son on. They had his brother or cut and like the got the miss. Oh, all his relatives on saying, hey, never stole a freight train and the last thing that one of our Muslim guys would do would be praying to God before committed suicide because suicide is not in our culture. It's frowned upon. Yeah, like those human bonds. No, but that that's that's for all of us. See, this was uh, who Muslims worship. Yeah. That's his one. I understand that, but that was in the cause that was for the cause. What was this for the cause of all he killed a bunch of people? Yeah, there's a few, you know, going on there. Few Americans, right? Yeah, where he was a couple of his relatives on there. There were a bunch of them. Yeah, maybe he's gone there. Said they won't open human bomb and a restaurant or blowing up a bus. Yeah, they won't. I don't know. I was what he was obviously crazy that a bed bug and he goes up there before which is time to be in the goddamn cockpit. And, uh, guess what? But a thing. Then we're just talking like two buddies by the way. See again for the eight million times. He'll come up with a question for which not of you have got a response to an answer because it's there's no answer for it. They're interpreting the same. I mean, I'm sure they got pretty good Egyptian translators with all the resources they got. I'm about the tax money they're spending. Which they got was right fully upset about the other thing. I, you know, I should apologize to him, but I won't cause he was an asshole. But nevertheless, he was a jackass. But I mean, they got the translators and the interpreters and now all of a sudden on Monday they're saying one thing and they're acting like buddies. And I'll we find out that he put in there would dive the cat to pilot. He goes wife's ass comes back in there. He feels the plane is what's going on he says. And then he starts pulling and pull with me pull with me and then I'm I'm pushing your pulling. And the evidence is right there on the I'm no technical genius when it comes to aircraft. But it says late in the dive someone told a device called a speed break panels on top of the wing that helped the plane to center rapidly while still controlling the speed. It confusing move that someone probably would make only if attempting to continue to dive. That's right. The elevators devices that control the planes altitude were being forced in the opposite direction. The one on the side of the pilot was going up to try to bring the plane back up again and the one on the other side where Jackie booty was sitting that was going down. I mean, and try to get as the road continue going down. But then we're just talking like buddies. Like two buddies. I have it a good time. I have a couple of beers through last. Here's Boca. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing great? You know, I just want to let you know. I started a job about six months ago. We're at the drive all day. Yes sir. And I caught you on the radio and I've been listening to you ever since. God bless you sir. Thank you. And I'm starting a new job on Monday and I will not be driving. I will not be listening. Oh, God. I'm going to miss you. I don't know how many people you lose anymore audience. Bell, we're down to like two or three now. I'm very sorry. God dammit. You have a great vacation. Thanks a lot. You'd like to. Thank you. The nice known you. Thank you. Okay. There you go. Kiss off another list. I think in the five more listeners, right? A business. Oh, yeah. We're done. They got those two two labs used on there and those fill a Henry tapes and they got what's in Dr. Laura. Oh, sure. So I think we're done. But you know something. I don't care. I don't care. I take them on you. Thank you. That's right. I keep plugging away. See, at this stage of the game, I look at it this way. Do I have anything left to prove here? No. I don't think so. After 600 years. I have a and who cares about, you know, 10, 8, a, 10, 2, a, 5. What difference does it make? Does it make any difference? No. How many of them are done with? So what's, you know, who cares? We're just like normal said. Just do the best you can. That's all you can do. Just do the best you can. We know how fickle these people are. Just like those sports fans. I heard them screaming about that this morning. And by the way, why do you people on the morning show? Why do you pick on a dottering old man like jigs like that? I am the first one to tell you his work that he's doing these pants against is disappointing at best. It's pretty embarrassing. But still a million times better than the six years of Christina more before him. And the amazing thing to me is that these guys there in the morning, these ponies were just suck it up to guilty by playing those tapes and ripping a hell out of jigs McDonald. These guys are just suck it around. They never once, never once criticized Christina moron. Even when he came in there and took over the goddamn BM show in the morning last year, did they ever have the balls once to knock him? No, he must have naked pictures of the foe with a horse at the, at Gulf Stream. I'm serious. And they're ripping this parole. Who at least like I told you is a great guy. Everybody loves jigs McDonald. So he's a hundred years old. Maybe you don't see what's going on so fast. Okay? But at least he's talking. At least he's saying something that has to do with the game as opposed to Christina who is sitting there in a coma. And you can hear the sounds, the the skates and the puck and the boards and the crowds. And he's like sitting there. Twittling his thumbs. Did these guys ever once have the host but a criticize hand? No, no. And now it's an all out of tact because they want killing to have the, I wanted to have the job to, but guess what guys he ain't getting the job this season. Jigs has got it. So what's the purpose of ripping a defenseless old man like that? What I do something like that? Well, not with him though. He's a good guy. He's a sweetheart. Everybody loves jigs McDonald. A lot of the nicest people you ever meet in your life. You know a lot of people like that nice people are just inept in what they do. We have so many of them around here. We do. 26 after 10 at 5. Six. What? It's true. Anybody coming to mind? Oh, we don't have time. We only got three and a half hours left. No more diet soda kids. 26 after 10 at 5. 60 W 2 up. Q A and drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning at six with Joe Castello right here on Sports Radio 5. 60. Q way. Folks, I'd like to hear a song about the American history. About me, about you. About the way our American heart speed way down in the bottom of our chest. About that special feeling we get in the apocalypse box. In the below the top. Maybe in the sub-pack area. Maybe in the letter. Maybe really hippies. Maybe even in the toilet. We don't know. I'm just doing a good job with the regular job of your average wife, a superb and nice smile. I like the ball. For knowing what's about you. I got an average house. Where did I start with four? My wife and my child. My kids and my child. I'm not feeling my stable. And I can't do the girl. But sometimes I'm just came in the to keep a man like me. I know. I know. I've gotta go out and have fun. It's so what else is it? Well, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I drive really. Oh. And the overpass plane. Well, people. The same thing. Oh, right. I'm like a toilet. And I just, um, a sports board. I want to run into summer time. So I'm saying I'm about to see. I'm about to go to the airport. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, right. Businessman Food of Vegas for the weekend to gamble. He lost his shirt off his back and had nothing but a quarter and the second half of his round trip ticket. If he could just get out to the airport, he could get himself home. So he went out to the front of the casino where there was a cab waiting. He got an explain this situation to the cab. He promised him to send a driver money from home. He offered him his credit card numbers as drivers license number as address, but to no avail. The cab he said, if you don't have $15 get the hell out of my cab. So the businessman was forced to hitchhike to the airport was barely in time to catch his flight. A year later the businessman having a work long and hard to begin his financial success returned to Vegas and this time he won big. Feeling pretty good about himself. He went out to the front of the casino to get a cab ride back to the airport. Well, who should he see out there at the end of a long line of cabs? But his old buddy would refuse to give him a ride when he was done on his luck. The businessman thought for a moment about how it could make the guy pay for his lack of security and hit on a plan. The businessman got in the first cab in line and said, how much were a ride to the airport? 15 bucks came the reply and how much for you to give me some oral sex on the way? What get the hell out of my cab? The businessman got into the back of each cab in a long line as the same questions were the same result. When he got to his old friend at the back of the line he got in asked, how much were a ride to the airport? The cab he replied, 15 bucks. The businessman said, okay, and off they went. Then as they grow slowly past a long line of cabs, the businessman gave a big smile and thumbs up sign to each driver. There you go, not bad. Steve from Amsterdam. Thank you, Steve, baby. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. We're talking about how come nobody shops at Dillard? Seriously, you know, you football guys like Peter Warwick. If you're going to go ripping off the department stores, you know, I can't count somebody else. Dillard can't afford to have them guys. Shoplifting, or you know, stealing merchandise for a couple of cents in your store. I would like Dillard. I mean, you know, I always like a store that nobody else likes. That's me. I'm always the odd man out. I go in here a couple of nights ago to pick up a couple things from my vacation, and this is just a matter of weeks before Christmas. This is getting close to the business, shopping time of the year. Is there anybody in there? Or more salespeople in the network customers guaranteed, which is nice. Check out what you want. You go in the, the guy is delighted. I don't know if they work on commission or what, but he's ecstatic to see you and to ring up your stuff and give you a big smile and thank you. And that's it. And you walk out. I think that great stuff in there. So maybe it's a little expensive. You want to cheat skate? Is that the problem? I like Dillard's. They're just saying nobody's shopping there. That's a problem. Here's four miles, hello. Any old lady, buddy? Great. I'm sorry, I'm poor from a four to a mile. Specs, or they're so pretty good with your CDs, no? Yeah. But they say that, um, I wish you could feel a key change there too, because a lot of people can ask them about them. You know, we got to do something about that. They don't want to sell a key change. It's expensive because they're small. I don't know if you can buy a counter. They would just put them behind the counter. I was saying the George Jesse yesterday, if they would put in each store, you know how they have like when you go to a hotel and find the register. They have a ballpoint pen, and it's got a chain tied to the counter. Yeah. They would just take one of these and tie to the counter with a chance. Well, people can seal it and see it and seal it and deal with it and see what it's all about. And then have all the other ones behind a counter. There where we could sell 50 billion of these in. I agree. I mean, I have two guys that work at the post office with and they want to get one, but the problems they don't have a computer together. Right. They don't know what to do. Real quick, too. It's finally got their dead ass and something nice stuff after a month and a half. Yeah, they better get one that right away. They're not buying your stories by the way, Carol. She's a certainly one, Carol. My gosh. She needs to like, I was like, the anti-christ and mom. And I guess she must be quite she's doing you a favor. You're donating to the, Oh, no. We definitely need your money and she's gotten attitude. Oh, my God. Thank you. She's a crosser. Or whatever you like to. Oh, prison, prison of well, prison bitch, whatever it's for. Okay. Thank you, sir. You got it. Good vacation. Thanks. Look at these phones. Baby, are they smoking? No. Not a pretty quiet. That's okay. Like I said, I couldn't give a ranch as well. So we got some nice food here. Thanks to my good buddy, South Alcon. You see, when the post comes to the show, you see who your real friends are. You know, Joe was sold a South Alconi. This guy over there in four mires. Anybody else we can think of? No, but let's start. That's a good start. So we just better not have like, you know, just a small handful. Which I can, uh, I can live up to that. Seriously, then I have a whole bunch of fair weather friends, which is generally when South Florida, which you always have. You know, a couple of maybe really good friends. And that a bunch of fair weather friends. For your friend to, you know, something better comes along. You know, different novelty. Whatever it might be. You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? I'm sure. But they'll be back. No consequence. The market's up 121 points. By the way, but this is good. Just keep going up. And by the way, I noticed that there doesn't seem to be any Y2K friends. Yeah. It's the, uh, eight. Not that I'm complaining. Eighteen to November and all these predictors of doom and gloom were they right? No. I don't think so. I think people want a hop on jump on on hop aboard like my favorite Chris more used to say. Remember, Chris more that they never criticized in a morning show because they had all of them had their head up his ass. But now along comes his daughter in old men. I, I, I take, I take great exception to this. Cravings. That's not it. You know, I'm, I'm the first one to knock anybody. Okay. And I do it in fun. Usually. Except for scram. But usually in fun. Good spirit. But in his case, does he deserve it? Oh, no, he's a good guy. And every single day they're taking action. I think we're going to start taking action from their guy. They're going to show it could be any day and play embarrassing stuff on a year. That sounds like a plan when I come back. Huh? Twenty, four, eleven and five, sixty, WQM. There was in no farmer who's his only run. If that in the middle just hit me, said that some boys who were down by the prick, they're beating the water. They're hit on their marbles and sleeping. Then and have passed forth. Their team are young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulls up her dress and she showed them her run bulls and leaps. And white club beat dark. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were show up on the ring. Reptius and later, from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye at the fellow. Down by the duck. He looked like a man with a size of a whole home in the country. When a big fence out front, if he had her own like, they she showed him her little pet dog who was subject to pit. And maybe she left him grab hold of her small dinner and with the movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked down his candy. So tasty made a butter scotch. And then he spread with cream all over her cookies. He had that dollar on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go to yourself. Four things to 11F for a good buddy. Mike Donna can't go to one of the year. That's why I did hear about that horrible story down in Texas with those four students who were killed. They were building that billy girl long thing for their bonfire. And the horrible stories, what it is Mike, but that's what can you say. How's that? What was that? What are you getting inside, Conrad? Someone on the inside they call. And they say George. And then if I don't get it, that's second. And they hang up. Hello. Hello. Hey, Derek. Do you want to be a little like a typical people who are going to have a vacation? Okay, again, I'm sitting here today. I wonder why like not more lines are lighten up. And of course we know at least that. And I wonder about seven is that working today? Well yeah, that's working. Okay, that's good. Seven. Four. Have a little bit of a problem. The woman's in. Come on. Yeah. Any other best part of it is there's somebody on the other end of that. Can you hear it? That's why you heard the hang up. There's actually somebody other than trying to speak to us. Trying to speak to us, but can we get our full system to work here? No, I saw George Corso stick his head into there for about 20 seconds. That's the first we seen him at about a month. Can we get this full system straight? No, I don't think he's going to be right there. Oh, okay. I'm just checking. I thought I'd care. Not going to bother me because quite frankly, I like the sound of it. Oh. What's just happening here? What just happened to line forward? Did they clear it? Not even working on it. Maybe they're working on it or maybe it was that screwed up in the back there again, which is what would happen while you run vacation. Maybe somebody went back there and screwed it up because somebody keeps potsking around with a phone from the morning show from that of the studio. How do you like that? There it is. 560, 050, 050, 060 on the AT&T line. No more diets, so to accept, by the way. One good piece of work here for our good buddies at Delights. What time did you see to put that in, by the way? 1161. Oh. Which their playing games with their sponsors again downstairs, meaningful and anybody, but anyway, our good buddy Allen over there, Delights. This is a slim zone, so to the tab, which is delicious, by the way. It doesn't have any expert payments, so it has no calories, no carbs, no fat, no nothing. And it also has no expert payments. It's got sucralose, which doesn't make you crap, and it doesn't make you sick, and it's not as pertain, it doesn't turn into what I'll call in your system, in the methanol. So for those of you who are given a pass per team like I am, because it's going to kill your sooner or later, and give you like KMS symptoms and make your muscle thick and make you feel crappy all the time. Maybe that's the problem. And maybe that's another reason that those of us fat people are having such a hell of a time losing a weight, even Dr. Ackon, remember that? I had that diet soda, they're going to kill you. And by the way, I have something really nice I want to do for Ma. Well, seriously, because Allen sent over all these chocolates, these truffles, very low in carbs, perfect to the Eckons, and my mother just loves chocolate. She's addicted to it. If I left like several boxes of this, and would keep her busy, while I was on vacation. Huh? Yeah, she'd be busy. The dogs would be less stressed out, because she'd have less time to bitch him out while I'm gone. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, have three or four boxes of these, Ma. Keep your regular. How's that line doing by the way? Oh, God. If we actually get a call in there today, I might squeeze myself a little bit. Here's Hialia, hello. You know how to go in? Pretty good, sir. I was there. When I was flying screw up. Yes. I could hear that. I was there. First one in line on Saturday. I was with my kid. Yes, sir. And I was just feeling terrible. I've made it a cut off a bed just to say hi. Well, thanks. I got my money. Great. I dig right. I love it. Everybody in a wheelchair, that one. Everybody in a wheelchair in a phone that works stupid. We don't. True. I knew. I saw you had some photos. I was going to get one from you. Yeah. I said I was so full of drugs and things. Because I was sick. Yeah, all. Really? What the body's just full of drugs? All right. Yeah. I was going to get a bomb. Well, listen to that. I love the way that sounds. Yeah. Go ahead, sir. Oh, yeah. He's. Okay. Let's have the battle of the sound. Go ahead. I was going to get one of those photos from you. But I like I said. I was all drugged out. Yeah. I was only going to fight to get one from you. How are we going to do that? I don't know. Maybe I could get my address to George. Can you mail it to me? George says, okay, George is another one. I really good. Moody said, okay. All right. And one more thing. I was going to ask you. What the gaussom is? That's an Egyptian word for a suicidal copilot. He's a familiar compond. Shake your booty. What is it? Gaussomish Poha means the whole family. The whole family. Yeah. Okay. Okay, pal. I'm learning my data. Keep some units to those kids. Okay. I'll come in handy later. All right. Take over the world. Okay. Have a great day, pal. All right. Good luck. And we'll send you something in the mail. How do you like to sound to that line? You like it? No. Hey, I hate to break the news. You have bluffed out your phones. They're all screwed up again. Mr. Hotchat. All right. You're going to have to call online for. Are you speaking to somebody on there? He's like a living and breathing person. You're going to look too happy about it though. Well, I didn't say necessarily a real call or like a good call. I would just say like a person on it. And I George is right in crap though. Oh, that is that who I just spoke to? Who is it? He's right and he's right over here. What was that? Something in the ass. Oh, I hear it. I'm a, come on. What is that? A Brower? What is that line? If I can just get it to ring, I'll pick it up cold and see if I can put it on the ear. Although another line I just spoke to him on side of all screwed up too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and palm beach, yellow. Morning, sir. How are you? Pretty good. I just wanted to get the voice my opinion. I believe it's clearly the media's responsibility to bring out to McDonald's in Fnith. I'm subject to listening to this guy's book quality based on stories of the little friendship with him from a, how come it wasn't that near the same guy that called him this morning? How come it wasn't the, where the responsibility bring out Chris Moore's in Fnith for six years? I don't think Chris Moore's in Fnith's right. Sure. Sure. You're dreaming on his worst day. Jigs McDonald is 100 times better than Chris Moore will ever be. Chris Moore didn't describe the game. How can you, how can you convey the act of a hockey game when you're not even talking about the game? We're a last night on, sir. I heard it. I heard your call this morning. There's the guy right there. Trace the call. There's the Jigs McDonald assassin right there. There's the same asshole that call. I heard him this morning on the worst day. And between CDs and my player. I heard this guy. You're nothing but a guy named Hardass. You're jealous. Okay. Because Jigs has got a single military. You're jealous of those two big fat guys. That's what it must be. Like I said, and then your, your response on Chris Dean, a more your dancing around the ages. He is the worst excuse for a hockey broadcast. I really mean you're not talking to be phone now. Who keeps talking about winnowly at sea. When it was great, but that was 100 years ago. Just like Eddie Jackman and gumpores. That's that's B.P. Hockey knowledge. So it's easy to call up those guys. And then Jeldi sits in the background and dumbies up who's the only one knows about hockey. And then morning show, he dumbies up because otherwise it's embarrassing him. While he's other buddy stuck up to him. Try to tell, oh, D. Goldie should add the job because Jigs sucks. And you're, and you're important. And there he happens to be a good guy, okay? And so yeah, he's not doing a very good job. But what the hell difference is it makes the games wrong on TV? Anyway, go buy a TV set. Go watch my good post friend Jeff Remer, okay? He's doing all right. And then there's that frog to these pothent. He can't help himself. He's a moron. That was wrong with you, man. Ticking on a dodging old man like that who like I said happens to be a great guy. As opposed to Chris Moore and I'll say for the eight minute time, who was in an horrible guy. I'm an asshole. Despite, by almost everybody except the morning guys, whether at least you'll have their head up there his ass and his guy on a phone. This guy must be that lougat that used to call a post game show all the time. Debbie on a mobile and a lube from wherever he was from, Lou from Hollywood. Same boring title crap man, your sales last year's halava. Get to know material. Jigs and a doddle is 50 times the man that you'll ever be, okay? Insides and in spirit. And the kitty sense? Here's Vointin B, chillin. Neil God. Yes sir. Call the wish you a great vacation. Thanks. Come back, rest and ready to farm up again. I might come back. I might not. You never know. I have a good time. Give your hard time. George is going to have some smoke and shows that's when the phones are loaded up. Oh yeah. They're out there. It doesn't bother me at all anymore. You know I am mentally back. I'm back right now where I was a few months ago with it. I don't care attitude. Yeah. Because that seems to be the prevailing thing around here. I don't care. Don't care. Don't care so much. Doodle harm but also don't care. And then you'll live a lot longer that way. You start caring. You drive yourself nuts. I'm doing the best I can. What's wrong with that? Things start that this next week and then continue when I come back. Go out there and get these buttons because I think everybody ought to have these guy damn keychain. Yeah. And it is a good cause and spite of the fact that they're wanted to in volunteers working over there but it's a great organization. They can use your help and we want to do a good job. So we want to do a good job. Yeah. I don't like doing anything. Half past. Well by the way speaking of half past. The Scotty Mac people. The construction people that are doing this 80 year project here on the third floor in this building. The reason that they're not doing very much and we have this on very good authority right. 100% guaranteed is because the company that want to be easily read people all them of fortune. No pay slow pay as usual. How do you like that? Don't be so stupid. No. We can't we don't got it. The one a bee's Lee reads. That's why this project. Let me say again it took 13 months to build the Empire State Building. Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto back in 1932. And that was in the depression. I think it took him about six or eight months to build the whole thing from the ground up. This project has been going on since before Jesus was before Matthews was a baby. And why you might ask? Because this company doesn't pay their bills. That's why. How do you like that? This big shot want to be easily read people. They don't pay their bills. Anybody knows that. So they're putting in a ceiling time that tells all right. One at a time. Remember that old show horrible show one day at a time? That's what they're doing. One day at a time. One tile at a time. Because that's how much they can afford to pay for it. In fact, you'll see Greg Reed in a very dusty old Brooks Brothers suit standing on a corner of Ivory Road in 441 this afternoon. He's going to be out there. Yeah, what a big bucket. Taking up a collection to see who can finish this construction project here. I want to be easily read broadcasting. If you people had any idea. Any idea? Oh, but line four works now. I guarantee it was that phone in the other room again. I bet you any amount of money. They're sticking with us because I out of them on Rippen Jigsmick down on this asshole. I call the couple minutes ago. You ought to be ashamed sir. In addition to which nobody cares about hockey here anyway. So leave the guy alone. Nobody in plus the game was on. I take the game off TV like that. Was it the line in there? Was screwed up? He don't know. He's doing schedule. He's in another world. He's a 4 minutes before 11 at 5.50 WQA. 420. 420. 420. 420. 420. 420. 420. 420. 420. They say I love his taboo. They're what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. They don't go on the other side. So strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. We're not those but why? But I cherish each moment with you. I'm so glad. You're in my life. You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When life goes out at 10. I can't say who will have their own. Now that will appear fried. As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time. They're called to a five prison bitch. My prison bitch. And I have no regrets. I got you for a 10-in-bar. And the fact goes, they're the rest. At first two were禍 systems. But now you're all my friends. I knew that I could kiss you in the end. But you're the only one I can kiss. And I have that to work in from above. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I can't feel the pain. And I can't feel the pain. And now you're all my prison girl. Oh! I'm not leaving the prison bitch. You're leaving the prison bitch. And you're off the mission. I only have a quick help out from the police. Yeah, I'm tired of this prison cell. I'm gonna kill you, that'll help. And then can save two seven years. Now, together the time's up there. I'm your prison bitch. You're leaving the prison bitch. You're leaving the prison bitch. I'm leaving the prison bitch. I'm leaving the prison bitch. That's how you're gonna die. So, I'm gonna kill it right away. So, now I'm losing hope. And now I'm tired of killing the last soul. Yeah, I'm leaving the prison bitch. You're leaving the prison bitch. You're leaving the prison bitch. And now you're leaving the prison bitch. You're leaving the prison bitch. When I get out, I get out. I'm leaving the prison bitch. My prison bitch, I'll never think of you. You're not like all of your whole life. All the second time I feel that way. If you want to kill her. You're crazy bitch. If you never leave the prison. You're leaving the prison. You're the first one I'm still in. But now you're my soulmate. I'm so prepared. I don't know. I don't know. Now I know when there's a one. But I'm prepared. You're not the man I went to call this. The polky. Hey. We had one person. We're just assuming what about your heartaches. We have it as time. One person call to defend Jigs McDonald. No. The same thing. Good about it. They never stole a freight train. It's just because he spat. It doesn't make him a bad guy. No. No. But what do you got going for you on the meantime, pal? You're slipper. You're sitting around calling the morning show and this show? Wow. Talk about a rich full life. 560, 600 open lines here this morning. They're pretty quiet. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. They're still trying to figure out how those two adhips in the pilot in the co-pilot. I'm Monday. They were talking like buddies trying to solve a problem. And now all of a sudden come to find out. One of them crashed the plane. It was an act of suicide. And one of them was pulling them. One of them was Yankin. They're still trying to have it. And we had one response about that. Oh, of course not. It's what the good news for all you believers out there is for no as flawed. Here's a new wave of evidence sent to us from a list of their northern Michigan on the internet. Scientists have discovered an ancient coastline. 550 feet below the surface of the Black Sea providing dramatic new evidence of a sudden catastrophic flood around 75 hundred years ago, the possible source of the Old Testament story. And we underline the word story of Noah. How do you like that? And like I told you, every time there was like some kind of natural thing, whether it was a hurricane, a tornado, a flood, whatever was God was pissed off and God did this and God did it. There you go. So a little bit of truth is dangerous, just like the pilot in the copilot that we're talking like buddies trying to solve a problem. Right there on a front page. I guess I'm the only one who even pays any attention to stuff like that. The rest of you just ignore it because otherwise you'd go nuts. Speaking of going nuts. Here's a facts from another one of our listeners. Here's Kathy Willets. Our favorite. Pockmarked model of Kathy Willets. That's not what the D that's with two T's. At the crazy horse in San Francisco on Market Street. I don't pour in Star Flores, notiest info. Kathy Willets. She'd be doing it out there. How do you like that? Hey, Neil. It's true. I can't have an orgasm just driving down on 95. But only if you're driving this side. No, Paso. Thanks to our friends over there in Tampa for factoring this. Look at this. All our facts is even here coming from out of town. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. I'll request Thursday. I was lying for doing by the way. All right. Oh, thank God. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Hi. It's Karen from Miami. I'm just calling to say I love your show. Thanks, Karen. And it's nice to see another gay member out there in the spotlight. I appreciate it. After in the spotlight. Well, yeah, we're usually in a closet. So it's like, it's some family members up there. And I'll try to know if we have any other material, like a true angel. I'll show you and it's first time I'm calling you. Okay. Well, I would say, but you're up. I think there would be in a paper. Have a great day, Karen. Bye. Toodle-o. Toodles. 560, 560. What's your gonna be boys and girls? What's your gonna be? 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Like I said, is there one person out there who's got the commonly seen these days? And then go to about Jigsmikdon after the vicious, the unnecessary, the needle's attacks against a good guy this morning. They've been going on day after day on a morning show where they wouldn't know a hockey puck of your stuck in their resumes. Exactly, especially before who's still hot going to China with Win Elliott. Well, you talk about a guy that's out of touch. I mean, really out of touch. Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Good morning, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Kind of quiet here. I'm not quiet. Call the post. There's no sound that way. I just wanted to let you know. Yes, sir. I heard you talking about the J in Americans and the, yes, sir. Thank you, Valley. I was there. And we had a bunch of seats and J, black come on and he just blew your socks off. Right. All right. The B so old and the little bit out of shape and stuff. He's still be able to say he can do it. Oh, excellent. And then there's 16 year old son come on and just knocked everybody dead. And everything was going smooth and then probably barely come on. Oh, boy. I'm so sorry. I heard the first song. I had to go out and get a double. I was the only one in the, yeah, moral line. If his knew it, I just would have been working. You know, well, I went back in after the double and he still didn't sound any better. And we left on the four songs and they did this for give. It was for a good reason because when we left, J black and a son was just come out of the back of the, yeah. Yeah, thank you. We're on the year there. And we actually just ran into him and stopped and talked him for a few minutes. And we had a lot of graph got some pictures. And I got a chance to talk to a son for him. And I just a very well spoken, very nice young man. Right. And I mean, it's, it's really good to see somebody. That's a very polite and very good singer and still, you know, Just everything's not going on. I'm glad you had a good time. At least the part way and have a great day. Had a good time. Till Frankie came on. Just remember Frankie Bigger rolls don't cry. 10 minutes after 11 at 5 60 WQM. Were you fudge back? I know someone like to do a sandwich or a sandwich. 8 months that's, in each picture, the skin is, Check I know. You're just bleating that heroin feet. You got to lay off the clothes. 8 months that's, in each picture, We want to know what's the deal to close the draft when you're in rehab. You're worse than how he makes the. Yeah. 11 15 at 5 60 WQM. And there's a fact Ronald the bore. What a great, uh, ducks name that is from the Netherlands. He says I believe TM Terry Murray is misusing brewery in Nova Seltzer. Just like Doug McFanley would structure. I think, uh, we should keep an eye on that. What's Robbie doing along with brewery excellent point there. Ronnie, I'll let it one again to the one last night. They played like crap from all reports. I got it on tape. Couldn't stay up to watch that till two in the morning. Did I? No. And Robbie's going to win in goal even though according to guilty, No, less he played a crappy game as worse to the year. How do you like that? Oh, that must have been some performance. Let me say again, Paul law should be on a defense again, not on a wing. And I don't care what position God didn't Chris Wells plays. He ought to be in the stand. But he guys can play the wing and center and they need to find somebody else to send it to the fourth line, not Chris. He wells. She belongs in the stands. But I don't confuse these people because all they wanted. They only think they got to talk about with the end by the way. Here's another facts from Joe and sunrise. I'll save this. Let me just read the last part. He says I listen to Jig McDonald over the islanders and he's great. See Joe and sunrise don't want to say it on the air because somebody might recognize his voice that he faxes me that he likes Jig McDonald. Let's hear it for Joe and sunrise. Who sends me a great thanks for Joe. Get to eventually. Yeah, call off and rip and tear and knock. You'll never hear me doing that. You never hear me knock anybody. That's right. Except maybe Christine and more on and our sales manager that pitch. But other than that, do I ever knock anybody? No, never. To get my goddamn religion. You can't say something like my mother says, if you can't rip the crap out of somebody, don't say anything at all. That's her philosophy in life. If you can't say something nasty and hostile, don't say anything at all. And that's this council on something. The guy hasn't been here long enough to do anything bad to poor Jigsmeister and they're ripping him a major ask day after day after day. Did they do that to Zimfer? No. Did they do it to Christine and more on? No. No. And I don't want to mention the other names because there's plenty of other so-called play-by-play guys that have been in town last few years that they could play all kinds of embarrassing really bad calls that they do it? No. But they got a bug up there as about this because they wanted guilty to get the job. Hey, guess what? He didn't get the job. He ain't going to get the job. Not this year. So lay off my good post personal friend, Jigs. Okay. You ask holes. Here's for my or so-lo. Yes, sir. Uh, yeah. First of all, uh, I heard James time where Jigsmeister was gone for. And he's not too bad. Very bad. There you go. Very nice Chris Moran. I do. I'm going to bring those that in this loud mouth-lube guy that calls again for the second time and wants to rip him in as when I bring up Christine and more. He was, uh, he wasn't as bad. Bull crap. Okay. He was in a portion. He was in his grace. Okay. Again, into the main point in my call. You know, foster you. It is rated jump out of his box in a ground because he's so upset about Chris Moran. Okay. Yeah. Anyway, uh, there was a call earlier. I talked about celebrity jeopardy. Yeah. He played you first, huh? Yeah. But, uh, there have been a couple of times which people that everybody has gotten zeroes, but it wasn't for last night. So what does it make? Okay. That just, this file. It wasn't, it wasn't for laying a thing either. Yeah. That was not even the right response. And, granted, it is correct that to the first day of the millennium would be 2001. Yeah. So, uh, let's, uh, let's, let's let me ask you what differences this is making. Okay. Okay. I thought that, I thought that. I thought that first of the if you were starting to rip on some of the stars and it's, that said the switch, no, what difference does it make? I want to make sure it's always being any lies. That's all. Yeah. And, if I was ripping on some of the stars, what would they would do? I don't know. I don't get back to the stars. I don't know. I just want to make sure you weren't being fed any lies. I don't know. You can fed lies every day. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. See, they're real uptight over there in four miles. You better get used to the program, sir, because we get fed a lot of crap every day. We're just tickled at that. Anybody calls at this point. You're on the sand? Uh-huh. Yeah. That's all we care about. We'd occur with its true, whether it's make believe, whether it's fantasy, whether it's some bubble micey, as they say, whether it enables in poor Charlotte, bubble micey's. Five, six, seven. What is that that you're cleaning? What is that thing? A lot's like pillbox. I put a roach in it when they notes stinks. I got to clean it out of alcohol. Was it crawling around? Here's a pebble pine, hello. Neil. He put a roach in it. How do you like that, sir? Neil. Druggy. Yeah, I'm on. I got to ask you about the Diet soda without the aspirating. I'll only listen to him with that. The name of it? Yeah. Slim Jones. That's the brand. We can get that. Did the only place I know is the lights in Boko. The lights in Boko? He lights, yes, sir. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, get rid of the aspirating. Okay. In fact, I'm glad he inspired me just to take a couple of moments here because nobody will call about this stuff, although he did. My good post friend, Kilmer McCulliam, the hero with that great book to our revolution. About full of castings, about homo-system and believe me, I know my homo. By the way, did I ever get my homo-system number for the non-blad I reminded myself of that? I get it from that doctor. No, for my good friend, Jerry over there. Since today is Thursday, I was posting it a week from last Thursday, which today is Thursday. Did I get it yet? No. God damn number. Is there waiting for the lab? That's still playing with my blood like Dracula on a bad day. Did I get the number? No. And why not? I want to know my homo number before I go on vacation. God damn it, so I can put it proudly on my forehead. I mean, seriously, when you go to Amsterdam or anywhere in Western Europe, you want to know your homo number before they get to immigration. The oxy cholesterol we eat in powdered eggs, fried foods, heated butter, and powdered milk is likely to damage your arteries and cause heart disease. On the other hand, if you eat fresh eggs, butter, milk, or food sauteed in olive oil, your arteries will not be harmed. He says, for all the non-believers reading this, I'll say it again. Oxy cholesterol is the only kind of cholesterol that can cause artery damage. And in another book called The Omega Plan, which I want to, you know, they don't even want to hear about another book. Avoid trans fatty acids, okay? That's the most important thing. Just keep it in mind that I told you. And they've been talking about this all in the yesterday. This was the big thing in the news. Avoid trans fatty acids. And now the government's going to try to make them label on the label along with all the other stuff they put on there. Not just how much fat saturated on certain, et cetera, but also trans fatty acids. And all we don't want to do that. Food Thai and trans fatty acids do not eat the following, okay? Get your pen and pencil, get your cassette recorder, make a list. Well, where's the line in the here about the fact that they're certain, where how is that? About molecules that the body can't even absorb? I'll find that. This is too important. Food Thai and trans fatty acids, biscuit, mixes and dough. Say goodbye to the Pillsbury dough boy. Cakes and cake mixes, cinnamon rolls. Cookies and cookie mixes, corn chips, crackers, donuts. Crackers, you hear that? Like soda crackers that you were feeding in my poor little dog and early kill them. Crackers, high in trans fatty acids. Grinola, frozen dessert, not ice cream. Corned this book, the other books is ice cream, and I've put it up the ice cream. Muffin mixes, pastearies in general. Even home and touch. Pie crust and pie crust mixes, flavored popcorn, potatoes chips, shortening tortillas and tortillas. All very, very high in trans fatty acids. Fried foods like french fries. Do not eat, do not touch, do not breathe, do not get near, do not eat health. Look at that. I love it. I love when you drop something on one of those key chains of biscuits. I love that. Where's that thing about the molecules? Oh, here you go. It says the biggest danger from fat comes from eating trans fats or partially hydrogenated oil found and everything from ice cream to crackers to candy. Candy, margarine also contains trans fats and should be avoided to all costs. And all costs. Here comes the jackpot. The process of hydrogen, whatever that is, hydrogenation that cardins oils and stabilizes them against spoilage creates an abnormal configuration of hydrogen atoms that is biologically incompatible with a human body. How do you like that? Biologically incompatible with a human body, boys and girls. These fats alter the membranes of the cells, rendering them dysfunctional. This in turn increases the risk of arterial sclerosis and heart disease. There you go. Oh, so it's up to you. No more diet soda. And no more of those things on it list. So disgusting things on it long list. Here's Miami sure. Hello. What is that? What is it from? A big part of it. Is there any way to get that list? To get one list. The list is just right from now. That's for a chicken with Donald Cook. You're a mega plan. Ah, okay. Thank you. First chicken. Not the omega man. You're a mega plan. There's no case. Certainly improvement from the guy we had last time. I just think I doesn't take a genius to know that. Does the Gahaki expert know that? I mean, my little dog knows that. It's just the better because Galdi didn't get to get what they want. Why? Why? Why don't they keep her in this guy? Well, I don't understand. Because they want to one another. Well, hey, tell Galdi you go get a job in a mile. Mark and work is way up. Oh, sorry. They don't do that anymore. No, they started the top and work the right down. Like Christina. Right. You know something they kicked his ass out of Jersey. He did the devil's recovery. He was horrible. Everybody has the addition saw the devil's game. What are they playing the brun's last night? The brun's are playing pretty good in Jersey. I'm going to tell you there were so many thousands of empty seats that I I would bet that there were more empty seats than people in the stands in Jersey. Right. No matter what it says for attendance, that's only tickets. There were thousands and so it's it's a good team. But it's a Phantom franchise. There's nobody there. Well, when they when they played that on the morning show that that rendition of nobody does it better for Christina when he left. It was just a while. Talk about an ass sucking fest. Just nauseating. Yeah. And he's one of their own. And I guess what's he doing out of the NSP? Oh, no. I don't know. I don't care. Well, he said he was leaving for a better position than the throne. That's a great day. Careful. I'm going to go see my good buddy, shaky booty. 16,000 open lines. I just read those couple of paragraphs. Now they're all gone. Who wrote you a make a plan, please? I'm not telling. Okay. Five. No, I'm not telling to least phones load up here again. I'm getting sick and tear these goddamn bastards man. Big, big, big, big, big, big. Come on. Like a little dog. Get back on your hind legs and put your paws up in the air and you'll come on. Biggest to speak to you. No. Come on, big. Okay. God. And you wonder why this time like this. Any of the sports teams. They lose one game in the right way to start. I'll work your up and off the bad. I guess we're selling our tickets. What's your with him? Talk about phony, phony, phony, barker's man. This program is just loaded with him. 26 after 11 and 5, 60 W2P. We're skydiving by self-defense today. We've got to cut this over and put it to a wish wave. If you don't like me, that's too bad. It's not the prior worries. Come on. Come on. Time is free. Come on. Come on. Come on. Let's try his bird and show them. Come on. Rich, let's probably say go the N.C. Go go away. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come here. Cheers. Come, cheers. There's bubbles coming, something is speaking. Come on. Tell us. Who is your childhood boy? Just lick them. Yeah, 1132 at 560 WQM if you can't join them. I mean, here's the guy that went on there and then ripped them. Ripped them. Oh, these guys didn't know they don't know about the sport. They don't have any credibility. They stick them on there to protect them to be a show for the coach and this audience. I'll never forget as long as I live it's a year and a half ago. And most of the people in this audience, the knowledgeable hockey fans that we've got. They just, you sat back like that because it's the sports holes again. The sports holes. They're never going to hold anybody's feet to the fire. Because sports holes and suck holes, I think are like from the same family if you ask me. Here's what a lot of Dale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm probably like a young, yes, college. Yes, sir. 10. 15. 15. 15. Okay. I was just wondering if you could play a true to your show. Yes, sir. All right. Are you doing? All right. Zagazon. You can. And happy for him. You're going to show. All right. You're so hot like I did. Great. I'm so excited. You're going to show. There you are, y'all. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Back up ourubenster. This isками ready to break. All $ Being did, no more so presents at me. All for its acquire now. Notice it. I can tell you he's myaler now. Now. Here. Look. I'm pretty much 25 at five, 50, and I'm pretty happy to play that because that's the codestest thing in the rest of the album. It makes me think of yesterday's guiding light episode, which was really amazing. Okay. Now that Ben Warren got murdered, we found we've got a lot of a totally, this is the week he was going to get shot, he'll be side. And I watch a name, which is his daughter, which I can't think of what her name is because he's a real pain in the ass in a real part, Shane. But nevertheless, she's all better, shape and cry and caring on. And so Jesse, for fiancee Jesse, who is converted to Judaism, who is now a Puerto Macon Jew, he's a Jew, and there's something like that. He likes the candles and they're doing his good all, the his good all, shemay, rabble, all of these, and stuff like that. For Ben Warren, the rest of us are going, all right, it's about time everybody heated the like poison. He was the anti-crite of soap operas. And he used to be the young senator on the guy named not landing by the way, if not landing, leave these listening, the young senator. Still what that same bad nose, but nevertheless, professional trouble maker, an old job for Vacotor, he's dead. And they're doing the codish. Oh, I mean, just so unbelievably ridiculous. Why do we keep watching? Why do we keep watching the guiding light? Here's Volk, hello. Hi, this is Nick from Volkka. Yes, Nick. I wanted, I called up to talk about another diet soda that's available without nutrients, sweet. I'm a diabetic who hates the taste of nutrients, sweet. I'm a real close buddy of this. Great. You're well, can you by the way, that's pertainment's poison? I have no idea what, what, what, what, what, what, what are that sugar not? I just know I hate the taste. Diet art is sweet cola has a new sweet or a market called splendia. Oh, that's not but that's good. And I love our sea cola. And it's not not diet right. That's still contains nutrients sweet, but diet art is a can contain splendia. That's going to go in the blue cans, right, if you get it in the cans. I've never bothered anything. I haven't bought that normal, but I do love our sea cola. I make you feel like a real redneck. I love it. And you can cook with it. If you feed stable, I'm like the interest rate. And you can get it at your sponsor. No, he doesn't mean the soda jar. George is looking at you. He's talking about that splendia or splendia, but it has to come out. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you boil the rarsi diet soda and you cook your pasta. You can just use. See, he knows. And he's a dumb guardian. You can buy it at your sponsors, with the likes. Thank you. Yeah. They sell it. Great. That's all I see. I'm in that for sure. Thanks. There you go. We got something dyed rc. Coal, I love rc. Coal. I love Dr. Pecker too, but that's unfortunately got asked for it. You don't like Dr. Pecker? Oh, it's poison. I love Pecker, Dr. Pecker. 5, 670, 560, pound five 60 on the 18T line. Yeah, that's for you. And with a brief and lice, I'll let you get it. And it's 74. You know, too bad. Oh, yeah, you're going to get my germs. Okay. This is before I'm going to answer that. And not afterwards. I know they're gone from last trip. 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 6345 on a world famous out of town. Fort Myers, Palm Beach and the rest of the universe line. But the rest of the universe don't care. Plus they're not listening. Let me side that. 21, by the way, our poll question today is who's hornier, Jews or Catholics? No offense, football. Sports radio, 560. You say, hey, asshole. I didn't get them in. This is, let's do it. Number five. On Thanksgiving day, everybody ate the food. That was on their plate. We said turkey, we did all the fix. We're going to set eat up because there's a lot more in the kitchen. I had to stop because it was so stuff. Five plate rules was fighting enough. I had white meat. Doc meat. Turn up and stuff. I'm fucking my pants. Come on, belly was bustin' when it was time for me to get out of there. Grandma gave me life to tough for where. Full of gravy potatoes. I'll be eating all of this until Christmas. A little bit of stuff and you take home. I found a mess with potatoes and a turkey's bone. A little bit of ham on that ball. Better eat it up before it's gone. To prepare is the old pan of paita cheese. Put some in the fridge and the best you can. A little bit of yam and misni pie. Eat and turkey sandwiches. You like that. Oh. Let's do it with no more meat. What will I do make a horn bed. Got a love turkey soup. My fridge is so full that the dog won't shut. Get coming out of my butt. Let's go over to number five. Yo. Okay, it's 145 at 5.60WQM. We got a Hank in a studio in two. We got Hank with Bino at five. Six o'clock till 730 at Tour of Coo and Hotline. The pan says that's saying Lewis tonight. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We got a lot of meat. We just need to bring him in here to answer the phone. They'll speak to him. They don't want to talk to you or me because we're both hard asses. What was the word that I said? My heart is dirty. No, you're hard. You're having dirty. Oh, the other guy said I was rude. And rude. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil on the Fort Myers line. And nobody else is using. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 40, 5. It's kind of a tough number. You're almost saying. You ever seen me those tough number? I wonder why I said punk in plantation. I wonder why I said that. What was he about three? Two? Uh-huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T is daylight. And they get down as they get. Put it back in your pants. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Regarding your story on the flood. What happened? You were reading a story on the flood. Yeah. What is that supposed to prove? We know that the truth is that there was a flood. It didn't prove anything about the Jews. It proves that there were bunch of superstitious people living then. And that it was a hand me down tail about something that actually did happen. But of course, it was an active god because they didn't know what hell was all about. Right. We know that the city of Troy existed. And that there was a war there. Right. That mean that they got it all about hell. What the earth to help the Greeks, I don't think so. I don't think so. I have a changelister request. Yes, sir. I would like to get some head and some shampoo too. Okay. Thank you. Good luck with both. Hi, Felicia. Gini, I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? Yes, yes. I thought you being head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's light-catching shoulders only without all those additive. It's just called Chad. Let's tell them about it, girls. Just your tie and down to O'Neigham's sister. Can't get her back. Take it and be the same girl. Get down to the other. What I bet? Can't get her back. If you get some head. Wow. What are you talking about? I get that. Lots of places, chick. You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you the same. In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, siled, and blown dry. You don't miss a link, do you? Tencent of free. But is it expensive? Not at all, chick. My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10. Jolly, that's that price. Everyone should be getting hand. That's right, chick. When you say head, you set a mouth full. I am Dr. Raymond Balottie. For a friggin' all industry. Here's a can of blue white. You should get him. First of lubricate each lip hair follicle. Leading an erect listen and share. Then this calves natural oils are sucked out of the root. Leading your hair, socks, shone, and exhaustive. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head from my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably. But you might want to try your girlfriend first. Go out and get some head. He's at it. Oh, dark. And then work. Go to my mom's home. And then you'll love better and you'll feel per rip. Yeah, can you get head. You're a lucky sip. What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price, you won't find hard to swallow. And it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of cellphones. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down town. And head makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas. My wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me head. And then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion in a national dress. I can't get my love. I'm going to have a job. Can you get a book? My love your job. Can you get a dollar? You want a pump? Can you get a love? I'm going to love you. I'm going to love you. I'm going to love you. I'm going to love you. I'm going to love you. I'm going to love you. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Head shampoo. Come on. Give it a shot. No, I air looks great. You're the man. 10, 12, that's five, six, you've got to kill me. So I joined sunrise. So I lost you. I'm going to go by the way. I suppose that I'm not just Lou. Whoever that I got was called earlier. We also called the morning show. We swore a crap. He says about the goddess. You went to Catholic school from first grade to high school. Once in third grade, the class was brought into the church across the school. We were spoken to by one of the priests. To give us an hour lecture on morality, got it, et cetera. Then he asked if anyone had any questions. Everyone except for me was too shy to raise their hand. I had to preach too many God and where to God come from. Well, after a nasty look to preach that God is eternally had no big ending in the end. He always existed. That was a bit much for me to understand because of being nine years old. So I turned to a friend and whispered something like, sounds like a bunch of malarkey to me. Next thing I knew, a non-grabby from behind by the hair and drags me outside. I guess you know the rest. I got into trouble with my parents as well because the school called them. That's right, trouble maker. I don't blame my parents for trying to do what they felt was right for me. I did get a fairly good education from the school I went to. By the way, two years after I left high school, listen to those two years after I left school, the principal who was a brother, pastor, was caught fondling a few boys in the stairwell. These are facts in the church. Just show us the blowy it says. I don't need a church or religion or religion raised my children properly. Because I can teach them right from wrong. It's a parent's responsibility to teach them right from wrong. Not a church, not a religion. Nice going, Joe. And sunrise who's got his head on straight. And a boy, Joe. Just go in there this Sunday again. Keep putting your money into play. All you suckers out there and subsidizing all those child molesters. Nice going. That's what you're doing. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, 6345 on the deadline. Here's Hiley, a hello. First time for a while. Yes sir. Well I wanted to talk about basically the food that you were talking about. That's no good. Yes. Doesn't it go to show that Bob Acton was correct? Yes. And I also wanted to find out why you don't want to direct the diet so that I didn't catch that part of the show. Because Aspera team is very bad for you. It contains methanol. And when you put it into your body it converts it to a wood alcohol, which is poison. Gotcha. Okay. No more ass per team. Okay. You know we've had pros and cons. Yes, no. And now when you start reading it in the third hit of nutrition books, my doctors who know what they're talking about. That make a lot of sense. And they're saying that it's poison and don't drink it. I'm not going to drink it. And addition to which this sling zone soda is a hello lot. Now you don't like it because it's too sweet. But I like sweet. Yeah, it's a little bit. Although with us tonight. We had a water down a little bit. I don't like water down. But I do like sweet. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. And this I would be too embarrassing to say that it's called Foufoubury soda this flavor. They've also got other flavors. Just say drink slums on. Because if you say anybody, oh, I'm really loving that. Foufoubury soda they'll give you kind of a look you know. Here's a mobile in Papano. Hello. Mobile in Papano. Gone. Here's a Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I like a shameless request here. Yes. The bit about. On to the lands. Okay. Thank you, sir. See you. 5. 5. 6. They're a little on the slow side today. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. On the 18th. You know, there's no comment all week long. And you want to know why? Because they can't figure it out. Right here in our own lifetime. Forget about stuff that was told, handy down with no media, no newspapers, no print and press, no goddamn television, no radio. They got the actual recorders, the voice recorders. Monday, you're reading the paper. They're talking like buddies trying to solve a problem. The pilot, the co-pilot, playing crash like enough two weeks ago. And now it's suicide, murder. By the shaky booty Egyptian guy, who never stole a freight train in this family since he until bad but nevertheless. And nobody's going to anything to say about that. And I understand that. I don't understand why I have nothing to say because it is inexplicable. And it happens within a two or three day period right here with all our modern technology and communications and satellite and this and that. But I'm the one that's full of crap. That's where I'm full of crap because I don't want to believe all these bubble musses. Because I prefer to use my brain, but little I have left of it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mr. Fisher. Yeah, I grew up a big range of fans. I just liked everything about the island. There's especially Danny Potter and the one thing I did like though was listening to the chick's music games on sports channel. And then since I moved down here, I've kind of lost interest in hockey. And recently, I've listened to him on the radio and now I'm starting to get back into it. I was saying something nice about the guy is a hell of an ice guy. And the fact that they single him out to rip his ass every time he makes a bad call. I mean, so what's the big deal? So he makes a bad call. He's still a million times better than his predecessor. And like I said, it happens to be a great guy. I think these morning guys, man, they're turned out to be a bunch of real turd burdens that turned back in established. Right. I'm going to let that mean. He's a good announcer. No doubt about his herd. Right. I'd rather listen to him than Danny Potter. Oh, look at Danny Potter. I'd rather croak than the sweet and the sweet pop fan again. All right. He could have a great day. Let's play that song, pop fan sucks. Come on. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Of course, all these hot. You see the hockey people. All 10 of them. They start squeezing themselves. Come on, let's bear it. They're the west coast. First the coast, all the cross can of it. They know that it's so tough. On your reindeer fan, come on. One time, baby. Oh, let's go. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. The last song was a Paveungsac's. He did a dumb frog, he's an idiot. There was a segment in a game The other night. I can't begin to tell you. That was the game. The buff-log game. We left here. We got home. I'm watching and they definitely. Yeah. Yeah, were you? True, true. Yeah. True. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. We can't forget the box. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. And the letter you were just reading the guy was making fun of the priest because the priest said no one made God and God as eternal Yeah, so what would be do you think that that's silly because it's saying God as eternal or that's stupid by saying that anything is eternal? No, there's such a thing as infinity. We just can't relate to it because we have a limited lifespan So it's just you know, I mean a hundred years a thousand years is something we can't even comprehend much less it's infinity So if God is infinite, how come the universe couldn't be infinite? Well, okay, if everything that exists though if there's something that exists, I need to have to say that something is eternal Yeah, okay, I wasn't sure if I couldn't that be a matter universe, I couldn't that be infinite instead of God Because instead of somebody creating it because if somebody created it then he had to come from somewhere Why would the first better great day? 157 at 560 WQF This is Kevin. Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction There's wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation cosmetic press surgery face gift all of these things There's wondering Oh, you like to start with? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my my thing Okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though? I can't be done It's not that it would be right The lotion in the basket How much? 5000 Excellent. I'd like to have my skin research as to Uh-huh. The laser surgery Uh-huh. Have the lamb stop crying yet? Mommy Excuse me Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw to you Okay, can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first in the fall looking at you. We can tell you that when we see you Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy Uh, if you'd like to It works the lotion in the basket Would you like to make an appointment? Yes Okay, um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee That's fine Okay Okay My name is pufferlville Okay, let me get a little information from you. Okay I promise you It works the lotion in the basket I understand It works the lotion in the basket Do you want to come in for consultation? It works the lotion in the basket Uh-huh Okay It works the lotion in the basket I got my skin suit in the bottle Uh-huh It works the lotion in the basket I understand that. Would you like it? It works the lotion in the basket Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay It works the lotion in the basket Uh-huh What is a pufferlville? Okay, 12-04-560 WDQM Sir George says Will never know, never know Wasn't that a came from? Right And does it really matter? 670560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line All the silly people, all the God people out there Oh, we're nearly the reason you don't believe in God Okay So easy just to be a quizling Just so easy to be a lemon and a quizling And just repeat something as somebody else told you to repeat Just like all these people at mumble a bunch of things to go to church And chill, they're even saying he's could all be used Good doctor on guiding light Yeah, Puerto Rican is doing the same cottage on guiding light He was wearing a schmotho, though, nice beenion Oh, you mean they could have bring him back? No, good We had enough of him Here's Miami Beach, yellow Yeah, that was a great bit to hear all the phone deal How you doing? Great I don't know if anybody told there's a couple of things Um, an national news about the K-Day Illinois School officials, they voted to ban Jesse Jackson Oh, right I think he possessed and Jared, you know he did a little publicity stuff No, we just keep him in there Read the article at the 1998 Okay And at the bottom to it's tell the body Man was in Massachusetts He spanked his young boy with a belt Play some months and he was a minister Yeah, he was innocent And one other thing Bill Gates bought stock With Wayne Eisen and how about that pair of arms He did one? Yeah, it's on the The trash companies Don't be thirsty Oh my god, yeah, thank you Good day 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Line 9 is dead as a door nail man That's the bitter disappointment for me to swallow 877-785 Neil All over the world all over the universe And it's sitting there dormant I screamed, I hollered, I carried on I went to back for this guy then crowed Do they respond? Oh, no, as usual 23 years of frustration That's going to be my biography 23 years of screaming and pleating and begging But the good news is George will be here tomorrow for all your swingers out there And next week the pick-on-all you religious crazy people Just a pick you to pieces And he shares his incredibly Embarrassing knowledge of all these historical facts Settle intellectuals Like that guy, I got a good point See, one of the first books I ever read I mean, I'm talking about besides child book kiddie books Was H.C. Wells outline of history And I finished reading the two volumes of H.C. Wells rather perverted view of the outline of human history And when I finished reading, I kind of looked at the mirror And I went, yeah, so what? Who cares? I mean, reason history that affects my life Yeah, that I find very interesting And some of the ancient history like the Romans And the Greeks, those are all those Sorry, that's kind of interesting too And like I said, my collangible, he didn't need no ladder less. Here's a online. Sorry about that. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Yes, sir. And these are politicians here in Florida, always condoning violence, but it's so cold. The exile community has people perceived to be focused for a way. Yes, they are not. Yes. Now, suppose to choose here, use violence against Peppey and Donald Trump because he don't like Castro. That makes him a good guy. Right. Well, let's put it down. I bet Peppey can't do this in like Castro. But suppose to choose here, I don't know if he can't like anybody. Peppey can't do like anybody. Some media stories aren't too crazy. Five, six, seven, five, six. One this guy say. Oh, yeah. You must be related to your account. By the way, number one is hysterical Jews. Well, he saw that scene I'm guiding like yesterday. I put him over the edge. You know, Puerto Rican saying, cottage, yes, good. All these good eyes. That I don't know. You know, what's the point? What is the purpose of that? I know to prayer for the dead, but what what it was supposed to do. It's like, uh, bereaved pre-hog often at least then you have a good glass of wine. Yeah. Pop out bereaved pre-hog often. But well, what is all this other mumbog number four? Why do we do that? Is that like given it? Okay, we're done by the prayer now. Let's eat. Is that what it's all about? Okay, just, just thought I'm sure. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T line and line nine. We're yanking it out. I come back from vacation at little begun. Needless expense. Hey, they can George get his bonus in his pipe and paycheck by the way? No, no. No, and you know, something when they all that money, the construction people to Scotty Mac, how do you expect to get your bonus? What do you think Scotty Mac has to say about being on our last month? One of those rest, one of those rest, one of those rest, a story contando, a bahodella yuvia, one of those rest, one of those, one of those rest, a story contando, a me gusta. Yeah, a me gusta. That's what he got. He got goose. Uh, yeah, Uno de Ostrethats. We got Trace Dolla. They said, what he got from this outfit. Scotty Mac. Those are the days. One thing. Oh, when he got on a plane with that Boba can thing and they made a bunch of assholes out of themselves. Him and his gun to miss Buckhead. They're the whole little crowd of miss fits. Those are the days, baby. Let's have another trip to Vegas with Boba can what he said. Oh, nine minutes after noon in five, sixty, WQM. The sports leader. We have no reason. What? Radio five, sixty. Q, A, M, E, God. ops and You just banged to gank. I spat your hand and bruise us in the morning the way you lank. Swarrow at him. You just mabled your lungs and straws here. You just raced your body and stupoed here so very little smell. Rye! You flound that you lank. You just beat your arms up. The size of the bitch leaves us. You go out of the blue cloud. You got to be with those bitches you got. You got to be with those bitches you got. 15 to 560 WCM Hanks in the building with a big smile on a space you must have cached on something. Really likes that song. Oh, he said that's number one with two bullets. All right. It's gigantic. It's revolutionary all over the building. Anyway, here's the fact this is kneel by the way. I've embarrassed to admit this but you've been right all along. All Cuban men do love cock fights. 560, 10560 on the AT&T line. What are we going to do with this town hank? What are we going to do here? They're all, they're all off the van wagon. Always going to come in here. I'm going to have to figure out how this works again. Does the only student in America where the guest, what is it? Smell like a giant doll. What is? You have some cheese. You know what it is? I walked into the dude Jimmy's radio show today. He looks like he's your show. He looks like a guy. He's an asshole. Oh my god. He likes your show. He does. No, get out of here. I'm not kidding. I always like that Jimmy. He's my favorite. But anyway, I just have to talk about the hair. I went in and I said he listens to this show. Yeah. He said to me that to me one time. He said that to me one time. He said that to me. It's funny. It's only a joke. Yeah. Anyway, I go in and I give him a quote from Carver, the character, you know, the Rupert Murdoch character in the James Bond movie. Yeah. Where he says that I can manipulate the media to take over the world. And I gave him that quote. Yeah. And he cut it, he's going a little bit. He said, I must have seen that movie. Never done that. That's what it's all about. What's that? He's a diddle with the media. He's diddlein with his team too. Just like he did with that business with the one step. And I don't want to force you to get into that. Which thing? The thing with Wayne and with his, the phony resigning that day. All of that would Dave once told that. Yeah. There's this story behind that. But, you know, I don't want to get you caught in the middle of it. I wouldn't get caught. It's just saying. It's a story that just evaded everybody. Well, what has a lot more is there than I was in here. I was in Las Vegas that day. I meant it was very well. And thanks for calling. That's right. You called me on here. We broke this story. And I spotted channel 7 coming on saying they broke this story. Yeah. But anyway, what happened with that was he Wayne would give Jimmy whatever he wants. Yeah. He will. That's the one team that he cares about the Jones and and and and Jimmy's got his confidence. So you're going to give me back on Barry again. Just when he was going to do that. No, no, I understand. But yesterday in a hero that in the business section, they had a story not written by him. But written by somebody else about. They've hired a firm to help them sell the team now. They're actively looking at right. Even though there are no buyers. Yeah, the fair stirms. Yeah. Exactly. And it said the hero has a one source told the hero that the asking price on the 35 minutes. Is this by putting it to business section. It was like saying, well, Barry's not completely crazy. Even though they got him in a rubber room. He's got a straight to ask. No, what was the upshot of that after it all finished. Did he ever. Did he stop calling? Yeah. Finally. And and we'd ever heard anything about it. I don't think he's going to be calling. Yeah. Oh, and then I wouldn't have to say any of it. When you told the hero, the most drove off the road about he and the guy from the Harold his boss went to Greg Reed's house to beg us to lay off. Let's put it this way. Yesterday, I took care of all the family business. All right. There we go. All right. Great. That's excellent. Anyway, yeah, that's right. They came over. The good thing very don't work. Glasses. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah. That's the best line. That was along the century. The only person in history who's mother had a driving to do a drive by. I kind of spread that line around Buffalo. You know, got a lot of that. Of course, I gave attributes. So Jimmy, listen to this show. I'm going to squeeze myself a couple of times. I'm going to answer them. When you leave it tonight. Oh, my boy. I always have a good trip. Thanks. I'm going to be going to be going on. We can have not long enough. Let me ask you something. You know, the ISD end of when you go out and do your shows like in Vegas. Yeah. Is that an expensive thing to do your show from those Amsterdam? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm going to stay there. I'm going to go there anyway eventually. So why don't I do it now? It doesn't cost anything. A lot of Vegas because the stress you're just. I had that studio built for them for ESPN. Need a place for guys to do shows from out there. Yeah. And so a friend of mine from ESPN went out there and built that studio for them. So whenever I go out there, we can use it because when you do the show for them. You can use it from there. It sounds better than when you do it from here because I probably the equipment actually works. Well, of course. It's a better studio. No question to violence. First of all, the studio sits there and you have that view on top of the entire atmosphere. Since far, very inspiring. I think you can do all the things. The studio is a lot of the brown cafes and Amsterdam. And you could smell the aroma right over the air. Yeah. Five thousand miles away. It's not a bad thing to do. I can set you up out there. Okay. I know how about Amsterdam. I think the old girls think in Sydney. Oh yeah. Would a studio? Yeah. I'll build a student in his apartment. Sounds good to me. Okay. You'll never be back. But I saw it. Say how to Jimmy. Okay. How do you like that? Jimmy. Listen to the show. He's an asshole. I love that Jimmy. He's always been my favorite. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. What do you think? Sounds good to me. Maybe just won't come back from this trip. The show isn't going anywhere, but I'm just not coming back. Let's just do it over the phone. Sounds excellent. Here's a mobile in dear field B, cello. Mobile in dear field. Oh, God. These people. These people. Here's a mobile in Pembroke, Pines, hello. Is it me? Yes, sir. Sounds like you. Yeah. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Good. Listen, about your city up at the far back. Thank you. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, the bad batch. Right. Can we took a technical back any, any, uh, special, um, good, you know, your fixed name? Yes. Okay. Okay. Let me share a Carol with Ted, you take it back where you bought it and it's changing. If they don't exchange it for you, tell them, I'm going to send look at Brotsie over. Okay. We'll do, uh, regular sales required. Yes, sir. It's all request Thursday. Good. Uh, first period. Brando. What is this? First period. Brando. First period. Brando. I don't want the four. I don't want the four. Okay. I'll work on it. Okay. I'll see you. Okay. 560, 560, pon, 560, pon, 18, t, r, was my Jimmy Johnson. Love this show. He's an asshole. Jimmy. I'll see. I admire guys like that who, uh, have got to send to you more even though I still haven't changed my opinion about them because I'm out of a suck up, but nevertheless, that's tremendous. Nice going, Jimmy. See, maybe he doesn't take himself that seriously. Pat Riley loves this show. Pat Riley's obsessed with this show. Brian Maribosa in the show. He thinks it's great. That's really shit. I don't know about TM. I don't think TM knows where to find us on the dial. TM's probably too busy doing it. Sports, BN. All of their offices. Look at what a great start this team is off to it. I don't even plan good. That's the most amazing part. Looking at your standing, their boys and girls. Team is off to a tremendous start to not even plan good yet. Not to tell you how well but Jesus, what a great start. Nice going, Air Boys. Nice going, Rob B. Rob B. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Gone. Okay. Here's a four miles, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Thank you. You are the best of the best. Best thing that ever happens in sliced bread. Yeah. I'll tell you right now. This is called a city of Tom's over here. It's a Tom's. It's a home of a dead ice. Yeah. It's terrible. You're 100% right about this state. By the way, do you have a shameless request? Yeah. Mumble number two. Wonderful. Movement number two. You got it. I had it a few weeks for me, by the way. Oh, yeah. Tom's your daughter's daughter. God day bonus and we got him. I want you to pay two. Oh, yeah. Thanks. How you doing, Scotty Mac. What about stress? Okay. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line that line nine. That's the four miles line. Tom beast, do they use it? No. World had up in Palm Beach. But four miles is not like they got a new play toy over there. And to be honest, we do the number of calls we're getting from over and four miles is pretty God in impressive. And if we're sending to wise, if we had as many people call from date and Broward is we have from four miles compared to the number of people listening. We need 2,000 lines. You'll have to wait ten or twelve days to get on the air. But nevertheless, I've got an air for it. Myers, God bless you guys. See these people here, the spoiled. They've had it for too long. They've had a good for two guy damn long. Here's coral gables. Hello. Crow, Gables. Go on. Okay. I mean, Hank doesn't fight. You know, just because he was in here for like three minutes. So he doesn't meet everybody, he had a hang up. Here's pop it. Hello. Chief, you lost everybody there. Evidently, yeah. Listen, I want you to enjoy your vacation. Thanks. What's thing I called about? It sounds like stumpy. Yeah, it's an x-crotter. But I do have a request. Is this stumpy junior? No, it's me. What did the other guy just want to hear that? I forgot to write down. What did he want to hear? Movement number two. Oh, Volkane. What did he want to hear? Similar. Yeah. Which is the rainbow number five. They just wanted to line up. Okay. I'm going to leave a plan by the back. I think sounds good. It'll kill a little while. I'll get a loan from Apollo Creed. I love you. Okay. Okay, Neil, have a good trip. I love you. I love you. Thanks. Okay, that's something junior, by the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T, World of Slaw. Where's all the women out there today? Last, that's what it's a problem is. Do you believe that? No. No. Just another one of these dead parents. You just want to pick against the brick wall every now and then. We had that week and a half. Then like I said, my Robert was on a phone. When did they do Friday? All lot of nine lines were smoking for three solid days. What do you think that was? Who did they like, Robert? Maybe all the Jews talk when Robert is. They knew he's a Jew. He's around here somewhere. We can get them out. No, no. No, no. No, he was. He actually did a good job. And just because he got red in the face, I would sit down and say hello and he'd be laughing and puking. Yeah. Maybe he's not kosher anymore. Maybe he had a cheeseburger, finally. I hope not. Oh, that'll kill you two by the way. No, that's okay. You just don't need to bread. Do people out there drinking your diet sodas right now in the middle of the show? Let me say it again. Stop. Stop. I'm begging you. What are you doing? What are you doing? Huh? No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. Good afternoon. Yes, you're. How are you doing? I have a comment. I'll hang up a little bit of your comment on this. Okay. I was looking through the internet this morning about the Eta-Faircrash. Right. There's an English speaking. Egyptian newspaper called Cairo Times. And you'd be slant from the fundamental aside of this is two. One that the plane was actually shot down by the U.S. Air Force to kill the Egyptians on the plane. And secondly, which is my personal favorite. The two right. The second, which is my personal favorite, is that the black boxes were found several days ago brought up change thrown back into the ocean. And then found. This is CairoTime.com. Fast-saving little publications to read online. Excellent. What is it again? Give me the website. CairoTime. Together. CairoTime. T-I-M-E-S. CairoTime.com. Got it. Thanks. There you go. It's another one of those American-Conspiracies. That's what they're saying over there. I mean, why didn't they just fetch up? You had a crazy era. Was that unusual? No. Crazy era. Oh, when you get out of here with that Ricky Martin, she's going to float away in these sense of the pose. Yeah. The one where she's got her leg spread. Line face down. Look, they finally labeled her. Right. The green eye. They got was right. The cuban's all. And even the Puerto Ricans love those cut fights. 26 pass-notes. 560 WQM. The Neil Roger show. You've sports radio. 560. You. Hey. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. Here. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. Yeah. There. There. There. I think I'm going through the Bumblebee to raise your place. So I'm going out alone and I'm all through the Bumblebee. I got to through a little bit of a day for a song like me. I can make my hiding nice and clean. I don't have to push time, it's good to roll when a movement side to side. I've got to join it, pose. I never have to spray, it comes out of the hole. It looks a little like that to zero. I'd wait till the last, it's way to the line. I don't think I'll be burning calories because never as a kid of the red ring. That's why the black guy who can't do the exact same thing as the Bumblebee. I'm not a fun, when they do the Bumblebee. I'm going to open up her too. Hey, look at me, Alex! I'm doing the math. Hey, what the hell is going on? You're going to be on the way with me, shut up and stop it. And then, let's go. I'll kill up and out. Absolutely. Now you can get a bit. This is the rainbow-forming side. Oh, you. This gun, rainbow still alive. I want to make movies for him side. I like they go in great pain. It was broke. I unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew. Rainbow 2 was an 85-late. Rainbow 3 was an 88. She was. That's what it is. My gun. I did not make movies with my son. He had been saying she was in Rocky 5 and daylight in the tunnel movie. I was a big cashy for what I mean. I got to get a little more on the power queen. I got to have a lot of them movie or Broadway show like that. I mean, I hit the body of the spot, coplay, and we're still doing it. I get to understand. My whole life is about to take it. Oh, I got left this channel both like them. Let me get jealous. I need to make rainbow 4 by. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it. I like comedy. Action. And, gentlemen, the only thing I will not do is have sex with a lover. So give me a break for good news, sake. I used to get over it. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man selling politics. Basically I have an unemployed chipset. I don't know if they can't get a loan from the power queen. I got to have a lot of money. Or Broadway show like that. I mean, I get to know what I have a spot, coplay, and it was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to take it. All I got left is just a private. That's why I really did it. I need to make rainbow 4 by. I need to make rainbow 5 by. I need to make rainbow 5 by. I need to make rainbow 5 by. I need to make rainbow 5 by. How are you doing Neil? When was this? K-Paso. I'm not a co-spot. I love you, I'm listening to you on the internet. Really? Yes. Now where is Tamalipas? Okay. You know where my calendar text is? No. Just the border. Okay. Just across the border. Just across the similar G-Likes sneak back in and across the back and forth. Are you legally? A lot of small dogs and dogs across good. We're a pair of that Colombian stuff. It's getting really stale. I think I got a friend out of Florida. Right. I see you were down here. I guess. We're about four a lot of them. Oh, I have four a lot of them. Thank God you got out of there. It's getting older by the minute. Right. What? I don't even. Excellent. Spread the word pal. I have to came your head as well. Okay. There you go. Call from Mexico. I didn't like that. See what I get out of here. This is the only thing they miss. They miss. They will. So what do you think about my doing a show from Amsterdam? Of course I wouldn't see you anymore. There's another good reason to do. I mean, seriously. When they're big, and then every day you come in and like, oh, they're the Elves that you hear. I'm like, somebody smoking in the background. Somebody's puffin' on something. So anyway, we're a nice card here. I got it. You know, I got 16 birthday cards this time. Oh, all time record. Wow. I mean, you know, it doesn't sound like a lot. I'm talking about here at work. I'm not talking about at home. Are good for a theory. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. Griffin. That's her. Send me a beautiful card. Were they beautiful thing on a front page? Says, what was having miss you endured so much. Love your pal, Terry. Griffin, and she's got all these old pictures from the IOD days. Our old buddy Adams in there. Who along with his girlfriend is fiance. I don't have time to carry any more, but nevertheless, they carried enough to come by a spec, which was nice and who else is in there? Fil as in there? Fil Henry? Are you sure he's in there? You're not even on tape. He's in there like life. Little Andy Calbs in there? Remember little Andy Calbs? Uh, I was in. Suddened wife? Sudden wife? Pam? Cheryl. Did you share a little bit? Cheryl, were you in there? Are you doing Cheryl? I hope you share all the other. I mentioned that. She said, fuck, do you? No, she was a, she had a bad time in Italy because she was with people of sluppers. But anyway, yes, who else is in there? That's it? D, I'll pose a voice. Oh, yeah, D, the real salesperson that family, right? D, what was it, Gerazo? Lanelees? How come his name was Rick Alpern, but her name was D, Gerazo? You know, they were married. Oh, she's probably so embarrassed. I was going to say it. Here's a mobile and pop-in, oh, hello. Hi, Neil? Yes, sir. Third time trying to call you today. I was on before and then kind of met a call in my vlog. Okay. Don't be shy. I was passing a church this morning and we have a big bulletin board in the front with a saying in the front. I thought you had to hear this from a church. Yeah. In pop-in, though, on federal highway. Truth does not need a defender, only an investigator. This is on the church. Yeah, well, we're investigating right now. In fact, I think the church probably needs to be investigated. Is that, is that unbelievable? It's incredible. It's incredible. You know, we need a black web. Unbelievable. We'll be over there for a match tonight. Did you read in the paper, yes, I ended up in the Sunset moment in their editorial section, and I always were scanning for... Yes, I did about the O.J. and Neil, yes. No, no, no. I got the drug credits. No. Alexander Hague of all people is behind this. There's home drug systems. Children. Yeah. So now parents can test their children for drugs. Yeah, the Ababran drug testing, home drug testing, kid. Yeah. Just incredible. I mean, it's like... Just remember he isn't charged. Just keep that in mind, sir. He isn't charged here. And you've yielded to take the test when you want to or not. This is a scary situation. You have to be careful now where you're paying. Because your kids are going to be taken. Now, I'm on my way to Amsterdam. You can pee on a street if you want. They don't get upset. Really? I highly cardboard a little bit. What time of day would it be for you to do your show in Amsterdam? 4-8.0. Perfect. 4.0. 4.0. Sounds pretty good to me. You don't see Europeans. Stop late. Don't you see no problem. So you have your FNOC FNC FNC. Right. How a nice and fresh. Sounds good to me. Thanks, everyone. Thanks, everyone. Thanks, everyone. Starting in December by the way, Neil from Amsterdam. Then we'll get her on the 80's here. I'm Tonya. We'll have Alan in the background making all kinds of sounds. I'll kind of cross the top. Yeah, like that. I'm a fat Jew. Well, that we know. 5-6-7-0. 5-6. Keep 5-5-6-8. You got something there being an Amsterdam on on there by the way, Alan. He gives us the key to the apartment. And he's going to be there. It's not that we don't want to see you. We knew Japanese girlfriend, but we don't want to see you. Clear out. When in doubt I'll clear out. Don't take it personal, but we need to use it. I don't know for what. 24-1-5-6-8-WQ-1. I hate the Irish. Farpling Plot News, couple of people. Start. We don't spend Jamaica in the town of being. They got the best in terms of that you have for a ride. As anybody in that table of work, they tell you this country where the country is. You can't protect yourself. And from my yellow way, you can detect these men. I'll stop. I like it. Stop. You can't stop. Stop. Stop. He likes the fates. He's like the spurs. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Look at him. Stop. Stop. Stop. I like it. I like it. I can't jump you good. You'll be carry like the girl in the gun. You'll be back. Smoke it every day until you're long so like. With all the funny that we have made. Jamaica does some need and a foreign day. A marriage and a fuller stomach here and say. Got nothing like this in the group. And they smoke. Yeah, no. Smoke. Guns smoke. Smoke. They light up this cliff and talk. They begin to confess. Smoke. Guns smoke. Smoke. The gun's very good. I'm not tellers on you are a rough man. You like to smoke to join us if whenever you turn. Okay. Then if you put something here from miles around. So bite me for a few. Bite me. Answer me. Ask the man. Is it a horror? I'm not your right. You can't be good tonight. And then there's smoke. Smoke. Guns smoke. Smoke. They light up this cliff and talk. Smoke. Guns smoke. Smoke. Smoke. Guns smoke. They guns every foot. A ride. Come on. What were these six to five months? Come on. Come on. This is from the new Playboy magazine. Oh my God. I can't all be from parade magazine. Anyway, it's the generals loophole by Peter McWiniams. Drums are cripples refortists. Oh. In his most recent round of unintended self-imulation drugs are very macafer effectively nullified drug testing from marijuana users nationwide. Are you familiar with this? In a move that he hoped would bring the medical marijuana movement to its knees, the retired general instead gave pot smoker's legal cart blast to fail every year when test they take. How do you like that? All right. Here's how it happened. This past you lied. The drug enforcement administration of the E.A. with an odd from the FDA reclassified the prescription drug Marinol, which is synthetic THC the most psychoactive of marijuana's many cannabinoids. Marinol was removed from schedule two the most restrictive category of drugs available by prescription to schedule three. The change makes it much easier for doctors to distribute the drug notably, not they can outphone or fast prescription safarmoses and provide for as many as five automatic repills every six months. They also won't have the DEA looking over their shoulder reach ten they read a prescription Marinol. The care for e director of White House office of national drug control policy used to be classification to again attack the idea of marijuana is medicine calling Marinol the only safe and proper way to make THC available to the public. This action will make Marinol which is scientifically proven to be safe and effective for medical use, more widely available. Marinol. The care for e said implying that marijuana itself is not safe or effective despite much evidence to the contrary. Experts estimate. At least the potential for Marinol is the treat chronic pain. It's enormous. It's a expert systematically 75 million American suffer from chronic debilitating pain. This includes pain caused by cancer arthritis, migraine headaches, and severe back injuries, and just imaginary pain. 75 million. That means nearly half the adult population of the US is properly and legally entitled to Marinol and by extension free from the burden of passion clean urine. There is no legally recognized test that distinguishes between the synthetic THC of Marinol and the natural THC of marijuana. Once it tests the obtained prescription from Marinol and shows it to the drug testing authorities, THC levels in urine, hair, saliva, and sweat no longer indicate a failed drug test. The test comes up dirty but the prescription washes it clean. It's like washing your sins away. Employers aren't able to say you can't use Marinol if you work here because it is a illegal and now widely prescribed drug. Marinol would come and become as big as Viagra. Marinol is a great high-tooth, as rather like eating hash brownies. And I think about driving on it. Marinol's make-risk suggests you take your first dose only in the presence of a responsible adult. You know what we're talking about? So when it's cool attempt to keep an ancient medicine from modern sufferers, contrary, various created to loophole that allows all users to use the drug-a-choice and keep their jobs. And make sure this bugs for you is what it's saying. From Playboy Magazine, let's hear it. It's on Barry Rimes with Scary. Oh my god, look at this. I thought he gave me up. I have to mention online, health at 15 and a half. How you doing Ted? It was an ugly ruby round that it was being spread by a friend of my mother. You were mentioning me on the air. Well, I was wondering if you just turned your back now as the market is soaring and going to do a high-tooth, you'll be finally hit on something good. And you turned your back on your old friends or one. Yeah, fair market friend. Yeah, you're right. Fair market friend, right? In 1983. We're looking for safe haven now. Are you? Yeah, not no. Well, I just took all my stuff and gave it to somebody who's supposed to know what he's doing. Although he's left down, I think. You got a blind trust? Yeah, something like that. Yeah. I think it's TV, I wonder, somebody like me. Hey, you know, I saw Joe Keren in seven o'clock this morning. Do you got this thing with him, huh? No, I don't have anything for joining with, you know, he's a good guy. But seriously, he was on his seven o'clock this morning. He's on longer, longer hours. I already asked you to see him a cotter. He must live in that joint. And there was after hours trading, extended hours trading. Right. I get worse and worse. Yeah, you don't tell me that you guys aren't making a fortune there. Come on. I guarantee you're making more than I am. I guarantee it. Really? Oh, yeah. Without a doubt. But why? You got it from any inside of all this bogus in for making a fortune. I'm going to win. Let me get on your turn. I'm not allowed to trade the bogus in for making a fortune. You're not? Why not? We're very carefully restricted in terms of what we can do. We're allowed to buy into the GE 401K. If we do any trade for 100 points, that's that. Up 36 is the standard in a poor four and a half. Everything keeps going up. Yeah. GE is down today. Actually down 278 right now. To 130 or something? 138, tri-6. 138. I saw GE at 91. A little playback. A little money coming also. GE at 91. Well, this is $47 higher and you're sitting here. You're crying the decline. I had a 72. I got what did I do? I sold it at 72. I bought it at 72. I have what I got. I got to bought yours. I had a G-X. I had a G-X. I had to go back in like short covering at 83. I refused to sell now. I bought your 10 shares. That was it. That's 72. Look at I made a killing made a few grand. I got to tell you this guy went to his name. I've burnt now him. No. He writes some kind of a radio thing about all you got. Anyway, he's been sending me video tapes. I've been watching your old... Was it from Wami? Oh, that's awesome. You have... No one did you have them called. Jesus Christ. That would change anybody away. No. How do you like the production value on that thing? I'll show you like this. I was wearing it. That was exactly the chicken hat and the taste of that. It was always great stuff. It was lovely. I never looked better in my life. So are you going to be doing that again? I hope not. I'm not writing. I've been sewing options. I got off that damn thing. They have. Doing really great. So they can have... I got to actually be able to see you push the buttons and activate all the other stuff. There you go. You know what we need to do? I bet your 10 would love to have one of these keychain. I would. Wait. Yeah. Right in the middle of... We could be having a little difficulty in the market someday. You get a little bit of a scared of market stock drop and you could play. Oh, right there you go. That would be great. Absolutely. As we see the panic spread, is there someplace that George can say you want to use what you think of your address? Absolutely. Excellent. And take care of yourself and tell Joe to get some sleep. I will do that. And I'm coming down in the next month. I'm going to play and come visit and watch the circus in close. Please do and bring some good tips for us. And like the bridge is like the Memorial set. Bring some good tips. Okay. Hang on Ted. Good to hear from you. Okay. Give him something. Give him a boar. Yeah. That's great. Send one of these damn things to Ted David. We'll be famous on CNBC. Not too big in this town anymore, but we're big on N. Plus Jimmy Johnson. He's an asshole. Just show. How do you like that? Just when you thought you were losing it. They had all abandoned you. You know what I mean? I see. It's only a ten-to-nune thing. It was those tapes together. From noon to two. We're doing okay. You don't understand Pete. You believe that Pete? No. No. I just want to make you feel better. Here's a top of it. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. Right. I was just wondering. How long have you asked you who you're listening to be between ten and noon? Who would you say? I would. I would. I would go to the other one. Who would you say if somebody says, well, who do you listen to be between ten and noon? I would say you. Yeah. Let's see. I don't really care who you listen. Just tell me. Okay. Because I'm an old man. I need to help you know. What I did when I knew it. No. Just an old man. What's that? What's that? What's that? What do you mean? What's that? Why is that on a stupid talk there allowed to say bull shot in F, but you're not on that? They're not. They're not. They're just. I don't know what it is. They're just out of control. They're not. I thought somebody was showing some money out in high places. No, they absolutely are not. In fact, maybe they will be to the SEC pretty soon, but they keep it up. Really? Yeah. We got a spy report on that earlier. Oh, and not only that, but I guess it got to live last night. And they played the tape again this morning. And it got on again. So it goes to show you they're not even listening to it. They're not listening to it. They were listening to it. They were listening to it. They were not listening. They were not listening. Exactly. For the all requesting. You'd like to request the, the, put solution in the basket. Medley song where it makes, I want to look more like a woman. That's something like that. The song? Yeah. They're like the little medley song. What is that called? It puts the lotion in the band. That's a song? Yeah. Are you serious? I haven't played that in so long. I don't even remember it. I think you're dreaming. No, it's the, it's the, it's off. Okay. I'll find it for you. All right. Thank you. Motion song. Oh. Well, say I don't, I don't spell lotion with an eye. Maybe you do, but with a, uh, eye eye eye eye. It puts the lotion in the basket. It makes it all up. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts them both the yellow. It puts the lotion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket. It doesn't have to hold it out. It puts the lotion in the basket. It's what I have to get. It puts the lotion in the basket. It will rub it on my brother. It puts the lotion in the basket. I have to try to eat my skin so far. It's the lotion in the basket. I said, I said, I said, I like to dance around this way. Oh, I like to dance around this way. Oh, I'm not scared today. I'm a, I want to look for a, like the wolf. My name is Pablo Viel. It puts the lotion in the basket. It makes it all up. It puts the lotion in the basket. I over my pp. It puts the lotion in the basket. Oh, much does it go. It puts the lotion in the basket. I got my skin so people are like, I see. That's why it's good. This is the silver question. Once in a while. Not too often. I want to remember, we got 30,000 different pieces of material in here. What the hell they all were. We haven't played that in a long long time. Long time. And of course, it's going to be real interesting. Mercedes, I don't want to ask a question. You know, you're worried about getting your bonus, but it is November 18. George Corso is like working on anything with the people from the DCS so that we're maybe we don't lose 30,000 pieces of stuff on a year when the New Year changes when the phoning millennium comes. Oh, George just went. Like that. 1256 at 560 WQM. Wake up with the first team. George at the park. Since he goes, you know, we've been ordering some sex. Only on sports radio, 560 QA sounds. Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. He is me. He is proof. In fact, he hates all of you. And his mother too, because George has a dirty heart. Like two swings with the trick and the title on his lips. I just think it was with. He caused George as a dirty team on a ride. Or hey, no time to hear you. Why he would rather stay his rolejie for. And you're watching what you say are empty with a two-tay. Don't get in his way because George has a dirty heart. He is a friend of those, but won't keep guys and fries you. He uncertains sides. Just just you. And if you annoy him to, he is a f***ing you. He hugs George. Why don't you read 560 WQM? I was having such a good day. You know what I said? I looked up their discreeming. Guess who's on much music. Will Smith. Oh my god, I would rather die than ever see him again. What is that? Why do I have such a thing? Is it because he's blacked at it? Oh no, I'm there a lot of black people. A lot of very nice black people. All the jet sucked. Look at that. We got some great jet sucks teacher. I love those. They're beautiful. Oh, that thing. Great. Miguel was in here right hand in those. I gave me a big smile. Said you're okay. And that's a bad day state. And he's a good guy. Yeah, we made a total changing. And we got Chris Reed is a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a really, really still a good guy. And you know there's never been any notification. Have you noticed that there was never a memo that says. Chris Reed's no promotion guy and Sam is out. There's never a memo of that. The Miguel is his assistant. Right? But that's the way. Yeah. Sorry. So those are a whole bunch of jet sucked teachers. And what are we going to do with those? Give them out around the building. Oh. I was thinking to some going on vacation tomorrow. I won't be here. You know those back people. We take it to the front row for December fifth. Thank you. T-shirt time. Side teacher time. We love you. How come did T-shirt time do our T-shirts? No, see that's why they suck. Well, I'm sorry. No, they do. They suck. And I apologize for that. But again, see I'm always heading outside. I don't want to start with a set of one thing again. By the way, the number is and they will take you order and get your stuff. 9 5 4 5 6 3 36 100. 9 5 4. That was a good one. 5 6 3 36 100. Set a one. You go to specs and get the CDs and cassettes. And you can also check out Neil Rogers dot com. Eric, great job Eric. We love you. On our website, Neil Rogers dot com and order all your stuff off of there. But the T-shirts, if they would have had the thing from the front of the CD cover or the cassettes with me with the Pope Alfred on and the schmoth on ahead, we'd have sold a million those. But again, nobody acts me. Thanks a lot, Dara. We'll get back to you, Dara. Here's Hialia, hello. You hear that, sir? Yeah. Go ahead. Give your face shot. What's the hell is it? It's the little bit of light from that new planet they just found. Uranus 2. Kind of like the cheat allowance too. Okay, well, we can't talk to him. Line 8. Well, this is the maybe now. And then just that you can barely hear it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on 18 T line 8 7 7 7 8 5. And that was online 8 by the way. Okay, for people that think it just line 4 9 7 those who really keep track. We got a lot of groupies out there. People like keep track of those things. Certain days which line was screwed up, which line actually was working at that set of and so on. We do have people, though, that's sick. Don't worry. Yes, we do. I wish our inside people kept track as much as some of the people in the audience. Are the inside people keeping track? No, they're taking any attention. Are they getting this phone paid off? It would be nice when I come back from vacation to have a phone that works. Is that going to happen? No. Probably when I come back to the line 9 will be gone. Probably of the first bill. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. If you're good, of course, personal money. Deptors. All right. I just want to tell you how a good day flight. Thank you. You're a pilot on this flight, by the way. I'll tell you where we're going to go. Yes, sir. I just want to bring up the date. Remember a couple weeks ago I called you and I'm trying to sell myself. Communion destroyed my property out there and come to find me. Right. I just want to bring up the date. I haven't done nothing yet. Uh-huh. I'm still remains the same. I'm a barbecue bro. Well, it's just like our phone here that we're trying to get to work in again. You know what I'm saying? We only been here for nine months. We're going to have a couple of bells. Yes, sir. With them in the minutes. Okay. Can you answer? You got it. The one when I was being called the one tells me that's required to guide. Okay. Got this secretary on the desk? You got it, pal. That can help me do a good look at you. And good look here. I do like that. Bell solve. Good guys have worked for Bell solve. Some of them that came by Saturday. It's a fact standard in the cables. How about those U of M students by the way? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We had a U of M student call yesterday. I went home and wrote in my diary. It was a pretty good guy. And when we had another guy that said he was on campus or drove by or took one course there and he's embarrassed about it and he's transferred someplace else. Something like that. And that's pretty much the kind of place that it is. You know, the student that you've heard a drive by shooting is these are drive by students. They drive by the campus. They throw a textbook out the window and then that's in and they go back home. They get to all of their as fast as possible. That's the U of M. Yeah, but that's football team. What do we got to do? I'm going to do it. I'll four games. What are we going to end? And. Why don't we have to do? Why don't we have to do? Don't you feel sorry for people who have I mean not even a scraping of a life. Not just no life, but not even like a semblance, not like a little, not a shred of a life. And we have so many of them here. Here's highly a hello. Neil, now now the Martians have landed. Yes. I want to ask you something. Martians have landed on Uranus. Yeah. Who would I actually think the Chris Moore is better than anybody who is a little. They can put on that to do the hockey. Only somebody who's a moron. Oh, come here. Yeah. Absolutely. More on. Yeah. We're going to go to that guy that called the morning show and then me again. It's ripping jigs. This guy is that Lou who used to call on at post games show. We used to suck up to Chris. Because you know that there's a high percentage of the callers. All they do was call the suck up. So because Chris Moore talked to him. Now therefore Chris was pretty good in jigs. The bad guy. You know. So jigs made a couple of a week calls. Big deal. Like at least he made some call. He wasn't sitting there doing sit down comedy picking his nose. Oh, he's like Chris Moore's. Oh, exactly. We're going to mention the old. Okay. I got a shameless request. Yes sir. Negro name Ben. Okay. Thank you. Negro name. Oh, and you know something. And thanks again to the South Alcoony for bringing us a little snack today, which is better than eating a big meal. Before we get on a plane, you don't want to do that. But we were going to have macaroni grilled at in and the hit a little problem. So it was in sick or something like that. And they couldn't bring the food day, which I'm sure they will after vacation. But nevertheless. So we missed some big black guy getting up on the table and they're in singing the song for us today. God, then. I love their food. I love the macaroni grilled. If they would just say the entertainment for like after I leave. It would be good. Yeah. Oh, yeah. They're going to sing now. Okay. See a. Oh, man. Rava. I love that guy. He was great. I'm talking about the real big shoe lucky like in La Cajra 4. Did you see that? Which one? The first one. The good one. Yes. Yes. Now what was the waitresses the not the maid? What was his name? It's name. Don't you remember when he was dressed up as the butler and he had the big shoes on? They could barely walk. That's the kind of shoes this guy had on from the kitchen. He was trying to stand up on the table. And he kept lucky. He had lucky. He had just been an Amsterdam. He had Dutch or wooden shoes on or something. He kept slipping and flying because he had those big shoes on. Those big spooky shoes on. Oh yeah my mother yesterday was going to be a lecture about that. How can you say that? I mean, oh my god. That's terrible. That's how she was a big it too. I said shut up, Kijk. 10 times one at 5. 62 a.m. 5 is 5.60. You a.m. Oh, a lot. So you're so big. Hello. This Peterson. Yes. Hi, this Bob Williams down at Surrey's boss boss. Oh, hi. How are you? Good. Hi. Are you sitting down? Yes. I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. What do you mean bad news? Um, I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now. Bob's okay, isn't he? Oh, Bob's fine. Oh. A little upset but fine. He's been a good worker for us. He's made all his quotas. His bonuses have always been in line. But we're going to have to let him go. What do you mean? We're going to have to fire him. And unfortunately, being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very Please doing. That's not very fair. It's been very well to you. Yes, he has. That's like a slap in the face. Um, I can imagine you're failing that way. Absolutely, but. Feeling that way. You don't understand. We just had a baby. Yes, I understand. We have to stand up to the young. I understand. This is a very hard time to do this kind of thing. I fully agree with you. But there is something that's happened down here at the office that we can't overlook. It's an image problem. And a problem that you might want to address yourself. Um, I don't look quite out of tell you though. Why are you firing him? Um, it's a little delicate. Unfortunately, we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary. Oh, that's kind of a bit. Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point. But. It's not the heart. That's stupid. One of the best I can't believe this. Well, he's going to need your support through it. Oh, my. All right, right now, he's on his way home to you when he comes. I'm going to wait for him to be. He's not another thing coming when he gets home. I'm going to cancel off on the door. I'm proud to step aside on the front door. And he can just have it all. I'm not even going to be here when he gets back. That's kind of a bit. And now, now I don't feel so bad about this brother. Car theft is on the rocks in America. A car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system. Or protect your car from being stolen. The plot must protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben can. You'd a way from the car. Or less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system. And even less than you'd pay for the club. You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd a way from the car. Or the. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car. Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd a way from the car. More than. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with. Although he really doesn't say much. You'd a way from the car. More than. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got into protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My name is Edison Tech great. There have been a lot of cars. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. You'd a way from the car. More than. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better as I go. Call now 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this. You'll hear this. You'd a way from the car. More than. 1-800-1-B-I-G-U-I-G-U-I. Just to control me. Just say that minogamy is strictly for the birds. 5-6-70-5-60-ton-5-60 on it. Here's the 4-Mirers. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Pretty good sir. Hey, first time I'm calling or love your show. All right. Just want to be developing. Yeah, real thing over there in 4-Mirers. It's kind of scary. Well, don't talk about it too much. Just let all the people in Browden date. Not know anything about Fort Myers. That way, they don't move over. It's over on the weekends. They're not going to use our beaches. Oh, you don't have to get to worry. Well, I tell you, we have our Julios cut the grass, wash our cars, not run in our town. Yeah. We support our hockey team. Right. The only thing he's done over there is the Panthers and you people don't know it. Yeah. But love your show and go Panthers. Okay. Thanks, pal. And God bless Ray Whitney. Oh, God bless Ray Whitney. Maybe that's what we're going to remember. We said something like that. And you know what that Jason Taylor Spot would play just before the break ended there. And every other word was hanging out, hanging out too. No wonder Jimmy likes this show. Because I'm the only guy in town. Well, it was your rose. I got to give him a credit little box. He was the one to tell me the Jason Taylor is hung like an elephant. Oh, yeah. They're always kidding them over at camp. We know we're after the games when they're in the show. We're together like we're doing all the other reporters. Well, show with the guys, yeah. What do you got in your trunk, Jason? 877-785-Neal 787-775-6345. I'm kind of like a shocked. Jimmy Johnson. He's an asshole. Listen, and likes this show. That's amazing to me. Oh, there's the, and if you've got those Ray T-shirts, Jets suck. Not a, not a dozen, just a suck once. But like, it says Jets and Green. And that says suck in orange, like small. And then a medium and then a real big suck. And of course, there's nothing like a big suck. 560-505-60, pon 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Good evening, Tony. Patience is sometimes a virtue, and I think today, on my case, it is. Oh, my God, 48 minutes and 50 seconds. That was a record. Yes, it is. For me, it's special. How did this happen? I don't know. I don't know. It's storage. He hates my gut. Okay. Two things. The other day, I, you had me in Stitcha so bad. And I couldn't call because I had to go someplace. When you mentioned putting your computer in the pool, yeah. I thought I was going to die after I was going to tell you something. There is nothing in the world more aggravating than a computer. Neil, Neil, you don't understand. I can't even use my pool. It is so full of TV remotes. Another very simple drone. Yeah. Electriding. You tell him, oh, yeah. It's a straight shot from the chair. Right to the pool, like 16 feet. So I don't know. I think it's going to work. Right to the pool. But I did something better than I yesterday. I sent it back at a refund. Oh, good for you. Bring in my old one back. Hey, I highly recommend it. Second thing. I think you single-handedly, Dr. Neil, saved my life today. Yeah. About the last four, five weeks. I've been doing some unusual lifting and pool chairs with things like that for my wife. And I've been all crippled up. I mean, I'm talking majorly pain in both legs and the arms and the back and all is crap. Right. Well, several weeks ago, four, five, six weeks ago, I discovered Pepsi 1. And I've been drinking like four, five, and four, four, five a day. This morning, we were talking about the... Expertise. Expertise. I never heard of that. Muscle cramps. That's what it is. There's a rink in the damn Pepsi 1. And I said, well, what the hell are you talking about? So I read the can. That's it. So I'll have my problem. Excellent. Don't ever do it again. I put it all in the pool anyway. Okay. All right, but see you. Like to see what color his pool is. That's probably. Oh, the dog done it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. No more, no trace weight. No more aspirant time. I'm begging you, people. Are you going to listen to me? No. Okay. You'll be sorry. We'll come dance on your grave. Bring your flowers. I'll bring your panties. I'll bring your lilac for Rochester. Speaking of Rochester, our opposite New York line. Eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. They were even calling on that line like crazy last week. I don't think it was the novelty. I think it was the fact that Robert was in here. Anybody believe that? No. Sounds good. Here's a mobile in a four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. It's Lenny. How you doing? Lenny, do you know him, oh, driver? That's right. Oh, Lenny, do you know him, driver? What are you doing, Lenny? Well, I heard you were going on a trip and I called to see if you need to pick up and the ride too. That's a good idea. It's the idea, like that. Yeah, that is a good idea. You know what I heard from the other night? Who's that? About 11,000. Stanley. Rick Riley calls. Rick Riley? Yeah. Was he looking for a freebie? There's a parent's first stuck at the airport. So you need her to emergency pick up. Oh, boy. Yeah. So I thought you were doing by the way. You're doing great. I see his audiences vanished, but you know, I'm okay different. Better than I don't know about. Did he find me down? Yeah. I saw those numbers, Rick. That bad, huh? So you're going to come by and pick me up tonight or what? Because I'm sure. Did something with time? Yeah. I need to know the time. Uh, quarter to ten? Quarter to ten? Yeah. Okay. You know what I give you, I just have a phone call. No, I told you to give you. Yeah, I figured that. Do you forgot already? No, I know exactly what you're doing. Yeah, but he'll better give you again. No, fine. And the phone number in the shoe size. Exactly. Great. Thanks, Lenny. See you tonight. Hold on. And by the way, Tom, I don't tip. I was speaking to people that don't tip. Hello? I wasn't speaking to people. Why am I more to you there, right? Why? I said speaking to people that don't tip. I tip. Yeah. I can't. I said something good tips. You can't get one to carry on with you. That's what you've been tipping. I can't believe you brought that up with that. What about the whole Jimmy wants that? Why not? I've been telling you, how are you like you've been to it? Uh-huh. He's in a difficult position. I mean, what's he going to say? I understand that. He's in a predicament. But the thing about Jimmy Johnson, listen to this show and loves it. He's an aunt. I'm not just shocking, isn't it? I would love. I would love to hear him call. Right, I'm a show. Yeah, I don't think he would do that. Do you want to bet? Well, well, and what would I say to him? I have no idea. I have no idea. I don't suck up to anybody. I don't think I like that. You play every card with his name in it. Yeah. Well, he's not. I don't have any cards with his name in it. And the only thing I got, I've been, I've been, I've been one where the diceman says, Get a haircut or something like that. Did you, something with, do something with, we've got a shot. I don't have that. That's on a, uh, It's on all of it. I don't have that. Okay. All the way to get it. And I can't believe you're this in hot dog, but I'm not sure if you're going to be in hot dog. Yeah. You, you and, uh, that blue, a blue guy. You're the two fans. Now, now are you listening to James on the new abroad cast? I've heard of the, you two are the only guys who listen to radio since all of games are on TV. Yes? No, with my card, you listen. And he's good. He's good. He was good. I mean, he's all right. He's an improvement. He's, he's, he describes the game. He describes the game. But I, I still think that, uh, Oh, please don't say it. Please. If you're going to tell me Christina Moore on was a hockey. But then I, I'm not, I'm not saying it all. Well, what are you saying? What are you saying? Chris Moore wants more. It's your team. Forget about the game. Oh, yeah. If you want to forget about the game, I guess he was very entertaining, right? Listen, have a great trip. And have a good day. Five, six, seven, five, 60, five, 60, 60, 60, and D-line. And of course, 877, 785, Neil on a poor Harvey Junior line. 877, 785, 6345. He named the second spot of the way for getting a line for him to call in though. I'm grateful, bastard. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wouldn't like to bring up with something that, uh, I'm very jackass with this one. Yes, sir. Very jackass on the calm today. Yeah, you did. Great. Five, six, seven, five, 60, if he had one, maybe he could do it, but I doubt it. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT-T line. That's about a year's far to friends. Another one of those wild cones. I'll tell you, you know, I mean, those, um, all kinds of things. Because we have a lot of, about two, three blocks below my neighborhood. Were they having chopped all the trees? It's like a wild jungle out there, you know? No, sir, the end. There's a lot of very dangerous, uh, because they're rabbit. They're wild possums and those, the wild cones. But we're kind of cleaning it out. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT-T line, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five on the nationwide line. Heard from Ted David, Ant Paul, Harvey, Junior, and one day. Oh, pretty exciting. And from Mexico, to no less. One, twenty, six, and five, 60, QM, we got Hank in the studio. He's in the building, as you heard. He's going to have, you know, at five, for a cool hot line at six. And the panthers at the San Luis Blues, they kicked the crap out of the Blues. This is a teacher for reading the Leafs Center on the last night. God damn it. Somebody said it teach the Leafs. You know, somebody better tell Pat Quinn. We know you don't like the new over time rules, but the fact is at least save the point. Okay, salvage the tie. When it's that late in the game with woman and left, don't give up a goal late in the game. Don't go blowing it. Play for like at least get to one point. Then lose it over time like the Bruins game. That sounds so bad. I looked up honey. All the time, I said the Render's straight about not wearing Jordan's boots. Some people say, and there knows it's on a children's territory. If they need to, they'll smack them so much to point. The property doesn't look can't, and George Bush is fine. Yeah. So what if he's gonna have a line? Well, he's a bad damn candidate. That's the amount of who I don't care if he's upset a man who has a clean, who was at the ticking mine. Yeah, my God. He's too much. He did a line. I guess I just don't understand what they do. We've had many residents in the office who have done her own thing or another. Like Gerald Moore, for instance, obviously he was on the ground. Otherwise, why was he falling down? What was that? I think Jimmy Carter was there. He was still up to my skull. He didn't even know they were out of just for the first day. Well, he did. Why even way back to what you could be? I believe the only reason he jumped down the cherry tree was because he had the mud juice. What did he say? What did he say? He said, he had the mud juice. 132 at 5.60, WQAM. And 5.60, 505.60, on the AT&T wireless line. Don't forget George will be here tomorrow. Next week. For all you swingers out there. All you old swingers. Oh, hey. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Anya, how are you doing? Pretty good sir. You know, I've been listening to you for about eight years. I think you're a great talent. This is the second time I called you in the past two and a half years. First time you hung up on me? Yes sir. I think you're going to feel like it's going to be going to do it again. Okay. Well, I just wanted to start with that. I had a feeling it probably will. Well, this is not the lead I called to before. I've got Christina Moore. This is the lead I called after the FHD memory. Oh, it's not like why I played at that. I apologize profusely. You have to apologize. The reason I got on here, almost every night was because I knew something about what I was talking. No, because nobody else was calling. No, no, no. So serious. I'm not going to call. Lou, come down. It's not that I'm not going to what you had to say. But the fact is because you were certainly better than Debbie on a mobile who went well, but new nothing. But the fact is they didn't have it. Why do you think they don't do it anymore? They stopped doing it because there weren't any calls. In fact, there were nights that they didn't. They were trying to do it and they couldn't. I mean, how many hockey calls do you hear on the sports shows here? You've bursted my bubble now. You know, I thought that I was getting out of my bubble. No, you got on because you knew your stuff. I mean, I'll make you feel better. Well, you went. What do you think of you? I think you did. I think you should have kept them in Waffle. You want to know something. You probably can hang up on me this soon. I'm going to go. Do you want to play? Do you want me to hang up on you? No, I don't want you to. Why do you keep saying that? All right. But I just go do one night. Do play by play? Yeah. I never heard a play by play like that before in my life. I was good. But now I'm going to want to push him for him to get the job. You work. Yes. Which is probably why he didn't get it. No, the reason he didn't get it is because of the built-in story as you know, and jigs go back with the islanders. Just like these pot fans and it's all an incest. It was thing, you know that. Yeah, you're absolutely right about the, you're absolutely right. But I thought it was good. I thought he did well. And actually the first time I heard him was standing in line. We need to get a bottle of water bottle of water. Right. On night at the game, I am a season taking all the. But I got a thing. I, I really think jigs just can't say who scored the goal. Yeah, he scores. Yeah. That's like who scored everything. But at least he tells you somebody scored. That's true. I'm like a machine of who wouldn't tell you anything. You just hear that. I got one question. The answer. Where do you think the Panthers are going on? The plane in a week's division? Where do you think the guy I don't want? I mean, it looks to me like they're going to win the division. I'll look here a lot of feet out of our last night. But one day I was going to make a lifetime. I mean, they're not really playing all that well. Still like at all these points in their first place. So who knows? Yeah, you're right. So I'm sorry. What are you, Mary? Is there that always get prepared for the big dive. Never get too cocky. Exactly. And you know, keep doing what you're doing. You're a funny guy. I think you're right up there with the best. And I think you should have a natural show. I don't know why. I mean, do we have a problem at conversation? Oh, but he just had this feeling. Once burned, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, you know something. Let me tell you about those candies. Seriously, they're delicious. They're fantastic. But just to eat too many. I had only three. I had one earlier before the show. And I just had two more. And all of a sudden, oh, wow. I'm picking. Well, we got only 25 minutes. And I already played Denis Lurini. And he asked what song once. There's other long stuff for there. There's other meal. No, we're not playing on me. I mean, I also, that's possible around the list. That's going into my falls with the jigs and the young Neil. It was a funny bit the first 40,000 times, not even a sticker. Or a cart bar. I do like cart bar, though. Aren't you? Huh? That's going to be our poll question tomorrow on Georgia show. What's your favorite candy bar? Sandmajor's coming to do that show. Yeah, anybody have a milky way dark. A milky way dark. Poor Stan. Hey, Stan, where's my two grand? There'd ought to be worth about 40 grand now. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, shallow. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Where's your pretty good? What is your cart bar, sir, Grace? Yeah, yeah. I do like butter fingers, too, though. Yeah, they're good, too. And if you've been in Canada, I like crunchyies. I've never heard of them. Hmm. Oh, well. I've got honey. They're like chocolate on the outside, like honeycomb on the inside. Oh, boy. And melt in your mouth. I'll bet it. Yeah, right. I'm the one that sent you to practice this morning about the scientists for the God. Yeah. The scientists in God. Yeah. For the scientists that they don't need God anymore. Oh, come on. Tell me, is it getting? I think we were done reading it. I don't know. I mean, I'm in the middle of the car. Oh, I don't know. I hope you did. Oh. Yeah. What did it say after that? The scientists got together and they called God that they don't need to call. Oh, no, I did read that on the internet. It was okay. Yeah, okay. I was amused by it, but the audience would have been upset. It wasn't. It wasn't. No, I don't mean upset. They just didn't. They wouldn't have gotten it. Okay. I thought it was cute. It was cute. Have a good trip. Thanks. It was cute. Mildly. Yeah. 560, 50, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, that's me. Yes, sir, that you. K.S. Nilo. See how you're doing. Pretty good. It sounded like you're on a roll. You're pretty happy. Pretty happy today. You want me to walk with him getting a hell out of here for ten days. Yeah, I know. How are you, baby? How do you know how Hollywood is, Mike Langwood, say? All your listeners are afraid you're going to leave for good. Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. You're mentioning this morning where all your listeners are going to go when Georgia's on the air. And unfortunately, I'm going to listen to my friend Phil. Are you sure? Yeah. I am so sure. He's only on though from Phil noon. I'm sure that's true. And to upset the listeners even more, I recommend they see stigma up. Yeah. With father-in-a-o-tool. Okay. And uh, in closing. No! What is this? Father-in-a-o-tool. Okay. I have a really big trousers. I have a really big trousers. I have a really big trousers. Yeah. That was really, really. That was really, really. Yeah. Because I can relate to you, pal. I only wish. I might be able to go on property and I'm trying to get up out of the chair. What is he qualified out, huh? When he's in the chair. When he's in the chair. When he's in the chair. When he's in the chair. As a boy, he's retrieving up real socials. That's been solved. He's taking me to self-esteem. People that watch him. We're men of fair brown. They're green, they're in diesel. What are not shivering? Some say he's been left. They're not gonna talk to him. Not much to look at. But I ain't looking at the smell. Just a little too much. That's all I'll do to slow. It's not who just a little too long. But while he's grown in. I feel the moment I'm in. He's got a really big trousers. He's got a really big trousers. He's got a really big trousers. He's got a really big trousers. That's what can make me a just with them shout. He's got a really big silver trousers. He's got a really bigっちゃ.. The Japanese hurt, finally, playing 24-2 at 5-60 WCW. Holy makin' on! This is Joe Bowling, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority, Neil God! Well, as you've heard of the past months, that right-wing times seem to have the last day, about day. Just when you're facing the foolish, can you wait? You need to go watch from the wild side, or be calling for a new day. For a day, just like this day. Or, we started to think loudly, but waiting for substance in college days. Yes. Okay, hey. Come to the church like a silly poofy day. And back to the late day of lifestyle, in the lot of room one day, for a day, or a day. Although now everything went well, the train pulled up well to the valley to the moon, or to the moon. So you know that kindly to the rich young people, be telling you to do as I say, not as I do. So like I say, the rich, not as I say. Wait, those top-on, that 146 and 560WQM-560, 750560, the other town line, we had some tremendous call on it today. Have a way? No. Now, I pull her with Junior, like I said. 877-75, Neil 877-756345. Good calls from my four miles, though, most of them. I'm not saying great, but I mean, like living in breathing people over there for a mile. We've heard that. There got to be 40-50 of them over there. Under the age of 100. Here's a mobile and dear field, hello. Oh. Yes, sir. I need a lot of time call it. All right. Hey, listen, Neil. Have you ever tried IQ-function? For what? Timorid. Timorid? No. It's just about everything. But I do it for losing weight. For losing weight? Yeah. What are they punk you? Reck-o. They put on these little mingles just about everywhere. They put them in my stomach and my legs and my arms. Yeah. I don't know, man, but I get out of there and it feels great. And then it has really helped me out. What was that I have to do with losing weight? I don't know. It says it was. They say that, you know, actually punch your helps wake up dormant nerves in your stomach and and then direct them to you. Yeah. What do you have dormant nerves? Yeah. That helps you lose weight. I have dormant nerves. Hopefully that'll be really awakening soon. Yeah. But anyways, I think you got a great show and I listen to you every day. It's a great show and I'm on the road all day long. So, you know, you really keep me, give me a busy in other words. Exactly. Okay, pal. That's what I mean. Box for you is still good. Okay. And the needle too. Now what Dr. Watson was always saying to Sherlock Holmes, why don't we stick it in the needle too. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How are you all? And in a long time. So your real work going around time. You don't have to do it. Yeah. Yes. What about my own. Okay, great. 560, 560, 560, I mean for the first five seconds. Okay. And that's it. That's the call. Sorry. Can't spare no change, Mr. Sorry. Here's a mobile in 4-Laterdale. Bring your maximum good drugs, though, sir. Hello. Neil. Answer. A pleasure. Okay. To it, I'll. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. See this guy was already on there, but don't confuse him. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. You know, limo, Lenny. I don't Western. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I used to drive for him. I'm a limo driver still now. Yeah. He's a, he's a, he's a shifty character. Yeah. He's shifty, yeah. No doubt about it. He's got an automatic limo, but he shifts it. Yeah. There's no doubt about it. He shifts it. Yeah. I work for a different company now, but I'm. Limo Lenny's a different type of guy. There's no doubt about it. I don't know. No question. Well, that's that's why I never went in the limo. It's good to sit way in the back. So you don't even want to go in there. Yeah. Well, whenever you're ready for a new car instead of one of his old, old, uh, anti-ex. Yeah. You get jet limousine a call. Okay. Okay. And we'll, we'll take care of you. Okay. Now Jones yet. Jet limousine. Got it. Thanks. You have a good day, Nina. Okay. Have a good trip. Thanks very much. Okay. See the limo people are getting very, uh, you know, a little, uh, conflict here. That's okay. That Lenny's okay, but just make sure I don't sit in the same spot where Rick Riley doesn't. That's with no H. Now, we're okay. Just misunderstood. That's what Adam said. He misunderstood and he couldn't stand. And he wanted to hell out of their real fast. And he does does have time to care about that even his girlfriends. And then we have time to care about Rick. 560 5060, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody know where we came from? No. Anybody care? Don't. Stop caring about that crap. Let's get with the program. Okay. Let's start hearing about the and stop caring about what country you came from and what's your shoe size and that's going to allow those to be questioned. Just like George, maybe while I'm gone, he's next to shows. You can kind of like talk to originating a brain and stop worrying about where everybody came out. They part of Rick and I, they Mexican. I mean, it's a spiky. I don't worry about that. Yes, you do. The hell you don't. You're obsessed with that nonsense. You're obsessed with that nonsense, right? Just said. 9 minutes before I'm in a list of some pilaps. You can look in a young babe. Then of course, he don't really care where she come from. He just wants to know where she's coming next. 9 minutes before 2 at 560 WQAM. Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer. And you're listening to it. I'm so covered. We've definitely done 2 sports radio 560 QAM. The chairman of your hand and he's and Rick my boot. No. You're a lad, it's. I don't know if you remember me. But I was the guy's house you said on fire last year. God, I miss you. Even though you blew up my car. Can't all my hair off. I miss you, girl. But one quick question. Do you think you could let me know? When you might let me out of this pit. No one's begging for weeks, but I'm not complaining. Don't let the sun shine. Because I love you with all my hearts. But if you happen to see my mother, please let her know. I'm not dead yet. Here is land, is. I want to tell you that. So guy, you saw with your best friend. That was me. He might have looked in talk just like me. But that surely totally coincidental. I was so weird near that place. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I was so weird near that place. I loved you too much. Who's looking at anyone else. They're a land. I had a dead as to point that day. And I was so weird near the shared metal slits. Who tell? I would never cheat on somebody. Please be so good. With all those gramy sets all that bloody. It come on. Let me out of the pit. I'm happy holidays too. Because I won't be your Thanksgiving. Maybe you can bring in the bird for Thanksgiving. What do you think? No. That's bad. Here's the single lady. How are you doing? Hey, is usual you and George have a dance line. I'm pinned in my panel inies. I think I like my baby. Exactly. That's right, honey. I'm not yet. I'm looking. You'll be in the garden. Exactly. And they put in a rubber room too. That's right. You have a good trip. Say holiday and come back to it. Okay. Here's a lot of nail. Yes sir. I don't want to put you out. All right. I agree. Hello. I'm listening. Yeah. We're still stuck. He's going to be white boy. He's an asshole. He's an asshole. He's a hacker man. He couldn't sing as wide of a paper sack. He couldn't hang. He's about as funny as a heart attack. He's a piece of crap. He couldn't get a cut or I won't. He's like the pin of honor. There you go. All right, buddy. Evergreen light. Have a great trip. Thanks. Don't put me out. All right. I'm not a song. Don't put me out. Yeah. We'll submit. I just, there's just certain people. You know, I just seen them on the screen. Oh, woo. And then of course he's there with the guy named Videos. Thank God that wild wild resting. First of all, the movie was a huge bomb. Number one. Number two. The video lasted about five minutes. Everybody said, well, first of all, it's about 45 minutes long. Number two, it sucks. Another net. He makes a sick. And a winaway real fast. Almost as fast as Ricky Martin's going to go away. Even though Carlos brought in this picture from a movie. Latino magazine Latina. Oh, that's right. I'm sorry. It's Ricky. It's Latino magazine. That Latino. How appropriate. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm glad I got to you.