The 4T rating of 560 WGQAM my amy for Latterdale presents the Neal Roger GO! The Neal called 567-056B toll free for David Rower and or help 560 on yourself. The opinions of Neal is guest-polar's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGPAM, The Neal Roger is on Sports Radio 567-08F. If why are you asking? A young man, Turn 28, He scored the sweetest bag I'll have gone the next day It's too many seeds In your dime bag Getting to the party To Minutes to Lips Isn't it the chronic? Sure Don't you think It's not crazy When you come out on break It's free back When you're already safe You're always free That you've tested and you've been safe Who are the stars? You have to get it Hot, brownie That you already ate A new dawn of time A lot of trees It's like 10,000 joints When all you need is a light It's like having a feel of your tune And then finding out your thoughts 10 to last And gives me the chronic Are you sure? Don't you think A little too much chronic Yeah, I really do think It's not crazy When it's last fall You break Free back When you're already safe You're always free That you've tested and you've been safe How cool are the stars? You get it You have to be kidding me Women calling the put in their picks Pick this, okay sweetheart Oh, you have to be kidding me Women who never call this That's just this show But this radio station We'll put it in their stupid Incipit football picks Get a light lady Get a freaking light Man, probably a bunch of dikes Anyway, another reminder Gelty just told you But I'll tell you again Because we should have been talking about this Nevertheless The QAM Gold tournament is today And it's check-ins Come up at 11 o'clock This morning, the office is at 1 The cost is 300 bucks per individual $1,000 for a force in which includes this We can make sure to five some Proceeds benefits center, one Logo Morris on Broward's West of Lemingo Credit cards will be accepted So it's still not too late to participate I'd like to give a big promo for George's appearance tomorrow If I could but We got a little bit of what we got several Problems we got Gary Sarner He's an asshole We got the nephew He's an asshole And then we got Sam the Shant He's an asshole Which we'll talk about in detail Here's a mobile and baby Hello Our first call of the day Hello Hello Neil Just call the day I love you man I haven't been listening to that long But I love this show You do a great service for stop for That's I do And you're just fabulous Yes Ryan This is what I tell you you do a great job Can I hit? Can I call somebody a douchebag? Yeah Andrew, if that's important You're a douchebag but I love you Okay, there you go A little suction there The big deal of the show up there Wrong with that is there No, no Let's do the other one Here's Hollywood Hello How are you doing Neil? I have a question for you Regardless what your stance on our foretooth Death penalty Because there's a good article in the summer I know you don't read that paper Yes I do Oh you do? What do you mean what's my stance on it? Well, for gaining to the article It revolves around this most recent execution It's been delayed once again indefinitely Yeah Because the man thinks he's Jesus Christ Yeah And you're right there Oh and that He's crazy nothing Nothing that a food cake Yeah I said he's not even a food cake Son of a per se I was department Well, have you read it? Most of them belong on death Or anyway, yeah I read it So what's the deal? I didn't want to ask you I wanted to know what he thought about I say fry his hands I say lethal injection Let's stop using that damn chair up there Too many sparks Okay? Yeah, we put on injection Give a little shot and say goodbye I'm sorry Did we pass something regarding that Like if there was a problem with the electric chair Wouldn't it not Crotele any execution being the use of the needle? They said we don't care They said, well what do we do by that? I'm loaded for it You voted for what? The fact that there was a injection If there became anything unconstitutional about the use of the work for that I wonder they haven't left it on the last election When you didn't vote They had a vote on that on the electric chair Yeah Pretending to the death penalty Yes sir Yeah, and what was it about? It just pertain to the unconstitutionalities The potentiality of that regarding the electric chair That if it came to pass that that was happening Fry the rest man That's what I say, fry the rest We don't have time to do, you know what you don't say Right We don't have time to screw around with the tail Fry the rest of the head I have to get out of the car There's a little bit of pain too bad That's what it's all about And there's not a guy in there for 20 years I mean, oh my god Right, that's right All right Not did it was this guy about to say How about them dolphins when they pulled on a pull this switch? Not if he thought he was Jimmy Johnson Okay, but right there You too Yeah, I tell you one thing, those three names I just mentioned Yuri Sarner Ah, the nephew Ah, Sam the shantar We should have a three cedar is what they should have for them I'll pull the switch on that Jobs for life We got so many people who you talk about life, Ruh, the death row and life in prison We got people who have jobs for life People who give us no tangible evidence of doing anything in this place Who come and steal a paycheck every couple of weeks It's just amazing Here's another lady with her football pixel Hello Didn't you call for your football fix? Happy from How are you? Yeah I guess This is me You like this weekend Excuse me I'm going to cover me It's often been this weekend They got a pass They got a fee pass Like a few people I just mentioned They got a free pass Yes Didn't I just arrow of suckers I want to join a circus Happy circus And yes And happy prom That too That's the other one But this circus is for Saturday and Sunday Yeah And so what do you do on circus? I don't know I don't know if you eat anything special I think it's fruit vegetable And you have a circus out in the garden There's something if you're here I'll probably check out some fruit this weekend Where are you going? Huh? Where are you going? Home Huh? Home? Home? Yeah Home Make you any home A-ha-ha Scientacean Well listen Happy circus we've already Yes, thank you I don't think you I know why you're supposed to do one circus Yes And don't forget Do you follow the old so Right Okay, I'll see you Okay, bye bye I guess I'll see you too Say goodbye Okay, let's find out We got a Jew out there What you do on circus Got these Jew holidays They just came barreling along Man Start with rush your shot I'm yon kipper and circus And just on and on and on If you got any steel Home and touch and from last the week And last year So all you ladies out there with your football Picks it's not too late to call in What is that all about? Women calling in with football picks God, I think maybe very jackass I said a point Very jackass He's an asshole Oh man, wait till I get to that He's got a column this morning And you think you're fooling anybody Very good No, I think there's anybody with an IQ And then the minus column that you're fooling I just can't pay you guys You're making a try to prop up A make believe radio station that will fail By the way, beyond his shadow of a doubt That's already failing that has no audience I love the last line in berries A column where he says the number of listener phone calls Lags at times Well, I can certainly relate to that And I have an audience You see, Barry, if you have nobody listening Nobody's going to be calling Even if you have a lot of people listening Sometimes nobody is calling But when nobody is listening It's a pretty damn sure bet That nobody's going to be calling Why don't you give them a call, Barry Why don't you ever regular suck up job on their everyday Barry Jack asks sucks on the fan Every day, that would be great You can be unlike from 10 in the morning till midnight Replacing some of that high priced talent That you spent a whole column writing about again It's the 800th and Barry Jack asks There's 2,000 part series Prop it up and make believe radio station Because the Harold and he hate us like poison Because we dare to tell it like it is, you know That's Barry He's an asshole Nice picture too, by the way, Barry It's the ghost of Barry Jackson And the new Harold with their new crappy format We can't find anything this morning 9 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM How far are you? You first please There paints I don't think I'm lacking anymore You used to watch me change Now you do stare at the floor Go on there, painters I don't like the way If you could see you in me I'd play the tail in a dirty bag If you could see it That's all we needed to get in my head Now it's means things change That I think that you're the one doing their things I don't like it I don't know If they're the same thing Be right I don't think I lack you anymore When you get to drinking You put me places I've never been The doors there right now I don't like the people Why can't we just get a grip on our man The hand-relations And the turns are truly� That's how we feel If we put our hands together We just stay home forever Stay your pain I don't think I lack you last year Oh, I'm rubbing Wow, you're shaving the shaving man That's the thing I'm sick, you're wc, you've got some exciting news for your boys And girls, moms and dads here you go You're still handling our use shirt So they posted back a week That's the bad news, his syndication But the good news, the very exciting news is He's going to be on in this market on stupid talk Just like I predicted And I kind of had that in the back of my mind That they would probably do what they're going to do And why don't you help me? Give it a shot, okay? Give us a little competition there He's on from 10 o'clock at night Until one in the morning And then they're going to replay the tape I think we can compete with that, can we? No, no So they're going to have like six hours of fill-hundred day now I'm in the stupid talk Which I guess will probably cut back with our concerns Huh? So I think we're probably going to be out of business So let's go out with a big bang these last couple of weeks Here's Miami, hello You know? Yes sir I always listen to your show everyday And I'm starting to get concerned About Because you impact a lot of people's lives And I used to be even God And now I don't even got anymore And how about a derives a God? Uh-huh You know what's going to happen next? We're going to die? Yeah, we'll see you in hell You're not scared? No, are you? I'm not scared I only get scared when I get calls like this I'm crying a cullio I was going to get real scared Oh yeah, you gave it Oh yeah 560, 560, 560, 560 And that was a real law That took a real rocket scientist to figure that out You know what I'm saying? In fact as soon as I heard the voice Yeah Yeah Yeah, I came to mind By the way, we're going to have to work We all heard the build up George's appearance tomorrow Because George has dairy starter Well, give us a little information about my appearance At prime codemore from noon to two So I can promote it in dairy set Yeah And then we went to, you know, Sam the sham and then that few Try to get some information from both of them And they said Yeah Which seems to be a lot of that going around these days Uh-huh Wait till we talk about Diana Ross by the way Getting the first of the airport in the intro Oh my God, what a bitch What are the disgusting, desperate bitch Diana Ross? Who looks like by the way, not a day over 85 Here's your call from Atlanta, hello Hey, Neil Yes sir Are you doing this morning? Okay Listen, just wanted to know We listened to you up here, believe it or not on the internet I believe it And I heard your call from the thanks for hauling lady I'll tell you, you're mothed in the Neil We have to listen to locally over the airport Real towards The worst You've got some of the worst radio in Atlanta I've ever heard in my life Cox broadcasting should be sued There should be a class action suit for the crap that they put on the year on WSB It's just horrible I mean it is just absolutely pathetic Yeah But it's an insult Basically what they're saying is we think everybody who lives in the metropolitan Atlanta area is a weird Yahoo who picks their nose a lot And that's why we're going to put this garbage on here Yeah No ticking radio Pretty much, pretty much well But I guess Atlanta does have a good point compared to Miami's so And that's why we're here Yeah But I did want to give you a little info on the Out of bombings, stuff like that Well not actually on that Actually for all things Atlanta you're going to get some information on focus Yeah, okay great And what it is, it's a holiday It goes for seven eight days just kind of like kind of like a place Eight days? Yep Eight days of circus? Yeah, the eight day is actually simple as Torah Mm-hmm So you know that's like pretty much one of the two rooms God like I said they just keep keep on coming Yeah, well that's sort of like the weird score It's weird score, it just keep on coming Exactly Exactly, but it's kind of like you know a time where people actually go into buildings Boots, thousands of yards and they eat out under the stars Kind of like the Italian grotto type of deal Yeah, what are they eating? Any special? Ah, well, there's different fruits and vegetables like you were saying before But you know it's basically I don't know if there's anything really special In terms of the foods You know tips from the things that he eat on Russia, Shana But, uh, the brisket Well, yeah, what it's done always pop a brisket Yeah, always say if it did you holiday pop a brisket Yeah, cook it for 18 hours You know, it's like shoe leather Right, except on you on paper That's not a good day to eat it But any other day it's always a good day for brisket Absolutely Okay, pal All right, Neil, I just wanted to give you a hello from Atlanta See how to my good little friend Bob Neal up there and tell him he's an asshole Oh, can I call somebody a Uh, sir go ahead Okay Aaron Goldberg you're a hundred percent Lot kosher certified, oh you you know what Oh, okay, thanks So I just went Okay, there you go all the way from Atlanta We had to go to get a little information about circus Oh, so anyway about George is a Appearance tomorrow I'm gonna give you a little insight information by the way About the QA and dumb detective that ourselves department Everybody who comes to work in ourselves department is a couple of on these things It's a gadget that looks very similar to those deals that they say to go out on the on the beach You know those metal detectors we assert for coins and we're whatever metal Only it's a dumb detector Oh, yeah, and our sales department walks up and down the streets of South Florida and every now and then when they find just the right place a little Sound goes off And then they walk in the door and say And they say sign me up Just here and just hand over the money That's all they do It's amazing how many stupid people around this market that keep headed over their money of this doing and do we do anything for them? No, it's low those possible as little as we can get away with right Gary Sarner Right What a pot Here's a mobile in What is that a mobile a mobile whoops a mobile in somewhere hello? Hello, yes sir. Meals at you. That's me. Neil I have some historic happy surface I'm only in half view but I grew up in Chicago as a kid living next door to a family The father is a rabbi and to celebrate circus they always built a circus Which is a hot I'm going to add out of the a circus shack The circus shack right they they made this a little part of them said there's a sick a born every minute This is bad This is how that of branches and leaves and twigs and and fruit has a lot to do with the holiday I think the nuts and fruits and things like that over over six months But I enjoyed watching them build their sift every year and I thought That that'd be a little more important What's the purpose of it? Do you have any idea I mean They go in there and they they they eat their food and they'd also have prayer inside the soka And then I think it did last for a number of days It was quite interesting watching what's going on next door Okay, I love the family better than that of Thank you very much. Okay, thanks. It was in the happy circus happy circus everybody from your good friend W Q a n Yeah, we're out of business now. They feel happy is going to be online to do every day on tape there on stupid talk They probably figure we're peeing in our pants. Are we peeing a lot? Oh, yeah See because the interesting part of it is get paid one more the other by the way got my check today Get paid one more the other anyway. Yeah, now are they going to have somebody with a dumb detector go on by spots there Five six seven. Oh five didn't work too good at the other place and pound five sixty on the mobile line I'm not going to call it could do M. I The mobile line the colon line because I've got more information about that which your friend George over there at mobile one is a bit of be real happy about the nevertheless And I'm not real happy about either But as usual we're in the dark. It's only our part of our life blood is the phone lines, you know That's only what they show us all about So watch that ourselves the problem by the telling you giving us any information about that when they don't bother doing about like when George is doing his appearance At prime coast or an local appliance in Hollywood from noon to two tomorrow And the only information we can get it's just east of sterling or Sheridan exit to nine ninety five Why does it say just east of the sterling or Sheridan exits what is that the Oakwood to Milo aren't runs the length of Or does the property between sterled sterred and in sterling. Oh, so like I said just to get off of either exit so to say and I'll be recreating the events to swing club Using stock puppets come out and spin the QAM wheel to win prizes as all it says And that's all the information we can get on this George will be there new to two. So please come up and then they can feel like you really cared about seeing And they're and tell him he'll be really great to be an up against Phil Henry starting October 4th Here's a pompano hello Hey, Milo Yes sir She's a lagging in listener phone calls on 1700. I don't know that I've ever heard a listener phone call in 1700 Has the question is has anybody ever heard 1700 that was a they've ever called there but is anybody other than Barry ever heard them from one like two or three minutes Well, I went when they first came on I turn out obviously I carry out seeing it was just nice for a while not to hear the same calls Hey, Matt dog Yeah, you get teal greens going to stretch the defense this year, right is the running back going to be but then they've got Jim Barry Oh, on from like 12 to two or two or two or four. So he person he's like I'm not an angel way You know, I'm thinking by the way, let me interrupt you for one second. We far forget this speaking of angel array They got a new deal now where they they talk they do the news on channel 4 right up until Dan Rather starts talking and they show Dan's face on the screen There are CBS and she says yesterday and now let's go to Dan rather it's CBS in New York and she starts Ah, ah, ah, crack and often he starts out with his horrible story about the guy getting sentenced, you know, but did the lynching one of the guys in the Texas And and she's just lost it just laughing or asked off and I thought what she needs a butterfly and that she needs to be put away angel array He's a way that he wants to say that I would Jim Barry opens up his show he's got to the like the intro song playing the funk soul brother Oh, I'm like a very quiet this town with less funk and less soul than Jim Barry I don't know who it is But I guess that is whole idea like when he does that you can enjuven in those stupid videos he did on channel 4 he's just a professional spook I guess is what is he thinks he is he leave town for while and come back. Yeah, take kick his ass out and then nobody also taking me out of combat Very dismayed that he was in the back position, which keep in mind that he's a big e because he was in Chicago He's from Chicago, I guess, or at least he worked up there. He's a fan of all the Chicago sports teams. He don't even like the teams down here But why was it leave Chicago? Which is awesome. I mean, that's a real time right. Well, if you can't wait a winters You get your ass blown out of there. You got to go somewhere. Hey, I sent a fax over to you last night with a couple of editorial from the city Yeah, I got it. I got it. I'm hungry. I'm trying to figure out whether that first guy is serious and I would his praise of Ryan Norcross and Alex The New Jersey guy. Yeah, I got it in here. I'll get to him. Hi, Neil. Thanks, pal. Good one. See ya Yeah, Norcross and Penmaire penis. There are my heroes. I'll tell you that in a question about that 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 1026 We're going to have to fight out if there's anybody who's going to still listen to us by the way from 10 to noon. Once Phil Henry goes on 940 Because otherwise I'll just stay home. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. In fact, what we'll do is we'll just play Phil Henry bit. There is an idea There is a great idea. If it turns out that we got real problems there, which I doubt, but nevertheless, if we did because, you know, who wants to listen to a tape of the same show, but if they miss it at night, they'll have to tune in the next day And we want to start to get some real serious competition there. We'll just play some real good old the bits From Phil, some of the best of instead of waiting to the other stuff, you know 26 after 10 at 560 WCW Hello, you have reached Dickie's workers' choice catalog and information one to speak up the representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line. Thank you Transferring to an operator, please wait Dickie's customer service, this is Lillian, and they help you Yeah, my Lillian high. Hi, you like Dickie's Sure, I guess a lot of women do, huh I believe so My woman says she loves to get Dickies I think She likes a lot of, you know, and understands I'm gay guys like Dickies Well, I'm really not happy to be honest about that What's the biggest Dickies you've seen? Well sir, we go to a 72-way Oh my god, you like little Dickies too Sir, um, something like that will basically make big Dickies Well, is there a point to this conversation sir? I guess I'd get to say Dickie a lot on the phone Yeah, yeah Were you wanting to place an order sir? For what? For clothing? All right, I want to talk about Dickies Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing Well, Dickie, Dickie, yeah Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this I'm not like Dickies, and a lot of women like Dickies I'm going to disconnect No, when it's talking about Dickie 1032 at 560 WCQA I'm 56070560 pound 560 on the Dickie line We got the Jim and it today from the QM government Is there any special reason why I guess Hank's on his way to the win win Is where he's going to be this weekend for ESPN Jimmy Johnson show between five and six That's the Jimmy we could be really special Johnson show And then six o'clock we got talking baseball with Donnie B because Unfortunately, it's not over yet It's getting close and they know we had to rockies in the Marlins And then we got the Panther Lightning game on WCQA seven o'clock tonight Would Dickies McDonald will the real jig make Donald please stand up The first game I heard that he did was pretty damn good, right? That had land again, and then we heard him in that Tampa game here a couple of nights ago And not too good, Dickies So we'll see what's your, which you know two out of three in bed Here's Perine, hello Perine Going once Twenty two minutes and eleven seconds they've waited and they're gone Thank you going to Pittsburgh to do that game Thank you's going where to Pittsburgh I thought he told me he was going to Boston Who told you that? Some boys on the phone you Oh Well, so what they're let me ask you something what difference does it make where he's going I just mentioned that in passing and right away But what difference does it make where he's going Change Change Five six seven Five sixty and it still doesn't make any difference where he's going Okay, we got a bunch of nithickers in here Like I said, Hank's going somewhere That's why mad is his on to there Okay, okay, got Mania Here's Miami Beach, hello So cares where Hank's going There you go Let's be speaking about the baseball He said some buckey baseball The marlins are about to hit the mouth Going to read that in the papers today No, I don't meet about the marlins And go with your love With two more wins Florida would avoid a hundred lost Yeah, when I said go now right to avoid a hundred lost It's just that golf John Dilly, you know He said he said he said he said he said He said drinking he said he's got alcohol in his blood And he's going to lose his calorie golf And dorsepont which is in pain of 3 million a year Yes, I mean He said he was pretty he's pretty he's not trying to clean his act But what do you mean not trying to clean his act He said he showed them on there But he had the shakes he said he doesn't even have to give up anymore And he's addicted like I'm addicted to children Yeah, and he said well, if it's up a noir Yeah, yeah, can't drink again I got one question for you now Who decide what commercial's going your show Bottom line you or or How many times have we been through this? You can do this just such a thing You just show you to say anything what does I show or not It's not It's not the side what commercials go on They only decide what responses they're going to endorse live commercials But as far as the recorded spots we have nothing to say about them That's why why you're the warm and moral of the gun thing went on Right, okay, well, I just didn't really have no control over that Ah, okay, it's just crystal I listen you have a good weekend Okay, back to you sir, whatever How many times do we have to keep repeating the same tired old I mean old and tired and tired and old and ponderous and just oh man It just tears your kishki's out We have nothing to say about those freaking gun show spots Let me say it again. We work for a whole operation and they're all whole operations All the this ones in a category by itself, but nevertheless And like I said, if you'd let ourselves people come by with their dumb detector And if you're dumb enough, just hand us a bunch of money Don't respect us to do too much for you. Like George is a parent's prime code of moral That we're having to beg and plead I mean here it is tomorrow known to two he's going to be there Expecting now people hopefully maybe to show up to make him look good So it looks like he's doing something for the money's getting paid We should take the money anyway whether you show up or not, but nevertheless And Hollywood at the open Plaza Yeah, I like I said, I mean, you know, and Geez, we got some nerve and they resented here the idea that we're such troublemakers That we want some information which might induce somebody to come by and go, well, what's the purpose of these appearances Why does anybody go anywhere, you know, just give us a little information And they just refuse to do it Say I'm gonna tell you I'm glad to see there's competition coming from all sides This this is the greatest thing for anybody I've always said that There's nothing that makes you more of a thargic and more crappy Then when you got at the all the ball game all of yourself It's just places had now for about two years They've had the ball game all to themselves And now you understand why the Mr. Bigshot Mr. Ego Mr. Hotshot Sports Guy Well, he got panicky when at the joke the fan went on a year And was suing this one and suing that one and moderating and having a nervous breakdown Because he knew the jury jack is with right 6000 columns in a row to try to get everybody down there at that end of the dial Is it going to work? No, but nevertheless, at least it'll keep monstose here Here's a lady mobile and boin and beach, hello Hello, yes, man. Hi, yes. Do you hear me? I hear you. Okay, I'm calling in regards to a segment. Yes, today about Puerto Rico Yes, where some asshole call then said that Puerto Rico should be blown up And I just like to comment that Puerto Rico is unfortunately part of the United States 60% of its people live below US poverty standards And unfortunately we do have a lot to be pissed off about unfortunately colonization is the downfall of civilization And that is why we have a reason to be pissed off And I love you show. Okay, yeah, I have a great day. She love the show, but she's pissed off. Well, listen, can I tell you Just have a good laugh about it? And like goes on by the way speaking of depressing things like Puerto Rico having all that poverty I got I mentioned yesterday I got this letter this facts from Ryan Doreny who's a student at the University of Florida and Gainesville And he was a good friend of Brian too one of the two kids that got killed last weekend And he's you know the letter that he sends and I'm sure he's probably listening right now. He's he facts this to me and I would read it on a year Except Brian I hate to break that Orion. I don't know how to say this to you, but nobody cares. I mean I could come on again I'm very emotional and the letter is very heartfelt and it wouldn't take very long to read it But I would be leading you down a garden path Ryan because nobody cares That's why there's nothing to written about this just about anywhere and the people get brutally They get slaughtered every day in this country. It's a slaughterhouse and nobody cares. They just accepted and we just keep rolling right along And that's it that's America for you So I wish I could you know offer some something Unified sound incentive. I'm not trying to be so to just pointless you know I'm saying Ryan I appreciate your sentiments and your efforts, but nothing I read or do here on a year is going to change anybody's attitudes about violence and the brutality and killing You know like what times that fight on five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Don't forget George at the Apprentice door tomorrow in Hollywood Looned to two at the Oakwood Plaza. Well if I just mentioned it often I've somebody ought to show up just how to sympathy They'll be singing and dancing they'll be singing and dancing and dancing Maybe Joe Caro show up dining and dancing. They don't have any free food like you and guilty got a therapist tomorrow But you know you're not joined guilty yet You've got a long way to go to the catch up to them. Maybe I'll bring a bucket of chicken with you So there you go Or maybe just bring those certificates maybe for the macaroni. Hey there you got them all since those came from Gary there You go they came from Gary started that'll tie Ryan in we'll give away some certificates for some free meals at macaroni grill at yours As a parent tomorrow. They can spend the wheel for them. There you go. It's been a wheel They say leave it to me to come up with something even though I got nothing to do with this Well, if somebody's got to try for you for Christ's sake this place here is I'll won't Well, what is that that keeps beeping is that in there is that in here? What is that? Is that this thing again? Let's be in the end. Oh God Twenty me four eleven at five sixty WCOM if you're a psychic stock. Okay When a moon is hanging out a window on the folded proud of his behind you now I'll just wait too much in full and the image is burning to your mind That's nothing grosser than a man with a hurry. Yes, I hear it Oh, hurry Doesn't happen girls LeBee don't when you're a tiny feed-o If you think a look much need us it's new fire good we either It's a problem that you must call these and not that food is more evil There is Oh, hurry When a girl is lying in a dark room Her brand new lover's naked in her bed She runs her fingers down his body And let's stop a screen that wakes the dance her hands are tangled up in his cherry hair His cherry hair Oh, hurry Welcome Oh, right Twenty six to five six eight You're welcome WCOM Dolphin show a star of Waffen line ups is very jackass But new station needs to sure up the rest of its schedule This would be hysterical if it weren't so pathetic very like I said before you think you're fooling anybody Oh, even a retarding even a Inversal even a people at 0.0 No, this is so tragic which I will read by the way in its entirety Just in case you missed the arrow or just in case you couldn't find the sports section Yeah, we did the format of the arrow that anybody see it the most pathetic the most unacceptable you can't find anything For example the editorial pages in section B Wasn't bad enough that it used to be you know every newspaper rhino of the editorial page at least Monday through Saturday is on a back inside page So it's easy to find Then the hero decided well, that wasn't good enough. That was too easy to live with like two pages back inside now that they'd come up with their new format where you can't find anything It's back in the B section somewhere as in we'd be really confused Here's Hollywood hello with a question mark hello. Yes, sir Yeah, you know you're so pathetic. You're okay. Thanks for listening thanks for listening. Well the five sixty QAM Yeah, yeah, South Atlantic that's why you're listening pal. Thank you very much Another crappy old craggy disgusting old fart taken up space that living in reading people can be taken up here Oh, by the way speaking of that anybody ever almost get in the wreck because you somebody saw something in a pedestrian like that looked really incredibly good all the time Not like this though. I was going to the post office there on hi this last night. I'm going east on Oakland Park Boulevard And I'll be very specific was about five twenty in the afternoon. Maybe this young man might be listening right now Come on down and just sit around here with your shirt all pal So there was like a little fender vendor when the cop had the two cars in the left end and turn lane right around 150 terrorists in Oakland Park Go in east there on Oakland And here's the young man standing in his jeans with his shirt off, which even though it's 100 degrees down here for some reason only ugly people here run around naked If you haven't noticed that we all fat Ponci people run around like the French Canadians So help me God. I thought I was going to have a wreck right there. Thanks to Laura there wasn't a lot of traffic Because that was the pay attention who was in front of me behind me to my right only to my left I don't think I've ever seen anybody in history my life. We're looked like that and I said to myself holy crap But it happens very rarely here because very rarely here. Do you see any of the most of the people that are like this last fossil like call from Hollywood Yes, I bet that yeah What's that would you do if I weren't here pal? What would you do? What would you be doing for these four hours every day? Probably a little Russian rule of practice. No doubt maybe that was very jackasses the boyfriend Here's money be chill out. Hey, no, yes, sir. How you doing great? Yeah, listen, I wanted to call you earlier in a week, but I couldn't because I was working But I really enjoyed your shows on the hazing and initiation of the fraternities I had a friend of mine who went to a four to state and he told me what one of the fraternities did up there was they had a thing called the olive race Where they take the guys that are trying to get into the fraternity like wake them up like a three four o'clock in the morning Take them to a field get them all naked. Yeah, I'm all naked. How do you like that always get them all naked for starters? Maybe a little booze for us and then get them all naked. Yeah, they put them on all fours They stick an olive in their ass Yeah, and then they make them like crawl or on all fours like a guess 50 or hundred yards and the loser has to eat all the olives Mmm, yeah, yeah That's right In terrible. I mean talk about anal retentive They're bunch of fruit cakes and all those fraternities. Sounds like it to me. Hey, one more thing. I'm like a real head of a sexual pursuit to me But what I know. Yeah, right? Yeah, one more thing. Yes, sir. What's your opinion on the people's elbow? The what the people's elbow, which is what? That's your life's co-rezzling 560, 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line The people's let's say the people's rectum. Oh, yeah St. Louis allows for your martini by the way pal. Here's a mobile and cool for city. Hello Uh, and the I think that guy couldn't get into the fraternities. That's what happens. Maybe just I wouldn't get the olive out of the rectum Have to happy suck this meal. Yeah, you keep me up on the Jewish holiday And I'm in the industry. There's long with it. I'm gonna go see George tomorrow and I go have time But I'll you have to go you have to guys that's written to go that other time, right? No, no, no, no, no Because that guy would not go you could buy goose the numbers up for the for the appearance that you bring his wife I hear she's pretty hot. Uh-huh. Maybe give away a swing day with George and his wife. There you go. And I know that is a good idea. He can troll for a swing partners tomorrow. You could I make a suggestion? Yes, sir. Why don't you get a pound five 60 prime co line It's not a reason I don't switch the prime coes because I'm two cheat the call. Yeah, it's on my time Hey listen, I have no control over any of these things all over the next a few days I'm gonna be discussing with the powers that be here. They got to do something with his phone or else they can blow it out their ass Well, right right down the other fun sucks, but right right down the right down the prime co idea. Okay, I can buy a phone tomorrow. Thanks Big jam and pool pods major douche dad. Yeah, I don't. Yes, suggest that to them. Why do they're there by the way to Marjorge? Which he ain't listening because he's arguing with somebody on the phone. So just that to them tomorrow At prime co that we get a lot. We need all the lines we can get because we got a whole bunch of people out there who can't call and if we're gonna Expect the listeners to pay on their dime to call this place and wait for these long-pied risk commercial breaks. We got another. I think Come on 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello If you get a pound five 60 premium co line. I'll drop my AT&T phone tomorrow because I've got a I've got a prime co phone That's not currently hooked up and I'd left to go back to them. The reception is great. Yeah, I Aside from that the I have Miami here all that tutorials are to be back in the classified sections since they're all bought and paid for Mm-hmm and I'll be next to the funny pages. Absolutely That's about it. You know, okay, see you Okay, that clear is the board now. We can get into very jackasses column with like I said. I will read in the section because it is well worth it. To show you just how desperate I mean, you know, you've got a major market newspaper and use this Puts is like a pawn is what he is. He's the tool Dolphin show is star of Waffen line up, but new station needs to show up the rest of its schedules is very jackass. Nearly a month is passed in 17 number the fan launch this offload of second sports radio state. See, very would like There to be a hundred sports radio stations because he's such a moron. He's such he's the ultimate nerd. So he really Believes that's all that anybody cares about. Unfortunately like it's nighttime signal the quality of the programming has been hit in this says Barry rhymes with one listener scorecard meaning his of course and of course. Are there any other listeners? Oh, so we should have said their listener scorecard. The evening the Dolphin program six to APM with Harold sports writer Armando, Silguera and XQAM freelancer Bruce Warner has emerged as the station's best talk show And know this opinion has nothing to do with self-hero being a hero call. He says without now. Here's here's the camera. Without question the show provides more quality information for dolphins than any other regular sports truck program in the market. Are you ready for that? The fans dolphin show has the potential to do the most damage against WQAM which often airs dull limited appeal Marlins and Panthers pregame shows during part of that time slot. Now there I have no qual, we know qual will be just said about how dull those pregame shows are and of course the Marlins games anything to do with them is dull and a tune out. But the cast it in those terms makes it so obvious you'd have to be deaf dumb blind you have to be like Helen Keller and Vendette for 50 years not to see where this is all coming from. Barry, yeah they got more dolphins get more information they can like from the Jimmy we could be special show or from Hank or from Jim Mandage or from Dave once that or any of these things. It's Armando Silguera and Bruce Warner they provide you with more dolphin information without question says Barry. Then we get to the mid days okay so we think that Phil Henry is going to be a stiff competition way to hear this. Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg, who broadcast their syndicated show on more than 25 radio stations as well as the internet have good chemistry engage in lively off of them using dialogue. They're 10 a.m. the 2 p.m. program fills a real niche because WQAM airs non sports programming and parentheses Neil Rogers during that slot. Rosenberg in particular impresses with his depth of knowledge and quick retorts but the show drags at times such as when Rosenberg recites as we can plans who cares and spend several minutes getting which that was the highest grossing movie of the summer why didn't Kaplan just give the answer and move on also produces go overboard on sound effects on that show says Barry. They fill a real niche there's a tremendous void there's a tremendous vacuum and need in this market for another sports program between 10 and 2 because in parentheses Neil Rogers is not not the highest rate of talk show and a market is under that period of time. Never never ever has Barry of course because he's got such tremendous integrity never see ever mentioned since he wrote those horrible doom and gloom predictions about what would happen in this radio station if Neil Rogers came on the air here. about the ratings that we've had and how we exceed by like take all the other talk shows put together and we probably are like on a par with that or maybe got him beat. Put together to put that in there Barry. No. The afternoon programming has been more locally oriented than the station originally envisioned GM Tony Kalata you would a whatever's name is trying to require rights to the popular market and the mad dog show from the fan in New York but WFA and would not cooperate because it's feared calls for Miami would hurt ratings. And believe me they would if they ever heard the calls for Miami they would know it would hurt. ESPN radio mean while the senator main wood wqa m even though qm is very little of its programming that prevented Kalata you from pursuing the rights to the pancreks new ESPN radio talk show one to 4 p.m. or carrying any of Tony corne hole Tony corne hole 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. program. You know Tony corne hole. See George this all four languages to George even understanding this because you're not part of the fraternity you're not part of the guy damn club man you better get with it. Okay to be continuing the moment 10.56 a Q a m. This is 5.60 a.m. Locate girls are putting me up to改 this and watch what the human nature seems like that everything is bloody thumbs up I have thanks my buddy my friend mate friend shower And always makes me smile in my cold memories and style. Every day and a time. The reason for women's love goes on with my hips and foot. Rather than with them love love. They're pretty same-grad, they're so good. We know they're on the road, they're in pain, they're in peace. Don't win. Rather than with women's love go on. Let's be my star, God, love, love. I'm fire that hell, and fucker! Love it out to a five sixty WCM, so continuing with various masterpieces. More than I believe me it goes on and on, which is good. I'll tell you some good time. Unlike a few WCOM hosts, Jim Barry, two to four p.m., treats colors with respect and does not level personal attacks against athletes and others. He's nice. He's silly, but he's nice. He's also attracted quality guests, including several heat players. But Barry, who's better on television, needs a co-host to generate spicier conversation. His theme shows such as recalling best sports memories should be safe for a slower time of the year, like July. The late afternoon show for the six p.m. needs an overhaul. Ex-Dolphin Mercury Morris, who continues an on-air audition, says nothing the average fan wouldn't know. Incredibly Morris recently refused to say where he thinks Dan Moreno ranks along the league's best quarterbacks. That's what we're paying you for, co-host, John DeCandigo pointed out, ex-asperated. The obscure D.Candigo co-host competent but colorless, as had to assume two large role because of Morris deficiencies. Station minority owner, more testies distraught a, the show's third host, most of them straight sports knowledge beyond baseball. And then here comes Barry's first-ration because Barry, of course, hates Hank like, hates me, but Hank has multiplied times on him, but you got how much should he take. Can't 1700 come up with a more formidable show and it's most important time slot, ask the very ex-asperated Barry, can't they do it? No. Colata, you do impress during a ston on WQAM, says he doesn't have time to go on air, but he'd be an improvement over D.Candigo, 17 under the fan, should continue experimenting with gestoes, net more for instance, until it finds the right mix, God damn it, Barry's pissed off. Can't they do something better against that fatso? The Harold's Dandel of Bester couldn't join 1700 defend because WQAM picks up his ESP in radio show, why we don't know, when he's marked Jones away discussions with 17, I've never didn't have time to do what they'd have to do in show. The most eye-opening development has been evening co-host duty-producible to secure live interviews with marquee guest like Albert Belgary, Sheffield, Ricky Williams and Mitrisman. The personable fraud, oh, who should become more polished over time, hasn't received any help from Seth Jacobson or co-host on the 8 to 10 PM Sports Night Club, Jacob or Sports Night Club, how do you like the name of that show? That's perfect. Jacob's in a whanney producer goes off on too many inane tangents, such as questioning women callers about flirting techniques and asking Prado which soaps he uses and does he drop it? 1700 is carrying a sports 20 hours on weekdays with Don, I'm a syndicated show, 6 to 10 AM occupying the other four hours. You notice the way he likes, he shifts that to the end of the article, Morning Drive. Like that's not important at all. The old dead man in the chair, Don and his brother Fred and arranged. He's on 6 to 10 AM occupying the other four hours. Those throw away called Morning Drive. Weekend programming has been sold at the cleaning live at FL and college games and bull more size and syndicated radio show at ADM on Saturdays. Colot to use at AdSales have been strong and insist he's got the financial resources to survive long-term. But the number of listener phone calls lags at times. This is very. How is that possible? How can you not have a whole bunch of calls all the time? Huh? Do we have any now? No, we don't have a one on the board. And we have an audience. So you can just imagine when you have nobody listening, which they do at 7pm on the end of the dial. And this is what you're up against here as far as the media is concerned. We work for a station that doesn't promote it all that won't spend a dime to promote anything on this radio station. And we got people in the media and of course yes, we do rip them all the time, but deservedly so. Four things associated with this. But here's a campaign going on. There's this. They're salivating over there and you know something is going to work. No, we and you know something we had and never had one person call seriously. Now one person that wasn't a quack who said anything is safe on any of the programming on our radio station. None. Zero. Zibri Duda. Nada. Nada one. Just like we haven't had one call about the exciting announcement about Phil Hembie going to be on the air 10 o'clock at night to one in the morning. And then take 90. I'm the noon opposite us. The last two hours every morning on the 940 stupid talk. I want to call about that. Oh, no, not a call. Not one. Such as the state of broadcasting in this market, boys and girls. No wonder Tom Zika sold his radio. No wonder Dr. Mark wasn't so upset when they repode his radio. 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I got news for you, Barry. If there's any interest in 1700 the fan, we sure aren't hearing about it on this station. I'll tell you that. Thing must all be listening over there. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? This is Joe. Where is this station coming at? Because I'm up in tamarack and I get 1700, but I don't get the station. Yeah. What do you get? It's like real static. You can hardly hear it. Uh huh. I mean, how good is that? I think you're going to be. Well, they got about six watts, I think. And tonight you can't hear it anywhere unless you're sitting under their tower. Wow, I don't think they're going to make it. Okay. Thanks, Tony. There's our first call on Waffen. Maybe the second mention today. Hello. He can't hear it. So it's not really a comment. He just can't hear it. That's the comment we can't hear it. Or maybe our radio won't pick it up, which you're a lot of videos that don't go that high. Barry, I think you must be doing the jungle juice. Barry, you must be on acid because it just ain't going to happen sweetheart. And as much as I said before about the, about the dummy tech that we got to find some of the people that buy stuff on this radio station. I got news for anybody who would buy spots on that radio station that has no discernible audience whatsoever. You really got to be crazy. How about a dollar a dollar sounds pretty good? Uh-huh. Overpriced at best. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yeah, he's lucky. He can't hear it because it shows sucks. Yeah. Thanks. Got nothing to worry about. Okay. Thanks, Woody. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. He must be, he must, he must, he's a, he's a, a durable muster man where you're something because this week all of a sudden after a long height is what he's making a big comeback must be desperate. Here's what my or so, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'll tell you the baseball season ever and I mean, it's just like, One more week, pal. Just hang on. It's almost there. I'll move over with this morning, craft. I'll tell you, I just don't know if I can take it. You've like every time I get in the car on board to that work when you're on. So I haven't been able to get as much as you as I want. Yeah. You show really is great. I love it. It really is. I can't say. But, you know, every time I get my car at night, it's a pre game. It's an after game. It's like, why would any advertisers want that audience that is going to be sitting home listening to the Marlin game? I mean, just, both people don't want to spend any money. I mean, it's just terrible. It really is. But hey, the Tom Green Show keeps me going. I didn't realize that was at a no one or repeat last night. You know what? I mean, too, because they've been screwing around putting on those repeat. I haven't really been keeping up on that. But the repeat still October. Oh, repeat still October. We didn't have anything. Thank God. Excellent. Well, I'll tell you what. The real world this seems to be getting a little interesting. The guy, the guy was a blonde hair. The gay guy is like turning on everybody's fruit cake. Yeah. I don't know. I don't watch that no more. I don't watch this. You know what? He's not a bitchy queen for me. It's gotten pretty good. I really have. You should give it another chance and take a look at it. Okay, pal. And they'll fix a lot. Have a great weekend. Bye bye. Okay. Call from four miles. Why, but if we had an 800 number, we'd be getting Zillions of calls from over there. But hey, don't start that again. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I don't know. You best, please. There you are. There you are, ladies. I don't know if you remember me. But I was the guy who's how you set on fire last year. God, I miss you. Even though you blew up my car. I'm not all my hair off. I miss you, girl. But what with questions? Do you think you could let me go? When you might let me out of this event. No one said me for weeks, but I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart. But if you happen to see my mother, we let her know. I'm not dead yet. Here is LADDES. I want to tell you that. The guy who saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He kind of looked in top just like me, but that surely purely coincidental. I was so weird near that place. I loved you too much. Look at anyone else. There are LADDES. I had a dentist appointment that day. And I was so weird near the shirt. It's mental, it's mental. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good. With all those grimees as well that bloody. And they come on, let me out of this. 15 at 5.60 WCM. God, Carlos, you're a change in the 24 hours. Hasn't he? 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T. Where I was lying? Come on, light enough a little bit. So anyway, speaking about that desperate bitch. Diana Ross. And I noticed, it must have been in the papers here yesterday because I didn't see anything about it. I did see a little clip here and there on the TV news. Like about two seconds. Is this a desperate attempt for a news story? See, I know that anytime I'm in the airport, all the media, they're all there behind me, all the people of TV crews and the cameras in the boom, the microphones. So I must have just been a coincidence that they were all hanging out of the Heathrow, waiting for Diana Ross to get pissed off because she got frist. Once you went through the metal detector. And I know if I'm going to go through a metal detector at the airport, I was where a big fluffy thing. Like she was where I'm with a lot of feathers and stuff and with metal buttons on it. That's my favorite as a matter of fact. To make sure the metal detector goes off. And Diana to make a long story short was all bed out of shape and made a big stimulus at a big publicity thing out of the fact that this woman, when she set the metal detector off, that she first heard. Squeeze her boob. So I'm, um, channel surf in last night. And here's my good friend because there was absolutely nothing else on. Don't be stressed out. And who's he going on for the entire hour? We got around for the entire hour. Diana, I'll get back to you Diana. And every time he might ask for anything that might even be slightly embarrassing, which is unusual for him. Oh, Larry, I can't hear you. I can't. I'm having a hard time hearing you, Larry. For make a long story short, the woman first, of course, if Larry, who I'm sure is traveled abroad, who's been abroad in a prior life. I mean, yeah, you kind of know that in Europe, unlike here, when you go through the metal detector and you set it off, they don't just have the little wand like they do here. They're serious about it. They got a woman. If you're a woman, a woman, a woman, a first cue. And if you're a guy, a man, first cue. That's the way they do it. I've been first over there. And unfortunately, the guy that did it was ugly, but nevertheless. So she's all upset. Well, I don't think she was really doing anything on board, but she was doing her job. And it was very busy, but she was just unacceptable. It was doing it too fast and her hands up there, I've arrived at my breast and in between my legs and down on my backside. Well, guess what, Diana, that's what they call first cue. Okay. So I read, she threw a foot and a hammer, and a snit, and then came back and did the same thing to the woman said, how's that feel, yeah? Like I did it at broad on the MTV Awards. Yeah. This is Diana's new thing. She's running around grabbing boobs all over the world. Maybe that's her new deal now to try to prove I was going to say her masculinity. So they got around there and I couldn't turn it off. I'll be honest with you because she kept getting more and more embarrassing. And then they dragged her away to pull these took her away. And they think her punitor and did a whole song in advance. And too bad. Okay. You don't act up at the airport, Diana. But like I said, where do these camera crews and all these, all the boom mics and all the stuff, or the, or the come from? Talk about desperate, desperate. And who gets sucked into it for an entire hour? Put it on National TV again. Tell me, just as honest as it was. Here's Davey. Hello. Yeah, now. Yes, sir. Yeah, what's going on with Phil Henry? Is he going to be on or what? Yeah, many ideas? No, I have to write anything about it. Who Phil? Phil? He's going to be on another station. Why are you listening, sir? Why are you listening? Why are you listening? Ask you, but listening all along. I got you explaining it to you very clearly. I just, I missed that plot. Yeah. He's going to be on 940 stupid talk. 940 stupid talk. 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. and then they're going to replay the tape nine in the morning till noon every day. So you can listen to it while I'm on the same thing. Oh, why wouldn't do that? Yeah, you would. Emily. Sister loves you. She's the, uh, she's, uh, works with center one. Okay. I love you. Thanks. Here are Superman. Okay. Okay. Okay. 560. That's our first comment about Phil Henry being on a year. And he's kind of like, uh, you know, I don't understand these people. It's like, oh, what are we going to get Phil? What's going to happen? And I like to be the big news, which I didn't have to because obviously they're, they're desperate over there. Gonna be going to stick them on against us for a couple hours every day on the tape. Ticking the, that's nice. God people. Oh, my God. You're a, you're a desperate genius. Here's a mobile in the western. Hello. Mobile in western. Deal. God. Yes, sir. These people slow to there. What? Now, my phone's beeping at the same time. Okay. Long time listener first time call. Yes, sir. And this is your second. So Henry call. I just tuned in. Let him have start October 4th. Monday October 4th. The week from Monday. Oh, my God. I'm going to lie into this town. Yeah. You know, I've got a buddy. He's a limo driver. And he used to drive, go into the around the lot. He's taught me his story. He's on 26th. And up from the airport. When he's come back from Michigan. When partying with him all night. He said he's just as hilarious in person as he is on the radio. Yeah. He's a funny guy. He, I bet. I'd love to meet him. All right. Yeah. I'm out of my tear. Yeah. I can possibly do. Okay. Have a good day. We've got 0.560. Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. That's all right. I can head. Let Colin say you're good. But why is now? Because you know, we may not have a chance to speak between now and knocked over for it. I can head a little bit. I'm a big boy. Here's a corral jables. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. The best part of it is good bite after Laura. Yeah. But I am looking forward to this. Thank you for letting us know. Has the Rick and said nothing about it. I am all this is the first place in the world. But this has been like any time. It happens in radio. You always hear about it first on this show. This is the oil plate. What we unleashed the truth. Well, it even television the first time I hear about it is on your station. Right. So you know, the different companies surprised. I am looking forward to it. When I was living up north, I listened to still injury when he was in Atlanta. Yeah. And I love your show. It's great. And thank you for letting us know. Okay. And see. I'm not paranoid. I mean, I know you won't be listening to us anymore. You'll be listening to me. I will listen to him lie that night. Oh, that would make sense to me. I would think, you know. But if you want to stay up till one in the morning, you know, we probably have to listen to this morning couple. Well, I listen to while I work evening shift. So that will be perfect for you. Perfect for you. Perfect. Because I'm getting ready to crush. And as I get home. Okay. Have a great day, pal. All right. See. There you go. There we're aligned. 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT. Yeah. We're peeing in our pants over here. Pete. We just don't know what we're going to do. He pulls your he and he said it didn't get even with me someday. If it's the last thing he does, he's get over going to get over a two share on some day part over there. Think that's going to happen. Oh, no. I really don't. To be honest with you. I just don't think you're going to get any gigantic numbers over there. Pete, at least there will be somebody to find fill. Okay. But I just don't think you're going to get a big number. And I don't think you're going to wind up selling tons and tons of, but again, they don't worry about that stuff, you know. Which is why they don't pay anybody anything over there or queer channel. Here's Bointin Beach. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You'll get it. Listen, I was calling. I wanted to find out why don't you have an 800 number. I don't have an 830 simple answer because I work for people who are a bunch of cheap bricks. That's the answer. Neil, I've got a 800 number here from my house. Right. And your house. It might house. I also have one at the office. And it only cost six cents a minute and 15 second increment. So that means most of your calls usually run about 30 seconds to maybe never more than a minute. So they're on the one and a half people on hold. All right. So you're talking maybe 12 cents. I was on hold for about four minutes. Yeah. Nobody's thinking. There's a way around that and I've suggested to do our program director who, of course, responded by going. Yeah. In fact, when Larry King was on neutral when he was doing an awful night time show, mutual, even as cheap as they were. They had a night time with a number. And what they would do is they would let the phone keep bringing. You do this. Keep bringing. And then what the producer would pick it up just before they're going to put you on a year. So you didn't have people on hold for a long time building up that gigantic bill. And the expenses wouldn't be as great if you were to about being cheap, which these people are. In other words, if you really want to do what there's a way to do it without a being a major expense, but these people don't want any expense. Six. A minute. I mean, and then 15 second increments. I mean, right. A 30 second call is going to cost less than four cents. Right. So you have a hundred. You know, and you've got to, you should have some type of a budget with all of the viewers. I heard listeners. Yeah. We should have. But what can I call there to show them what kind of thing I've got with the. And I know several people over here like to see what kind of a thing you've got. Yeah. No, but I'd like to see a program. And then they don't remember. Huh? Who would I call there? Call up a deathlensy to program director. Deathlensy? Yeah. What's the phone number? It is off. Just tell them. Get off your stuff. What do you mean what's the phone number? It is off. Why do I call pound five 16. That's for Duphlyn's. Yeah. Call. No. What's the office number for this guy? Oh, my. Three. Oh, five. Six. Five. Six. Six. Six. And what's the end. I think it's really Duphlyn's. Yeah. I just tell them get off your door. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Now we got the audience going to bed for us. Try to get us a guy that they made 100 lines. So we can actually talk to a bunch of people, which we'll we need it. I'm telling you desperately. Look at this. You think the fan ain't got a lot of calls. I got two calls on the board. I've been on here for 23 years. We got a 90 share of the audience. Even the Schwarz is a role is done right now. And we still can't get anybody to call. And you wonder why they don't have any calls over there on 1790 on the AM dial. And nobody can pick up barriers. That was your wondering right now. You idiot. A little fat putbacking piece of turd. You in basil. Yeah. A lot of what you say Bobby is true, Neil. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, man. I'd like to put together a station with him and Angela Ray, Brian Norcross. Rick Sanchez just just call it the silly station. All the silliest people that we can find. Jim Barry. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Yeah, Neil. The guy that you go to the games with. Is that your boyfriend? No. It's not my boyfriend. I'm sorry about that. Mitch, when you're going to be at the game, like over the real human being you jackass, you ask all that we always see you alone. Is that because nobody will go to the games with you. You'll, you'll, in basil, you jackass idiot. There's another great hockey call for you. Oh. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, one last line. Maybe he's jealous. John said he ain't interested by the way, Mitch. He said you're an asshole. You're locked in silence. Don't let him go. Coming soon from one star picture. Combining the highest-grim-bejoice ever Titanic, and one of America's greatest stories, movie days. Tommy Lee, stars in Titanic, Dick. Have I ever viewed a white whale? No. But I just saw this guy out on a boat with his girlfriend. You should have seen that size on his shaw. Act me too. As the boat sings, Captain A. Have tried desperately to video tape Titanic, Dick in action. Moving close. I zoomed in only gold for five. Why don't you just walk up to the front of the boat? You're peg like bastards. Titanic Dick. I'm not a perfection of the birth amendment. I feel you'll take a scene. You sure this is legal? Playing now in PCR's across America. By the way, here's a personal message to Keith Smith, Jr. who's a chronic listener and a sender of pornographic mail. You're really sick, you know. I mean, desperately sick, desperately, desperately ill. For 20 some years now, for the last 100 years, this man has been sending me the most gross test pornographic crap. I have ever, nobody in the world would want to see. But this morning, he is really, uh, top himself. So this paid score, score. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wildest line. Anybody ever been first at the airport when you go through those medley detectors? Uh-huh. We all have. Did anybody make a fuss about it? Oh, only Diana Ross. Because she's yesterday's news because she's old and tired and worn out. And she desperately needs, uh, a big, big, uh, splurter is what she needs. The splurter. Tell me, first it out. Yeah. I wonder how much they paid off to put the her honor last night. For the entire hour, we got that. He was pristed to the airport. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I have to congratulate you on an incredible timing on your show. I don't know if anybody mentioned this or not. Um, when Tom Gwavin was pitching the other night against the med. Yeah. Uh, they, they pulled him into seven dinging at the end of the inning. He would over and gave his, uh, his coach a little kiss on the cheek on National TV. What's wrong with that? Uh, that's a little grab ass in the dugout. Maybe he's your a pin. Could be. Well, they seem to like it. So a little for turning his stuff going on. Maybe Tom Gwavin's in the grabbing. Not could be. That's it. Okay, thank you. Good news. There you go on the brain. It's finally how about those brains? Kick the match three in a row. How about that? Yeah. I want to talk about that. Two calls left at the board. Boy, I tell you, Barry, I think you got a point. I think they're all done there with those two very entertaining guys at 1700 on the dial. Cause I'm hearing from ourselves department. In fact, that's probably where all our lives boss are gone, George. They're probably doing them all down there at 1700 on the fan. Cause I heard those two guys, they have to in the midday are tremendous. And I mean, between them on a one side and fill Henry in the middle. I mean, we're out of business. Let's face it. You know, I mean, I'll take the money every two weeks. But we're out of business. We're done. Look at this response, human. You know, you just have to be perspicacious enough to realize when you're in the middle. You have to realize when your time is up when they call your number. 560 50 50 50 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I just wanted to tell you why I think nobody calls. Uh-huh. Cause you keep hanging up on everybody. Uh-huh. Anyway, my husband listens to that hang up on the last guy. No, I'm very impressed. Anybody who has anything to say, I listen to him. If they have nothing to say, I hang up on him because I'm supposed to be entertainment. See, it's not unlike what Barry Jack asked right in his calm this morning about how some of us are rude. And we don't suck up to the callers. We're supposed to be here for entertainment, not to give a demonstration of how to be polite. That's true. Okay. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you. Tell me why. What? What? I thought. Oh, why everybody calls? Yeah. Okay. Have a nice day. Thanks for your critique. Okay, bye. You hang up on everybody. Okay, thank you. I'm not sure I got something to give away. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's my Nilo. My Nilo? My Nilo? I thought, Boo. Okay, great. In our last call today, a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami? Nilo. Your red. Yes. Your washed up, buddy. Yeah. You're going to take you out. Yeah. Don't buy a house. Okay. Your washed up. Okay, thank you. Go back to New York. You've had two bastards. Thanks for listening to 560 WQM as you do every day between 10 and 2. And don't squeeze yourself too hard next time. Okay. So we start. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless. That was probably people who just boyfriend. If you ask me, sounded like it. Sounded like it. A little problem in this. Right, go. Here's for a lot of Nilo. Hello. Hey, Nilo. Yes, sir. A lot of these idiots out there don't realize that your show is just interpaying with. Yeah. And I think your show is self-eating intertaining. Mm-hmm. And you can say it and you can say finish. But you can't say. Okay. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile encoken of Creek. Hello. Now they're warming up to the task. Hello. Love you, Nilo. Yes, sir. Okay. Here's for a lot of Nilo. They're warming up, but they don't have much material for Nilo. Yes, sir. Hey. They're going to be a little bit more brutal today. Man, well. You know, they look as, you know, they're under a lot of pressure in the database. You know, they got nothing else to do. I mean, what you want? They're wishing. They say they hate you, but they're wishing. And it's the bottom line. And when push comes to shove, you're still going to be at the top of everything. Yeah. You're the best. Okay. Thanks. Again, let's talk about today. I've probably mentioned all these different things. I wasted all the time with very jackass and scallops. George Scott is dead. Anybody care about that? No. He was a drunk by the way. Drunken and miserable nasty prick like I said yesterday. A great actor, but sometimes, but in gigantic enormous ego, big piece of newsweek this magazine. This newsweek magazine this week about crispy cream. See, I'm getting tongue-tacked. By the way, what are we getting for lunch today? While we're talking to some more of these boat shows, let's worry about lunch. I'm worried about them. Screw them. Like that bitch that calls to tell me. Well, I'm eating people down. Call you. Talk to you is because you did I hang up on her? No. And do you have anything to say? No, but I still don't hang up on her. How do you like that? Just unbelievable. They all got fucking bitch. A critique, but they're all listening. That's the amazing part. Oh yeah, come on. You know, Phil's going to take you off, baby. Is Phil going to take me out? No. Is it what happened? No. Did Howard take his out between 10 and 11? No. Everybody in there brother, London. Lars Limbaugh, take me out. No. To the ballgame. And guess what? I wouldn't go out with the ballgame. But he probably got damn winners. Especially the ones that were in somebody's room. Like we heard about yesterday. How about Atlantic City? Yeah, that sounds real good. Let's go there right now. They have any direct flights. Atlantic City subsounds real good. God, is that a great place over there? And Hollywood man. I'm telling you, that is a spectacular place. We love you guys. Crispy, clean doughnuts, tasty stock offering. Bubble loves a body like that. I'm going to tell you one thing, by the way. I forgot to tell you on circus. This president has told somebody tall tails. That's right. That they even have a name for people to tell stories. The tell tall tails. It called them bubble mice. He's now. Because he's told so many. Well, and anyway. Probably all the Jews are in show. Do you go to show on circus, by the way? No. I sure hope not. Man, oh man, how can you afford go to show all these damn holidays? In some restaurants all these just jammed up back to back. So at any rate, they got, they're coming out public now. Crispy, clean. Which I always thought was just down here. I thought the one on 160-3rd street there in North Miami Beach. I thought that was like a local thing. And come to find out. They've got, let's see, how many? 147 stores from New York to California. And growing like crazy and going public on a stock market. Which, by the way, if you didn't find any stock, let's go on up these days. Good luck to you. Good luck to all of us. Crispy, clean. God, I only wish I could eat that. You know, I wish we could just find, give me the magic pill. Give me the magic cure. And let me have all of the Ben and Jerry's in all the crispy cream. No fat, no diabetes, no sick, no any of that crap. Please. 21 before noon at 5. 60 QAM. 17, go noon at 5. 60 WQAM. We got mad dog, mad at that. Yeah. 4 Hank at 2 Hanks in Pittsburgh and Boston somewhere for the NFL this weekend. For ESPN. I get during the break two of the greatest facts is in the history of the human race. Let me say the best for last. This is a close second though from our good friend Eric. Who does our webpage up there in Orlando? Nice going, Eric, as usual. Theorodgers.com. It says Neil, I call prime co in the Oakwood Plaza again for nation on George's appearance. I talked to three people, they're including a manager and no one knew anything about it. What does Sam do exactly and do well? Here's what I put on a website. So Eric is actually put something on a website to promote your appearance. George will be appearing tomorrow Saturday September 25, noon at 2 p.m. at Prime Co in the 29 10 Oakwood Boulevard in the Oakwood Plaza in Hollywood for directions call. And here's the number 9244433. There'll be singing dancing, giveaways in George. Who will be looking for swing partners and do something with this sort of soft puppet. There you go. Little promotion on our website from our good buddy Eric, which is more than we get from Gary Sarner and from Sam and the nephew here in this place. Call us over there. You're going to be there tomorrow from noon to two. Did they know anything about it? No. They probably don't even know you're coming. No. Nice going, Gary Sarner. You idiot, you psychotic maniac. You lunatic. God. But here is I may frame this. And I had to go back on my board because I said that I would not read another one of his boxes on the year, but this and this will not be the last by the way. You can take that to the bank. And wouldn't you know that it would be. And of course I'm delighted because that red neck that call before. Oh, it feels going to take you out. But I'm looking for I'm delighted hear that. Get a little spiced going and this otherwise deadly boring town. But here's the facts from Andy and after all this time we discover that it's Andy Rubenstein who works at Paul Gardner company in Palpatale Beach. That's Andy from Hollywood. As in. Oh God. The most desperate of all desperate. The most chronic of all chronic. The most annoying of all the annoying. The anxious, the nauseating, the revolting, they puked in dozing Andy from Hollywood. Who says. Just to let you know that I'll be tuning in to Phil Henry every day. As you know, I'm a great fan of yours and fills. Since you are a bitter old van, I think it's time for a change. On October 4th at 9 a.m., my radio will switch. If you are lucky. If you are lucky. I made tune you in after Phil. It has been quite a while since my radio has changed, but I will finally be happy and able to smile again. It's been fun, but all good things must come to an end. Andy. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. If only it were true. That's the sad part. I can only pray that it were true, but I know of course it's like all of things that they dangle in front of your face. It's a lie. It's a tease. Is there any chance that Andy will really for any length of time more than like a few minutes that he's going to turn off this program? No. No chance. And I love that line. It's been quite a while since I've been happy and able to smile again. He'll finally be here. This is what I just got married by the way a few weeks ago. But now he'll be able to smile and be happy again because now he's gotten alternative to subjecting himself to this. God, I'll show every day between 10 and 2. This is almost like this is almost at a par with the emancipation proclamation. I would put it on that level. If only it were true, like I said. Only the difference being on the one that feels like I'm emancipated. Oh God, now if we could only get it, we could hook him up with Woody. Can you imagine how fortunate would, I bet you Woody likesville too as a matter of fact. Yeah, we're praying. We're praying. It's so good. We're praying for you. We're doing hell. Mary's, we're laying out to fill in or squeezing it. We're saying prayers for us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We had a huzzillion calls on here. Boy, I'm assuming one of that break. It's goodbye time, baby. Adios. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, Pasa. Just a moment when I was surfing. You know, when the hurricane came? Yeah. Those porcas were given up the tickets. Yeah. They asked me for an idea. I didn't have any. I did for one. I was looking at the radio. They took it. Yeah. So I gave them a bunch of false information. And, uh, all right. Let's up to take a seriously less than that. Nice gone, pal. Excellent. Then it's looked fatty. All right. We're here. Okay, pal. Can I call someone a douchebag? See on the inside, but I don't want to. Yes. Air, quaker, you're a douchebag. Okay. Thanks, no. Don't do it again. There you go. Just leave everybody alone. Okay. We got the only this, this, uh, police state of ours. Everything, uh, nose picking police. That'll be next. The nose picking police. If they see a picking, you know, it's with a wrong finger in your car. They're going to give you a goddamn ticket. You know, nobody has ever been frist at an airport or any place else in the Saudis. I guess probably because most of these people never been anywhere. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't say. Okay. Hey, listen, uh, just want to comment and let everybody know. People that call you and say that, oh, they you say this. And you say that. I have nothing else that I did do. I mean, they're still listening to my right. Yes. I mean, so, um, I just want to say I'm a recent listener and I enjoy your show. And I think it's great. And I look forward to what you got to say to all these douche bags. Okay. All right. And have a good day. Okay. Thanks for the suck job. Little suck in the rather day. They don't have too much material. They're not responsive to anything. I'm talking about a cool thing. Even crispy green donuts. They don't care about that. Oh, I can't imagine. I mean, that's an emotional topic for anybody that's ever been there. That got good stuff, good stuff. And of course, we can promote them today because our friends from Dunkin Donuts shine this this morning. And didn't show up for the usual great breakfast that they do. That they make that special, um, Hammond cheese and thing with new, but out the bread and the egg and all that cramp, which is delicious if you try to look forward. That's what I mean. I come in usually on Friday. Although today was paid it, which is almost as great of motivation as Dunkin Donuts being here. I think that's what I mean. I came into the day because it was paid a. Because until we get this phone system, I think I'm going to have to go out on strike. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Yes, sir, I'm here. Oh, I'm sorry. It said mobile, but I'm not on a mobile and Davy. Here's the stationery and Davy. They sent the curry. I want to talk to you about the guiding light. All right. All right. But I probably got to tell you on the way to work this morning. I saw the this guy on a motorcycle and on the back of his piece. Sure, it said, if you can read this, the bitch fell off. Okay. I was pretty good. I thought. Selena. Someone told me that she was that that old, uh, rock and roll, party girl that he's hanging out with all the rock and rollers like in the 70s. That he'd darken bill or something like that. He'd tell a lot of me. Maybe somebody will know. By the way, you know, the old Michelle on guiding light. Yeah. She's on some other soap opera. Now either on general hospital or some ABC show. I think. Oh, my children. Is that what it is? Thank you. I thought she kind of looks the same as the other one. I thought it was just a clone maybe. She's very annoying. She's a friend of the old Michelle, not the new one. Not the new one. I'm the original Michelle, the real beautiful the knockout. Oh, she's on another show now. Oh, I see. But this new one. Oh, God. This new one looks like Mariah Carey on a bad day with a smaller breath. Very annoying. I definitely pay more attention to the man. Okay. And I was in a fraternity all the way. By the way, Billy, I sure hope they don't put Billy in the goddamn slamer. Well, that could be interesting. It could be like odds meet from the guiding light. Exactly. Okay. Oh, Billy, don't do it, Billy. They got Billy cornered there on his pewter. He's working on it. And I guarantee you, he's watching Jennifer Lopez. 567.0560, pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody out there like crispy cream? Oh, no. They don't even know where the hell it is. Whatever happened to the people in this town. You know, whatever happened to the real people. They all do they all leave. I think they all got chased out. You know, the Cuban D. Donuts. Sure. What do you mean sure why not? Donuts are good. Why wouldn't they? I don't know. You're always talking about a whole different, uh, The hell, the need to, they have their own little things. But they don't need to. Patriots, little pastries. On, by the way, that lunch yesterday. Oh, my God. That's a scalapini de polo from, uh, macaroni grill. That was unbelievably good. And you know something, I, it takes a lot for me to say that, even though they are going to be a sponsor on a station. But nevertheless, I wouldn't go so overboard because it's Kerry Surners account. So unless it really was spectacular. I would have avoided repeating that. But, uh, then we just so good. I have to inspire him. Not because of him, but inspired him in the way he screwed you on the appearance tomorrow. By the way, Jordan is going to be at, uh, tomorrow from, to, well, uh, here's Davey. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you read, uh, uh, Sue Regenier's column today? No, I couldn't find it. That's in the Broward, uh, division, uh, about Ken Jenny. I got right here. It says, uh, arrest violated right to right. Is that the one? It's actually pretty good article. Uh, it's about to get the old guy who, uh, Oh, yeah, they all got to wrote the anti-Semitic crappie. Right. Well, he went to jail. And she's saying that basically Ken Jenny is doesn't know anything about constitutional law. He, uh, she'll talk about the end a little bit about how he went to the sex clubs and how he brags about these crime, these petty crimes, if they even are crimes that people are committing. And basically just just just going, you know, she's starting to make a lot of sense lately. What happened to her? She's written about two or four really good comms last month. Yeah, I mean, it's true. I mean, I, I'm, I'm even Jewish and I, you know, what's your first of them and right? Right. I mean, they try to get them under some arched very old state law that it's illegal to write anonymous, uh, yeah. Well, that's just Ken Jenny sucking up to the old Jews and Broward. That's what he's all about. Well, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, let them be such an amount of people. They've legitimately, they've. They've got a bunch, uh, normal, um, medicine, uh, uh, so, uh, whatever. If they're still getting to. That's definitely a part of the value of, you know, what if the victim, you know, five, eight without a whoa, it's enough for. They live in the West and the West and the West and for water bail probably i okay i hope that doesn't happen keep them out of the demand put them on his horse and send them back and have a great day there you go so rising or thank you sir for pointing out to me it is a good column sitting here reading about this guy this old guy boy chank who keeps writing the same time to the crap any anonymous but they knew it was him because he's been writing them for years and so can't get any just uh... you know throws the uh... the guy in jail and as you said illegal is what sheriff can genny did he arrested chank and blatant violation of the man's birth amendment rights and held behind bars for two weeks and the hard-finkle sign is a point out he was at the democratic club a couple of nights ago opening up his post and he was right on target about that outrageous is what it is but when you got a sheriff who's a fascist why is it that every time we get a new sheriff in brown county it's another fascist another guy damn Nazi airy stink in time we get somebody new up there he's worth anything else we ever have a lie i am not a Nazi yeah you should look so long can't any closing down airy i'm not on you mark my words just a matter of time if he gets his way he's gonna be closing on every guy damn adult establishment and brown county because that's uh... where he thinks it's that he's gonna be the root of julienne himself ordered he's gonna turn all of florida not just Orlando he's gonna turn all of all and with a Disney world so the virginity police that we have only insulated parts of brown county they're gonna be all over the place inspecting your fortune if they see anything a telltale sign even if it's a god damn uh... ask your mire wiener you got a real tourist baby why can't you just leave the people alone why can't you just what kind of a government is it that just can't leave people alone and that puts dangerous people back on a street again after they've been in there for a very short time and people opposed no danger to anybody like the weed people with the weed police they're in there for years rotting away because they had the audacity to let up the wicked rambar weed yeah i'll tell you we don't there is definitely like the reformed as thing there's a definite association with insanity and marijuana and that is that the people are resting people for smoking it growing it in selling it those are the crazy people this is five six feet you a yeah oh we don't enter me put in the care about me take out a contest representatives all right me and their body in that也 He tells you this, the country where the country goes Ratha man has some he want to sell And from a mile away you can detect these man Just hope Soak, kind of hope, smoke He likes pop this cliff and talk Soak, kind of hope, smoke Soak, kind of smoke, smoke Like on Javi good You can carry lots of herbs in the gun You can't smoke it everyday until you're long soon Like with all the money that we have made You make a dozen years and a quarter of it A marriage and two to some here and say God, nothing like this in the US You can wear it, they smoke Smoke, kind of smoke, smoke They like pop this cliff and talk They begin to pop and show Smoke, kind of smoke, smoke The country will go On the Delta Sun you are a red rock man You like just hope to join a step whenever you can And maybe if you're coming here from miles around By deeper to you by the ounce and it comes Ratha man is it over, how am I to write The country be good tonight and then they smoke Smoke, kind of smoke, smoke They like pop this cliff and talk Smoke, kind of smoke, smoke Smoke, kind of smoke, smoke The country be good Probably a 5.50 QAM And we got all the information on George's appearance At Prime Code of Arby between noon and two in Hollywood They're going to be Well, hey listen, go buy and see him and feel sorry for him Okay, help him out Oh God, it's great to see you here, George What are you going to be giving away in a while? So give it a look Just don't go there free loading, looking for something for free Go there and contribute something to his life and make him feel Loved and wanted, I'll be twirling my shell Make him feel like he's earning his money Whatever they're paying them over there tomorrow I wish you'd thank that much See I realize Jerry Sarner that being from our sales department You understand that this whole concept, we were discussing this during the break George and I, the concept of actually doing something for the client When you take their money See our sales department that's alien, if not in their vocabulary The idea of actually making somebody show up and bringing in some revenue for them And making it worthwhile to spend the money That there's no understanding that there's no concept of that in the QM sales department It's just that you know, putting your reddub detector And finds that people crazy enough to hand you over a bunch of money for nothing And we'll say, okay, take it Five, six, seven, look at Sam, he takes it And if you check every couple of weeks, for nothing I mean, seriously, if there's anybody in the world who gets paid for doing absolutely nothing There's the man, which is why our promotions on a scale of Ah, is the big O, nothing zero, you can't complain about the promotions on this station Because there aren't any We don't even have a guy with a sandwich board running up and down like in road mall Here's a little Havana, hello Yo, dude Yes sir, how you doing sir? Okay, yeah, I know nobody's touched a piece on this But what do you think about the Harold's front page on the redneck and Texas You just got convicted for dragging that poor black man to that What do I think about it? Yeah, what do you think about the sentence? You got lethal injection when he's crying in the front page He's crying tough crap, yeah, I saw it on the news I say fry his ass right now Take a new, you got it Okay, and then the other one too's got to go to trial the third one I say fry them all together Of course in Texas they're a little bit more civilized than we are in some respects Oh, and did you see the thing on CBS news last night about the guns? They're buying up guns like a snow and I was proud you wanted to know why because they're white two Pay intensive, that's right All those crazy people, you know the ones that hole up in the woods Yeah, they got all their ammo, so an ammo and guns like record levels this year And part of the reason being they're getting ready for the disaster And all these prophecy books that have been written by crazy people being read by even crazier people with guns There's nothing like having a country where there's a bunch of crazy people farm to the teeth Like that asshole our first call or yesterday Oh, yeah, the Democrats are evil. They want to take away my guns They're evil all right, but not because they want to take away your guns. They want to take away all our goddamn money Meanie 560 560 560 560 On the AT&T wireless line, I think we're just going to scratch all the spots You know, just so we can go through one day and see all the people stay on the line and not hang up Actually, we do get a lot of calls, it's just that they don't stay on for more than five seconds Because every time they hear the second that there's an inkling that they're might be because this station is conditioned the audience into commercial panic They have commercial anxiety the people listen to this radio station As soon as they like I said there's an inkling that there might be a spot, hell they're running Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey, you know a couple quick things yes, sir. Just so you don't say nobody talks about things you're talking about Could be cream donuts. Yes, when you go by when the red light flashing that means the donuts are just coming out So if you go by early in the morning on the weekends you get them piping hot I don't know how you can barely touch them in the back and ever knew that oh yeah, there's light I don't want to touch it too much. Yeah, there's a light that says you know fresh one of you know like now and you can go and you can get them like right out of the fire that the best All right The other thing is I've been first in an airport even in Brussels I was going through Brussels and not only I went through the metal detector and you beat there right it's not like here where they make you go back again They put me against the wall because that was machines that's come up They frisk you and then they're like okay now you can go right and you know, hey, it's just part of a part of the security It's about security with it. They are just dittled around with some little magic wand. I mean they they want to feel it They don't mess around that last. She's so kind of a shaped eye and because well, they felt under her breast And I guess what I and how do you first somebody without feeling around all the body parts? She should be happy. She probably hasn't had her breaststroke in a long time Exactly who would want to right the other the last thing is you're not kidding about that People being assholes quick thing my girlfriend the sales person for another radio station on the Spanish market And they had like they were selling their spots that you know whatever 500 bucks for 30 seconds or something like that And they make change format. Yeah, like some clients that's been like 30 or $1 on airtime And how that they change format they're supposed to drop the prices and ask hey, so if you're going to get twice a year She says no not screw them. They don't know the difference. Yeah, there you go. They just pop them for the for the full party There you go. That's the radio way in Miami. See where you got it. Yeah, anyway, you're done. I love you. I have a great day pal. There you go. One of our great calls of all time. I had something to say. It says for lowly don't us crispy creams have attracted a high powered following president Clinton had been delivered regularly to the White House until his fitness advisors heard about it. He used to eat them by the box. Yeah, they're really like Pringles potato chips. Crispy cream donuts. You can't eat only one or two or three because they're kind of small. Oh, no, seriously. You get them in that box and you just shovel them down. Well, I'll do respect to our friends at the Dunkin Donuts, but that'll teach him to shine us this morning. Ready Friday. And if you have the munchies, the box goes in like 30 seconds. Oh, yeah. Oh, no, I start this. Why don't even see that thing if you had any idea. And then you know somebody's going to send some over here some no, not today. Nine minutes after noon at five 60 WQM. Well, come to the drive through window. May I take your order please. Yeah, I'll take a double cheeseburger, no onions. One, you like some French fries with that burger. Yeah, and large co. Regular diet, regular diet, regular diet, please. Regular. How much is that going to be? Two, two, out and now. Chatter to the window, please. Yeah, let's get those C.K.L.W. Jingles on. I was so depressing when the guy called yesterday said that they were shutting the station off the year. How do you like that? How long are you for they shut 1700 off the year? Probably not too long, Barry. Five six, of course. What am I talking about? I'm losing my good friend Andy from Hollywood. Yeah. We got the two live Jews on there at 17. We got Phil coming into morning at least a couple hours over the lap. I'm losing my best post-loyalist, the listener Andy from Hollywood. I think the end isn't site, baby. You can smell it. Can't you smell it? You can smell it. You can smell it. You can smell it. You can squeeze it. So don't go alienating woodie next time because because he's about all we got left. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T, where are those lines? Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, as long as you're better around, why are you so immature? Why can you have a real show like a... Yeah, like, like, yeah. Why can't you find one to listen to, pal? Because you're a little human, but he's there. So you can do that. He squeezed it. Oh, scored, scored. Couldn't have been him. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T, where I was lying. It's so, so sad. That where we have 14 million Cubans in this town, and we have, like, maybe three of them. They actually have something to say that can converse, like an older conversation. That has something to say that might be interesting. He was whatever worthwhile. I think worthwhile is the word. And anyway, shape or form. And the rest, it's a little gag of Madakonis. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T, where I was lying. Yeah, I would. Like I said, we don't want to talk to him. Ever. Here's Pembroke Pine, tell him. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was reading on the morning, so you have a time that parole is going to support you, Canada. Let me ask you. Let me ask you a question that you can't get selected. Who goes to the gas chain this first? The juice, the black, the gaze. Uh-huh. That's my question. I think short people like Ross Perro. I think that's a good idea. Okay. 560, 505, 505, 505, 506, the on the AT&T. See this is another thing. We're supposed to probably might have a chance because the Jesse, the body, Ventura, and this before and party. We really thought there might be a chance. And then, of course, it looks like you can't, and it's going to be the candidate because Pero's still got all the strings, so he's going to want it all the money. You know, Ross, my Pat, you can't understand what we misunderstood Hitler. Maybe we shouldn't have gone to war in the first place. And that the juice control the country, that kind of good stuff. Nice going, Pat. Oh, again. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560, on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and bell, Glade. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'll just kind of applaud you on your awareness of how textman has been spent for these glorious people. I'm going to be a little bit more proud. Ladies and whatever going on in Miami, I'm going to party with Connie, though. And I just want to let you know, do a favor we would never print that. And I appreciate it. Okay. And have a great life. This paper we never print what do we know? No, I don't know. Don't ask questions. Just keep moving along. Okay, just keep rolling along. Sick it a song. 560, 750, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Listen, I did use the seed today on the newspaper. 22 people got busted in Granof Park touching each other. No. Yeah, drew them were pre-s. Yeah. And I'm in Granof Park as a side of fabulous. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Here's our last call for a lot of deal. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. So that's an amazing news that they're going to put on the other station. They're going to put tapes in the middle of the day. Yeah. Well, it's better than Dr. Laura. And, and I'll have so live at night. Yes. I used to listen to him on the internet. So it'll be good to actually happen on the other. Well, they still has one advantage. And of course, when you're on tape, you maybe don't have to do anything. But he's got one advantage that he talks to himself. It doesn't have to rely on phone calls. Because anybody needs to rely on phone calls in this market unless they do in the sports third show. They might as well forget it. That's that. Yeah. So it should be very, should be really interesting. I think what I'm going to do is probably on it because I got a little radio in here. And during the breaks, as we got all these spots, I'll listen to fill that from 10 to noon. In between the show and between the four or five calls we get. Yep. So it also, well, it would just sign up. Okay. I might not be a bad idea. That's an idea. Ah, George, you can tell George, well, that there's swing clubs all over the state. Yeah. That he should check out. And I hope to see George and Crystal let what are new places. You don't want to see him. What? I said, have a great day. Five, six, seven, five, six. See what I tell you. George is using the show as a conduit to find a bunch of other perverts out there. That's what it's certain to do now. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight. Yeah. Yeah. He wants to see you and Crystal naked is what he's saying going. And he really don't care about her too much. I think is what he said. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight, five, six, six, eight. On the AT&T, wireless line. One line left out of board and that said. Then we say, bye bye. See ya. Here comes the music. Punch up that much music. There you go. Thank God we got that thing all hooked up there. Thank God for our friends at Protestant, Chad Lightdisch and Jeff Cohen with the TV set almost two years ago. It's all we got. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Let's talk right or tough. Yeah. Let's do it. You're like Freddie Cull. No, it's not. Okay. There's your last call as a bell. Call up that, seventeen hundred. Maybe come on. You've got to score. You've got a great niche there. Yeah. You've got a good, a good. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Let me say it again. The nature of the people who call these sports shows and just like this guy who thinks he's being funny but nevertheless, that would be the kind of call that you would hear on those shows. Those people, I just, you're just looking to mirror and I ask myself, how can there be people like this who really are interested in these things? Who think that anybody cares about these things? God. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Okay. Great. But they're all still. Let's see. Why do you waste your time? I'm getting the stale. My material is stale. The show is stuck in your glue. You're stuck to it like glue. No matter who they put, put, put, put God on here. And you're still going to be listed in the. God. Who the hell are you kidding? You're not fooling me. You're not fooling anybody in the audience. Laura, when I do larger than their toenail. Everything is getting the stale. Like last year's Oliver. The only thing that stale is old fart like you, sir. That's real stale. That's what keeps this such a dreadful deadly God that I'm placed to live. Or old stale miserable bitter farts like you. Who haven't had a God damn bowel movement before God that image imaging, Coca was a baby. Before Martha Ray had real teeth. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Are you doing great. All right. First time long time. All right. I was wondering if you had any recent like best of nail stuff. I was starting October one. October one. W. It's specs. Yep. Okay. You're God. Okay. Thanks. Love it. Staffs right. Our center one campaign begins October one. It's specs. We can see if we can get it over there in four miles. They have a specs over there. And we have the list. That would be a good idea. Just in time too, by the way, because you know, but another three four weeks will be out of business over here with this crowd. Here's four miles. Oh, yes, sir. I just want to say new listener. Love you, show. And I can listen to it all day. Great. Thank you. Thanks, pal. See you all on a talk too long. Because he's paying for it. He calls on his dime. Thank you, sir. God bless you. We'll pray for you. Because he's spent in his time to call us because we work for him. I'm so glad we're on in four miles. Not just goes. We've got a few people listening over there. But because the beeslies over there in Naples can pick it up loud and queer. And because unlike some of the sucklings we got around this place on the one that's got the balls to tell you what I want to cheap cheap unbelievable bastards they are. That won't even put in a goddamn toll free number. So people like this last guy got a paid a call as how many people are going to pay to call a guy then talk show. And then sit on hold and wait for 22 minutes while their meter is running for the honor of being on there for minute or two. Or like to broaden that bitch said before, oh, you hang up on everybody anyway. Why would they want to talk to you? God, you know, it's just amazing what you could do with a crowbar. How much better you can feel about life? Here's a mobile and store. Hello. Yeah, how you doing now? Pretty good sir. Hey, let's you have any friends with on the head station because you don't want to hear in store. There's a head station and has a food outlet on one side is a godfather's piece and on the other side is a crispy cream donut. Oh my God. Wow. So they were thinking of you. On feathers on a one side and crispy cream on the other side. Yes sir. Oh my God, they'd have to carry me on the guy named Wang. Thanks for the good news, pal. Oh, and lunch is showed up by the way. Okay. There you go. Oh, my God. Thanks to our good friends at Atlantic City. Sub's again for bringing us a fantastic again for the eight million times. You're the best baby. We love you. 567. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Godfather's pizza. Gone. Thank God for crispy cream. That's been here. And one of the spot where I run that place is in there. And add like place. What is it? What is the place? The um-let the egg hand and egg hand and egg hand and egg and egg the next door. Those two things. I mean, that's about all that slept in North. Mind me. We have each or any more white people there. No. But that's the only two things we got left in North Birmingham Beach. It's a crispy cream doughnuts and the ham and egg The Right next door. They have been here since before I was here. Twenty three years at least that means corkies you need to be right there. disappeared that was the day they put the last nails in the coffin north mining beach how sad how tragic what I used to love those little potato pancakes of corkeys and that parking lot was jammed baby it was jammed it was loaded it was packed they were packing it and then all of a sudden for some on be known for the reason the neighborhood started changing and everybody said oh come over see a here's a mobile and lake worth hello you know how you're doing great little spy report from 17 trillion on the dial yes here's somebody that's heard it yeah I have the amplifier on my radio so I can pull it in they were talking about battery jackasses article yeah and they said any advertisement is good advertising good or better and different and how that fills page isn't a knock you're up in soft oh yeah but that's what they were talking about what if I had to do with sports oh please I thought they had a sports show what are those two goofballs talk about in the midday I've never heard anybody say that they even do a sports show well I'm always trying to do an amateur sit down comedy show like Christina Moore I listen for about five minutes and then I just couldn't even bear it anymore okay thanks for the good news you're welcome thank you yeah they're worried about my numbers over here guess what you guys got any numbers no they got the big well wait and see when those numbers come out on Monday by the way we got another trend coming out we'll see if they got any number which I have a opinion it's going to be a big fat round number I mean you know you you have to start scratching your head and wondering if certain people are certain newspapers around the take when they start writing stuff like that you know I'm not mentioning a names of course but you have to start wondering about that I'm not making an accusations but you have to wonder like out loud just desperate as in don't you just do those 12 26 at 560 QA Friday you first dude or G Bush said that his nose is clean and never puts up it and he's running for the why house so he just turned his mirror so drunk and that's not all even down the view people from canny drugs with you he didn't drop some messages why will George just come out and simply say he did it he precise the press would shut them out if some year got them busy he did more than watch his thing but he watched it down the scene and he pre-circle came to touch that's the question that he does and he made you point much clearer like a razor on a mirror like he wants the two be ladies that he didn't do anything you well thirty one at five sixty wq and we got the mad dog Jim managed for Hank yeah through the check-in-oom we got the Jimmy we could be really special we could be something we could be a pile Johnson show five talking baseball but done he'd be a six and a pre-game and the awake using the moral and that's moral and stuff you're all thank god it's almost over thank god here's your call from Boston on your dime hello hello Neil yes I'm calling from Boston uh it wasn't near the internet every day I'm soon actually moving the week from today down to Fort Latterdale moving myself in my company no that's best so I can listen to you live oh my god yeah you know you all have anyways I'm a big fan of a crispy cream myself there's one in sunrise that I visit all the time usually about three in the morning there's one in sunrise yeah I think it's sunrise it's right above one of my fun with in sunrise it's in the most remote location you can ever imagine and they never get your order right anyways I'm moving I'm opening a new store hopefully I just heard you talk about adult products down there and I'm opening an adult store of all places in Fort Latterdale did Broward County? yeah oh yeah I don't know how to I was talking to open it where I'm living in woking manners but they don't allow that stuff I found out not even the you know the elongated toy things those are actually legal to own in that account in that area anyways and my store will be right across some of the creepy cream in Fort Latterdale which is like A1A or 1A or something like that A1A or A1A no it's not A1A it's on root one with other they can you ask one by the fourth or third yeah you obviously got a good grasp on the area and well come on now I'm down there all the time and anyway I hope to see you when I get down there okay thanks a lot and have a great life oh there's a guy that's going to be sorry sounds like a you know a decent guy but be sorry better watch out Ken Janay they're coming 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello any are you doing okay sir no that got from Boston tell your about your thoughts apparently wonder if even the gaity lady yeah I'm standing outside waiting for it to be open here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale hello any is even help well wasn't see you in hell you won't see you in hell okay I see you there problem I'm having a good lunch by yourself good three lunch 567560 tack and attack and attack and attack you know something who cares got a big big fat check in my pocket nice big free lunch sitting here from our friend Atlanta city sub life is sweet baby the most hateful the most sour the most bitter it is as long as I got my buddy Andy from Hollywood nobody can screw with me I'll tell you that right now 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's Fort Latterdale hello yes sir there is a crispy green white near you don't even tell me yes it's on not here and the net well that's not back close to me yeah right on me I'm not going to be nice not for a minute oh yeah I'm not I can't eat donuts believe me I don't know anyway don't know I can't get okay thanks for the bad news I must be the one of the guys talking about the guy that's going to open up a poor note join a Kenjani or shut him down in the bottom minutes don't know what's there I'm begging you you'll be sorry 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello I know I know okay sir um that crispy cream on ferrohybe is right next to jalan's and there's left a block for wolf crispy baked out in that area yeah um a little like a double story when I was in a fraternity in college we're talking about that the other day and one of the things you did was fundraising and what we did was we bought it in when you're raising fun based on you boxes of the three new donuts and then you go around the neighborhood wherever you go and sell them and it said 65 cents on the on the package where it doesn't glaze donuts I shout out how much is so to sell them for well we were we told everybody that we paid 65 cents and we sold it for a dollar the actual cost is 35 cents well being a pledge you always have to volunteer your car and everything else so I had probably of sure maybe 100000 in the back sheet of my car in the summer going from door to door into the day my back sheet was glazed and people still loved them and you know you know yeah I had so much so much for speaking I had to other look at it that's point number two number yeah that's what the guys always do when they borrow you know somebody's car this crispy doughnuts in the back yeah kind of yeah and it had a helmet and it was kind of gross and fun and they became the day where you could use cow eyes but it was oysters and came from like that those know you'll be good and the other thing is I was very good friends were taking the jole of motto and I spent time in their home and as far as far as a father of everything I'm seeing you know he was pretty good okay thanks oh okay thanks 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's Boca hello hi Neil yes sir we were you were talking about the foul suit like a learning with the crispy cream when you were over W i o d the first time we ever saw still and Andrew was an at a crispy cream in four waterdale when they opened up on federal highway and he was sitting there in a big W i o d truck all by himself nobody in the stores nobody at the crispy cream yeah we went up to him we said hello and he started in one of his routines we said oh this guy's gonna be great are you sure that you sure so we just wanted to tell you that he was down there doing the promotion for them years and years ago I'd be like that now what is he gonna come back or how is he gonna come back I know he's gonna come back some way of school and some way on the radio but he's not gonna compete against you yes oh bad this is a pretty great now what are we gonna do no you tell me I don't know I'm not looking right here right I have a left to in the right here so I'll be able to do those okay you don't want to come back this week among the Monday October 4 10 to one at night and the live and the 9 to noon in the morning that's right what is it well you love you I'm never going to be up okay thanks guys thank you sure that's what you say now here we hate you Neil we hate you we want you to die we can't stand you you're perverted fact you we just spies you we die got pardon me while I wiped the mucous off my body okay from last couple of hours but that's okay I'm used to it it's a city of love and brotherhood friendly nose reaching out and five six seven 100 50 pond V s sixty on the AT and T line twy the them somehow don't seem right better circumstances Goodbye. We're back. We the light and church are becomingネ어쏩 For me, the wand I don't Avoid Because I is Even the light Every time Every timeever There's something 거짓 Promotion administrative going. It's just amazing to me. First of all, if the two lives used there at 17, if they were talking about, Phil, I'm becoming back on here. Where did they hear that? Or where did somebody who called them and picked them off? Where did they hear that? There's only one place they could have heard it. That means they were listening over here. That's number one. Number two, I know if I'm on the year competing with somebody else, like they were allegedly competing with me, I'm going to brag about the fact that somebody else is going to be whoever I'm competing with. Not that I'm going to do it. Somebody else is going to do it. Oh man, give me a break. I want a joke. What an unbelievable joke. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. First of all, it's on the show. Did you read that article and sports weekend in the world? How about Whitney? I mean, it was originally saying it. Yeah. I took a look at it. Little ask. It didn't say anything. Like all our hockey articles, it said nothing. In second, do you have any information on Tom Green shows that is that out the year now? I mean, another show in Reef piece, but I think I started starting an October comes back with news shows. It's the funniest damn show. Third off. Or did one say something? Charlie didn't write it or do you spend? Okay. Have a great day. Okay. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hello, Ian. Yes sir. Yes, I'm calling up. I was once one of you know that you're doing a great job. Enjoy your show. And I just like I said, I just got back from some Connecticut. I've been away for a few years. Okay. Whatever happened to the to Alan Burke. Alan Burke show. Dead. Yeah. Cute. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T while it was on Pony voice that host. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. It's about a couple of years. I'm down here in South Florida, originally from March, I'll Canada. Of course getting excited for the upcoming hockey season. And being up there hockey, I mean almost impossible to get ticket at the form and the most intended all that. So looking down here, interesting games and tickets to the Panther game. Yeah. How you explain to me how they get away with charging $70 for the lower seat? What do you explain to you? It's called whatever the market will bear if there are people dumb enough to pay it. They'll charge it. I mean it works. That is in training. The concerts, the ones you know, once in a lifetime, you go see work. Right. Right. That's why they're having a bit of a time. So I'm seeing tickets is here. That's why they got another. Not just the one they had back on Worshushana. That's why tomorrow they have another ticket you're seeing in seat day from 10 a.m. the two p.m. glad you mentioned that at the macarina because they're so desperate to try and sell some more season tickets. That is just crazy. You're right. Oh my god. I'm not to mention the over price crappy food in the joint besides. Exactly. Not to mention that there's no drainage in the park. And lots of the one that we had a flood at the game last year that people were up to their goddamn armpits in water. No, you like I said, it's a whole different mentality. It just brings us your money. And if we put a crappy product out there, build complaint, just keep subsidizing us. You owe it to us and build us into a arena and build us into a state of and again keep in mind the Canadians by the way, pay the $11.8 million in taxes last year. More than anybody else in the league, the Panthers pay less than 100,000. Which is why you got that big stink up there that they're trying to get the lottery money and all the kind of money to subsidize the Canadian teams so they can stay in business. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Um, I don't want to know. Are you your leaf fan? Yes, sir. Are you a week on Toronto? No, Rochester. How come again the thing with the right across the lake? That's all we had. I'm ready to cross the lake. So you're a bigger leaf kind of empathas than that. By far, by a million miles, 41 years of excitement. All right. All right. Now, keep it a good job. A lot of this show you have is 10 times better than the crap you have of there than you tell you. Okay. All right. Thank you. All right. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. Go leaves go. Baby. I got to the right. Wait, I got my sauce. I'm going to highlights from last night's fourth reaction when over a bank cover. Leafs are looking pretty good again. Is here anybody here care about that? No. This guy is right. It's just amazing. It's astonishing. You see, the people down here, they're like, try to remake the real world. That's the thing that I love about so many of these people here. Like any place else you go in there, people are interested in, you know, ABC and the variety of things, all of these things. And here it's like, oh, no, you're talking to four language to us. We don't have another call from Boston on here, do we? Hello? Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Pretty good. I'm from Boston down here on vacation. Well, you're a football. Yeah. I always wasn't joining in at an I'm starving for lunch. And you're talking about you eating some some from Maccabre and grill yesterday. Yeah. What was that? Say you ate there about when the first open I tell you it sucked. I'll take a look. It was great. Galapini de Polo with which this year would angel air positive, which I passed on the positive was great. All right. I got to give that a try. I got one down the street from here. Okay. So, um, hey, you have a great show. I'm going to thank you a lot. Thanks. I love your bonge. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. I believe me. If I didn't like it, I would tell you because it's Gary Sarno's account. Okay. So, if I thought that it sucked at or that was lessons sensation, I would be the first one to tell you, but it was great. Now, they just keep that sparse or off the table. Their next time I go for dinner, I'll be real happy or anybody else. Just can I don't care whether he's dark, whether he's light, just keep the goddamn higher to help off the table. We don't need those things. Please, please. Wasn't that him? That was him. Oh my god. I feel like I've just had a goddamn cannonball stuck in my rectum. Wow. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. We hate Andy from Hollywood. We hate him. We despise him. We wish he would die soon. Die, die, you know. That's our wish for you on suckers as in subtrasse. God. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Thanks for your time. Okay. You figured that guy's still listening, huh? Yeah. Andy, you're still as he's still listening. That was him. Neil, I don't know if anyone has mentioned it to you today. I was watching and we see that my wife watching friends and stuff like that. Yeah. And they play the have a company of pitch commercial. I don't know if they could guys rest. No, the wrestling spot. That's my favorite spot. Oh, you've seen it already. Oh, yeah. Oh, I thought I found that. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. There's a spot for him to see on TV. Yeah. May I call someone a fish pick? Yes, sir. Ray and Eddie, major flaming fish bag. Okay, thanks. Okay, you too. Yeah, that wrestling business. That's a game club you more on. No question about you can deny it. All you want. You can get pissed off. All you want. Okay. We won't out you. But we know what that's all about. Okay. A little grab ass. A lot of grab ass and grab whatever else you get a fistful of dollars. $5.605.60 pound, $5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. They have a crabbian fish wrestling spot. Number one, baby. Oh, no. I'm not as good as the kid at a little offender on Oakland Park. Did I mention that by the way, 20 or 30 times? I felt like just parking my car right there and standing on a side of the road. Just steering. Yeah, what's wrong with that? Yeah, in fact, I left the compliment to the now I wanted to go over and say, listen, whatever, just a fender better. You know, whatever the damage to your car, I'll take care of it. We can work something out. No problem at all. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I think I had a call about the fraternity. Did he say something about, oh, they glazed his back seat. Yeah, they glazed it. That's backside. Right. Oh, uh-huh. And it, uh, it's good show. It's closing. Can I hear the Brittany bit? Shane was request. Okay. All right. You got it. And happy circus in Fort Myers, two by the way. Uh-huh. You hear that? He said, right. Very well, two by the way. It's a good job. Two bad. We can't talk to our good friends over there in Fort Myers because we got a bunch of cheap bricks running this off. And I'm going to tell you we got some real changes coming. And we'll just be underwear around this joint. These people are gotten a free pass for two freaking long. These people around here. That's going to change very, very, very fast. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, a long time, listen. How you doing? All right, sir. Listen, I'm going to do a little deal. I think you're great, man. When you leave this town, we're going to do it at your house. I don't know. I'm going to do it at your home. Listen, let me ask you a question. If there was to extend your contract, would you stay a little longer? No. No. No, no, no. No, no no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No. No, no. What's the question? I think that George does a great job. But nevertheless, you are the best, you know, in what you do. But I think when you leave. on George back on to talk about this wind club. He had a right to the edge of a rare major sexual experience. And then you know, there's nothing more to get in right to that moment of excitement. And then you know, just go live. I think he is interesting. I mean, he talked about a lot of things. I didn't say he was interesting. I just said that he hit him all excited. Or you know, I don't have that much with him. It's raining here in Miami. Like crazy. You know, Sam is over that celebrity golf tournament. We got we asked a, you know, pretending to do some work. And we just asked Clarence how's it going over there. And he said it's raining cats and dogs. Yeah, it's raining for a second. This whole weekend is going to rain. I hear listen, I got a car for you. You're ready? Yes, sir. I'm going to buy you a car. I love you. Okay. What happened to that avocado? I got to play that today. I love that. Do you know? 560, 560 pounds. It's raining cats and dogs. That kind of explains. And not another one of those guy damn days. Jesus Christ, are we getting tired of this or what? Huh, man. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, sir. You're picked that windbag and a major half-flop for nothing. Another one. They got with the eyes. For not being intolerant. Are you wrong? I am intolerant. Of guys like assholes like you. Him and Barry is boyfriend. But you know something. It's in my cousin. Any day, any day of my life that I decided to come in here. Even after I'm working, if I come back for a visit, they'll be there. Oh, Neil's coming over here. We're listening. So you can give me a song that I said before. They could put Jesus Moses, the Dalai Lama and Phil Henry and Howard and any other 20 people they want. And they could bring back Greg and the Pete Bulger doing voices. And these people all still be listening, especially them, the no lives. Thank God for... You ought to be kissing my feet, okay? I'm the only thing that gives some of you any meaning in your life. Especially in his God-dem best in the death, in his wilderness. Thank God for... ...am I God! This is 560, 2AM. You two, man! My family, boy, daughter, day! Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. I'm the only thing that gives me a heart. I'm the only thing that gives me a heart. I'm the only thing that gives me a heart. But I know that you keep on checking my heart. I like it. I'm glad you could come there with you. Check out my breath that's open and I'm lost at a deal. It comes on some day and I'm wasting my pain. And it sounds so hard. But if you wanna take me, you know that thing about me, I don't think you know. I'm on the way. And I'm the only thing that gives me a heart. But if you could go to jail and leave me with me, it's a free. You and your friend are me. She was 25 but she just escaped. I'm the only thing that gives me a heart. I'm the only thing that gives me a heart. But if you could go to jail and leave me with me, it's a free. And I'm the only thing that gives me a heart. I'm the only thing that gives me a heart. But if you could go to jail and leave me with me, it's a free. You should be scared of children. You're the man who all these stones bend ladies and gentlemen. I'm the only one who can live. I'm the only one who can live. How young is two young? It's one, all three at five, 60s, up in your QA. I'm 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Where I was born, Brittany was on much music video, world's last night. Anybody see that? No, I seen it. Looking pretty good there, Brittany, whether they're real or not. Looking pretty good. Not as lovely as a Jeff from 98 degrees in a course neck. Who can really sit? Even though he is ugly. A boy can sing. He can bring it. Let's do a Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Do you think you'll ever be as red hot as how it's done? As red hot? Yeah, buddy. You got to go like that. You couldn't even like get the words in a right order. Couldn't get the words in a right order. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Where I was lying though. I'll never have Howard's hair. That's for God damn sure. I'll never have his money or is here. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Can't hear you. Can't hear me? No, I can hear you. Okay, sorry about that. A little bit. Listen, didn't you have trouble with your little dogs that anal think their thing? No. Annel express? What? That was that was just a crazy lady. That was the, uh, scolding lady. Oh, I thought you had a problem because I just had a problem with what? What? A little doxon? Yeah. It's just cost me $1. We're eating lunch. We don't have to hear about your dog. Back home in the middle of lunch. Just cost me $400. Have his angels expressed? Correct. How'd you pay for it with Visa? Yeah. Yeah, I charge that. Okay. Well, good luck, pal. Don't do it again. And the middle of my lunch. And it's got to want to talk about his dog's ass. Oh, God. Why don't you want to do it? We got the best conversation list in this town and I'm going to cut my money. Can't buy the guy with the eyes by the way. The guy that I dumped before the last break, which I, I really shouldn't have dumped it. I should let it go on a year. But just hearing that voice, just knowing who it was immediately makes me die for that yellow button. Yeah, you should be, oh, you're an asshole for being, uh, for, for not being intolerant. The guy, he, not only are you pathetic and you look like crap, but you're illiterate to top it all off. You want to thank me for not being intolerant for my, uh, loyal listeners like him and Barry. His boyfriend, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the very, I'm going to tell you one thing right now. You don't want the beginning of the end for talk radio was in this town. And I was just telling George's doing it. And I'm not exaggerating. I'm telling you right now. I'll give you a little clue who the beginning of the end was for talk radio. I am that him. That's right. When Gary Bruce put your rentals on here and I once put twice on I would be on a weekend. That was the kiss of that. That's when the phone started going dead. That's when he started bringing all these misfits in and putting him on a year and catering and suck it up to them. It reminds me way way way way back in the days when I was doing night to night and Z. And they brought a guy named John McQ and put him on on a weekend, who's now a dead by the way. They brought him over from Fort Myers. Anybody over there remember John McQ? He's dead. He's to sleep in the trunk of his cars. So he's to sleep in the back of the car. I think he had his wife in the trunk is the way worked out. And the trunk was a shut tight. And his guy with the same thing. All right. It's the computer hackers in the computer or chronic. And he made the whole show catered to all the people that we were trying to get rid of. The rest of the week we were trying to get rid of these people and this guy would cater to them. And do a whole show to them. But you know the good talk. He's dead. He's dead. John McQ is dead. I'm sure it. God talk about opinion in the end. I am that him right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, I'll tell you one thing though. I do want to apologize to my good friend Andy from Hollywood. He's my favorite. He's a sweetheart. He could be seriously. He makes the guy with the eyes seem adorable. That's how we're voting Andy from Hollywood is. He makes the guy with the eyes seem like red pin. Like Ray Whitney. Here's a lady in crawl spring. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. The other day you were broadcasting. Sounded like some Canada. You know, story about the Canadian hockey players. You know, talking about the abuse. Well, in today's new time. Oh, and by the way, God damn it. Oprah Winfrey today, which I hate that bitch. But a four clock on channel four. That's your show is about the athletes. Young athletes being essentially abused and etc. But you're. Well, you'll like this. Listen to this little piece of an article. After the Canadian snowbirds flew north for the summer, the daily scale back their Canadian cover Canada coverage. And even when they were publishing dispatches on Canadian hockey and politics, the papers failed to pick up on an intriguing story with an actual connection itself. Florida. It seems that over the past 30 years, at least it doesn't meant from the Ontario border town of Cornwall, we're bringing young boys down to four waterdale for all expenses paid weekends of sea and sun and pedophilia. See this yet. Oh, right. The enormity of the scandal first became a parent three years ago when a man in the group who had first been a victim and then a victim miser came forward. The man who has since gone into hiding, co-police about the activities of many of the most prominent men in Cornwall, among them priests, lawyers and police officers. I was in a town called Cornwall. Cornwall. A special investigation that project truth was launched. The sexual abuse that began in Cornwall is led into the shelter that was in the town of Cornwall. That's what happened to the county. I thought you might be interested. Thanks for the good news. I've got to isolate it, incident. Thank you. More priests, finally, young boys. That just keeps dropping your kids back to church and keep putting the money in the place and subsidizing this crap guy. Just keep doing it and you will. Even though you know what it is, but because you've been so brainwashed and you can't open up your eyes and see, like, and sniff the fresh air and go out there and stand in a rain and like, bat your cleanser selves. God, just goes on and on and on and on. Oh, I'm so glad she called. I was forgot about my thing with a pulp here. Here it is. On page two, I speak in a Canadian. Look at his own rose colored glasses. And here's a picture of the pulp that doesn't look a day over 400 by the way. And there is bono from you too. Oh, whoa. Kind of despise you too. You too sing your bono. Quincy Jones and Bob Gelbough joined Pope John Paul the two and on Thursday and Castle Gandalfo Italy to support his cough or canceling the debts of the world's poorest countries with the new millennium. The three met with the pulp for 20 minutes to his residence outside Rome. And he welcomed them as delegates of the group known as Jubilee 2000, which is seeking the cancellation of the debts as a fitting gesture to mark the millennium. You are a great showman as well as a great holy man, a tireless bono tool to the pulp before slipping off his pink tinted glasses and handing them to the pot of as a souvenir. I think the pulp like the pink, by the way. Said lovely. Tideal like that. They're trying to cancel the debts of the world's poorest countries. Of course they are because they're responsible for it with all the overpopulations. They're making all these goddamn babies that they can't feed. So if you cancel a debt now, oh yeah, now start making a whole bunch of babies again because now we're not in debt so we can start from scratch again. It's like if somebody races did it and all your credit cards and now you go to town, maybe I'll chop it all weekend. Start from scratch and build it up again. Crazy people, that's what it is. See in the world through goddamn poos covered glasses. That's how it's got to be. Hey man. He's puffin' on something. I'll guarantee you that. Probably as we speak. 10 minutes after one at 5 60 WQAM. Can't beat that gater meat. Listen to the sounds of John Pauling. Oh, I'll do it again. Good, geez. You think about 2 million there like JFK. Good afford a better play. Good. JFK, I've got time flying. Good, so the price is up to the cheap and crappy things that flow. A bang, a depth line, heads up out the hill. Now, let's see, those things would benefit the lives of JFK. From what they call the can of the papers. If Dorothy killed Gallin' for the lives, she'd say, Here up it's only for a gift for us. This is the sweetest sound John Pauling. Third is flat and flat. Flutter, fourth is fake. It's so soft. It's got John Pauling. It's got a big difference. It's not 15. I'll follow it. I don't think it's 5 60 WQAM. So we get another facts from Gessu by the way. See, as long as I keep venturing in the middle never go away. So it's kind of like a catch 20, too. Here's my good close best personal friend, JP. Hello. How you doing? How are they going here? Great. I'm just trying to come. I'm just trying to say without you though. Yeah, I bet. I just want to see everybody who's doing just calling in. Not the same without you sweetheart. How was your vacation? Great. Where'd you go? Went to Amsterdam. Yeah. I could find out there. So how's Gainesville, huh? Gainesville is a Gainesville Gainesville. There's not many ways to explain it, you know? Yeah. About 10 bread, about to crazy get a fence. She'll get a lot of action up there or what? No comment. People could be listening and know me. Come on. If anyone knows. I'm a good boy. Okay, you're a good lot of action. Good. Now, whatever happened to you in your young lady friend, did you wish they could? We're still really good friends. Good friends. Yeah. But no longer in item. Oh, not really. Well, well, there's a lot of fish in the sea, JP. I'll tell you that. Yeah. Yeah. I'll see you up here. But yeah, we still, we still thought I'm coming in and sound as we can to go to my cousin's wedding and she's coming with me. Well, I wouldn't be a first, I guess. But anyway. Yeah. So how's that, Joan, on him doing? Everybody's doing great, man. It's the same place. But like I said, not quite, there's just an element lacking here. You know, we got a lot of ugly people working around here. How's Jeff Cohen, the most non-proverted. Yeah, I'm telling you, still ugly is every answer. Well, listen, that's great here from your colleague home sometime when you give real board. I shall. Okay. Take care. See you. There's the lovely JP who is incredibly boring on the phone. Five, six, what? Now he's a great guy and they look great, but he's so, and what about I always told you about that. Okay, people have sounded really good on the phone. They look like a, oh, crap. And people have sounded really dull on the phone. They're the ones that look really, really, I mean, really good. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T world of flying Andy from Hollywood says you are the guy who called an apology. I didn't call. I promised it wasn't me. Thanks for thinking about me. Andy, you said. Isn't it great to have him back? I want to be great when Phil starts on Monday, October 4th, so he'll be over to at 940 on an AM dial listening to the Phil Henry show and talk at a Margaret and all those wonderful people, characters, Bob Green. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T world of flying here is a dear field. Hello. Yeah, hi. How you doing? Okay, sir. I should call me off guard there. You were talking about the, the Pope, maybe, Puss him on something. Yeah. I think he's probably Puss him on an ultra boy. Yeah, I know. I know. I know. Hey, there was a caller. Maybe one of the Swiss guard. Yes. There was a caller last week to call in. He said that he could just got a ticket and there was too many police. Mm-hmm. Remember that? Yeah. Well, it just reminded me of my favorite song. Every breath you take by the police. Yeah. That's one of my favorites. Okay. Listen, there's this great new station on the dial. 17. I think you're just exactly what they're looking from between the AT&T and the AM or six. It was at six and eight, four and six. Sometimes, he afternoon that the brewer is very upset with their lineup. He's very frustrated because they got a bunch of crap on her and very basically is saying, Can't you guys do better than this crap? You're making me look bad. They're laughing at whaffin'. That's a very insane. So I would definitely get this guy over there, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's nothing, nothing worse. And people try to be funny who are like this last guy. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes, sir. You see that story about the, I think it was seven or eight years old. The kid that got hit by the county bus last night or yesterday morning. Right, hit by the bus, yeah. By the bus, right, by the bus, right, with their keeps running. Right, right, right. You see, I mean, the kid, I mean, they broke the story of whatever time it was noon or will actually in the morning. By noon yesterday, the family already said, we've got an attorney. We've hired an attorney. I mean, didn't even think about, you know, let's, you know, have a funeral. Let's get a funeral. How many of them? No, they didn't think about it. I mean, they made the statement that, you know, the, the, one of the family members said, you know, when they interviewed her, where we've already retained a lawyer. You know, the father didn't come and say, well, you know, maybe I'm partially a thought because I left my young child in the dark, waiting for a county bus to go to school, which normally I never do, but I forgot something today. You know, she's the whole world, no one's accountable for themselves. They're always looking at, you know, I mean, we're in at the lady has running to two other, you know, two poles, whatever to run in the stuff. Yeah, a couple of poles and now a black she does, you know, and she and maybe she's, you know, partially, I think she went over a frauds and her spare time is what I hear. But, you know, she's probably not able to, you know, what about the parents? Everybody wants to sue everybody. Yeah. I mean, this is nothing we don't already know. You're doing something. I'm gonna get a damn. That's the American fucking way to get it. I know, I know. Why don't you just, you know, make a lot of cash, man. It's just that, it's just sad that, you know, we did a couple of hours after it happened. They've already, you know, made that statement as a family. You know, I mean, they, you know, I don't know. It's just, you know, you're taking a sound bite from television and now you're, you know, you're characterizing a whole family. Based in what you see, taking out a context, you don't know what the hell the story is. Right. Okay. Okay. So, I'm going to go back to you. In addition to which ever seen some of these people that drive the school buses, I'm going to tell you something. I mean, I thought that Aunt Jeminal was dead and buried, you know. I see some of these people drive in school buses. It's a miracle they can get in the seat behind the wheel. They make out gold, they look like, uh, rumple stills can. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T, where I was like, and that was the person hearing from, not the person hearing from JP because we all love them. I sure do, but just on the phone, he just don't cut it, you know. We kind of phone. You follow what I'm saying? And now seriously, it's just he's not a phone guy. He's not a verbal guy. Right. Of course, you're a post-it-properer. 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and a four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Great. Like your preference, the conversation by saying first of all that, the fan blows. Hmm. And I'd like to add a little addition to your list of high probability homosexuals. All directors. Okay, great. 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T, where I was like, why do people do that? Why did they think that was going to let them out? People by name on the year and I'm going to let it go. I mean, are you some kind of a moron sir? see there I go again just like very jackass said see what's supposed to be nice to all the colors we're just supposed to let them say whatever they want oh yes thank you yes yes yes man that would be real exciting radio bury that's your idea of course you would know a goddamn radio bury if they stuck in your acto okay just like time jica we don't have anybody i wonder how long it'll be before times jick gets to fill in restoring other times is out writing about the radio he's out of that business five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrless line here's hollywood hello in you how you doing okay sir i got a full plate so i'll make up for these other callers please first of all any from hollywood i live on hollywood beach i'm embarrassed that you're a hollywood resident get that hell out now you're a bunch of Canadians and get the hell out of stick one and each sheaks back home exactly and second of all crispy cream i got a great job about crispy cream i thought like you was a local franchise right i should live in north by myself i would the Memphis Tennessee to see the king sorry Neil and down the street from far and down the street from Memphis believe it or not and all the uh... shard's air that it was the only solace i had was a big leeway and across the street was crispy cream that's why i hope it's love that area probably and with the same and why got so fed that that is a greatest place in the world it is i love it i wish i wish i wait about eighty pounds right now i can get up to one fifty by two o'clock exactly i see that stuff before the act in the thanks to you i lost forty pounds really yes yes i've lost a lot of weight great i'm not a thirty-way now all right and uh... i got to go to school to see if i can be right look about just like bread pit after i was all this way go ahead i don't call money older bread pit there you go and uh... you get your peter uh... mic at telefasters you're a douchebag and so were you one okay thank you Neil see you by see it crispy cream baby well i just opened up the map just leaving through my newsweek and i see that picture and right away oh look at that and there's even a picture of one of their donuts one of those glazed donuts i had a kind of a glazed look at my eye is i saw that built-in love them so i buy up all that stocky power you okay i just plunge by lungs out by the way speaking that can i take a look i i don't i haven't been watching it at all for a long time until i go home and then i get real depressed can i just a little bit of a stroke of it again i don't scroll as my girlfriend uh... not too bad so far but it usually doesn't happen until about three any afternoon when some asshole from the one of the corporations open up his mouth and says oh yeah all these text talks are highly overvited including ours and we can't figure out what's got to drop it like a rock now after open up my big mouth you see that yesterday the asshole from i cross off where is that i got it all opens up a big guy damn off and all of a sudden all of the stocky no not billgate to with some other and maybe it wasn't like for so far from one of those one of those marginal uh... one moment please yeah my first off there was one of the ass of wasn't him with some schmuck balmer yeah dropped uh... almost five bucks after you open up his mouth in the market went into a dive into a free fall and you know something those of us who got all this money invested in a stock market which is supposed to be you know for intellectuals people really want to make smart investment it goes to show you when that uh... maniac allen greens band talked about uh... uh... what was the term about uh... and it's the excessive exuberance something like that last year all of a sudden there goes everybody's money in the toilet this guy from my micro shop that nobody ever heard of yesterday he opens up his mouth two hundred points in the toilet because somebody just makes a comment a stupid comment because they're not taken before they open up their mouth and speak twenty six oh look at that now that's twenty eight and as that's down twenty four twenty one thirty we got along way to go and get fitted with no problem again today like corps I'm just feeling my name I'm just feeling my name I'm just feeling my name I'm just feeling my name I'm just feeling my name I think it's all that they all figured out When hiding our latent sea One thing is for sure we can Manage your dreams Why don't we go? Why don't we go? Why don't we go? We think that we can't bear to stay We can't win our day I swear we might gain Oh my god, this one you think you heard the worst possible thing And the history of the human god damn race When I tell you this and you know something this is the last straw for this kid This is not what did I tell them when they started with this crap When raw Going up this garbage trying to bring his body in with him again Oh man I said if that's the case I want nothing to do with this I will remember when we had the first meeting with your close personal friend the dearly departed one And then I said crazy caracetal and screw in and screw off Oh yeah we can get old data I said no if that's the case I'm not going to promote it I don't want to do with it I bet you said it one does my thing to do with it Okay okay we just had a spy report Guess who's at that celebrity golfer Oh man It's confirmed another spy report Confirm again Play That this murdering son of a bitch Oh man Is it our golf firm I'm gonna tell you I'm just I'm so psychotic I could spit blood on his goddamn horse ball equipment we got here right now He's one of the celebrities playing in the tournament when we said specifically We won't have anything to do with this thing if he's invited This is so freaking unacceptable I'm just I'm just spellbound I'm speechless That even a place with no conscience like this joy Because like I told you a million times it's not a radio station It's not a real business it's a goddamn fraternity You got Greg in his buddies Greg and screw in and same and then if you and what's his name Kind of rubbed off on him to I guess And that's it and they did it's a little play toy for these people and basically they lie and they do whatever and how they want And here's our program directly like how what's is that nobody's totally on you that he didn't know I know that we're not blaming you for it don't get defensive I'm sure you had because I like that totally you're not part of the club If I would have had any idea I would have never read one promo I would have never got I would have called my friends and said or wanted said whatever you do make sure that you have nothing to do with this Because we don't want to be associated with that murdering son of a bitch just because we got a bunch of people in this radio station Who got some kind of a fetish some kind of an obsession with his little dick Once again, WQM comes up looking like crap look at like a bunch of dummies God that it's just it's unconscionable like they really needed that right they only had a couple of fortunes left and whatever And they had all this long list of names and by the way you'll notice in the promos that they gave us there were all these other names that I read Was OJ's name ever on that list? No, of course not because it was supposed to be a big dark secret Oh Hey don't forget George and OJ will be appearing at the prime coast door together tomorrow from noon to two OJ can't make it. Oh, what a shame There'll be in the awkward plies at the prime coast from noon to two and Hollywood tomorrow just east of us during our sure not fine on the five and we'll have the QAM wheel to spin In fact, we'll have OJ nailed to the wheel and you can spin him a little bit That would get a big turn out Oh, I'm just when you get to the point where you think nothing that you could hear about this place whatever shock you amazing to support you Great you all of a sudden this This is the lowest moment. I would say even back in the days when Joey Reynolds was here in a old point They had minus ratings at his station under the previous owners. This is the lowest moment in the history of WQAM right now. So are you sure you don't want to talk to OJ? Who's that? Who was that? Guess Sam. Yes He's listening. He's loving it. If you don't want to talk to him To OJ. This isn't a joke Right, and we don't want to talk to OJ. We don't mind thing to do with OJ. This isn't a joke. This is a radio station This is a business which Sam you would know nothing about This is what happens when you turn a multi-billion dollar business over to a bunch of children They've taken the use of his own play toy. How many times have I said that on here? How many tieways have I gone through? And told us exactly the way it is here. I have never in my life in a history of my existence. I have never even imagined much less seen the kinds of things that go on here In addition to which I would appreciate if you would tell him to stop calling you on a line unless we got real business to do It's not a play toy for Sam that's also given to phone other people out there and giving the inside line here to play games with us today He said he didn't do that. Yeah sure Totally out of control. This place has spun out of control What did I tell you? They don't like prosperity Got all that billing coming in here even though we have to give it all the John Hambian win, but we got all that money roll it in here All those big numbers for the time being anyway Till they all move over to 1700 See I don't I don't take it as a joke I don't talk to murderers To people who were found guilty in the civil trial who were found responsible for the murder of two innocent people I don't talk to those people I don't have any desperate need in my life. I don't feel so and of course there we're with Sam again Who's always how many times have I said this in a pended if he can just be near if he can be around anybody famous or infamous It makes no difference then it makes him feel like he has an identity like he's a real human being which he's not 21 before two at five sixty wq amp God the code We've got a chance to be special You may judge them with change in the hammer Here are our square two five sixty two a-a If Friday you wear school Okay All right You can't Okay Okay You can't You can't You can't You can't You can't You can't You can't That night When she turned off all the light It's a play play She put her hand on the wall Okay We've got to get her Okay Without two kills Oh, okay Without two kills Oh, okay Without two kills Oh, okay Without two kills Oh, okay Without two kills One day The story's gonna set free Your day We know we've got to head your way Hey Oh, yes Who did you gotta get you If you Oh, yeah, you've got to come at the You And now you'll get away with that What the Who are you Who did you gotta get you We have to get you Our day We've got to get you Oh, okay We've got to get you Oh, okay Thank you Oh, okay Oh, okay I've gone Thank you One day Okay OK OK OK You can't You can't Oh, okay Okay, okay, okay, okay, you killed the poor, you killed the poor. I killed the poor. Roy. You come back from our time to go. Roy. I killed the poor. I killed the poor. Roy. What you've done is dead. I killed a poor lady who killed her. O' reading, you deceive me then you bite. W Silk on a get a huge ga titan, who died? 146 at 5.60 with the Qm. Just a must embarrassing place in the history of the human raised. Okay, so I don't belive it. to King whatever his name was and not be as embarrassed and humiliated by the kind of the barbaric crack that goes on King Titt whatever his name was. Here's the story. Twenty two arrested and right on Grenell's Park sex. A June sting at the North Miami Beach area park net at 37 arrests including two priests from South America. Thank you for the fact that the whole story that's spelled with an H.O. Okay so all of the days in our golf tournament were very embarrassed about it and I would just want to tell you right now we had nothing to do with that. And we're very embarrassed and humiliated in the program director's rate of blow is Brings out. But then again like I told you he's not part of the club. Here's Pemba Pines. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey that is pretty bad. They just not come in like that. Yeah. So we're so to speak. I just a couple of real quick things we want to share with you. Drive in during the mornings and I am looking forward to hearing Mr. Henry back on the two. Okay. Big of you to tell people about that. I was and I always welcome competition. I'm not pure and all of them all survived you know. Well he is funny. But just coming earlier in a week you talked about this mobile one F.S. go. I shut people off. I want to call then I didn't know George is going to be a prime codemar. But there's a whole new deal in cellular coming out to pike like in October. You're going to hear about 11 minutes salary or no more cost for men in coming out. And it's just going to revolutionize the cellular industry. Thank you for that. So just what people know don't sign any contract. Okay. Excellent. Thanks for the good news pal. No problem. Thank you. I want to be great. It's almost never even coming on Monday. Even in spite of. Okay. I mean it's almost the end of the week. I don't want to say it's almost Friday. I mean we've had a real rocky road today. It hasn't been to the lunch was great. Thanks again to our friends from Atlantic City subs. But I mean it. Yeah. We've had worse days than this. It was okay. Rollin long singin a song. And then this news. This unacceptable barbarer. And of course to them just like everything else. Just like today that they sent. Roll. And here during the middle of the show. Just like that a screw-and-sit him in here. Is it forward? Yeah. And then she brings a guy in who's leaving Tracy Curricate to pretend that he was the one that put him up to it. Did anybody with a brain believe that? No. No. We know what's going on here. It's your little club. Okay. And the fact that we got a general manager who allows these games to go on with his buddies here. It goes to show you man. Just how well us severe those pictures must be that they got locked away somewhere. They must be really something else. You know the pictures are Greg and Abiligos. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hi Neil. I got a quick comment concerning Microsoft. Yes sir. I, you know, in order to make myself try to understand what this guy's done. And I have to make up some kind of, that's worth it. You six billion dollars a million. I know. And he himself lost one point two billion dollars. I mean. Yes, do they? Yeah. Okay. Somebody to be so stupid. Yeah, but you just have to know they're not that stupid. There has to be some reason that they did this. That's right. That's right. They have to be doing something to make that stock now look a little more track. Right. They're, they're. But keep in mind, if it's one thing, if it just was the text stocks that went down. But the Dow, which didn't even anything to do with most of the other than the AOL, other than that, it went down 200 points after this guy opened up his mouth. Well, if you figure, you know, I don't know how well the fund managers are, you know, are managing their their entire portfolio's. But the thing is usually when when one gets a bit of a riffle, you know, in it, there's usually, you know, they touch the others. But NASDAQ man, I mean, how can you do that? Not only your own company, but I mean, he's touching based with all the text stocks. And you're going to have a lot of enemies. And his comments were unbelievable. Talk about how grow, testly overpriced all the text stocks were, including his own company. I mean, like, like we're saying here, this got to be some ulterior motive because nobody is that stupid. I have to.