And before I forget, happy birthday to Crystal George's lovely wife who puts up with so much. And anyway, 10.03 or 5.16 WDQA. Yeah, let's go smoke some pot. Let's smoke some right here in this studio. What do you say, huh? Not the end of the world. I went out cold steam called you from Amsterdam. It gave you a big song dance about the cannabis symposium, whatever was alleged. I don't know that only he and how he can have this. Because the people over there don't take it like a bunch of children. If there's anybody in the world who doesn't need to be smoking weed, it's algal steam. Okay, as in, oh my god, I'm telling you, I have a vision of one day going to Amsterdam, walking down the damwack and seeing this big, gigantic walrus like body sprawled out on the street, surrounded by empty bin and Jerry's cartons. Would a big smile on his pussy? Right now, you cow, you pig, you maniac. We love him, but he's a big, he's disgusting. Here's a mobile and bulk of my first call back, hello. Hey, Neon, how you doing? Pretty good sir. You have a good trip. Great, the best. I thought you, I won't, in fact, I saw you yesterday. I thought you last week too, I won't. You finally, yesterday? I saw you say, my name is Airport, you were getting driven by a friend of mine, Jamie. Right? Yeah. By the way, thanks to Lone of the limo driver who may be an asshole, but nevertheless, his guys did a good job and thank you. It was a good deal. Jamie, Jamie is a good guy, good friend of mine. Yeah, he's a good Julio. He's a good Julio. He's a good guy, he's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Hey, I'm on, I'm the little driver of the car you last week. Right. And I talked to you. Yeah, but you were not in Lennie. Yeah, I know I don't like Lennie, but I like Jamie. Jamie is a good friend of mine. Yeah. I can't say much for his boss, but I can say a lot for her. I really used limo. They used like Volkswagen and stuff like that. But nevertheless, it was okay. It was very comfortable. It was a great trip. As long as you had a good trip, you didn't have a great trip. And it was real fine. I got a friend of mine out. Go ahead. So anything you want? I'm going to great mood. I just had a great night. I drove this gentleman's car. He's a Neil Wilder. I love the owner. He's a great guy. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say hello to you. You're a member of something. Sure. The great people are the newlies. They're the great people. Just have to write. That's how I met him. I'm a little bit more accurate. You did it. You did it. You did it. I really appreciate it. You're a great guy. You're a big kid. Tell me to a good job. There's a big kid for you, buddy. Okay. I hope you have a good day. And back to have a great day. I got my hour ready. Grab your back. May your mind listen to me. Okay. Good. Oh, God. Oh, yeah. That was a good guy. It gets off to a great start. Unlike the Elastin I'm leaving. This is the one call that sticks in my mind. It's kind of stuck at around like this guy a little bit. But then at the end of the call he throws in a little shot for George. He says, Oh, you know, why you're gone? You know, I'm going to be doing. I'm going to be listening to your buddy. Feel why you're gone. Now, that maybe that's the case. Why do you? Yeah. George is wiping the crocodile tears from his eyes. And by the way, the George is getting his bonus yet. Oh, so regardless, one way or the other. I got my check in my pocket already this morning. That's really. He's like, hey, man. So I'll grab read out in the hallway there. What that stupid look on his face is the same. Look, they like the one before I left. The same Gregory look. Eeeeh. That's always covering his push. But I got my check in my pocket and that's why I came back. That's all. It's a business man. It's a matter of survival. That's what it's all about. First thing right out of the box this morning. Get up after a great. I went to bed quarter nine last night. Of course, keep in mind. That's a quarter of three answered the end time in the morning. So it's been a long, long day to now plain drive. And by the way, Martin there, not enough fancy, not spectacular food. But they did a good adequate job, not too bad in the prices right. Thank you so much Martin there. Why am I thanking him? I paid for it. But nevertheless, no seriously, they do a pretty good job. They're okay. First thing out of the box. I turned on the news this morning. What do I pick up my newspapers out of the driveway? What do I see? Here we go. Welcome back to my email. All right. Three friends died in shooting in Hollywood. One guy was 24, one kid was 21, one kid was 18, they're dead. In Hollywood. I was an Amsterdam nine days that I see anybody get shot. Did I see anybody with a gun besides the cops? No. No. And that it's interesting. Where did I see somebody get arrested and wait to hear this? I'm getting changed. On the damwack. I'm changing dollars into gilders. I'm up there getting changed. And there's this one place, not the apoptics changed, which is with two things, by the way. But the other place, which is like by the dam hotel. And if you had to walk up a couple of stairs and it's in between, it's a narrow thing. But they give you a greater change rate. So I'm standing there. They're pretty busy. And there's a two windows. But the one window isn't moving. So we're all in one line at the one window because the other one there is this afra corner standing there. And the woman behind the counter, he's got these long bills. I have no idea what country they were from. These long streams looking bills purple and yellow very colorful. And the bills too. And anyway, she's looking and looking. And now some of the people of three or four of us in line were getting lanty because this, this other line is in moving. And now the guy is the, all of a sudden, cell phone rings don't trust people with a cell phone. And by the way, everybody in the brothers got a cell phone now all over the world. Even the kids. Drone dealers, everybody they got cell phones used to be beepers now at cell phones. So he goes down and he takes his call. He makes a mistake. He comes back. Now some other guy comes in the booth and the woman is looking at the bills and she's on the phone and she's posh. He says, what's the matter here? What's going on? And all of a sudden, here come two of Amsterdam's finest, including a young lady cop. Come up there and then she says, do you speak to whatever line he has to do? Oh, that's nice. Well, guess what? The bills are no good in your underwear rest. I hand him go and he's squealing, squealing like a stuck big. Yeah, why, why? He squealing was great. I was expecting that baby to come charge in, I'm from inside. A shfarts, you're passing counterfeit money. How do you like that? I saw two incidents in nine days. I understand that I just had this problem. I've been honest with you about that. I have a problem with dark folks. I just keep being in a wrong place at the wrong time because we're all the good dark folks are. I'm never there. No, seriously, but were they annoying and abad and the dangerous and the, yeah, one day I'm walking on the street mine in my own business on the route of Vaseline there. I hear two cop, the sirens are, which is very unusual there. And I see these two young cops running around the corner and everybody's looking because it's so unusual to see anything like this. And who have they got backed up against the wall? They're frisket and some shfarts are. So I saw two on what you would call on toward incidents in the nine days that I was there in Cno shooting in your dog shot. Two on toward incidents and they both had to do it. So my luck were fighting the nice black people with some nice black people. Please call us sometimes. Please. Really? I'm sure that you're out there. I'm sure that there are a lot of you darkies out there. Very nice folks. Although the pope wouldn't like you. Popeyes. Boy, thank you again for this book by the way, the guy that sent me his name is, uh, what that was his name? Randy Miller. Thank you, Randy. I read this book on a plane going over and come back. It's enough to make your blood boil. It just pisses you off. Frost your ass. Come on and chat to ten. It's five sixty WCW. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM B-3 acquisition court. There's been a lot of things in everyone's mouth, Christmas Carol. But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year. That's why I said, until now, introducing kind of good Carol's on TV. John, you're a cop and it's all these light that's less, less, a sense of, thanks to you. Oh, he's new, he's a smelly scent, you're not a bunch of. You're like the Carol's on TV. Things like that, Rachel. As a gift to hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season. On the night, I am hung on my bottom, okay? Okay. Hey, I'm trapped with a seven slaps of concrete, so I'm gonna take a lot of fun. If you're tired of the old traditional song of the holidays, here's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know you. And you'll pass the bike if a gentleman say, oh, you know what we say to baby. Ha, let's go, let's come in. True, ha, ha, ha. It's kind of a Carol's on TV. It's a holiday collection. You just can't pass over. Anybody want to buy a Hanukkah Bush? 1015 at 560 W.M.S.W. I'm so into it. Getting back to this original thing I was talking about the three kids getting to shot. And here's the thing that a paper this morning and yesterday is the Sun Sentinel medical pot laws flashing with DC. Here is the country where it's okay. Everybody can add guns. We've got a whole movement of assholes with gun, gun lovers, gun hunters, gun squeezers. Everybody demands that they've got to have their guns. People get shot left and right, but marijuana is illegal. How come, how come, it is that all those people over there are most immersive lives? And again, the only untoward thing, the two episodes I told you, the counterfitter and the sparks are getting arrested for under turman reasons. And the sparks are standing in the street, crack, which are there must be a factory where they stand those people out. Because they're reproducing dramatically. Where where did they come from? They must have like these big, big, gigantic ships that come from the Caribbean. They just ring thousands of these people there and they can't say no because they all have a Dutch citizenship. All over the place. Go, excite, go, get out of here. Yeah, of course you don't pay any attention to them. You just stop over a couple of them and go out of your business, go on your way. But other net, there's no problem. You don't see all these people. It reminds me of this guy, this punk that called this show. And I think of some of these assholes. The call is programmed. So many of them. Gingy, that song to the answer about, oh, he was there for a couple of weeks and he can't imagine how you could be there and not become a drug addict. Remember that call? How could you possibly go to Amsterdam and not be a drug addict? How could you live there or stay any length of time and not become a drug addict? Did I do drugs there this time? No. Oh, been there 60 times. Do I ever do drugs when I go there? No. Just wait, it's about to... Yeah, it's like saying, you can't possibly grow up in the Napa Valley without becoming a wino. That's right. You can't grow up in Milwaukee without becoming a boozehound. Without drinking at least 20, 30 beers a day. Huh? That's right. So, it's just stupid on the face of it. Now if you happen to have a weakness, if you've got a problem to begin with, it's probably not a good idea that's not a place you want to go to. Yeah, maybe the Vatican would be a good place to hang out. You're like in a little boy's things like that. Go to the Vatican. I'll show you the ropes. Maybe I'd even help you tie him up a little bit. Here is this story. Medical pot laws clashing with DC, pain and suffering, drug argument. Jack, this is what Aberdeen Washington. Jack 67, a former pair of two-proved never smoked pot when voters in Washington approved a new medical marijuana law year ago. Since then, he's been diagnosed with a tumor in his lower back that has left him an agony barely able to move. Now, his doctors in law enforcement grapple with a measure he has two words for anybody who dares interfere with his efforts to seek relief by smoking an occasional joint. Back off. Or maybe the first one begins with an F. Yeah, I kind of looked at the rock toward that guy into one of my spots that George was telling me about last week here. About that McCumbia tumble, whatever hell is F.N.A.M. What's the funniest thing that happened all week? There are a lot of us going through some severe pain and says, Jack, in my government, A.D. will nothing for me he declared, I needed I have to have it. He had it before letting a joint in his Aberdeen home. It makes you forget your problems in your pain. He says, that Jack and a friend who delivers his marijuana both as the thing not be identified illustrates the status of Washington's zero medical marijuana law. An issued a 692 patch with 59% of the vote despite predictions it would lead to a movement to legalized drugs and cause a surgeon marijuana use neither has happened. I would be like that. In other words, this guy ain't fallen. Jack. Instead, physicians in law officers are law enforcers are developing professional guidelines. The state recently added Crohn's disease, a painful bowel disease, to list the qualifying ailments that include AIDS, multiple sclerosis, glaucoma, and intractable pain, and it is considering request to add hepatitis C. It appears that few of any patients have been prosecuted, but serious obstacles remain. And you want an OY? That's the American fucking way. That's right. The federal government is not re-lended in its opposition to legalizing marijuana for medical uses. The justice department is challenging voter approval laws in Alaska, Arizona, California, Oregon, and Washington. Main voters approved a medical marijuana law this month. Main, all those cross-the-world languages up at Maine is it, okay? Authorities in Washington still don't know how to define a vague provision in the state law that limits patients to a 60-day supply of marijuana. Prosecutors are waiting for the course of the legislature or scientists to figure out how much pot is a reasonable 60-day supply. Maybe your audience can answer that question. How much pot is a reasonable 60-day supply? How many kilos is a reasonable 60-day supply? We would love to have a dosage standard Pierce County Prosecutor John Layton-Burset. We're playing it by ear and trying to do the right thing by what the people wanted. Jack DeForme, a parent triple with cancer credits marijuana with curbing his nose. Here we're storing his appetite and helping him sleep. But despite the year old law, he asked it as real name to kept secret for fear that the government would cut off payment for his regular medication. That's the American fucking way. Law officers also are frustrated because groups that deliver marijuana are still breaking the law. It's a felony to deliver a controlled substance, but the initiative is so vague that it makes prosecution difficult said Laytonburg the Pierce County Prosecutor. As we continue wasting millions and billions of dollars with this crack. And these initiatives, by the way, are passing overwhelmingly in state after state. Even in state, even in right wing states like Arizona, for those crusty old right wingers, the home of Buried Goldwater, overwhelmingly it passes. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, sir. Yes, sir, I'm holding for Neil, I guess. You're speaking, though. Hey, Neil? Yes, I am. Gosh, you're so kind of weird. Yeah. I just wanted to tell you, I think about a three month, two months supply is not three ounces. Yeah, I'm sitting in my doctor's office right now. Yeah. And I'm a room at Toydard's right, as patient, I've been for ten years. Right. I've only opened the pendant and the only thing that really works is smoking a fat dupe, everyone's at a while. And I'm prevented from doing so. Yeah, I'm on. Yeah. That's right. And if not what I'm interested in, I want him to say, hey, go ahead and do it, man. Yeah. I'll say, I don't want to get into trouble, of course. Well, I'll tell you what, I'm going to answer that, man. Get on the plane this weekend. I was supposed to go last week. I was supposed to come back on Sunday. My friends went over there. Yeah. They might have even run into you there. I mean, they were part of it, but I couldn't do it because of my condition. Okay. So let's push for legalization, man. Okay, no, no. Okay, man. Thank you. You're looking. Some kind of strange. Oh, that was me. That's not a kind of strange. Here's a mobile and alligator rally. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Listen, I've been listening to you about the marijuana issue. And I just started you out about 10 minutes ago. You've got a couple of special interest groups against this. They're obviously the alcohol, obviously they don't want it. The government can't control it. They got to tax it. Yeah. The other thing is the tobacco people in the country. Well, I mean, they can't control it. They control tobacco pretty well. And they taxed it. They make billions of dollars, which is why, in spite of all their process. Well, all of their screaming and yelling, the fact is that it's still legal. And then the reason being because they don't want to lose all that tax money. Well, I agree with that. And they've got to control it and they've got to tax it. And then we've got to get you there for the money. But it's not going to happen. So it's not going to happen because it's a goody to issues. Hypocrinical country. Where everybody's got a bookie. A legal gambling against the law. But everybody's got a bookie. And they wink and they look and they make a big joke out of it. Everybody smoking the wicked weed. But again, it's against the law and people in our work. How many hundreds of thousands of people go to jail in this country every year for possessing a growing pot? I want for caring a roach in our ass trade. Right. Exactly. Anyway, let me ask you about the conversation. Can you speak to the victim about what? I've become so we're going to do anything to share. No. Goodbye. Okay. Yeah. Lose a lot of games. How's it going to do anything this year? No. Lose a lot of games. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. That out of time line. What does that number? That you got a call from all over the country last week on that line? No. Okay. I told you the first couple days just like on action. It was a big novelty. It rang off. We had all these calls from all different places. And then it was like, who cares? 877, 785, Neil. And we got a major scam alert coming up on his show in a few minutes. By the way, oh, yeah. I haven't forgotten about this. I'm saving this. This is the centerpiece of the show today. We may get Ted David on the phone. Major scam alert from Saturday's business section of the Miami Harold. Which I managed to keep this. See, they come to me and tell me things that are supposed to be secret. I keep a secret. It's probably about green says, I don't go black and a big mouth all over the place. But then when it shows up in the newspaper and it's supposed to be a big secret, I wonder what was the big secret? Oh boy, this is going to be one of the great scams. And I want to alert America. I want to alert potential investors all around the world at this bogus scam. Don't give them your money. The one at Beesley's. I'll get to that in a minute too. Unbelievable. So I'll put it to these people of God. Don't be so stupid. No, no, no, no. No. Here's a mobile and dain yeah, hello. Hey, yeah. Yes sir. Good to have you back man. Yes it is. I listened before I get to my, my topic here. I just wanted to, so George, he did a great job while he was gone. Yeah. You know, not that he got e-dow. There weren't a lot of callers. But I sure delish them and I have fun. So I've been there a lot of callers. You said the phones were smoking. He said he had more calls the first hour than I get in the whole week. No, they want to release that. They were what? They weren't real callers. What do you mean by that? They didn't really have much to say. I don't know. I get great calls. What, what, what are you smoking man? Oh, thank you. That's what if you get stuff. Yeah, I'm going to send it over here. Boy, you must be smoking a really good stuff. Yeah, well, that's basically that's my topic. I mean, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what, I want to think man, it's just, I mean, for once, and hopefully one day, they'll just finally go ahead and just finally just say go ahead, everybody smoke as much as you want. What kind of a country can this be? You talk about freedom, okay, the land of the free. You can't smoke weed and you can't say the word tits on a year. What kind of a country could this be? Seriously. I'm over there in Europe and you turn on the over the channel, over the year channels on TV. And you see all these breasts that make it people and people doing all this stuff. The guy Fox has got a channel over the Fox eight channel they call it. As an NPE I think. And they're like, oh, naked breasts on it. There's all kinds of nudity and stuff. Here you can't even say the word much less show it on TV. It's unbelievable. I mean, I think we should just walk walk all the way over there just like we have all the refugees that flock in for our country. So we love to just go over there and just just smoke. There you go. Now you're talking man, we're going to, we're just going to give this country all the refugees. We'll go over there and have a good talk. Give it to the Cubans and Hitchens and all that. Porterman and have the new one. Yeah, buddy. Yeah, all right. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah. 1026 at 5. 60 W to Q a m. Oh, yeah, wait till you hear about this scam. Because most people don't read the business, especially on Saturday. It's personally a holiday weekend. That's probably the way they planned it. The one of these liars are right at again. And now this explains a lot. I come back after nine days away. I'll get off the elevator with fat boy who came up this morning. Put a lot of weight on the elevator. We get off the third floor of the elevator opens up. We look out there. Little coat of paint on one door there. That's the progress. But then we look over to the right. And here's this flood. I was wondering where to have what happened to know it. He had lead town because the flood just re occurred right up here in the third floor. And all the stuff they put down is if we're going to put the new carpeting down someday. If they can afford to pay for all ruined all this throughout all this color. It's a toilet. It's a mess. Nice gone. Greg looks really good. Here's the. I know people that wouldn't even work for any amount of money in, you know, and environment like this. I'll just take the money. Only one South Florida radio station has. And it's a. It's a. Or something to it. Go for it. We've got the news of two sports radio 560 QAF. Holy makin' on. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. He's. Every time I think of you. It makes me pack. Enough. You just walk in a room. And you say hello. And I like to kick your butt. There's just something about you. Then makes me want to scream. So often you. Where's you a dog? Away. I'll just get them. Yeah. Oh man. Where did you get? That's too big. There's a message in my finger. And I flip it because you make me so make. You got that friend. You're really, really too. Did I mention that you're also fat? You had enough. You got to come in. Don't think you should be surprised. That you made me crazy. And don't tell me this is the first time. So I'm just in here. You're always such. A pain. If I can't do. Did I miss? And don't change. That's 33.5. I'm 50. I'm a 2.5. This friend is here. From set to 1.5. This is me. 50.645 is a very unsatisfactory total for set to 1. But that also doesn't include. It's still got the same question mark from spectrum two weeks ago. Called and waiting. Which I don't understand how that's possible because it's got the amount from the follow-in week last week from specs. Does that make any sense to you? No. You might from two weeks ago on a store as we don't have. But from life as we do have is that on a possible. But anyway, you can get your best in the LCDs and cassette at all your specs, stores including over and 4 mires. And you can call center one to get the key chain. Yeah, you can. At 9.5.4.5.6.3.2000. And also it'll be doing some more of those van hits with George and then if you had a couple of real good ones last week, I understand. And raise 3.600 bucks. Oh, man. In two days, everybody in their brother wants these goddamn key chains. And why don't they hold on? Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Great. Welcome back. Thank you so much. I want to comment on something you talked about right out of the box. You're talking about back home for a few minutes. And all you heard about was the line. Yeah. Well, I heard you had on a one page of the papers to read dead kids in Hollywood. Well, I don't know if this is in the newspaper, not to like an only patterned what heard on the new station up the dial there. Heard about five o'clock this morning. Yesterday afternoon on the turn by breast area, two bus drivers got into an argument. Yeah. Did you hear about this one? No. Oh, well, they said they were transporting children, not children. College students back to Calhassian, game field. One bus company driver out of Gameville, one from Miami bus company. The Miami bus driver stabbed this guy in the chest and the shoulder and in the throat. All right. They got arrested. Great. Unbelievable. It is so sick. It's funny. Yeah. Oh, Miami. I mean, let me say it again. I was nine days. That's not a life private until we can have. And if it's about the 60th or 70th time, I've been over there and Amsterdam. And I didn't see anybody get stand. We didn't hear about any shootings and emirters. You walk the streets. Everybody's got a smile on their face pretty much and that's it. Life goes on. The violence is so much a part of our lives. We're just numb to it over here. Yeah. I just I don't buy it anymore. See, that's amazing excuse. You know, if you accept bar bearer activity, it makes you bar bearer. Cause something, you know. I understand. I can't accept it. I understand. Okay. Watch out for yourself, pal. Take care, Neil. See you. Yeah. And then we become the net full crap. If you care about human life, if you ever respect for that, you do care about these things. And thank God that I'm here on a year. The one God them lonely voice in the whole history of the human race. Saying these things. Does anybody care? Oh, but I'm getting paid good to do it. Seriously. I mean, why doesn't anybody care about these things? What kind of things did they care about? Why do you think Dan can play good against the cold sex weight? You know, they had on CNN text. You can want to look up like the stock market or sports scores or whatever. And your TV said in a hotel, you punch up the CNN text. And it shows you, you punch in the number for whatever you want to look out. So on Thanksgiving, they sure enough to dolphin to play that Dallas game. I thought, well, I wonder how that came out. It was like late at night by one or two in the morning. I don't know, which is six, six hours ahead over there. So I figured, well, that game's long since over. I'll look on here. And I come up to the page, which has got the story on the two NFL games. And here's the Lions game comes up. And now here is the dolphin Dallas game. And the first sentence said, it was the most bizarre wording. It said, Jimmy Johnson's homecoming to Dallas was ruined by the return of Dan Rino to the lineup. And I thought to myself, that was very unusual wording, but the people in Miami would have said, ah, god damn him. They would have loved it. Some of the Miami must have wrote that, proceed in. Jimmy's return to Dallas was ruined by the return of Dan Rino to the lineup. What a way to put it, huh? Here's Papadol B. Chillow. Oh, and you'll get to have you back. Yes, sir. I have my 19 year old son down here visiting and I'm taking back the San Francisco. I just want to comment, I want to scale with one of the two younger, British people and they own clothes and of course loans of those homes. T, uh, borrowed tobacco company. Yeah. And they have actually, uh, go, they're able to go both ways. They actually trade more sexual. No, no, no. Ha ha, trade mark the, um, uh, I could book a gold all these various names for for weed. Right. And they've worked in where? Oh, there's, uh, filed on the US. You know, you can look it up and watch it and you can see. Look it up on the internet. You mean just in case you get legal on it? Exactly. They're waiting in the wind. Yeah, you got it. Well, I'll tell you, I want to get to hell of a lot less harmful. You don't know. I'm not a long thing to say. I'm not. I'm just saying that members, these are the same guys that all spent one day in front of a Congress, congressional committee. Yeah. And they all said that nicotine is not addictive. Yeah. Yeah. And so I just thought that, you know, of course they're not prosecuted by the Justice Department. Because they're all CEOs of, uh, uh, nature corporations. Yeah. That's the American way. And so, uh, you know, I just think that the guy they called before is it all wrong. These tobacco companies don't go, they'll sell anything. You know, of course it's, well, there's a business. Exactly. The guy said in network, the world is a business, Mr. Bill. And it is. That's everything. That's what it's all about. Yeah. I mean, just like if you didn't have good ratings, you wouldn't make him good. You better believe in man. And, uh, I have a shameless request. Yes, sir. Uh, for my son, uh, 19 is so faking. You've got it. All right. Don't make sure he covers his ears though. And always 19. Like I said, I'm a great day. You're in America. Pal, make sure he sticks his finger at at least one ear. Because this is America. We have to be repressed and up tight. About everything, uh, except guns. I'm just going to hit our bad. Just keep that in mind. Okay. That's right. And don't even think about penis. How's he doing, by the way? 21 before 11 at 5. 60 WCWM. Why? Is that the real? Listen to me. It's just stand by and speak for self-economic. You understand? Where everything is out to the high, self-economic standards. The selection is in just huge. It's self-economic huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And self-economic prices aren't just low. There's so-economic low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say self-economic as a beautiful store, I mean self-economic beautiful. And I can't describe it helpful. I mean self-economic helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the self-economic enjoy a selection that's so-economic huge. I stare at self-economic turtists and try to say that as so-economic low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied, custom-a-prank and stine. Uh, so-economic good. Oh, you know, set it fracking so fat, king. Good. Pent 44 at 5.60 WCY. By the way, made a mistake. Made a mistake before I went away. It's the first mistake I made about 50 years. He said, come back to these vacations. God called him was talking about the Nazis. And he said that. I was the guy who's general thrust was that the atheist did the ones always kill everybody. And of course, they've been plenty of, you know, the Russians and the Chinese. They've been the only killed their own people. That's not the point. They slaughtered millions and millions of people. So there have been, but again, that hadn't done the religion that had to do strictly with suppression and with politics, which everything, including religion, is politics. Business. And I made a comment that the Nazis certainly weren't atheists, that they were good Catholics. And they were not Catholic. And I'm reading this book, The Hitler's Pope by John Cornwell. About Pope Pius, the 12th of was an objust and obnoxious subhuman, a hateful, miserable, peace of crap, who fit perfectly into the church, by the way. And it refreshes my memory and George calls them the Aryan Christians, which, you know, he can call them that. But they were Christians except for Hitler and gering in the Gobles and Hamler and a few of those who were just crazy people. And the other reason that they hated the Catholics was not because of the fact that they would enter a religion or religious interpretation. But because of the fact that the Catholic Central Party was the leading political party, the biggest party that they Nazis, the National Socialist Party, had overcome. And subdued which they did with the cooperation of Pope Pius, the 12th, Eugenio Pachele. Yeah, Eugenio Pachele. What a wonderful Italian boy, Eugenio. Here's a nice Nazi over here. Give him some pasta. And anyway, you read this book and you just want to scream. You don't want to, you just want to hop right off the plane, bust the window and just hop right out. Well, and by the way, speaking of that, speaking of that, we don't want to offend the Arabs anymore. Do we do the Egyptian? No. George is good friend of the Arabs. Yeah, you notice how that story has changed 600 times. And now we don't hear too much about it at all about the Egyptian airliner crash. Yeah, well, he said this and he said that it's kind of like that thing in the Godfather 2. It was between the brothers. Remember? It was between the brothers. Yeah. Oh, yeah. They told me to say, so I said, yeah, whatever you want, church. Don't call you any divested. I'm Callioni. Did that? Whatever you want, church. I didn't know the Godfather. I was in the olive oil business with his father. Right. Same thing with this thing. All the Egyptians don't want us to say that it was a suicide that this guy killed all these people. Okay, we won't say it. We didn't really hear that in the first place. Now we're listening to what again. Now we got some good interpreters. Those were the evil empire interpreters. Now we got the good interpreters. Who don't dislike the Egyptian so much. They're going to give us a different spin on this thing. Of course, the plane isn't going to be spinning anymore because they're already crashed. But they're going to give you a different spin. We have to be politically correct, not just internally, but with the whole world. Let's do your spend anybody. Once you're a bull crab, here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you. I spoke to a couple of weeks ago about the movie, dogmas, and all they see here, every lives, and all the people, caught in such a stir while doing your absence. I had nothing to do with my time. So my wife and I went and saw a movie. And to be honest with you, these people are nuts. It was a funny movie. You're reverent. I don't think anything was offensive in there. My wife used to be Catholic. She didn't find anything offensive about it. And, you know, perhaps they had the one. When you have George Carlin as a priest, maybe that's a little irreferenceive people. I thought it was a riot. And the people would just take a time to go and see what they're criticizing. I think they would. But those are always the ones that screamed a lot. So the ones that haven't seen it, but they heard that it was very irreverent. And they heard bad things. And therefore, don't go see it. And it's disgusting. Well, you're all with the way it is. Well, they also draw more attention. They didn't do anything. Right. They're movies only made it like two and a half stars. And not the greatest movie in the world. People with those, they see it. They tell the fans and those. It's just ridiculous. They give more PR to the movie. Then it's worth life. Yeah. I want you to never, you never want to even go to see it. If it would have been for all the hoopla. Absolutely. You don't even have the concept of it. Okay, pal. Thank you. God bless. I'll pray for you. And your wife. 560, 5050, 5050 on the AT&T line boy. Sure, hope we get a call to the other town line. They may yank it right out, especially after I do this expose. 877, 785, 6345. Don't let me forget to come back to this book Hitler's Pope later on. A couple of things that I want to read. Especially is that it, do we know that is attitude about the Jews, you know? But is attitude about blacks and the black soldiers that the French were using the African soldiers? Don't let none of those black those darkies here at the role. After the war, you know, we don't, don't forget them in here. So one thing about Pope Pius, he was at least an equal opportunity to bash your. He didn't pretty much like anybody. 877, 785, 6345. Is that line line working now? Maybe they pulled it up. It sounds like it's working to me. George City was loaded with calls in that line last week from Pocci, in Pioria. And no? They got two calls. Oh, yeah. On a big 800 line? I mean, from actually out of town. That's why I'm talking about the Bokeh. Oh, who they don't count? We're talking heavy duty, man. We're talking all over the world. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, God. Yes, sir. Why didn't you answer my prayers, man? For. Well, just to ask you if you didn't answer my prayers for winning the lotto and that kind of stuff. I've been praying to you. Yeah. I'm glad you're back. Yes, sir. I hope you had a good time. Great. And George did a great job. But did you hear yourself curse? No, I just got through saying that. But he told me about that. It was funny. You said did I hear myself curse? Yeah, I was an Amsterdam on the internet listening to the tapes of the show or listening to George Doing the show listening to the tapes of the commercials. Yeah, I heard myself curse. Come on, sir. Get with it. It's time. I was being sarcastic. Okay. No. I'm listening to you. I don't be sarcastic. I've listened to you for 20 years. And that was the most funniest thing I have for her. You're so funny though. Well, I'll try it again. Get him on in 40's here. It was great. Yeah. And Neil, I'm glad you had a great time and glad you're home safe. And keep up the good work. And have a great life. I do. And watch out for that F and let the Macumbal whatever his name is. Well, I'm sorry, but names like that just send me. What kind of a goddamn name is that? Anyway, Macpicky had to come over to shoot out whatever his name was. What the hell is that? 560, 50560, palm 560 on the AT&T line. We're still still waiting on at toll free line. 877, 785, 6345. I'm not giving out this big scandal or until I see that line in the smoking. Because this is too goddamn important just to keep it here in town. This has to be worldwide. Just to protect the innocent unsuspecting investors out there from the one of Beesleys and this latest scam that they got up there sleeve. The scam, mysterious. How's that line? Nine doing? Yeah. Damn it. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello? Yes, sir. Any other idea? Okay. Did you watch Fox News last night? No, I did not. Okay, there's a show called the Full Nails and Never seen it before. Last night was the first time I saw it. And they had a panel of people. This one guy's there was Leo. I think he thought things could trail. He was a big black civil rights activist. This guy. If you were, he reminded me a lot of like Jesse Jackson, but even worse. If you did not agree with him, first of all he went crazy. And he's he's posing some well-known sort of like leader. And he just said one of the most disgusting things. There's a reverend. Another black guy. A reverend I can't say in a state of constitutional LA. And he said that the black need to stop relying on excuses and blaming the white man and and think they're not part of America because they'll never see it as a people to keep thinking this way. Come on. And the Leo guy, this black guy, this black guy, goes on. And it says, that guy's if a crit, he is the, the, the, the, the, the host Leo the Caprio. No, this is a black man. No, this is a black man. Oh. And he started, he got really, really mad. It was just, it's just so true though. I mean, these black people need to get off the road asses. And they need to stop blaming the white man in America as, in general. And then you've to start treating women like human beings instead of taking a side of them, horrendous sexist attitude man, beaten their bitch and all a Southern crab man. The way that black men treat black women, I realize this is a generalization, but it's 99% true. The way that women are treated in the black community is disgusting and acceptable. And it's about time people like Jesse Jackson started open up a mouth about that. Yeah, it's true. I mean, they had all these blackers of their own got the agenda. And by the way, Lawrence Phillips cut by the 49ers. Oh, thank God. Did you hear what I'm with a black guy? He shot the guy in the, his pregnant girlfriend. Yeah. You're a racist. Right. So yeah. And then the coach from the Carolina Hurricanes says, oh, well, of course, we're very sad at the way that this has turned out like what does that mean, you know? You have the wrong sports Carolina Panthers of Hurricanes is talking. Well, whatever. It wouldn't make no difference. All right. Hurricanes fit in better. Okay. Have a great day. Very good. This guy's right on top of it. I didn't like that. I couldn't even make a slip up of that. I thought the Panthers were hockey too. I thought the Panthers hockey something like that. See, they got the ran out of names. They got so many expansions. They ran out of names. You got your football, her racoon's and your hockey, her racoons. And you got your Panthers here and your Panthers. They're all over the goddamn. Because they went on names. Wait until Geneva has the goddamn modolphins. Look at this fall, baby. I'm Tony, man. It's always rewarding to come back. I got my check in my pocket. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from Naples on at Badline. Hello. You'll body. Yes, sir. Hey, does this have anything to do with the beastly's offering stock? Yes. To the public. Yes. Oh, my goodness. Yeah. That's a desperate move to try to raise money for a desperate company. Oh, oh. That can't even put God in carpeting down on the floors out here. That's right. And why I see you look out. Right. I got to go. Okay. There you go. That takes care of our calls. Nice being back with you. We'll see you. Radio group to go public. I mean, like I told you, this is told to me a couple of weeks ago by Greg Reed on a QT. He always tells me stuff on a QT and then two days later it's in the newspaper. And as if I'm going to invest any of my harder money and be easily stocked. You want to be easily stocked at any price. No. No. Be easily family. 6, 150 million dollars. One of soft float is largest radio station operators. Hope to raise $150 million. The public offering of stock. We're going to get a hold of my good friend Ted David at CNBC. I'm going to go on the internet. I'm going to post warnings. I'm going back to Europe. I'm going on a train. I'm going to go to every goddamn town. I'm going to go everywhere I can on a face of the earth and post warnings. Public warnings do not buy stock with a wannabeez les. There are a bunch of scam artists. Right. And wait till I get to the rest of the article here, which I will momentarily. About all the money that they're losing as in losing their ass. See the other radio companies. Their stock is going through the roof. You want to know why? Because they run business like real business people. And because they're making a fortune. See, generally speaking, you want to buy a company stock when they're making money. Not when they're losing their ass. Not when they're specialty is mismanagement. And bogus golf tournaments. Stuff like that. Yeah. 1056 and 560 WQMs. Jim Maddick's talks for a rocket right here. A sports radio 560 QA down. Oh. I have a good father day. Oh, I have a good father day. Oh, I have a good father day. Oh, I have a good father day. You think black men are less than one job on it. A big black man. That's the only one job between your guys. True and. You don't think black men are genuinely strong. You've been on a baller so many nights. We've been shy of fulking strong. And a little failed by. What'd grown up your second guy? Watch man night. Don't feel great on sight. Get stuck with my failed by. Oh my.Miwou. Jruper with a pig guy, You can't be a big job, bang to men. I've had your hand and bruised your body the way you live. Screw at him. You can't get my bone, your legs and your throat. You can't really bud in, you okay? It's no better than smell. You can't be too wide. You just beat me by side. The size of this is real life. You go out and feel it right. You're gonna take me without you guys. I don't know if it's too high. If it's too high, it's too high. This is usual. I'll tell you about it. Welcome back. Look at this. One call on the board and it's on the line nine. It's from Fort Myers. Hello. Fort Myers. Yes, sir. Hey, I left that place a few years ago and I'm happy to get the hell out of there. Yeah. This is a place of death. I can smell it already. I've been out of here back here for one hour after great vacation. I feel like I'm talking to myself again. So I'm living and breathing. People here are served. This is a dead place. It's kind of flow over here too, but at least you can breathe. Hey, I got a question. When I left, you were on the wonderful island dreams. Yeah. And Hank had left. And you used to talk about him like poison like fat Hank. Yeah. You guys have a tip and you've made up because you're still living in the world. Yeah. When you're working in opposite stations, you do that. When you're working together, Hank and I never disliked each other. Okay. We get along fine. We get along great. Okay. Hey. Stay on the religion man. It's great. The people need to know it. Yeah, they need to know it. I'm going to tell you how great they are. I'm really going to change the world. All right. No. No. No. I don't know. No. I don't know. You can see that because you're going to be in the forest. You can see the forest. You can see the forest. You can see the forest. I don't know. Okay. This music here. Let's face the facts that we're reduced to like one or two calls a day. I'll play some music. I'll come in and do my little rush to 50 minutes. And that's it. This place is is dead as a guy. It's like a gigantic prune. It's shriveled up. It's dead. You can feel it. You can smell us. God. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. backmodicone. Yeah, I'll stay up your back, bag it. Okay, that takes your of our calls. Radio Group to go public, measly family, $6, $150 million. This story is so unbelievable. I would really get excited about it if I thought anybody cares. They cared. No. Beesley Broadcast Group, the Naples based family from the controls roughly 17% of the South Florida radio market, found for the offering with the SEC this week. Beesley is the 16th largest radio organization in the country. Primarily focused on three major metropolitan areas at Atlanta, Philadelphia and South Florida. It's on Florida owns WCA and known for its programming of local pro sports teams. WPO W power 96 of dance music station market. It is power and I think that targets the young more urban audience. And kiss also known as kiss country as kiss record this. Beesley's broadcasting founder George Beesley is well known locally. It was once taught as a potential bidder for the Florida Marlins, the team was later sold a financial John Henry. Earlier this year WQM sued the team saying that this manly of its world championship team harmed the station. Found in 1961 Beesley seeks to cluster groups of radio stations in certain markets in order to maximize revenue and cash flow. These stations offer a variety of formats, including urban contemporary hit radio and country music after completing pending acquisitions in Atlanta and Augusta. Beesley will own an operate 32 stations of food in 20 when I fed them in 11A. M in 7 markets in eastern U.S. Based on 1998 revenue, Beesley ranks as the country's 16th largest radio broadcasting company, which exists in the article here at two paragraphs ahead. 16 out of what? They're 20 left 18, 17. Beesley, the company's founder Chairman and chief executive has more than 35 years of experience at a radio broadcast business according to registration statement found with the SEC. Three of his children serve as president chief financial officer and vice president of operations. Sound and sesuous debate. The family couldn't be reached for common Friday. I'm evidently they only let him out on the weekend. The companies that revenue increased wait tonight. Here's the most important part, okay? The companies that revenue increased a $67.5 million for the first nine months of this year from 59.7 million one year earlier. Beesley's pro formal loss adjusted to reflects taxes. The company would have paid to organize this corporation widened to $6 million during the first nine months of 1999 from the 4.7 million one year earlier. Now do you understand why you don't get your bonus? Now do you understand why we're taking seven years to do a seven day project out here on his third floor that now is like since I left a week and a half ago is now like 10 steps behind where we were because of nowhere in the flood. Beesley in prior years is operated as a series of partnerships and escalator operations under the IRS code. In conjunction with the IPO, the company is reorganizing to operate as a standard corporation that can sell stock rhymes with slough. The company will use some of the proceeds from the stock sale to repay borrowings under a bank credit line. Some of the funds will also be devoted to the repayment of money borrowed from George Beesley. Underwriters for the stock sale will include credit, Sweets for Boston and Bank of America securities. The class eight years, let me see one, about each and class be sure, we'll get 10 votes each. Let me say it again. We'll use some of the proceeds from the stock to repay borrowings under a bank credit line. Remember those bankers that were in here, about a year and a half ago and all the meetings going on and they were here and there and they were desperately trying to get some cash. So that they could take this three day project out here on the third floor, which is still on on what two years and finally completed. Is there any closer to the completion? No. Is it look like it? It's a toilet is what it is. And these people want you folks out there to buy their stock to which I say, you've got to be crazy. That's right. That's what you need to say in the first day that you're bought one share. That's the stock. I must be crazy. I must be not. I just company, okay. And radio broadcasting stocks are very hot and make no mistake about it. But like I said, that's because most radio broadcasting companies that these monopolies that the government has given us are making a fortune. They're cleaning up. But beesley. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. How do you like that? And how many of them would they would lost another couple of million in the first quarter? If it wasn't for this show. So nice going boys and like I said, you just keep going out there and making those deals and give it all a money to John Henry and Wayne Hypinga. They're losing their ass up until it'll fill it up the NWIP, but they're all slot sports radio losing a rest. So let me just say it again. Buy her. Beware. Beware. Get on the horn to my friend Ted David at CNBC. Get on the internet post the warning to everybody around the world that the bees liys are a bunch of wannabes liys. Is what they are. That's right. Who don't pay their bills? Who don't pay the bonuses on time? Who can't get a simple construction project out there? They're done because they can't pay the contractor because they're like trash. They're there. It's a fancy operation here. Fanton fantasy land. You've heard a fantasy baseball league. We got a fantasy radio station here. And I have a feeling based on these numbers here that I'm seeing with all this loss that they're taken. But probably there's one thing in common. There's one thread that runs consistent throughout the chain. Bad management. Oh my god. How do you like that? Oh my god. Yeah. I could be wrong. Mom and pop radio. Like somebody I don't want to mention George his name because I'd like to see him get that bonus. But like somebody told me the first week that I came in to down there on the second floor. You're in half a go. God two years ago. The mom and pop radio station. But did you call it a mom and pop something? I don't remember that. Exactly. But that's exactly what it is. It's unbelievable. So you go ahead and buy that stock. Okay. Don't be stressed. You be my guest. I'll pass. I'm going to say I've got five six seven. Oh five, fifty. Boy, I tell you if this is the way it's going to be the first day back this first one day back. I realize it's right after the Thanksgiving holiday. It times a really tough. But boy, I'm telling you, I'm going to have to. I'm going to see this is the problem. I get all refreshed. Get energized. Nine week back and nine day vacation. And I come back and I see you spend up all the energy that I've got build up on the first day. Try to get a response here. Out of these dead bastards. Can you do it? No. Man are you people something. Talk about a hard crowd. Of course, I just left a hard crowd. Ten minutes. You have to live in at five, sixty W to QA. Well, Riddian, done as Dirty. You're in the gentleman. This is left over. Number five. On Thanksgiving day everybody ate the food. That was on their plate. We had turkey with all the fixed. We had to eat up because there's not more energy. I had to stop because there was so stuff. Five plate fools was quite enough. I had to whack me. Doc me. Turn up and stuff then. But my pants come up and it was bus stand. When it was time for me to get out of there. Grandma gave me the life to tough for where. Full of gravy for potatoes. I'll be eating all of this until Christmas. A little bit of stuff and you take home. I found a match for potatoes and a turkeys bone. I did a little bit of hand on that in form. That I heated up before his bones. When there's all kinds of fried dos cheese. Put some in the fridge and the best you can. A little bit of yam and this knee pie. He didn't suck his sandwiches. You're not dying. Listen with number five. What real I do make a horn big guy and love turkey soup. A fridge is so full that the dog won't shut. Turkey come in. How do my butt? 11. 16 at 5. 50 WQ after the horse. I can get over the scrap already. Jesus Christ. Thank you. Done. And the door opens at moment. And Gregory comes rushing in here. Reflessly. The lawyers are calling. And we can't talk about this because we're in a quiet period. The SEC. We can't talk about it. But I already did talk about it. Plus it's in the newspaper. But it's a quiet period. I noticed that. Look at the fall. It's real quiet. Where in the newspaper would that be if somebody wanted to do it? It wasn't Saturday's business section there. I already told it right on the front page. It's quiet. It's a quiet period. I don't understand what that means. If they can put it in the newspaper. But I can't talk about it. I think I'll reset everything. I have to say anyway. Don't buy this back. Okay. 5.670. 5.660. On the AT&T Wireless Line. 877. 785. 6345. Is there anybody out there alive? Is it worth going through the sexier size here today? No. Worth it. Give it to the shot. Give it to my best shot. For sure. Just go home and take a nap. Go home and get a guide to encampal soup can and cut out the top and a bottom. And just talk to the way I like that. I get a better response. I'm John. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. When is this? Two things I'd like to talk about today. Very quickly. You were talking about the radio stations and the lack of bomb and Pop station. The FEC completely screwed the public and did a complete service to all of us. When they allowed these major corporations to buy as many radio stations as they want. The case in foreign is here in Miami. You've got one company that owns several stations. They go out and buy these national contracts for these shows like Rush Limbaugh and Dr. Laura. Yeah. And then they spread it on the airways and they deny the public of any kind of choice to provide the bomb and Pop station. These are actually catered to small groups. I think it's despicable what the FEC has done. And the same government by the way that's coming down on Microsoft because they don't want them to operate. But what it comes to radio and TV you can go out and buy 90% of the stations in the same market. And that's okay. That's not going to operate. Well, the ironic part about this is that originally they did not allow ownership of more than five for that one. It was 12 radio stations because they said it would be a monopoly. And then they reversed themselves and they said, oh, no, buy allowing them to buy one. Well, I'm trying to do it. Well, I mean, first started doing this about five six years ago. I said it then and I'll say it again now. This is the worst thing that ever happened for the listener, for the talent that works in the industry, the worst thing all the way around. I mean, the discovery of it is just totally without any brains at all. All in care of it. All in care of it. Yeah. The other thing I wanted to mention is, it's an article I saw in this morning's, Harold, about the, the pandemic, do you think whatever they were there? There did a lot in the link. They're given a whatever, no, that was the other one. Sinking, link, well, whoong, saying, one hung low, whatever his name was. He's getting more coverage than these three kids that got shot in Hollywood, by the way. Yeah. Panthers did. Well, the point I want to make about 100% of five years old anyway, what the difference is it make? The point I want to make about this, though, is I found it very ironical that this is the National Zoo in Washington. Yeah. They're talking about how they used to lie from because he was in such poor health and he had a disease Looker and everything. Yeah. And yet, these hypocrites will not allow people to do the same courtesy to our elderly who are are dying and in pain and agony. Yeah. You know, they're, they're, they're completing hypocrites. And by the way, animals occur to see. In the story, by the way, they covered up the fact that they brought in Dr. Jack to a place. They're going to apply to put them to sleep. They covered that up. Wow. They don't show their covering. That's the least of the cover-ups. But I'm telling you that these, these real, dare I say to what assholes in Congress and the Senate are so, they have their head so far up there. But I'm surprised they don't come out there and throw. Okay. Good luck to you. And I'll pray for it. I have a quiet period. I was there whispering now on the sports show. Can you just hear Hank whispering to? Hey, stupid. Yeah, we're going to be whispering because we want a quiet period. And the lawyers are calling everybody sporadic and Greg's runner around scratching his ballspot. Scratch in his balls. I want a quiet period. No, by the stock. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877-785-63345 on a toll-free line for everybody in the US of 887-775-63345. Here's a mobile-in-4-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a little hypothetical situation for you here. Yes. Somebody over the weekend finds a little Haitian girl on a raft loading in the middle of the Caribbean. Uh-huh. Bring them to land. Find out that the father kidnapped them from the mother back in Haiti and the mother wants the baby back in Haiti. Uh-huh. What do you do with that? You keep the baby over here because things are so bad in Haiti. Uh-huh. You're from the baby back to Haiti and what are social baseballs? I don't want to talk about Cuban donations. Okay. I just spent nine great days in a real country and a real city with real people. I don't want to come back here. It's the same old tired song, baby. It's the same old song. Monicon, monicon, monicon, monicon. The same old crap. Don't care. Not interested in both people. Rubber rap people. Not interested. Come up on a monobody. I'm sure they'll have a very healthy conversation and I'll probably trace the call and fry your ass. 560, 50560. Oh my god, a mobile in Naples. Better grab it. Hello. Hi, any idea what? Okay, sir. That's from the step of one thing. The bees is coming in the front. We need to find a thing. Can't talk about it sir. When a quiet period. Can't discuss it sir. 560, 50560. I got some real good European music. I brought back by the way. West Life, great group. George Wooden, like him. Food fighters. You might like them. You don't like the food fighters? Yes. Did you like that video? Yes. All those screamers on there. Are the food fighters actually out here? Oh, yeah. They've been around a long time. Oh. Okay, I said boring. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, 6345. Just taping me, giving the numbers up. And then I can sit back and eat lunch when it comes in. I'll just keep repeating the numbers. Yeah, that's the new deal. Here's how it goes. Here's how it goes. Here's how they would. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you, Seth? Okay. Listen, I'm not like Woody, do me. No, I'm not Woody. You said that before to me. I said, I don't know, man. I'm just like Woody. Who's Woody? An asshole. Oh, well, no. I'm sorry. I'm quite an hands-of-wear you talk because you don't want to sound like an asshole. Okay. Well, okay. Just have you know, I'm not a Woody. Anyway, I don't know if you heard while you were gone that the Cardinal Connie felt we had a little collapse. No, I didn't know. The other hand during church? No. No. I don't know. Maybe I think maybe God might have pushed him down. Pardon the low-conner fell down? Yes, they were in the mass. Yeah. Up there in New York. Yes. So I'm just thinking, maybe God's telling them the sign. Maybe God's telling them the sign. Maybe God's telling them, you know, hey, time for you to go. You gave him a little rest. Yeah. Maybe it's getting close to that time. You know. And also, you can't hold these surgeries done. And all this other crap done. I mean, where's it getting the money? Is it the money that we're giving, don't you? Into the church? And what do you mean, we? Why, man? What do you mean, we? Who are you talking about? I'm a Catholic. So I'm a Catholic. So I'll do you keep giving money to the church? Well, I don't give money to his church. No, no, no. Why do you keep giving money to the church that uses the money to pay off the lawsuits for all the families with the abused altar boys? Why do you keep giving the money? Well, I think I mean, come on. Why do you keep doing that, sir? I don't know. Okay. Well, when you figure it out, call me back. Or just give us the money. We'll take it. Hold the one a quiet period. George and I are going to start a public offering right now. Yeah, what's wrong with that? We'll do it quietly. It's in a quiet period. We're going to do it very quietly. We don't want to raise 150 minutes. In fact, 15 million will be 1.5 million sounds pretty good to me. I'll take 1.2. I'll give George 300,000. That sounds pretty good. You're incorporated, right? And there you go. I mean, corporate. I'm already a, yeah. God, almighty. Oh, we're in a quiet period. Or is that well, why don't you tell us that? Okay. If you know it's in the newspaper, why don't you tell us that ahead of time? Bozo. Oh, yeah. Neals on here. Well, I wouldn't be on the air blabin if he told me that after was in the newspaper. When they told me ahead of time, they'll talk about it. I talk about it. No. But what something comes on the newspaper, I assume. It's, it's public information. It's common knowledge of an article. Okay. Here's plantation. Hello. We told his ratings come on a couple days. I think you're going to see a real quiet period. Yes, sir. Welcome back to the land of the aposetic. So, hi, this is unbelievable. Today, this is, it's worse than before I went away. Well, listen, you know, it's interesting. Somebody hit on a subject that should be near and dear to your heart. And I think you should, and everyone else should get agitated. And that is a medium and not police situation. Yeah, well, I mean, nobody cares about it. I don't know if you, well, we should. I don't know if you read a brills content. Oh, I don't. Okay. Well, no. It's kind of a medium-aven magazine. Well, I know who he is. The main thing is that the just what you were talking about is so scary in the latest issue. When you open up the center of spread, it shows everybody's interrelated and interlinked with everybody. Right. That's why there's no bad reviews. That's why it's, it's so frightening. I couldn't believe when I was following the little arrows to time and warner and this. Right. That's right. It is frightening. Pretty soon it's going to be, well, I'm all in bed together. I am on a big goddamn circular bed. And it's all about the money. It's all, I know it's, that's very tight, but it's all about the money. It's because if something is good and yet it depends or whatever. It's off. It's pulled. It's done and finished. It's true. We don't get to see it or read it or anything. Yeah. So it's pretty scary and it is a hell of a subject. But nobody cares. Yeah. You're right. The one guy did call and talk a little bit about monopoly, but it's, it's worse than we think, really. But anyway, listen, I glad you had a great time. I forgot where you went. Where'd you go? Oh, fantastic. I'm going over to Switzerland in March and I'm more hoping to maybe drop down into the top of Italy. I'm not sure where we'd go. I know you're the Italian expert. I don't know what's good and northerly to go visit. Nothing. Oh, probably Milan for a day. Right. Cool. We'll be there too. Well, welcome back anyway. Okay. Alright, man. Thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. This is my last plea for any response on his phone today. And then trust me when I tell you it's going to be West Life, no life lost life. I'm serious. Well, what do they do? It's a quiet period anyway. That's what I was just told right from the head out from the head cheese. You can smell it. 1127, a QAN. It's a quiet period, George. This is 560, QAN. Kim Bocafer talks sports. And right here. I'm sportsman, you'll find 60, QAN. We have my junior, honey. The legendary athlete. The extraordinary actor. Now he debuted as a new action series. OG Cipton stars in Miami Slides. B B Miami Slides. Sorry, no J Cipton has Sergeant Bruno Molly. The hard rough stuff. Cop on duty. But the loving dad. Dad. Yes, dear. What happened to mom? You're being just dead. So, B C I'm doing the beat. Let's get your room and do your homework. Miami Slides. I know J Cipton has Sergeant Bruno Molly. I'm in B C this Saturday. It's a lot of 32 or 560 WDQ. What did I just get you talking about? This thing in Black culture in America of treating women like subhuman garbage like Channel. Yeah, the big thing. And then when they defend rap music or hip hop, which I'm sorry, you shouldn't talk about rap music or hip hop. And while this is just the way B and the black, you know, in a hood. Well, but you understand. It's not supposed to be. It's unacceptable. Oh, yeah. But we just stay in it like it is in a hood. Well, but it's unacceptable. And it's unacceptable. It's unacceptable. And that's unacceptable. And that's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about that. I'm talking about that. And that's what I'm talking about. So, I'm talking about the civilized people that you treat women like that. And also, by the way, speaking of people being uncivilized, what is it? The New Deal of the, the limo guy yesterday. One hobby or whatever his name was. He was telling us that the New Deal with kids white kids is like gold teeth. Which I wasn't even aware of that yet. Because they had a piece on his morning about braces, you know. to see that and then you can't leave the house. Why kids that would go to teeth? And see what I would like to know because I'm going to tell you this right off the bed. You can do whatever you want. It's a free country to appoint you. Just hand-saint it on here. But other than that, you can do just about anything. But these people of any age who defaced their bodies, I mean those of us who already look about as bad as you possibly can. It can't do too much about it. You know, we feel bad already. But when you go to a point of making yourself look even more grow-task and unacceptable, whether it's the rostal ox, you know, that looks like they haven't been washed in a hundred years with all kinds of families growing inside or the tongue post and all the other body perspursing all I crap. When you deface your body, when I see a guy who's got like a tongue post or like 17 loops hanging out of his eyebrow, you know what I snack? He's an asshole. That's right. And what's going to happen by the way, to these people who are permanently disagreeing their bodies when it runs out of fashion. Huh? So become outsiders. Oh yeah, that's right. Never thought about that. Maybe they'll bring that movie back to outsiders. Would see Thomas Howl do it. Whatever the hell I movie was. Remember that? I'm so pretty good. God, what are people thinking about? And the ghost is showing you like I've told you for a thousand years how weak people are. One asshole comes along, puts a big post in the front of his nose. All of a sudden 50,000 assholes come along. Oh, I want to look at that. I want to be in. I want to be hip. I want to be cool. Disgusting. So anybody got any goal teeth? Animation chair. I bet a bunch of this Pope of Pius is probably found some good goal teeth there. And Rome, if you let him take away those thousand Jews. Here's keep his gain. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. I want to ask you a couple questions. My first question is, you guys still have any of those jet suck t-shirts? You guys still are talking about the same thing in your order? No. Okay. My second question is, I'm a 19 year old kid. I got a same promise over there. A little bit of a noise from here. I'm going to keep his gain. Yes, sir. I want to tell you, I feel I'm a time on my life. I'm trying to figure out whether or not there is a god or whatever you think you know what I'm saying. Yeah. And I start when I go from to an accident when they went to the night. And I was in Mercy Hospital. It's a very religious base, you know, hospital. Yeah. So I was standing in the emergency room for about nine hours. No, with the nurses running around going Mercy Mercy meet with a shenanet. No, sir. Okay. I'm just curious. And well, I started one of the other things I've ever seen about man made a religion. I was standing in the emergency room and I saw how he said, I'm a little nervous. I saw a picture of Mary holding a little baby Jesus. Yeah. Right. And there was a little border which had stacks of paintings, diamonds, and nickels. A little stack of them. And I just want to know what is the logic behind just having a little stack. There could be more than three or four dollars. I just want to know, I want someone to know. It's a lot of people. I want to make sure that you understand that religion is a business. You always have to have cash around. Yeah. Who's going to what? Someone comes around and collects that and then they hope that they fill it up again. Sure. Then they make it look like there's only a few bucks, but they keep coming around every half hour and they keep probably probably doing five six thousand a day easy tax free. I was just really sad to see that it was a by was a side site. Well, that's what it's all about man. It's all it's all business. It's a fraud. Like the beasley's. It's a fraud. All right. You know a great thing. And back to you, sir. Thank you. Okay. So all the fraud folks. There's no heaven. There's no devil. There's no afterlife. There's no lake of fire. There's no gender. Well, there's a Geneva like that's about it. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT. I guess I'm the only one in the audience. It's read the Hitler's Pope. The book about Pope Pius the 12th and the disgusting crap about him and Pius the 10th and most of the other Pope's two by the way. And this whole crooked guy then corrupt institution. And then we get this what a great collar that was before that guy said, oh, where's that money going? A cardinal or conner. The money that we were giving. He said. Oops. He thought he was in the confesional booth again. I guess the money that we're giving. I said, what do you mean we jack ball. He can't stop. See, that's the idea they indoctrinated you and then it becomes like having it. It becomes party or life. You just keep given because that well near top. That's what you're supposed to do even though you know it's going for corrupt purposes. So a bunch of corrupt guy then bastard. Phones, hypocrites, etc. We have to keep giving. Here's a mobile in Boiton Beach, hello. Mobile in Boiton Beach. Okay, here's a mobile in plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, glad you're back. I'm driving. I'm driving. I'm driving down Fulmingoro near Griffin. Yeah. And the police put up a barricade. And I'm thinking there's an accident in the white. The head. No. Sir, are you speaking? Are you having conversation or what? What just happened to this guy? Okay, he just vanished. He's just vanished. He's just died. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello. Neo, I think the police got him. Yeah, but I don't think he's just missed it. Yeah. I think you're a lot of stock. And then you could have your own little quiet period. You can care. Yeah, that's right. Good to be here. Yeah, exactly. Thank you. Okay, thank you. Yeah, I think that's what we're going to do. It's a quiet period. Now, so we can't talk about it too much, but we want your money. Okay, it's quiet. So we can't talk about it too loud. George, you're not what like your money. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. He let me say again in a real business. And when something like this shows up in the newspaper, a memo comes out. First thing in the morning, right? In forming the people that work here, those of us on the years since we do spontaneous radio for hours a day. All of us five days a week. And we're going to have a look at the radio. And we're going to have a look at the radio. That even though this is public knowledge, now it was in the newspaper and whatever that would be based on the SEC, but whatever the deal is, okay. And even a big mark like you are truly would do the same thing that I've done last two or three weeks and time note about this. I would keep my mouth shut for a while. And then I'd come on and say the same thing. I did this morning. But no, then they put it then on the radio. I don't know. You know what I'm saying? We don't know. As whole. Twenty one till noon. This is five sixty. You A. S. I. This is Bill's imprint. You're the W. Q. A. M. dot com. For all the latest golf information in your case, who in great price, playing beat the broadcast. Fort radio five sixty. W. Q A. S. Why are you airing? She liked this. I had communion in my hands. Just started bleeding. This man suffers from the consequences of what some might call a civilized relationship. Stick mother. The forming of bleeding holes in the palms of the hands resulting from the sacrificial blood. Hello, I'm Kippa dotter for the fight against stigmata. Now a lot of you don't got a father. But in case you don't want to stick my father a year refrain from ingesting the body or blood of anybody or you may never play handball again. Stick mod. It's. You. 16 till noon at five sixty. W. Q. A. Here's a call from sunny bail California. Hello. Yeah sir. Now I was in the Fort Myers Monday to buy some property. I flew down and listen to your sister station over the 7.7 A. I was something. Yeah. And they had something in the morning where they had a dunk tank. They were raising money for turkeys and all this and they had one of the measly boys actually over there who's going to sit in the tank and blah blah blah. He was so cheap. He had scoundered with like a hundred dollars. Then the guy Joe or whatever his name was on the radio. Conflug. He said hey, you got the hundred dollars you talked about. And he said. When he says to us. He said, I don't carry that kind of money with me. So I mean now I understand who you're dealing with. I have no idea before. He's bestied on the face of the year. God bless you. Just hold on and I'm hanging on man. About a minute by a minute. Something I happened. I was counting like month by month and then it was kind of like week by week. Now it's second by second. That's right. You take your man. And back to you. Okay. There we go. From sunny bail California. They're notorious even out there. They know how cheap these bastards are. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 60. Pound 5. 60 on the 18. And we had a woman caller today. Oh, we had one lady nice enough to call it. She knew I hope you had a nice vacation. Welcome back. Sure. I said you back. Oh, they're just our nice people here. That's the problem. Remember that I was going over the list. You know, South Alcoe and your was only. What did I get up to about eight. We got about eight nice people here. Other than that man, they're miserable. They're rotten. They're just nasty. Take a look at the faces. Go up to sunrise. Drive around and sunrise. Look at the puttems on those people. They look like they'd rather blow your brains up and check your hand and say, hey, have a nice day. Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello, hello, me. Yes, sir. How are you doing? This is Jamie or Lehmord driver. How are you doing? Okay. Just coming to say welcome. Think God that George is not talking about Plato anymore. Yeah, that don't speak making shots at George. Okay. You're going to use that line yesterday when you dropped this off. Oh, I did. I'm sorry. Yes. So how's it going? It's a very bad word. We're impossible. You had a great time with you. I did have a great time. Then I came back here. Now you want to know. Now you can tell the public what I said when we're in the car about halfway home. I looked about and I said, what the hell are we doing here? Is that what I said? Yes, you did. Yes, I did. I'm trying to remember in this radio station today. And I'm thinking to myself, as I'm begging and pleading for somebody to speak to, I'm thinking, what the hell am I doing here? Well, I just want to welcome you back to the radio and I'm trying to help voice some road to breathe here and Michigan plates too. Okay. Thanks a lot, Neil. And George says don't act like a Puerto Rican. Okay, I will. Okay. I'll read it out. See you. Yeah, he's the guy who was telling me about the kids with the goal teeth. One of your people. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line that world famous level. We just had a call from California. Oh, I'm not a calendar. Monday. I know, November 29th. That day when these people are too busy for here's a lady in Margate. Hello. Lady in Margate. Good morning. Yes, man. Good to have you back. Sure. I listened to every morning and the time goes by quickly when I listened to. Oh, wish I could say the same. You have a lot of hours. I feel like I've been back for six months. I don't want to feel that way. You have a lot of listeners, not everybody calls in, though. Nobody calls. This is the new deal not the last three weeks. It's a new deal. We just won't speak to you anymore. Okay. We enjoy a making you supper. Oh, I don't lie that. Well, they do. They love it. Well, it's good to have you back here. Well, thanks for reading our stuff. Thanks. All right. See you. Bye. Well, she was very nice. And here's lunch from Atlantic City, Sub. Study like that. Let's say her here. Good friends over there. Well, do you see Doug just opened the door? That was nice. That was good work. Doug just opened the door and I love you. Thank you very much, sir, from Atlantic City, Sub. Yeah, it's a new door boy. All right. I don't want to tell you where. What's the line nine? What's the number again? What's the quiet period? Don't talk about it. 8777. I mean, I know what that had to be. I can't say it was the dumbest thing I've ever been told because every time the Greg Reid says anything to me, it's always the same. It's always, eh, dumb. Don't come in here in the middle of the show and tell me about this. Tell me ahead of time. I saw this man in Bluffs Office this morning, a half hour before I come on here. Did he say anything to me about this? Oh, no. Maybe he hoped that I hadn't seen this in the newspaper. I guess what, Greg? I don't miss too much. I don't miss much. I seen it. And by the way, because I'm a fair person, I just want to tell you, and George of course is always ripping his mother in an ass, which is a horrible thing. I can't imagine anybody ripping his mom. Mod that a great job this time. The house was impeccable. Even my little dog gained his weight back. So if you got anybody that's initiated in the family, if mocked, it just met Karen Carpenter, Karen would still be singing those songs today. Which may or may not be a good thing. Got my dog back up to his normal weighty looks great. Both dogs are doing fantastic. The house is immaculate. Nice going, Ma. Incredible. Seriously, for me to come on here, it's say something nice about my mother. She must have done a great job. Nice going, Ma. See you again someday. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes, sir. How are you doing? This morning. First I'm long time. I was just wondering if you'd heard about the receiver for Carolina, the drive by shooting. Yes, I think we should take a, we should hang them on channel 4, 7 and 10 and have some chances host the event. You noticed by the way, how I get no response. This thing I brought up about the way black people treat women. Like, culture in America. This is a very, I mean, the guy to call the forces. Oh, you know, when I pull these, that's a great topic. It's not a great topic. There's nothing to say about it. Most of us don't like it. And there's nothing to say. You know, it's not going to go away. That's just a crappy world as a business. But as far as the way people treat women and this up not just in black culture, where women are treated like subhuman scumbags. This is not acceptable. At a pregnant woman. Exactly. I got who's got money. Right. I see you right. Hang his ass right there on channel 7. Sir. Let we're Sanchez, squad over to body for 24 hours. Great. They pal. You too. Thank you. Thank you for reminding me of that. 560 5060, pound five 60 on the AT&T line at 877 775, 6345. Once is here now, baby. That's all I care about. Got my paycheck. A big fat within my pocket and a paycheck to. Oh, you must be a drug addict. You must go there for something. I am a drug addict. Does that make you feel better? Even though I'm not, I'm going to say that. I want to put it in the newspaper. I'm going to be a drug addict. It'll go to Amsterdam five times here to do drugs. You believe that? It will satisfy some of those naysayers out there. Some of these people will know how to have a good time if they put them in the middle paradise for 20 years with no restrictions whatsoever. They still would not have a good time. You know people like that. Look Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, I would like to speak to you. What is this, is this a lady? Yes. Dorothy. Oh, hi, Dorothy. Hello. This is Neil. I picked up cold Dorothy because George is brought lunch in here. Oh, hi, Neil. I just wanted to let you know that we have lived in the Winston tower. Yes. And we have a group. Everyone sounds like Dorothy to me. It sounds like Phil Henry doing a voice. Oh, no. I'm Dorothy Schwartz. Yes. And we listen to everyone. We do in Dorothy during Margaret. No. You know Margaret? No. But we listen to you every morning. Isn't this not like Margaret? Hi, hello, Neil. Yes. And we have a little group and we do our exercise. Oh, hi. And then I go to the room and I take my medication. I open the window and I go, oh, hi. Oh, hi. But we love you all the evening. Okay. Thanks, Dorothy. Okay. Okay. Okay. This Bob Green doing the Margaret. Well, you're kidding Bob. Okay. You're not kidding anybody. We know about that twin club too. By the way, George tells all. Yeah, he told me about the disgusting things you were doing in there. With yourself. Five, six, seven, oh, five. Well, who else would touch him? You know, let's face it. I mean, he's not a bad guy. Not, he's okay. But really gross. He makes me look good. Bob, he's schmutzie. Really schmutzie. Then he looked schmutzie. Huh? He kind of like a slim-ow gold steam. That's it on that, you know, look at this thinner. What I've had it. Here's Bob Green right on the phone. I was just one call of a soon. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, sixty. Five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's my any, hello. Thanks for taking my call on me. You're welcome back. Thank you for making your call, yeah. Oh, that was it, okay. Here's my knee beat, chillin. Hey, yes, sir. Welcome back. And I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, how much have we were up with it been if we put that 15% of the gratuitty, charge on French Canadian. Old noes sir, old noes. President Lincoln's got a bad headache. Okay, so I want to hear about it. Old noes. I mean, I was gone for 10 days. There are all these different things that are going on now. Here's what I want to report, Tytoni again. Okay, leave Tytoni alone. We're talking about why black men treat their women like, like crap. Why they have such nasty anti-women attitude. It's unacceptable is what it is. Right. It's going to stop right now, God damn it, isn't it? No. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and candle, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Oh, welcome back my God. Yes, sir. Oh, my, listen, I want to throw you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a glass. This is just desperate today, man. I know, I can hear it. I wouldn't wish this one had some other. I'm sorry. I'm just hoping in my car. I don't know if you had spoken about the little pork your whole boy. But the Cuban government is right. Let me say it again. I don't want to talk about it. Don't want to talk about it. Don't want to talk about it. Not interested. You get it? You get it? No. Let me say it again. Not interested. Tired to hear it about Cubans and Haitians and Puerto Ricans and Nicolera with people are people, okay? You roll over there like I just came back. Everybody, all the different kind of people from all over the world. Yes, they're, you know, where do you come from? Nobody cares. Nobody gives a crap. Nobody's running around with a goddamn Cuban flag, a Puerto Ricans flag, an American flag. Nobody cares. Unless it's some kind of a goddamn soccer game or some kind of a ethnic festival of some kind. Other than that, people are just people. I am so sick and tired of hearing both sides of this, the professional Cubans and the professional Cuban haters, I don't want to ever hear about it again. Ever. nauseated by it. That's one of the main problems that there are so many. One of the biggest problems with this town. It's like a one-note Charlie. Same old tired crap. You come back 50 years from now. They'll still be going the same. I just want to hear about it, okay, sir? Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, back. Thank you, sure. Yeah, actually, I got to say a Georgia Good Job and Georgia listening to him. Had a ton of calls as what I hear. Yeah, well, it's good. I didn't have to get my weekly issue or monthly issue of high times to care of us on the Word of what's going on around town. But what you're saying about the black man and their typical behavior towards women and the way they've totally glorified treatment like objects, what's more confusing to me than how they can do that with a straight face is these girls that eat it up. Yeah, they've been conditioned to that because they believe that this is the way that they're supposed to be treated. Oh, man, it's scary, man. It really makes me realize I got to get up the hell out of this town. I got to go to a white town to find somebody to be a white town. What do you where's the eye? I don't know. I don't think they exist anymore. Even New York. Right. Well, let me ask you a little earlier. Are they treating you like a black woman? Is that the problem? What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Well, I just said that women have no self-esteem. Are you a woman? They pull me, bought into it. Yeah. Is it worldwide? Do you see this in Amsterdam? How does it affect me? Yeah. I can't look at these women. It'd actually be attracted to them knowing that they're eating up all this crap. That's exactly what I mean. No, no, start going and find some white women. That's my suggestion, too, sir. Just like O.J. said, go find some nice white women. Format's still known. That's the quiet time. At 2 a.m. This is 560, 2 a.m. A Japanese knows the scores. All learning is in. So the last key is. We've got only on sports radio 560. You, A.M. I told you to use the A.M. What's my name? Who's Audrey G. I was a baby today. And technically, he did not. He was dancing his body. He ate the baby today. No. He ate the green and a day. So he ate the green and a day. And a day he got his body. So he ate the green and a day. So tall and old. He ate the green and a day. He ate the green and a day. He ate the green and a day. And a day. So he ate the green and a day. He ate the green and a day. So he ate the green and an classy boy, So he ate the green and a hit boy, I'm going to ask in those questions that he couldn't answer about the world leaders. He should have said, some guys got a nose for news. I got a nose for use. If you're going to die for 12 at 560, WDQM, great lunch today from Atlantic City, Sub-Zobiter and Hollywood, the address is 3355 Sheridan Street. Hollywood. I've got a friend who's got a friend who's going to get a nose for the holidays. For Christmas, for Hanukkah, for New Year, for the Millennium. By the way, is the world coming to WDQM yet? Already closed. And talk about money, grabbers, NBC, of course, is going to put that thing on there to get everybody whipped up into our friends. Even though they're going to put this clamor on there, you know how many stupid jewel idiots we have out there. Oh, yeah, my god, we better run to the ATM and get all our money out right now. I'm sure that's some of you out there are going to go running to your ATM before the holiday and pull up a bunch of money out. Second July. Second July. It's our quiet period. Yeah, send it to me in George. Yeah, we can talk about our attempt to raise 150 million much around with that. I'll split it with you. Yeah, we're even if you have five million in your castell or he's a good guy. Anybody else in the building we give somebody to? No. Here's a mobile and four-later day, oh, hello. Hey. I don't think about it for a few seconds. Yes, sir. Yeah, would you or an Amsterdam, would you just buy a boom Chicago? Never heard of it. Now it's a comedy show. It's guys from Chicago about three or four years ago came to Amsterdam. Yeah. So I could place where you have dinner and it's a comedy show. But I don't know if you had been there. It's real hilarious if you ever get a chance to go, you should stop it and see it. Okay. And I spent most of my time in the coffee shops in the banana bar. Uh-huh. So I'll see you. Sounds like a good time. Oh yeah, there you go. Wonderful. Okay, I got the damn one. Okay, see at the pot exchange. Oh, the pot exchange. Here it goes with that mirror one again. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 877, 775, 6345. That's a toll-free call for Palm Beach for the West Coast for all over the Atari USVA, which we had a coffin California today. Oh, a spirit. A living and breathing person. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach, Ella. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Okay, I'm calling about the issue web not mandatory, you know, black woman badly. Like crap, yes. Yes, it is. Why? I literally just broke over my boyfriend because I'm going to sleep with him. This is a guy, okay. We'll go to a movie and when I reach there, he'll ask me how much money do you have. I'm going to spend the sleep with him and, you know, he keeps you that badly. I have no idea why they do. I didn't only woman in love are the mothers, so I mean, literally. But, um, they do. I mean, do you? The mothers? Yeah, the mothers. There's only woman that they love. The mothers. Oh, I see. You know, the few little good, they are, I mean, are very few and hard to find. And I think because the less black men and more woman, you know, they can, they think they can move on to the next. There are, there are fewer black men and more black women. Exactly. They are. They are. They're more black women, you know. Oh, George is, there's a lot of the black men going to run too long. Exactly. That's true. That is true. But, um, I dumped him. I'm good for you. I am. I'm going to steal it from them. It is cool, you know, I'm demoling thing. Go find yourself and I Chinese guy. Okay. Okay. All right. Have a great day. And back to you. Right. I mean, they may have a small penis, but there's more in life than just that. Well, there's not five, six, seven, five, sixty pound. We got six hundred overlives here, baby. We're enjoying a great lunch today. Now, if you'll have better. I've read about all these good lunches. Did not forget about this desperate phone situation. No, did I forget about that? No. In fact, I had two nightmares about this place. Although, they had nothing to do with the phone. A lot of them did. That's right. A lot of them was not a nightmare. It was a thing. It was another second. I dreamed that I came in here on Monday after vacation. I said, here, and I begged and begged and begged for calls. And his phone wouldn't ring for crap. And you know what? That's exactly what happened. I dreamed that I came back to working a guy dead dead place full of dead people. Well, nothing to say about anything. And have an ad for 23 years that I've been on a year here. Doing a spectacular job if I say so myself. Yes. Against formidable odds, working in many cases for a bunch of bubbling fools like these people here with their goddamn quiet period. Here's Margade. Hello. Yeah. Second time calling. Just wanted to make it common real quick on what that lady said about men and their mother. You know, we know the weather, mother. You know, we know the weather, mother. You have a word when she said mother. I'll choose really it. But no, it's not that we are a weather mother. You know, on that point, it's more like the, we all have frustration towards the mother. That's why we treat our women like crap, you know. Because you've all had things happened to us. That's why we take it out on our girlfriends. Oh, no. I heard you make a comment about the white kids, the new trend, their wearing golden. Well, you see, which they took from the, another thing they stole from the black kids. Yeah, they took it from the black kids. The black kids did it because what it is, it's materialistic thing. You know, the more gold you have. Right. So they have to look like driving a cattle act. Yeah, it's like the cool thing to do. You know, they get the fake watch, the gold feeds. I don't know. I'm kind of glad you told me that. I didn't know the white kids are doing it. I got a cavity in the front. You know, they can fuck it up and it'll look okay. You know, go grab you one right now. Yeah, that's all I got. Okay. I have a good life. Gold teeth, baby. Races, gold teeth. Rings in your nose. Rings in your toes. Rings in your knipples. Rings in your penis. Rings in your public. Rings in your uh... Correct. Yeah, that too. 560560 pound. 560 on the AT&T line. How about those panthers? How? That's not going to say about that. Well, that's the quota. I was thinking about that too the other day. Must have had also long boring trip. It's 10 hours back and I got the complaint. I was thinking about how and God's name did I ever survive those hockey shows. They stopped, but I got sucked into. I don't want to mention no name. They stuck. Oh, seriously. It would be like going into a goddamn kaboots in Israel. And talk about Indian culture. You know, I mean, it just... Well, what's the point? There isn't, there is not no interest. There is less than no interest. They haven't got any idea. It's hopeless. I'm going to begin my 20-part series on harness racing tomorrow. Here comes Jackie mode. That's enough. That's all you need to know is Jackie mode. Well, Ryan, you know, sounds good. See, the problem is with this town. I have said this before, but not as often as I should because if I keep saying it, it'll remind me. There are a very, very, just a minimal number of things that these people are interested in that they'll talk about. I haven't discovered any of them yet. But I'm working at it desperately. Feverously, Sunday, I will strike on there or besides Cubans and people who hate Cubans. Other than that, I'll find something else that these people want to talk about. I've speed these early bird dinners. Well, that was a threat. Show as you did. No, yeah. That was, that only took about 600 times to get that one call. Oh, no, how can you don't have more calls on these C days here? Because we don't get any calls. That's why. Oh. How can you don't have more really great funny calls than it? Because there aren't any. Oh. That's a good point. Yeah. Nine minutes passed, noon at five, 60 WQM. That's a hot E-dolphin's football. Marlins baseball. And then, the Miami Hurricanes do sports radio 5-6-BQAM. They went he has a pair. Oh, drive. Well, where are we? We're all working that swing key beat. That this Monica Louiske. I got you reach it, but it's falling too far. Probably what she was doing when she played their far. Well, she banged her head on the steering wheel. Not the usual way we feel. So I know you wrote it straight ahead. That was there she would soon be fed. Give it some gas and swear to the right. Hitting for the best good light. She lost control. The car is blue. And landed next to the track through a toy. Well, part of Monica Louiske. Press your car to see with hungry. But she's in luck, but she feels a dead. Oh, now it's not getting to she can still give heads. Oh, right. Oh, I got the 15 to 550 WCM. I got Hank from Shulostake 2 at 2. Hank with net more between five and six. Book shop. He's 6.845 tonight. And then we got to the peckers in the 49ers out in San Francisco. How unusual. A lot of peckers in San Francisco. 5.6705. Just the old. By the way, I forgot to tell you about my doctor. You know, doctor Bob, my newest doctor. And his little assistant Igor aka Gary. So today I was going on vacation that acting the right code over there because that was supposed to be the day I got my home. O16 test results. We say, had forgotten the week before the lab. But they said, oh, no, no, probably have enough. Say we save the sample. We'll do the test. Do you think I got the result? No, no. Gary gives me a story that he called a couple of hours before. And they said, oh, yeah, but we're checking on this and checking on that. And then he finally called directly to a Smith Beach in Kleinweb and how it places. And they said insufficient sample through the test. Now you're going to go off the answer day and for 10 days nine days, whatever it was nine minutes. And you don't know your home all level. Boy, it's a miracle I survived. What's wrong with you, Gary? You jackass. So now the deal is you want me to go in there again. So they can suck some more blood out. And then I can wait a week and they can say, oh, well, the dog ate it. Somebody dropped a vile, okay? Some other vile story. What is it take to get anybody in this town to do something right? In addition to which guess what? I already paid for it. I already paid him for the whole series of blood tests, which by the way, the homocyste is not away the longest test. It takes a week to get the results. But also the most expensive one. I think it's like, I don't know, 90 bucks something like that. They're not going to make you pay again. No, that's not the point. The point is do I have any confidence in them and there's Lad that they use who get all these stories, you know? Like I said, I'm going to go back to the elbow pages. I'm going to start a doctor art vark and work my way through and find a doctor that doesn't know who I am. Doesn't want to smooth. Doesn't want to take his picture with me. Just want to do some doctoring work. That would be good. Yeah. How's doctor art vark doing? Is he got in the plumbing maybe tomorrow? Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Hey, now I was a little bit worried, but I'm glad now that the quarterback controversial is back here in Miami. I didn't think Danny Boyke could match through bloods those brilliant performance of five and stuff. Yeah, why are we telling these those sir? Why do I care? Wow, you know, it's just good to have a quarterback contraption. Okay, good. Call one of the sports nerd shows. Okay, sir. That's like talking about the Cubans again. I'm going to go for a boring crap. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 1600 calls nowhere lines open. No waiting. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Hello, New? Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah, big five years. I'll leave it to you every day. I'm kind of the response that I heard that said, I've got a boy for who to pay for. For the local to the movies. Yeah. Not for the deserve. That's what they get. You know, I go up to the club sometimes. I know pretty good. I, I, I, I, I leave real good. If you see them, girl, if you say, I, you know, I don't even look at you. And then you see them over in the corner, we can sometimes. That I piece a clock. And I just say, you, you get where you deserve. I'm happy. That's the next call of the day. I'll glass me. Because that's why she deserves. She deserves crap. She, she gets crap. Okay. All right, nearby. So I think the operative word disguise is looking for in the. Yeah. Look at this. One call left out of word. Now I'm going to play West life the rest of the show. This is getting old. Here's Naples. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a theory as to why the black guys treat their women. So what is that? Sadly. Why is that? First, before I forget, I wanted to ask you something about Amsterdam. Uh-huh. Have you known or ever tried. Uh, It gets some weed over there and cross the borders like try. Take a train. I don't know. I don't know. Does anybody, do you know of anybody that has ever tried that? To do what? To carry some weed from Amsterdam into another European country. Do you like on the train? Train or no, I don't. Whatever. What do you think would be the chances of that happens? Everyone says it's a bad idea. Yeah, I think. That idea. Look out for it. And in addition, which let me tell you this, to the country next to it to Holland. Yeah. Is Germany. Now when you get on the train and you cross the border when we went to Colone last year. Yeah. On the train. And you cross the, the Dutch border with Germany. Then they change. They, they make a stop. And the new guy comes on the conductor. He says this train is now in a hand of the German police. And I'm not making that up. That's what they say. And all of a sudden you can start seeing envisioning people. Goose stepping and you will do what we say. So probably not a good idea if you want to be out in. I'll appreciate that. Well, here's the theory. Yes, sir. And I'm serious about this. I think when, when the, when we started importing slaves from over here. And we, and we started, you know, implementing beatings as punishment and, you know, fear tactics like that to motivate these people. I think that the, the guys after, you know, 15, 16 hours out in the field. You know, they come home back to their shack and they're humiliated and frustrated. And, and the woman, maybe she burnt the, the, the, Take the feed or whatever that night. And he, and he beat the crap out of her. Yeah. And he charged, he charged the killms. Yeah, whatever. You know, I think that is, it was conditioned into them to beat somebody or, or, Miss use somebody. So in that, it's in their jeans now, as what you'll, it's our fault, as what he said. Yeah. Also in other words, we made them do it. The white man made them look people. Okay. Well, I'm going to feel real bad about that. I'm going to go with a couple of free. Yes, sir. I, I, I ordered the key chain two weeks ago. Uh-huh. I'm still waiting for. Well, let me know when you get it. All right. And we're here at the same time. Carol, give us this the real figures on the center. One thing. I'm not going to lose one moment and sleep. Okay. Carol, I've done the best I could. I worked my ass off to try to do a good job for you every year. And uh, now life has to go on. Okay. Sweetheart. I'm doing the best I can, which I wish some other people could say the same. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line and our world line. Kind of spotty today, not too bad. Not too good. 877, 785, 65, 5345. 877, 785, Neil. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay. Um, this one said a quick story. Um, friend, uh, well, a cousin of my wife who lives up in Zeppery, Florida. Uh, has a little friend to 17 year old in Lady and, uh, when I was up there a few months ago, I met her. She's very nice. And we, uh, we talked and ever since then, we've been kind of friends. But come to find out this this week and I was up there. That she told my wife that she was a white supremac. And that kind of caught me by surprise because, uh, we're friends and I'm Cuban. And so what I did was I kind of, uh, came up to her and, uh, Comprumeter with the fact that I'm Cuban. So, you know, how can you talk to me when you say you're a white supremac? And I'm Cuban. She said, well, we clicked from the first minute we spoke. Yeah. She might get a reception for you. All right. And I said, you know, if you're a white supremac, you know, if you want to go right now and tell me that, you know, get out of here because you're Hispanic. You can't be on both sides of the fence. I mean, either you're going to be this or you're, or you're actually not. And come to find out after talking to her for a while, which you got very upset about is that there's no education there. She keeps saying that she's an original American and I said, no, they're not a native American. Nobody is unless you're an Indian and blah, blah, blah, blah. In any case, the really weird part of the whole thing is that she's gay. Yeah. And I always thought that, uh, you know, and she's very young. Everything. But I always thought that when you're a white supremac, like this, you know, you always see these macho guys that hate everybody and they hate the gaze and they hate the black and the hate Hispanic. And so it's just so unbelievable that these people are so uneducated and these young people, especially are so uneducated and today's, you know, here in, at least here in South Florida and in Florida. And that's all. Just, you know, just freak me out. That's all. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. Anybody know what he was just saying? No. No. Okay. That's our last call. I'm going to sit here and eat lunch very quietly because we're in our, my experience. And I'll just wait and see if we can get any more calls. I can have it. Have my doubts. Probably out of calls. Huh? No, we don't mind him. Music is it. It's the quiet period. What's wrong with you? It's quite music. No. It's not quite enough. Or in the quiet period. You better get with it. You better wind up blowing that bullish Mr. I'll tell you that right now. Happy birthday, Crystal. By the way, said that already the beginning. I'll see you again. She deserves it. After what she puts up, I mean. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come back every single time. Every time. I'll say this for at least your consistent for the last 600 years. Every time I go on vacation I come back and, and don't can you saw it at the end about its George and to the taste. It makes no difference. What's on? We can have we have grandma Moses farting before hours. Well, I come back from a vacation. I'm a feeling great. I'm an authentic mood. I'm full of energy. I can speak like a human being. And it's the same old tired south Florida routine. God, how to hell the way I do it. And you want to know what the answer is. It's right in my back pocket and my wallet. A big fat one right now. It's sitting in there. And it's checked too. I see there we go. I'm headed at a smoking. Yeah. Yeah, smoke. Don't put your like that. Okay. I smoked open. I have sex with women. Anybody believe that? Huh? No. Here's a mobile in four-later deal. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. I asked you permission to switch gears here a little bit. What do you mean by that? What do you want to talk anything you want? All right. I'll accept Cubans. I don't want to talk about Cubans. I'm a very good tipper. Okay. I took 20%. No. I want to go back to that. Is that all right? What is there to say about that? No, I have a question for you. I frequently went a couple places where they have tip counters on the tip and tip jars on the counter. And when you have takeout food, they expect you to tip them. I don't tip the takeout. Right. But they look at, I mean, there's a couple places that I go to. That's what's expected of you. What do you mean, it's expected? Whoever heard of that. Well, there's a couple of places. Like where? Well, in my neighborhood, I don't want to. Why not? So there's a Dally and then there's a quarter deck. There's a takeout on the quarter deck. I can all 17th Street there. Yeah. And I have a, it's only a second. I don't know if they haven't even sit down and eat. And I thought that the tip was for, you know, clear the table and bring it to the food. Right. And if there's no service, there's no tip. No taking a wash. I don't know. I just thought, I don't know. So I have the solution. I have the solution. I have the solution to your problem. I don't just say, no. And you'll be okay. Okay. Just like Nancy Reagan said, just say, that's it. Next problem. Got it. I sure wish I had these people's problems. Don't you? 12.27 a QAM. Wake up with the first piece. Joe Rogan, Jeff DeFars, and Steve Goldstein. We did more in the six. Only on the fourth radio time 60 QAM. Got to keep the shot straight here. You and this is not a happy place. No. It's a guy damn, pretty place. There. Where is free body? There. The fight of your face. You and this is not a happy place. If the sink is big, this is great. You and this is not a happy place. Just worship for full of OJs. Backstabbing, reproading. The equipment is always great. If the hot end is morning, please, you and this is not a happy place. Oh, real depressing place. You and this is not a happy place. But it's a quiet time right now. On quiet period. 12.32 at 5.60 WQM. Many of you will not have a quiet period. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T line. We're rolling long, singin' a song. Very difficult today. Very difficult day. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing. Okay. I'm going to be a hotkey. Just before I say it, I want to let you know. A big time hockey fan. I'm going to raise in canters. I know what I'm talking about. Yeah. I'm not like the average floor to shmocky thing. They know what hotkey. What do you think about the panties issue? I want you to pay on that little pussy pop out of your ear. What do you think of it? 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T. Where I was lying. Here's my Nihilow. My Nihilow. My Nihilow. My Nihilow. Going once. Go. Yes, sir. What's that thing now? Welcome back. Thank you. That's what was hell, man. You were out. How was out? I enjoyed it with trying to do a bad impression of you. Yeah. I'm going to tell you, if Jordy was so terrible last week, how come when I come back, I said here? And there were 10 people in this audience who want to speak to me. Can you explain that to me, sir? Why are you sitting in big circles for four hours every day and it's highly rated Joe? Can you explain that to me? That's a big circle, man. Put those dates on. People are mad at you for leaving George old week. That's like. Okay, yeah. So what do we call can we do for you? What's your material, sir? I said, man. When I said, okay, thank you. Like I said, no material. People are mad at me for putting, they've been mad at me for me before I knew George. How do you like that? Did they call me back then? No. When I was on W. Snooze? No. INZ? No. They don't have to the first few days? No. No. Just get a mallet. Just get a hatchet and beat these people over the head. Excellent. A two by four. Does it work? No. Another George bachelor. So they didn't like George, sir. You don't have to listen to it. Here's a mobile and water hill, huh? I'm on. You're on. You know it, now. I'm on like you. I was just getting on that cat. I was on the audience there, one. No, I need to throw my radio down. No, I'm who you're talking to before we start. You know, electrician, 720, brother. I got the, I got the floor with them just like you. We were talking about how like I was saying how black guys are conditioned to like beat their in those. Yeah, why people that made them do it. That's right. Yeah, that's all you do it. That's our waterfall, but I do think that's a good thing that they did that because I love black women. And I don't know what that thing is that black guys have the disrespect thing. And they like to call bitches. Follow women. That's the question, but we don't have any black people calling in any black men calling answering that. Well, I kind of, I kind of, I kind of, I kind of, I kind of, I kind of, I'm the question. I appreciate them for doing that because I like black women and black girls don't like treated like that. Yeah. So they like us white guys that, you know, had no had a treat women and give them a little bit of suffer spectrum. And, uh, since they do know how to cook and clean. And then we're doing, they're well, the sacrifice about two inches between the legs in order to be treated right. Well, I don't know about that, you know, because I'm black from the waist down. Oh, okay. But the, uh, as far as treating women and stuff goes, they don't have to do that. And since, uh, they're looking for a guy like you know, maybe well, thanks. 560, 560, pound 560. The, the, the, where it was blind. Here's a call from Lake Bronson and I'm going to soda's in. Lake Bronson, Minnesota, dear. Oh, my God. Black from the waist down, dear. Yeah, do you like that? Well, it's a floor to your only allowed to be either from the waist up or the waist down, not all the way. So, you know, I just call to say hey, and I had it. I'm done here. I get home seven in the morning with my kids. And I'm going to sit at AM radio. Yeah. And I switched it this week and they got this, who does it? Dale, Jared. Dave, Jared. I never heard of him. And then they switched into this doctor. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, you have a smell. Just take one with it at that bitch. Oh, that's not, that doesn't even do her justice. Right. If you take that, that's just going to do the word justice. Why, why? If you, if, if, could you imagine that you take her listening, all the people that are up here listening to someone like that? Yeah. How they could get brainwashed into her. Into hating all men. All men all. Anything. Yeah. Everybody's got your role. Life in general, totally closed minded. The worst, most closed minded. I can't guarantee when that old bitch went at old bag. Every tear. It's going to come down here. It's going to be in Florida. Should be in sunrise. She has to be from the, did you, you couldn't have heard the show this morning. We're talking about being from up in. We're going to have you. We're going to show so much. What are you listening to, of course, you're there. I'm not going to score this morning. Five, ten minutes. Well, don't do it again. I won't. You value your sanity and your self respect. Don't do it again. I'll do it. Okay. It's back here. Okay. God bless you, sir. Don't do it again. I'll do it again. And again. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Eight, uh, what is it? Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five kneel. We just had a call from Minnesota from a guy that's got to go into culture shock with at bitch, Dr. Laura. That's where the whole audience went by the way. Now the doctor, Laura's an IOD. We can't compete with that bitch. I'm telling you right now. Some people think all the two live Jews that still hungry with that Margaret Crette. No. Dr. Laura. Nice going. Pete, we're out of business. Thanks to you and that guy damn Dr. Laura bitch. Here's candle. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah, I wonder if you got the black man. Yes, man. Oh, I'm a black female and I don't think I'll like me and treat black females that way. No, I didn't say all. Too many. No, I think it's less than there is more. There is more. Why? I think there's less black men and treat bears. White men and treat their females that too. Like black men? I'm a black female, yeah. Like bitches? No. Black, moron. No. Pete, I'm not a child. I'm like crap, stuff, I'm like some kind of subservient subhuman crap. Not always fair when a black man, I've never had one put a hand on me. Yeah. Oh, what is it? First time for everything. Oh, that was he, he didn't have time to beat her up. He's beaten the kids. That was, that was. That was great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless lunch. Not to beat jump and then a lever. Leave her ass. So can a lever hang in. And then of course certainly don't pay that child support. I can tell you a lot of real interesting child support stories. Roy. 21 till 1 at 5, 60 WQF. The sports leader. Sports radio. 5, 60. 2, 8, 6. Oh, god, no. Oh, no. Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC. Dr. Burnham? A scrub of the guy that thinks he's fly, also known as a fucca. Always talking about what he wants. Just sit in the throat ass. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me. Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride. Try and a holla at me. No scrub. No scrub. No no. No scrub. No no no no no no. No scrub. No no no no no. No no no. 17 till 1 at 5, 60 WQF. And of course, you know, just the musical loan in rap music. How am I always say 95% of it is a music degrading lyrics, degrading women 98% 99. 99. 110% of music in rap music by men degrading women. Ditches. But I just made it up, you know. Here's my any. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, Neil. I can't be saying this. This means talking about black man I just. Now, I don't, I don't, I've 100% how many on TV. How many times you hear that in cases about where men are used in they kids. And, and, and, and, and, and, you know, you're talking about abusing your kids. We're talking about abusing women. Well, they'll be used women too. I mean, how many times they in the news if you watch the news. They are killing their own wife. Kill a whole family. You like, Ho J. No, no, no. That's why a lot of time you hear that. If you, if you listen, it's a bit of a long time. You don't know. It's a little bit of a long time. You mean, my time. Honestly, Neil, you know what I'm talking about. You need to make sure about that from Carolina. I'm going to share with you guys how many of my kids are you and I. That's from Carolina. A panther. Here are killers. I'm going to share with you two as white black men. Have you ever seen any black men with serial killers? No. Okay. So, make sure, make sure I don't let Neil. I'm going to mention that about 6000 times. So, you did. I mean, I never motion that. You mentioned that a couple of times. Fifty more than fifty four thousand. I got a written down right here. Fifty four thousand six hundred and twenty two times. I mentioned that all serial killers are white. Okay. Well, well, I don't think black men are light. You talk about if you talk about that. Okay. Now, what about the music? What about the lyrics and rap? The music is just to make money. I mean, this is that's what's selling. So, that's what the music doesn't reflect young black men's attitudes about women. It does. I mean, I agree with you. I'm not a percent. But I'm telling you the reason why they make it that way. Because that's the only thing that's selling. If they make any other music, they're made. You know, with a different tool and stuff like that, they won't make any of them. They're different cool. Come on. Well, you know, and that's what makes money. That's what I'm telling. That's what sells and that's what sells because they, that's what they'd be like. And that's what the you too. What? Those kids they want to put that. I want to slap that bitch around. Okay. That's exactly. All right. You know, I'll pray for it. All right. So you want to think about our black list. There's all 10 of many. I love this show. They love me. They care enough to send it very best. I'm like certain other elements in this town. City and big and carry on and scream like a child like a guy that infant like a program director. Wouldn't that be a great bit for Book of Brian by the way, to the tune of walk like an Egyptian choir like a program director? Huh? I just came to mind. Here's keep this game. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing, sir? All right, man. Long time. Listen up. First time calling. I'm going to say something. Say a man. But man, you're killing us. I don't want to. I just want to. I don't want to do this. I just hate it. Good black man. All right. I really found a good black guy. I don't want to roll. Let's hear it. Yep. And I'm, you know, I'm, I think that we do have a lot of decent black man. I'm done. I totally disagree with, you know. I think I didn't say there are any decent black men. I don't know what I said. I just said that I find it grow test that somebody black, especially young black guys, they've got horrendous sexist attitudes toward women. Oh, but Neil, how about this man? I mean, what about the white man? Like the guy earlier said. I mean, the star is far as severe tools you can serve. Night, night, the night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, the three of the kills are there a white. And a lot of times, well, what is that? That doesn't have to do with attitudes about women. I mean, those are people who are crazy who are mentally, who are not women. There's just a handful of black men on that. That actually views the girlfriend so much. But there's still a lot of us out there that still love our black women. Yeah. And still care for them. If we had less loving and leaving, see, that's the problem. Is the loving and leaving? No, I'm talking about it. No, I mean, no. It has a lot to do with the way you would brought up, you know, I was brought up in the Bahamas. And, oh, well, now we're talking a horse of a different color. Yeah, yeah. No, but I'm just saying, I'm still black. You know, I'm still black. And I just believe this is weird. I mean, for example, I'm a black man. Yeah, I got news for those Bahamian women. They're not going to put up with that crap for three seconds. Anyway, you're making them Bahamian women. They're not going to take that kind of slow, slightly kick that out of your mouth. You know that? You are out about that in your mouth. But you're coming. I'm not, I'm back as I said earlier. My wife is Filipino. And my sister's married to white man. And he abused her sometimes. And we had to, you know, take care of that situation. But I'm just saying, that there is, it's a good example. There's a lot of white men on there that are just as abusive. And even more abusive than I say, let's take them all and put them on God damn Alcatraz on the island. So much, no, sorry. I have no respect for men who abuse industry women and children. You know, I just find it nauseating. I'm, you know, let's say I'm put about homicide and the democracy without the threat. That's right. Like I said, they'll take care of them in about two WCW. They'll be coming back on a leaky rubber ramp. That's what I'm saying. Okay, pal. And back to you. There you go. We got two or three good black folks out there today. So we're looking for man is some decent nice black people. We don't have to be afraid of five. Five, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. And we got that toll-free in line for all over America, man. 877, 775, 6345. What's wrong with you people from coast to coast? Don't you care about the way your women are being beaten and bloodied and pregnant women to be in shot and their babies killed, etc. Don't you care about that? No. Okay. What about these women, I believe? That guy was just unbelievable. Like about an hour and a half ago. You're just starting to really hit home now. That's a great topic. No, no, no. It's not. Not a great topic at all. What time is your show answer? Because you think I'm begging for calls. What is there to say? We don't like it. It's wrong. It's bad. We don't like monopolies. We don't mind playing monopolies. Still pretty good again. I'll take part in the play. Thank you. And boardwalk. And do not pass. Go. Here's coconut creak. Hello. Yes sir. I'll try to get hold of you before you went on vacation. I took my wife to the office. Saber again. Were you down here? Yes sir. I can see why he don't sell out his arena. By the time we bought our tickets and paid our parking and the eight. It costs about two hours. I'm glad to see everyone. I'm going to sell her. I see her. Sabers are losing their ass by the way. Well, even when they're low pair. Well, they are. They're losing their ass. They're losing a fortune with their very original payroll. Oh, I see. I got to hold. I'm in it. I thought you meant the game wise. No, not talking about dollars in sense. Oh, wow. They're paying that guy. He paying dollars. That wants to go back to Czechoslovakia. Right. Because they're not. They're probably never going to play again. But maybe something else. These are by the team. Don't hear and do something about the price. But if not just here. It's all over the league. You know, they can't figure it out. You're a tenancy. I'm I'm luck every day. I look at the paper. And I check the attendance. The only places that sell out virtually every game. It's a Toronto and Detroit. And there may be one or two others. Another net. You can find two, three, four, six thousand unsold tickets. Not to mention how many of those people are no shows anyway. You got thousands of empty seats. It's an epidemic. Uh-huh. I see what you mean about the fans here. I said, I'm watching. I'm from Buffalo. Yeah. I'm sitting around watching them. And I think the nurse can as a goal. They all said they're like they're at a week. Right. Because they don't know what the women said. My name is just all what a block blocking blocking. And then when they score a goal, they all jump up. That's what the nurse has goal. Yeah. Well, they're too busy talking on the cell phone. They don't have time for that. All right. No. But I can tell say how to return a red. Who? Five, six, seven, five. Say how to fat boy when you're seen in Buffalo. By the way, he'll be back to the next and check the log. Before the next snowfall. Came up on the elevator with him this morning. Same single crab. How can he still be here, by the way? How can he still be here? And where's Gary started by the way with that name in the phone number that I'm supposed to call this afternoon. So I can save his bigger count. See, I always do this. You go, I tell you, I admit openly and honestly, but I'm just compulsive. I can't help but I go away for a few days. A few days. I come back as anything. Gonna be different. No. You think of a change? No. Just like now. Look at that. Now all the lines are all filled with. I know what game they're playing. I know what they're playing. No, seriously. You know what game they're playing, too. They're playing. Oh, you know, one against the other here. And as long as you just remember that you're listening to me, I don't really care. Makes no difference to me. No, but seriously, it would seem to me that after the 85th Margaret, it would just get a little bit stale. You don't talk in a lot a little bit. Yeah. After Bob Green doing the 95th voice, I know what they're doing. Here's a mobile in the glee, and tell us. Hey, sir. Yeah. Yeah. What's up with you? I'm gay and whatever today, you stand on play the wheel. Where you a QAM promotional guy? Yeah. Well, I can say it's a little least when you have me gay. See you not a honey. Are you, are you trying to hit an arm of giel sir? No, I know you know, he only has eyes for you. Yeah, only has a fly for me. Okay. Another faggot. Five six, that's right. It was you, M.Gam. I'm sorry. All my coordinates at the U.M. game. Five six, 705, 60. No, Miguel's a nice thing. He's not that good. Okay. I did better last 10 days, believe me. Here's a mobile inlaughter Hill, hello. Hey, no, hi. Pretty good. I have to have to call and I'm a black man who doesn't beat on my life. All right. Here's a number four, baby. We're starting our own collection of black guys who don't beat up under God day women. Or anybody else. Oh, I hang out with people and then there's social circles for a black who also don't beat up on their life. All right. That's at least it doesn't now, we're up to. But I had to have to call on you. You're doing your annual black stick. And I know every week you stick on a mission with black people to call on. I know I do know I do not. That's the matter. Did I make up this story about this rate, Carothers Guide, a child is pregnant. What I'm saying is, no, you were talking about black music. Do you realize more white kids by black music and black kids? If only black kids purchased black music, those guys would not be making money. And what I'm saying is you're talking about a small. If only white guys own guns, what do you just say? No, I said with the rap music. Yeah. You have more white kids by black music. What was in that as shame? What is this your way of getting even? No, not a white kids are, but not a white kids are putting gold teeth in their mouth for crying. Why don't you leave them alone? Not bad enough that they just discovered disco music too. I'm just a played on making it. And every year you're stereotypes, it can apply to people across all racial lines. Yeah. And I'm just saying that. So you're saying that white guys are just as sexist toward women as blacks. I think guys in general are sexist. And you think that is a percentage wise now because there's a lot more white people, obviously. But percentage wise, do you think there's a higher percentage of white guys who get their girl friends, their women, their women pregnant and then just leave them? I think a statistic show that happened to be true. Because all you can do is you got to understand them now. When you compare apples and oranges, you have to compare apples and oranges. A lot of the things that you talk about, you know, social economic background. And people from the same social economic background, life almost mirror one another. You've got to do their colors. Yeah. So in other words, you'd say there's as many white trailer trashes. There are poor black guys, white who are knocking up their women and leaving them a fatherless, leaving their kids. Oh, I'm saying if you look at the individual's rather than the group, you're applying a lot of commonalities. A lot of criminality. Commonality. Okay. How do you rate the app? All right. Okay. See you at Bojango. Not see there. You go again. God damn it. Lots of big southern things. What? Bojango? We knock it back at a rucket and knock it around. I'm not sure if that was. And then taking off. Or that's a big southern white thing. Well, I think this guy had a good point then. Don't you? Uh-huh. Good. But at least we got you off your ass and got you in the phone and made a good point. Okay. Sure. That's good. God bless you. Thank you. See the one good thing I want to seriously. And I'm not saying this to be condescending or anyway. But I mean it. What I do bring up these issues that have to do with black people. At least we get a response from from. No, seriously. Not always brilliant the road scholars like that bitch that called before that was doing this. Whatever she was talking about. We've had like several in a row people at the head and I keep a good on their shoes. Eyes and made some sense like this guy. And what they were talking about. They knew their senses. Now if we could just stop always got the impractor peddlers out in the streets of Amsterdam. I'd be a lot happier. No, seriously. I don't want to see that crap anymore. Go, go, go. I don't want to see those guys. And I do ignore them as much as possible because, believe me, there's lots of better people that we're looking at. Believe me. Believe me when I tell you. Thank God. And you're one thing about those Dutch. They're awfully tall. Like you know what that means. Four minutes. Yeah, each of your hearts out on you, uh, darkies out there. Yeah. Yeah. They're relegated to running around on the streets out there. Peddler and crack an ecstasy. And the Dutch are running around the hanging it out. Four minutes still wanted five, 60 WDQA. The Neil Roger show. Four, 3D, 5, 60. Two, a, and. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. I love the more I fall. The station that delivers. Please, Ed. Delive me. Deliver me. Deliver me. And switch it on. Oh, we can't walk. You can crawl upon my wooden giddler. It's set to remove the deliverance. It's just your smile. We reach wide. That you listen to the radio all week in law. Don't say anything. It's a great place when it will be flown to Joseph George out for a canoe trip for two downback. Who don't watch the weather? And the accommodation didn't do the laundry. It's easy to wear. Now you see this rock thing. Just like a round on. It's nice. It's nice. It's easy to get too clever. Every time you hear net made, he's swinging my mouth. Oh, no, no, no, no. It's a river in sweet hair. We can't walk. Followers, seems you make kids your work. You, 90 by. We got 50. You. You, 90 by. Why don't we shoot a 5. Six in every room. I got that Goldberg show from Schoelau State to a 2 o'clock. We got Big Monday night football tonight. Packers in the 49ers to Girls teams tonight. Pretty weak. Yeah. A drug made a good point. That is if you watch Jerry Springer show you'll notice that the so-called panelists us done here in all of those shows today. They're all like same thing. Sally Jesse. What's the one that went to court because the Fang and what was Jenny Jones? All the same. All the sets all look the same. They're all sitting there on a big couch. They all give any to other duty looks just on Jerry's spring. They got more fist fights. That's all. You take a look at the panelists on those shows and they're like 50% black and 50% white trailer trash. So we need to last got a good point. Here's Carol City. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, don't walk. Okay. Neil, I like to say a few comments. First of all, why is it when cases like Lake Aroo? Right. In case this happened. Those things are most focused on then say a kid that comes from a single family home, be it like family and a white family. Strabbles makes it through high school and makes it through college and goes on and have a successful career. You know, that's like asking me what they don't report dogs that don't get lost. I mean, it's just not interesting news. It's just not interesting news, right? Well, no, I mean, how do you compare somebody shooting somebody and killing them? And especially their pregnant girlfriend, how do you compare that with somebody that was a success story? No, I'm not condoning what Ray Coruke is. Yeah. I'm not condoning that. Oh, Mike Tyson. You know, there's certainly are still millions and millions of people. Mike Tyson is going to go out and fight a guy named a Y mariner tomorrow. You know, and if the long run is on television and it was on pay for view, there's still many millions of people, mostly wiped by the way, who would pay to watch it. And it's probably the fact that he'd be in this come back. Well, I agree with you that Mike Tyson is a scumbag, but my thing is, I would like to focus more on the positive aspects of all kids and all people because as I've heard from a few calls, you have good people, regards on a race car or creed. Yeah. People are going to be people. So I'm sorry, you don't think there's any problem with the attitude of young black people toward women. Of course I do, but Neil, the, well, so why is it so bad for me to bring that up? Why is that such a bad thing to talk about? No, why don't you have to keep that in a closet? No, Neil, Neil, Neil, I'm what I'm saying is that's more focus on. There are a lot of good young kids out there out here today. There are a lot of good young kids. Yeah. There are a lot of good young kids. Well, thank God for that. We've all been big trouble for if there weren't. There are a lot of good young kids out here today. There are a lot of good young kids, black kids. White kids? Yellow kids? Well, okay, that's true. I'm speaking of black kids. Yeah. There are a lot of good black kids that I see every afternoon, right? They come, they don't come from the richest families in the world, but just because you have come from a family with money, that doesn't mean that you're morals and you're a scrupal are the same. Because to me, I don't care how much money you have. Money doesn't take the place of being respectable, being decent. Do you get that within your home? Do you get that within your home? And I was, I was with that, the media will focus more on kids as I said, that facing these these burdens every day is an overcoming, rather than the way Karoo shot his girlfriend. Yeah. But that rape rule shooting is girlfriend, sales more newspapers. Then a kid. So you don't think that's a news story? Like, have OJ since in order to people, or if Mike Tyson, raped a woman, or if Lawrence Phillips beat the crap out of his girlfriend and stuck to everyone, male locker, you don't think that that's a news story? Well, as far as I'm concerned, that's best known news story to me. You know what I was, you know what the news story to me? No. The school that my oldest daughter goes to, say her favorite teacher is old at teacher. That's what's important to me. Mike Tyson, my kids don't idolize Mike Tyson. My kids don't idolize OJ Simpson. They definitely don't idolize OJ Simpson. My kids like Dan Moreno, they like Michael Jordan, but you know who they're heroes of? They have grandmother, they have grandfather, they have mother, and they're fathers. They're family members out of heroes. Right, there you go. The family members. And as far, you know, I don't like the idea that there's so many kids, not just white kids, so many kids coming up and single family homes. But just because you come up in a single family home, that doesn't give you all the mad at the reason to be an asshole or to be a failure. Right. That's no excuse. We are the society. When we do something, we always say, hey, this happened to me when I was a kid. I got pulse, pulse traumatic. Yeah, that's where they were being whole life. 40 years later, they decided to go out and murder a bunch of people. Okay, my friend. I appreciate it. All right, thanks. I'm doing it. Here's a fact from Jettro. You believe that? Well, says Jettro, maybe it's Jettro doll. I don't know. It says Neil, what of us, Darky's done to you? Do we deserve this treatment? We've had to deal with a KKK, you have it. Oh, I haven't. Oh, Jews and Fags haven't had to deal with discrimination. It's not interesting, even though I don't think there's a real facts. All I guess it is. Look at that. It's got like a cover thing on it. It says, what have you had to deal with Vietnam? No, I think it was mostly you that had to deal with Vietnam. They shipped mostly. That's what you ought to be upset about. It said you didn't have to sit in the back of the bus like us. No, it's a matter of fact, we couldn't go on a bus. Unless we changed their name. I mean, here we go with the comparative. All I did was say that black attitudes about women are disgraceful in this country and unacceptable. How about that thing about one woman in South Africa to get to rape every 20 seconds? Remember that story? True story. Every 20 seconds a woman in South Africa gets raped must just be a coincidence. Probably learned it from the white man. Probably learned it from those damn British. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Hey. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I agree with the collar before it spoke to you about 99% of the things you say. I'm with you. Right. Well, I don't know about that again. You can't even run. I was never bored. I trust your instinct. Yes, I'm this one. Okay. I think you're a little okay. When a doctor straightened me up. No, I mean, you know, the bottom line is their problems with black youth as well as white youth. And I'm not trying to say that blacks don't have a problem with especially younger blacks don't have a problem with the treatment of other women. Yeah. That goes across the board. Across the board with what? Which whys white youth also? You think that young? You think that young white guys think of women? I'm not talking about sex. I'm not talking about that. But just just in terms of respect or lack thereof. You think that white young people look at women in the same way that young blacks do? Yes, basically. Yeah, fried boys. Yeah. Yeah, fried boys. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, a lot of bad beasts that are in terms of decent young black men. Yeah. Out there. Now, of course, you've got this situation with the music and the culture and everything. A lot of things. And the old people. Yeah. I mean, a lot of it exactly. And that's a problem. There's no doubt about that. But I mean, just to say that it's it's a great difference between them and white youth. I just don't see it. White youth is the same thing. Yeah. Okay. Thanks, my friend. Here's my friend. One thing. One of you's okay. He said 99% that ain't a bad bad thing. Ever. Right. There you go. Gee, I thought that was making a very obvious comment. And obviously not five, six, seven, five, 60. I see that somebody got a new haircut. Or maybe it's just growing out. Don't look as fat as you did before. When a vacation. That's good. That's not maybe not so good. You never know. Girls like that. Thank you. Look. Look at what it did for the recent a gallon. And in Recony. By the way, in Recony, rhythm divine. It's big and you're a baby. I don't like it. But it's big and you're a petista by law most junior. So in Biola most was great and Recony. But hey, just just right. Get him on a sweetheart. This is a bunch of who he will be. You sound a red dog. You've chugged a red wolf. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around our red cock. Red cock. Spomily head will leave you breathless. Red cock goes down easy. At it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't eat a red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. One 15 to five, 60. You know that book person comes at the last call on the worst team made a illusion to this morning at the end of their show. It's our be calling. I couldn't be wrong. And maybe the authors of that book were just racist looking to make a racist thing. But it seems to me that the overwhelming majority of those NFL players that they were talking about with the grotesque criminal records, etc., that they were of the dark persuasion. Am I correct about that? Now just because you say that doesn't make you a bigoted, it just happens to be a problem. And the attitude about women, we can have 6,000 phone calls about this and you're not going to convince me. No, I'm not saying that all black men have those kinds of attitudes about women or that all white men treat women great with respect. But I don't think it's debatable. Is it debatable? The point that I'm making here today? Oh, not argue with you. No, but seriously, is it a debatable point? It's a little bit lost side of it. It's lost side. And now you're starting to guide the imitatins again, too. And by the way, there are no attendants in this country unless they came here on a boat recently or on a plan, alitania. There are no attendants in New York. There are breedos. Just like our good personal friend Joe Constello who thinks that he's the titan. His parents and his grandparents were a titan. He's a gweel. He's not a titan. He would know Italy where to fight it on a map. I'm serious. Which I have no ID. See there you go. I'm confiscating again. Once again, try to shift the blame. Okay, from one group and pretty soon, we'll be back at a port of weekends again. Soon or later with George, you can always be sure at two things. Number one who'll give you the song that I've answered about he is an atheist. He knows he's an agnostic, which to me is a pussy. You know, his wife is an agnostic. No, I'm not. You admit you don't know. That's what agnostic is. Absolutely wrong. I don't have any answers, but as far as believing in an accreator or religion, I don't even know anything. See now you're getting defensive again. I know that it was a ball's crystal. She's an atheist. Yes. Yes. You're an agnostic. That means I don't know. Yeah. I don't know what's going on out there. Well, we know that. Some people who are like a girl are still eating. You can act their bishops up to. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Can't hear you. How you doing? There you go. Hey, I'm a Tonyo black man. Yes, sir. I do agree with what you say about the music. I have something to do with it. Yeah. Because, uh, like, look at the music. I'm Tonyo. I shouldn't know. Those are the black. I did. I don't know. No. See, there's stupid. Yeah. Like, uh, then to the song back that answer. Have you heard of that? No. Back that answer. Yeah. It's all about keeping it in a juvenile or the muffler goes. Uh-huh. No, I don't know. I'm in a supermarket. I hear a little five-year-old tell his mother to back that answer. Really? And you back that? Yeah. So I do agree with that. I don't know what I'm going to ask him. Where you fudge back? Yeah. That's what I want to ask that kid. I mean, no guys are going to ask up. I'll be goddamn. You know, who's? No. Yeah. Who's things? Who'd be singing? juvenile. Man, I kid don't know. Yeah. I'll pay him. Man, you, you write me. I don't care what. That's, and then that's just like, uh, that record that, uh, George loves so much that they, uh, Nokia. What the hell is that? Well, though. Right in the, uh, the Olympic, the Olympic, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, that, that piece of it. And I was a white guy, isn't he? You know, they don't know any better. Yeah. I mean, back that, look at the swing of that. Yeah. What kind of crap is that? That, uh, I listen to it. Yeah. But I still tell the whole the back that I asked. Yeah. In fact, I tell them don't back the air surface. Well, I tell you something right as fast as I can. Have a great day, pal. All right. Let me see. Yeah. Don't back that air soft, baby. Whatever you do. Were you fudge back him? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 T. Wireless line. I guess it just depends on your attitude about life in general. Just look at it from a whole different perspective. You know what I be saying? Uh-huh. Yeah. Back that ass up back that back that big fat ass up. How's that, huh? Back that big fat black ass up. Oh, back that big fat Lily, why that stuff? Speaking of Olympic biscuit. Oh, by the way, you notice how their second song is going over like crap. That's a war song. You won't, you won't help them. That said, you know, you're the guy that was giving me a song and answered by the way, this Sunday, I'll be going to see the back street boys who are bigger than life. Larger than life. I hate to break the news to you. You walk up and down the damwack. All the records, doors and Amsterdam. What do they plan? You walk up and down young street in Toronto. What do they plan? Blast it up to speakers. The back street boys. A year and a half after you told me, flash into pan. Okay. That's still not one straight male. I've ever thought the record's wrong. Absolutely. Not a whole point. Wrong. You're so you snitched the Nile. Here is the guy who's claimed to fame. Was it accidentally got scored about it? The goddamn swing club somewhere. Which he's not listening to what I'm saying right now, where he'd be scomping at them out. What about it? Yeah. Do we sound one? Found one. It's building a straight guy that bought the back doorboard. Who clearance? John Weeder. You sure? Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Yeah, near. Yes, sir. I got a degree with you too in a last corner. It's true. Black folks just don't like to hear the truth. And like, if you're saying, you know, they do be derives. It's a culture thing. Yeah. It has really nothing to do with race. It's a culture thing. If you said, if you're not racing, if you say it, but you know, it's the fact. It's only races unless it's something negative. It's not a positive. It's not races. Okay. My wife will get that. I'm out of races, but you know. Right. What make you jump? Exactly. And the old Jews can't drive. Okay. Work on it. Okay. It's studio. Okay. What kind of a phone was that? Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line. We got an open line on a world famous line now. 87 seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. Let's get a call from downtown Detroit from 12th street in Detroit. Come on. We're going to get a call from Detroit. Oh, let's go. Here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Good. I think the problem you have here today is you're telling the truth again. Most people can't handle that. The last couple of colors are pushing pretty intelligent in there so that it's not all black men. No. Oh, yeah. There. Every time you say something you have to do with this claim right. I quit doing this claim was 50 years ago. If people don't understand what I'm talking about. If they're that they didn't skinned or light skinned or dark skinned or whatever it is. And that's their problem. I'm not going to have to. I don't have time to deal with that. Yeah, area. Changing a teacher. DeHawke. What do they want? They have to pay me a game. Yeah. Great game. I wish a thing was a little one but circumstances as they were. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you how to win. I got one guy that's scoring on your goals. He's out. You were talking about your tenets. I think the only show I was at in Pittsburgh was the one the other night. We beat the center. It was five to the other. Yeah. It was like they just knew something good was going to happen. Some great was going to happen. Right. There was a I think it's a the so on. It's 17 or 16589. Right. And there were 171 15. It's standing room. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We have standing room in Toronto every night. It is a matter of fact that even with a marginal caps coming into town tonight, that's the only game in the league tonight. They'll have standing room only at the air can of the center. Right. Those are your real hockey fans up there. Yeah. Shane, what's the question? Totally. Shane, what's the question? Yes, sir. My wife is Jewish. Can you run around you? Okay. Thank you, buddy. I have a great day. Run around you. You know how long it's been since I played that? So I will play it in a little while. I just want to make sure it's still in there. It's doesn't sound or it's not over. Yeah. By the way, it's our quiet time here at WQA. Be quiet. Don't talk about it. It's quiet time. The lawyers are calling. Greg is having a nervous breakdown. Scratching where that big gaping hole is in the middle of his head. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 8777856345. You're right. That line's pretty weak. That out of the timeline. Even in Palm Beach, even in Fort Myers, even in Naples, even in Port Charlotte, pretty goddamn weak. What in tears you have? I got any idea how I had a fight. Trenton murder suicide. Everything out of the sun to get them to put that line in here. We never even dreamed that they would. And they finally did. And just as usual, you know. Just when you think you accomplished something. Who is that? Is that somebody I'm supposed to know Andy on a mobile? Or if we're going to put the last day on their moss. Andy and Moss, what about does he want? Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay. Welcome back. I'm calling for specific reason. You said that Mike Tyson, they would pay to watch Mike Tyson fight a one murder. Yeah. I have a one murder. Yeah. I one murder would kick his ass. I don't doubt it, but they'd still pay to watch him. I know it. Welcome back. George did a good job. He keeps the native dress. What's up to you? You get people fired up. What did he do? You know, you did the good job. You just get, you know, get a lot of calls. It's so interesting. You know, going. You just a lot of call. You try to make me feel bad. George gets the ball. I'm definitely saying the people that call him are very fired up. They call with a, you know, they're very fired up. Far enough about one. Whatever he's talking about. Yeah. People irritated. And I don't. You know you do. No, I don't get people irritated. George gets people irritated. It's better than tape. Yeah. So I just want to talk. I'm not debating that. I think George is a fine job considering all things equally. You know, I hadn't talked to you a while. I just, I called because he's short. But anyway, welcome back in, uh, take it easy. Thanks, Andy. All right, Neil. Yeah. Thanks for making me feel so good. I mean, five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. See, I look at it this way, Mr. I don't have a goddamn thing left to prove except that paycheck. You know, I'm talking about that's all I care about. That's a terrible thing, movement. That's all I care about. Just keep giving me the checks because I already know all about this company inside and I know that I work for a bunch of phone easing and losers. I mean, this is amateur. Even Ted Mack would have gone to this place. Long time ago, with a bunch that gone. Gone these bastards out. Here's homestead, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Um, first of all, you're last caller. I consider it to be a real cigar leaker because he's a cigar liquor. Yeah, he's not so, you know, what the will is that like a back dome liquor, is that it? That's correct. But anyway, it's in back up your big black ass over here, something like that. Excuse me? What is it? Whatever that guy said back up your ass. Whatever we're talking about. Well, that's what I want to talk about. You're talking about, uh, black, uh, music about that. But that's, uh, now, well, I'm not talking about that kid was talking about it because you know, I don't know the record yet, but I'm going to want to buy it. Well, what about the Jewish hum how about through a herb of Anguero? What? You know, what about song, uh, the Jewish song that you guys think about? A herb, a herb, a herb, a fang. Same thing. How about a one? How about a one? How about a one? How about a big one? Is that what you said? Something like that. Yeah, it sounds to me like you're the expert pal. I'm finding them. Good luck to you and don't pack you to what you did by the way. Don't pack that ass up your it. A lot of bad stuff going around man. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. Oh, now it's the Jewish songs. That's where the problem is is those damn racist and sexist and bigoted Jewish songs. Like how about a big one? What was he trying to say? How about a one? Have a fan of Tampa? Hey, what's wrong with a nice Jewish boy? What was big like my old friend, the late Alan Fickleson with a big cigar in his post? Alan Wood and never been Alan if he didn't have a nice big cigar in his post. That's what made him what he was. That's what probably stuck him in a ground too. But that's the way it goes. You know, you take your chances. Just like your friend Al Gulstein there with his 45 points. You know, every there's a place called Jen and on the damn rack, it's a big candy store, J. A. M. I. N. And it's one of those places where you like bulk, you know, you go in and buy all different kinds. And in the front now, they've got two gigantic coolers of Ben and Jerry's ice cream. And every time I would walk by there, I would think immediately of Al Gulstein. I don't know what it was, but walking to Albertines, that Albertines, the big department, so the supermarket, and you go and walk by the thing there with the ice cream, there's Ben and Jerry's eight million flavors. Every time I walk by that, I think of Al Gulstein. Every time I think of a big fat dead Jew, I think of Al Gulstein. 26 after one at 5.60 WQAM. Only one South Florida radio station has that. The goal for week they happen in the two sports radio 5.60 QAF. What is a buffalo bill? Found the child. CHILDREN. police organizations. This is in West Virginia. It was made that strange. It was just a beautiful lot of times. You know what I felt? The back of the show looked at the closing tune. It was a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, there are Mortic Committee of Versentification. You can try to be something that's called this girl. He might be a gay, a gay, a long time ago. And he got with her all of his arms closed. Yeah, good, it's gone for now. No, that's the why she's doing. We got all of this human. I'm not alone, I've been tired of it. I've just been stuck on it. You know, that's the why. I think that brother is right about these two songs. 13456, he's 17 few A.M. Oh my god, and you see I was just thinking about algo. The difference between a guy and a Jew, the big of a big defining difference is that when it comes to food and sex with the Jewish guy, the food will always win out. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The guy called you, the guy called you earlier, Black guy from Kiva's game. Right. And I just want you to know that guy's an imposter because anybody that isn't a guy. You know, there's no Black people in Kiva's game. Oh, there's a couple of slips in there. You better watch it. No, no, no, no, no. I go there all the time. There's no next. You'll do that in the other thing about the Black serial killers? Yes. The reason why they aren't here is to talk about the guy from Atlanta. We mentioned him a couple of ways to know the, Well, I mean, there's a few, but what happened is that I was watching it on the scum again. I mean, they're not smart enough to get away with multiple ones. I have to wanted to get caught. Oh, guy. Okay. Thanks. You must be, why there's no Hispanic serial killers. Well, that's right. There was the one in California. And what about the green, I saw this thing on MSNBC about five minutes of last night. The green river killer was that the one in California that they never caught. And they were questioning Bundy. Huh? The serial killer in California. When you get with it, what kind of a lot of the green river guy? But I don't know what happened with that. They never found out who it was. And they asked Bundy and he said, Yeah. You know, the one good thing I love, even though he managed to squeeze all those last years out of life at our expense, a taxpayer expense here in Florida is that everyone of these pieces, you see, he was scared, crapless to die. Bundy scared to death, so to speak. And guess what? Took a long time, but eventually, right is that. I'll write. There's a good white boy, Ted Bundy. Here's Hylia. Thank you. Welcome back. Thank you. How about black shoes? How do they treat their bitches? That's a good question. It's like black bags. How do they tip? Yeah. The little money twice or something. We'll take a poll. We'll take a survey. Okay. To change the subject. I'll call out to Ruan Siha, how are you doing? All right. Yeah, Ruan. He's a Latin black shoe. All right. He's got a cover. Exactly. To change the subject. They're in a fat shoe bag. Yeah. Last week, John Henry. His latest scanners to take it to the borders. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah. Exactly. By lobbying, the Palahancy Legislature To force an election in November of 2000. Yeah. That's his latest. Well, that's good because you know what the answer is going to be. No. No. No. Right. And this is insider information. Okay. From his camp. Yes. That feels that he was going to wait till after you were off the air. You're going to be a collector. I'm off here for what? Because I guess you're a thorn for his side. Well, what does that have to do with the election? If the election is going to be in November of 2000, I'm not going to be off here. Right. But if it fails, he won't try to get the stadium built so after you're off the air. Okay. Great. I might attack another three four years on. Can't do. Not. Have a great day, pal. Hey. How about then, Dolphin? Okay. Yeah. Just say, John Henry. Okay. I must be crazy. I must be not. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 56060. I mean, that, you know, something that was the defining moment of working for this company. Having a man come running in here, looking like he had just been in the goddamn state bank. What would his fly open? You know, seriously, but this look of terror shared terror on his face. Oh, the leaders are calling him. I'm going to be now ready to push, you know. As opposed to just like a businessman, I mean, if this is such a major dealing, put out this memo, which now thanks to me. There was a memo a lot that should have been out beforehand. And he should have gone to Bluff, Lindsay, and said, in your spare time, in between making up the schedules here and crying, make a goddamn memo a lot of saying, here's the deal that's going down. And we can't talk about it. And it's a quiet beer. And that's that. That's all. That's the way you're doing a real business. But they don't know how to do that here because it's not a real business. It's monkey business. No, I didn't say porch monkey business. I said, just regular panel, wife folk monkey business. How do you like that? Well, I'm not old a wife. Rho! And him too. I always got to be one. 22 before two at five, 60 WQA. I have my nose up, kneels ass. Yeah! Well, how does that thing go again? Back to your ass off that thing. Is that how that goes? All you kids out there when your parents start giving you a bunch of crap, especially like in a store, something like that. Just say, back to you ass away, okay? Back to you ass off that thing. Here's the general again, who's an older spring's California. I wouldn't read the second facts again, but it is rather amusing. It said, I like your show, but you show no consideration for the Afro American community. Do you intend on continuing your attacks? Do you slow self-esteem and racism? We don't deserve this from you. You come back from your vacation in attack as wide-end to stay in Amsterdam. That's a good question, Jeff. That I would ask myself for the last three hours. Maybe you're jealous because we're better at sports than whites, NBA, NFL, Major League Baseball, left out the NHL. Also, ass black women, if whites sexually satisfied, then better than darkies. Of course not, they don't have the equipment. So, Jeff's row in all the spring's California. There's the answer for you, baby. Yeah, you want to get treated good and have that big gigantic tool, also, huh? No way. Can't have everything. Spooled, bitches. Anyway, here's a facts from one of my Dutch listeners who says, What are you saying? We in Holland don't ask you well or care where you are, what's your from your ethnic background, your shoe size. That's right, nice going there, my little Dutch friend. I'll still believe whatever that means. Donkavel. Here's a mobile in Pembroke, fine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Man, do you know what? I want to talk to you about the Lord, man. About what? About Jesus. Jack Lord, Jack Lord, he'd be dead. No, man, the Lord Jesus Christ, man. Who does that? What that be? Man, is that a pigment of your imagination, sir? No, sir. It's a reality. Yeah. Probably. There was never any such person as Jesus. Oh, and he hung up the phone. hung up the phone. Look at that. I got my fingers straight up in the ear here. I didn't even know where near the guy there. He hung up on me. There's my good religious friend for you right there. Yeah, I'm not. I've talked to me about Jesus breaking Christ. Cops of hoist pal, okay. Back you asked up on this. Five, six, seven, five, and that how that goes. I think that's how it goes. Yeah. Back you'll block ass up on this something like that. On this old telephone pole. Or on some old pole. Here's my me, be. Chello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Welcome back. Sure. I love your show and I hope a lot of your philosophy will make a lot of sense. But I wouldn't know from you. I mean, you could have sent it sometimes when like people criticize the George being in there. And I will tell you, I can not stand in for once again. Yeah. Listen to them. No, it's not a question. What's the point? If you don't like him being like, he's not going to not be on. He's going to be on as long as I go on vacation. He's going to be on. I mean, the whole, the whole thing here. He just talked about couple things and he, everything. My position. Like religion, talking about the Cuban, talking about his mother and all the people. You can say the word. He even said the word, too. But he said Puerto Ricans and several times don't know. Pics on those Puerto Rican back and crap. Yeah. So you don't like George when he does this show. So what's the one I'm supposed to do about it? Don't put him in the show. He will be on the show. All right. Good luck. Okay. Goodbye. There you go. Guess we settled that. Yeah. To go to all the faction in the Rogers way, right? Yeah. He'll be on the show. Okay. Goodbye. Just like I kept hearing on that guy, didn't eat $1 million computer I had. Goodbye. By the way, speaking of Gary Sarner, where's that putbacker? Did he ever bring that information up that I was supposed to do bad? I can't call somebody and talk to them. Gary Sarner unless you come back with the information. Okay. You're the little silly person you. You know, the best part about Gary Sarner is he's like one of the, he's like on the edge of the inner circle. You're almost talking about he's like on the periphery of the inner core, the untouchables here. But he's only been fired about 15 times since he's been here. So he's never really going to be on the inside. He's always just like on the fringes. Yeah. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Welcome back. Yeah. Yeah. They're all saying back now that we're getting the fuel. They wish he could have the welcome back and then they pull it off a money. But I wanted to, I kind of just call to. I mean, everybody knows when George is coming on. They know when he's coming on. Oh, they don't like your coming back. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? They don't like when he's on. They don't like when I'm on. They don't have to listen when I'm on. What? What? Gary? Oh, what? And that guy I've been all earlier about the tipping on, uh, at a takeout. That's ridiculous. I mean, you can, I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm keeping it. I'm keeping it a convenience store, you know. Yeah. I'm the person that they have like a tip, uh, uh, special window for takeouts and stuff. That person's working just as a way, just like the other people that work in there. You can throw them a little change. You can throw the change. Yeah. The fill little change in there. I know that guy is a cheap guy from Buffalo. He's pretty. Yeah. You know, you know, you know, you know, you see that's why it's good that I bring these things up because these are the things that get the brothers to call me get some people. I got an IQ larger than their, uh, equipment and it's good. Yes, it is. Great radio. I don't even have a great day. I wouldn't say that. Oh, it's not. I mean, at least kill some time as opposed to the first hour, whatever he was when I'm sitting here pleading and begging for calls because I'm not here talking about swing clothes. I mean, Yeah, that's what the Lenny's buddy there who called an earlier, which he didn't really need to call you. He's a good guy. We appreciate it. The great ride home yesterday. But you already said the same thing off here. Don't start getting chronic. How beer, whatever your name was. Rippin' George and I. So he's got to get off that plate. It was repeat retreat. You know, to all, mama, he acted like that was the only thing you talked about all week. I said, oh, Jesus, not again. He barely even mentioned that. He barely even mentioned it. By the way, did you go there? I see that was there. And it was great. You get squirted on again. No, that may. See, I want to tell you something. I can't think of anything. I'm trying to, I'll go then participating. Other than actually touching, I can't think of anything Faggoter than being squirted upon. No question. By the nail, he jab of another person. That would be, yeah, breaking nightmare. Okay. Good. We agree on that. We just have it if an outlook on it. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's plantation. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm from up in the last. And every time I visit my mother down here, the fire tower I look forward to you, sir. Oh, yes, sir. Anyway, let me ask you a personal question. First, I visited him for the entry time in 1969, 1970, 70. Well, that's a better idea. Yeah, and I lived in Copenhagen and Sweden for a previous Copenhagen. Yes. Let me ask you, I preferred Copenhagen to lamps the venue, even then when it was really crazy for the German 50s and the anti-warmen. Yeah. And I assume you visited Copenhagen. Yes, twice, huh? Yes, yes. What are you building? Probably going to be very quiet now. It's changed dramatically. It's becoming, it's a beautiful city. And the people are very beautiful. But it's not anything like what it was when you were there. I did. That's right. Yeah, it was beautiful. And then my statement, he was also, is that we're regarding the book The Nazi Pope, you know? Very little is said in the papers or anywhere, especially in the New York Times, they're not telling you in the mouth. During the war, the way the Serbian helped to Jews. They were fervent anti-nautzes. And they accepted Jews as a partisan those that were able to escape. And the Crow Act, were the words that I saw might. Yeah. And they were so pronounced in the work in the camps. They were. What are you trying to use that to justify? I don't know, not the point. What about the point? My point is also, is that the Pope at that time helped the Nazis escape through the ravline. And especially the Crow Act that were involved. Right. And they escaped any per prosecution that I've been a war. And that's why I'm not condoning what's going on out over there. And actually with the Serbs and the Crow Act. But it just they piece of history that's very little publicized. Well, everybody is in fact, it should be mandatory reading and all schools in this country hitlers' Pope. This book should be publicized. I was there out of the book, also. About what went on during the war, you know, over that period. And I think it's also repolves around the anti-communism and that's one reason why supposedly they say that that Pope was so a pro-napti because he was afraid of the communist. Oh, yeah. That's always over the strike. But it was also other factors involved. And then you never met a Nazi didn't like. Great. I'm a friend. Okay. Okay. One fifty two five sixty WQA. This is five sixty QA. No offense but fall. Fort radio five sixty. QA. Neil Rodgers. Why Tuesday? We go not. And our computer go all night. Why Tuesday? We go not. Everybody draw night. We go all night. People will panic. We're burned at the top. There's a red satin on that disease. Here. Here. Here. Forward. If everybody's really busy and then goes out in hot bands. On an evening alone. Tak this one's well jarring and walking. Let's go. How'd he press a little before? Lady, a lot of you going to act like today is the 29, 2, and the 31, 33 days. Less than 33 days now, as in 14 hours less. How do you like that? 32 and a half days, and a sky is going to be falling anybody believe that? Oh, you'll still be acting some of you like a bunch of idiots. Wanted to take out your money. By the way, I never played Westball to them. I'm very disappointed because you won't like it. So I'm not going to play all of this. Wait, I'll be in, like you know, if it's not you. Oh, you can't say that in her. You are the sunrise on your face. Next one is from the distance. No, that can say I thought you were. Then I give it time on the edge. For one day, I will keep you sweet closed. alkali platy machine, and make you happy. Here it is to my client Westball. Where's the way? You'll invest some time from San Diego but that's not the point. They can actually sing a little bit, it will be here someday, like maybe power 96 will put out some of the thing. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm curious. I want kids. Curry discovers Westlife. Then they'll be playing at a power 90 six. I'm just going to describe it all the other British music that John gave him.