Sports radio 560 W2AM my amy for Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers show up to Neil called 567 056 to toll free for David Browner or count 560 on yourself No, no, no, no, his nose callers are all No Don't Weev acquisitions for the fe� Yeah I'm all right I got that. 25 what's again faster than your hypocritical I make a film And why does many crank. === What is his problem? He's gonna be like two. He's gonna be about the new escape. He's gonna be like a couple of states and the red and the new. Very good closet and not coming out because there is so much too limp. They refuse to accept that of the capile. They're overworked, he's a little swish. Okay. Yeah, he spows and the boys are falling, and the toes and things that go, they're like foil fish. Try to make him try to try to try to make him try to try to try to make him do it. Try to make him try to try to try to make him do it. Try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to do it. But you know you can try to change me. You're way to your time. They try to find your potential, the challenge to the new. You's not a man to make a decision To see if someone I knew Can't say right to say Great change in the Of look out, you've been in color Can't you just say right to say To say right change in the Of letting you want to be in those bad habits Try to change in the Of letting you want to be in your Time, yes you can try to change May you always be in your time I love the way it ends Anyway it's 10 or two at five sixty WQM and the big word today is No, what do you say? No, say it again I have a feeling based on what I'm Seeing and hearing I think it's going to be one of the great days in the history of our lives Well, all right Sports that That's right, big poll, call in poll last night on channel seven news Which I never watched but I was channel surfing and I saw they were pulling it And the public too And so even at the track when I got there I've put on the TV and there was channel seven news And they milk it right till the very end from five to seven p.m. And they did the polling they took 83 million calls And 24 percent on this idiotic sales tax increase And 76 percent said No, no, no Then this morning on channel seven news which again I was watching I hate to break the news here But they're covering it better in anybody else Sorry about that during Elson they're doing a better job in anybody else channel seven It's a burysing So they had some binbo that one of the polling places in surf site Not sunrise one of the binbo's in the studio was saying I think she's up in sunrise Oh, that's right sunrise and brown they wouldn't be voting Right, good thinking So anyway she was in surf site and eight o'clock the polls of course opened at seven this morning And we'll be open at seven tonight Be sure and vote early and often today And she said I've talked to several people a good cross-section of people here this morning The first hour voting and they have all every one of them has voted Oh, I do like that every one of them I'm just most of them I'm just a few of them every single one of them said Yeah, I like that I think today is the day that we call the bluff of a literate people like that Puerto Rican phoning movies for Ray Oh, yeah the former mayor who was the mayor back in 1980 when they stuck at you people the first time for the metro fail And he's got the hook but again on her last couple of days and say oh of course it's a piece of crap because it only goes There's a 23 miles it doesn't go anywhere Two billion dollars later He comes on 20 years later It says it's a piece of crap. It doesn't go anywhere But he was one he was the mayor of the city of Miami back then telling everybody how great it was We had all the drug money coming in town so we didn't have to worry about Reagan's a recession because we had all this drug money coming in When they were walking around with a big suitcases of cash buying up VCRs at the Omni Yeah, I remember those days Maurice you phony Puerto Rican bastard You're not fooling anybody you've heard of bait and switch this is blatant switch With Maurice for Ray just bring back all the old hacks merits dear high marries for a the people of line of the Public in this town year after year after year after year and made it to toilet that did counties become today They've had the opportunity they had the helm all these years. They've turned it into what it is today and then of course the hero and other chance just to say those lion self-serving bastards over there Thanks to Norman Raymond by the way I mean Richard Friedman Dave Slater thanks to them especially Norman Raymond because him coughed up the the bucks there is what made these people possible to put the TV ads on there And the radio ads it actually wake up the public here I've been feeling a lot of people are gonna go out there and vote today. I could be wrong, but you've got till 7 o'clock tonight The finally stick it to him and tell me don't trust him with 50 cents much less 250 million a year for the rest of your lives Here's a mobile an avantura hello Hey Neil 31 year old who the youngest resident of avantura Yes, I hear it listening to you. I was finally inspired to call today. I just let him vote it All right Thank you for thank you for inspiring me. Thank you for being on the air and pushing this I'm sick of the BS here in date County and thank you have a great day Thank you. Thanks for coming up to send you very best. There's a guy to vote it. No, I think like that I have a feeling they're gonna take a woman today. That's my feeling. I don't think it's gonna even be close, but don't become complacent don't assume that just because channel 7 did a phone in pool or because somebody was it's surf side don't assume that the beat is done Everybody in date County is a registered voter. I heard you've been written put this morning Ron there. Telling everybody vote. No, I scroll on guys Nice book two by the way. Oh, and let me just clarify a couple things about the book. Dough is very concerned psychotic even about the fact that he had the fall book on is the previous reference instead of the winner book But it does make a difference the spring book is the numbers we gave you and they were right and as far as Hank is concerned keep in mind Hank is on to the 6 not 3 to 7 And so therefore after and drive is deleted just like us. We're not on 10 to 3 want 10 to 2 so you have to wait a few days till we get the computerized stuff and and Hank may actually have been number one Or these very close to it there and after and drive and I wouldn't be surprised to see some serious bonus money. Let me just come in his way anyway So there you go, huh, for now. Why 100 thing that's just that is the biggest scam. I think after we investigate this local of these local politicians here. Let's investigate arbitron 25 to 54 men Why 100 number one in the afternoon is anybody believe that? No, what is it no? Say to get louder. No, and that word just keeps coming through my mind all day today. No, yeah since I got up this morning out of bed. I kept hearing. Oh Do you know what I mean Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I think Grower's in a race to see who could waste more money than our date. Yeah, paper for any needs How was it? Yeah almost a 95 I look over I was head west I look over in the parking lot. There's that'll be 15 share of Broward Broward share of cars BS people yeah One I'm standing in the middle of road pulling people over for speeding tickets right I thought it was a restaurant or Please yard yeah, there's so many cops in that yard there. They given our feet on to the reticulum I list everybody be warned. Okay, 40 thanks for the warning pal. Yep God bless you there you go Hey listen don't think that the people in Broward are looking upon this with a very great interest because quite frankly We have nothing loose we would say win win situation in Broward Because if this thing should pass it they bring enough dead people in late tonight It down there in homes. They'd have put it over the top which I doubt but if they did it's just gonna bring a lot more business to Broward County We say bring it on But somewhere along the line you have to have a conscience now I came into sporting the guys from the morning sure we're all there in a hallway And I said then I said though you guys really pushing to get these people out to vote and I said huh? Yeah, I'm about to delve on breakfast. I'm about to delve on breakfast. Ah, in fact. There That's all the word they were they were gagging on it. They were choking on that dolphin breakfast I have a feeling they because don't forget we're only here in 12-3 today We got a short show so we have to make as much impact as possible because we got that stupid stupid idiotic Marlon game coming up in 12-3 pregame Yeah, who the hell was that that the schedule led today in the afternoon on election day Nine minutes past ten at five sixty your highly rated WQA nearby the way Waffen ventilated How do you like that we're laughing at laughing in very jackass? We're getting the vent I want to bang you in the butt honey When they come in melanoma I can until I'm almost in a coma Hawaii my amni and I never ever use any sunscreen Sun with me and with me hope we don't mind I'm a little faculty We'd like to find you can sell the aroma I like to roll on but there's nobody home I spend all day at work planning that when I get off a ghost standing I get naked and fake fake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist and new More relatives have to help me find a dermatologist I'm in the sense to we get melanoma we'd like to find you can sell the aroma I like to roll on but there's nobody mama No, my eyes we lie in the sun till we get melanoma We bake like a bun you can smell the aroma we got less times skin bigger than the Metro No, my We don't care if we get melanoma we got the best chance from here to Arizona We don't have genitalocone Yeah, here's the guy that helped suck you in a spending two billion dollars over Last 20 years for a piece of crap that nobody rides and he's got the hotspa this Puerto Rican hatched man to get on there and Give us big son and dance about well of course it's a piece of crap But it's only twenty few miles it doesn't go anywhere great thanks a lot Marys how much for education How much for building roads and improving transportation how much for clean up urban renewal and cleaning up the county Could that money have been used in the last one years that two billion dollars For something worthwhile Instead of another white elephant just like that stupid little arena that's sitting over there soon to be very vacant another white elephant We got more goddamn white elephants. It's like a goddamn circus without the rings Waffin delays day view by the way oh and before I go into that whaffin thing that editorial and the hero yesterday That doom and gloom thing about the economy decline and all these terrible things that'll happen if you vote no today Would you will I To break the news either reason that people don't want to come here businesses and business people They've had articles in last couple of months about how difficult it is for them to recruit people to come to work for businesses here Because of the fact that the education system sucks because the coil and cry is a disaster because the a date County is a toilet Because generally speaking it's a place where dead people other than that if you take the 10 blocks us out beach out of there What do we got and out there or oh People parlour in a banana boat home. That's what we got and All you politicians by the way there gonna be looking your wounds at about 9 or 10 o'clock tonight when all these final overwhelming numbers come in Don't be blaming anybody else for yourself You've had the opportunity to do something about all of these things including the Harold by the way Sitting up there on your high horse over the last the godowing those how many years with your non group meetings Sitting in deciding and picking choosing what's supposed to be best for everybody else, but really what's only best for you people And it's an interesting by the way Carnival raises the assault count isn't that Mickey Erisons cruise line last time I checked 22 rapes among alleged incidents They disclose when did there were even more allegations of sexual assault aboard its cruise ships during a five-year period Then it revealed earlier this month here is it talk about rapes here is a man who's raping Dave County With the assistance of Mayor Pinga. That's the best part and all the other politicians including that That knife wielding Puerto Rican memories for rape That's right Max Tapper Mickey Erison there's the trigger in a woodpile sucking out siphoning the blood All the cash out of Dave County and they can't bend over a fast enough for this guy They can't open up their acto might enough to satisfy him and with his billions of dollars and daddy with his nine billion dollars a tax for you Whatever an Israel What kind of crap is that? I'm gonna tell you it's pretty hard to do But if you want to look at one guy that makes Wayne Erison look like Santa Claus. I mean makes Mickey What what's his name a Wayne? Hi Pinga. See I'm so tongue-tied I can't even get it out. I can't even say it myself because it's all ludicrous, but nevertheless it's true He makes Wayne look like Santa Claus This Mickey Erison The Dave County rapist. That's what he is Just just siphoning the people end the money out of the economy of this town and doing it with the assistance of all these politicians Or tell you how they're so concerned about you and all these traffic types which they help do a create by the way and they can't have a lot worse Thank you mayor Pinga, but the definite word today is no Waffen delays they abuse his very jackass South Florida's new sports radio station is pushed back its long state and his molling changes to what's original lineup plan What do you think of that? Yeah, now instead of August day to thinking about launching August 23rd Maybe August 30th but very doesn't say which year and wait to hear about the lineup which I'll get it later Give me a break Even double the news you will bury okay as the hero continues with their brilliant award-winning journalism Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, yes, sir. Yes, Mike I've been listening to you for a long time Yeah, I just went and voted at 930. Yes, sir over here off the Miller and a hundred and second Avenue Right, so Catholic church And it was one other guy in there So you people in Miami get off your dead ass and go both no no no no thanks Mike Okay, how do you like that? There's only one other guy at his precinct you people better get off your asses You got till seven o'clock tonight. Don't sit back on your haunches, okay? Because I got a hunch that if you do That's what they're hoping for they even admitted the other day that if it's a big turnout they're screwed If it's a bigger than an anticipate and of course that's a hell of an admission isn't it because of that really means is that if the If a sizable number of you come out in a voting date counting today that the will of the people really be done which is no way Jose And don't forget this isn't just a 15.6% increase in the sales tax and they've counted for now for roads for the it's for your lifetime It's for the rest of time. It'll never be rescinded. It'll never be rolled back you can bet your life on it You can go to the bank on it And even if they don't want a picture pass they don't want of getting all those federal matching funds that they're hoping for and there's a Dan glitch answer they won't because all these urban areas even even these newspapers had a big spread about that a couple days ago all these urban areas desperately trying to chew up that pie So what happens then if they don't get the matching funds and can't build that metro fair? Are you gonna recent attack? No, you're gonna be stuck with it forever So they can you know play fast and loose with it and do whatever and how they want Here's Miami hello Yes, sir one of the last seven green goes and date counting all right I got up early this morning and went and voted no Excellent word of the day was there anybody there there was a bunch of people there but unfortunately I live in Eastern shores So I've been with going across there on there wheelchairs or walkers People but I bet you those people were all voting. I'll guarantee you that I know at least one of them was when I was walking in He was walking out saying just say You got excellent. Nice job pal. Oh, I have a good one the other back to you. Thank you, sir. You were getting the vote out today baby We're gonna create that stick in Marlon game. I'm telling you right now work K it did we can afford to luxury get out of here at 12 30 I am so frosted and pissed off about that you believe me. I can't believe it. Oh come on. Shee do One day in my life that I would pass on the hour and a half off early any other day It's a hey sure fine. I'll leave here 10 30 if you want what are as long as I get paid I don't care but on this particular day it frost my big fat old Harry ass To think that we got to make way for a goddamn meaningless ball game that nobody in their right mind would listen to Because of course we got commitments. We got a page on Henry another goddamn billionaire They want so everybody do you know cough up the cash to build him a stadium So for building a play toy I think the time has come to start saying big time All these damn rich people and thieves That's what we got rich people and thieves down here. Look and I they don't give a crap about us All they care about is themselves and it runs special interest what the week here if John Henry loses money Nobody held a gun that was heading forced into by the frickin in the Marlon after Wayne dismantled them or horseball minor league team Nobody forced him to do that And now everybody in their brother or downtown for lottery and now I see lottery hill is make it a big picture Oh, yeah, they wanted a lottery. Oh, over there right by the a swap shop They finally forced the swap shop to build the overpass there even though Sheriff Nicky course was good Good buddies with the president and his hand they finally forced him to build the overpass So that after years of all the traffic disruption of a being impossible to get through there on sunrise We finally have a little bit of relief there now they want to put a guy down baseball stadium in there in Laudahill How do you like that? No See this is the idea of inconveniencing the masses for the convenience of a very very tiny select few That that just doesn't get the job done as far as I'm concerned That's why the president's dating. That's in a perfect location. That's what Joe Robbita. That's a great location Doesn't block anybody didn't change anybody's life So maybe a few shparks is over there, but other than that And that's right down the road from us here too. So when you want to go to the dolphin's breakfast. I'm sorry Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neo yes, sir. I just don't know about our girl right Listen, I have a I was determined on a year joint. Well Wasn't your bad. I'm probably the sixth the green go less in Miami, but in Miami springs is a little You know, I think everybody else knows well. Yeah, good I was just and Rick and said this morning they had a good point I go over there and I show my voter registration but didn't sign it So I asked the guy gives me a pencil to sign it. I thought they were talking about that That it's an indelible pencil Is that what it is? Yeah, okay because that's because you can't and I said no, I need a pen. It's not how you can't use a pen The button I said indelible pencil and it's a special it's not the I I had them talking about that David Lehi was the Elections come out commissioner called in and if you try to erase it it's it smears purple and there's no way to doctor it So it's okay, okay, because you got to the bottom of it already man right Thanks, Dale. Thank you, sir. All right, go to get about to a clock, please no. Oh, yeah I mean once once is a good start, but I'd say two three four times a big good just to be on the safe side because these other people You know what they do 30 bucks a vote. We heard a couple of days ago How do you like that not that we'd ever have any fraud in the lesson and let me tell you again I don't nobody will ever convince me because I remember like it was yesterday like it was five minutes ago Because I know how hard Richard Veman and the others of us worked fever's late 20 years ago to beat that Metro fail the first time to avoid that $2 billion It's flush down the toilet. That was a rigged election I'll believe that then and I believe that now as down Crowley on one said And as far as this mayor pingus concerned he's just a pimple. He's like the taggy. He's a pimple Just keep that in mind Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello Dale. Yes, sir. All right, good morning. How are you sir? Great. I just flipped on instead Did my voting and I also said the people all down here, but I'm 48 now is the youngest person there. Oh But yeah, they coming up Crowley got big signs that people have painted on to say no Great It's a turnout down here is not really bad. I didn't have to wait blind very long There's a couple absentees on the list. I was about five people on the list there and two of our absentees Okay, thanks. Okay. No, and I think that's what it's trying to say. Was it? No, okay Five six seven, five six the he other little early down there at homestead. I guarantee you one thing Mr. Mayor They're not gonna be coming out with a late votes at homestead to put you over the top this time. Are they? Oh, what is it again? No, little outer. No. Thank you Ma, what's up with you'll go from a spoke Your Yeah I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine, I'm going to be fine If I'm going to be fine,I'm going to be fine you five six you're w qa in by the way congratulations to our sales manager Luanne winner. I'm a Kex fan that's the she's the w qa MVP for the month of June. Anybody agree with that? No. Well, that's a word of the day. They can't stop saying no. She's the ratings just came out yesterday. She have a show on his station. No. She had a high rating. No. Okay. But never I didn't get her ran. Leave it, it matter. We have time. Make sure all if one had to cost for desse lamb before we could somehow start get sweet back back or Kabapad did. We send that as presentation. �uring off control screen. Everything has been collected all let's save that. All right, just actually getting passing. He generalized it's the column of a Sunday and a Harold out again, which I will re-limited the show. We've all got two all my run-to game, I'm a billion, finally. So that's two happy things. Right. So I'm just happy and I wish I could have voted, but just I'm not a resident. Well, as long as you're not in a did it, we're happy for her. Thank you, sir. 560, 505, 60, 105, 60, on a mobile one line, just say, no, that's a word today. And you minorities, by the way, you at that well-course in the county who knows if you're minority, but whatever you are, all you ethnic. Don't get sucked in here. Don't believe all this below any of all these jobs. They promised the same crap back the first time to the minorities get the job, did they get any like big boom-dog or any big fall-off from this? No, all they got was the shaft, like they always get. Just take a look at the county. Just take a look at the death and destruction. What it's turned into, the decay. Where is the Harold with all their answers for that? Where has the word they've been all these years? And all these other hacks like that, Puerto Rican Maurice Farray. Where the hell have they been? Masquerading is something that he's not a human being. Yeah, well, it was a real piece of crap, you know, it was a little bit of a spectres in Gordi work. Well, how come you pushed it back in 1880? You were the mayor of Miami back then, Maurice, you illiterate bastards, you go on, you idiot. Go wander around on the streets of the Bronx, they'll probably kick you out of there too. It's Fony, baloney. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Daniel. Yes, sir. Go to the noted morning. This bull shot election. Right. Note that crook mayor, Lintpinga. Right. Note that this pie in the sky, we'll see. It's not his finger, right? It's a joke. And everyone's got to go down there and vote, because this thing is going to be fixed. I'm down there and it got these yellow cards where you can show up without an ID, say you're whoever you want to say you are. Signs wearing that to you are. Yeah. And they let you vote. Really? Yeah, King Gunnar's old sidekick, Maurice Stein, and whatever her name is, they're going to be down there when disguises, voting at thousand times. So we got to get out there and stop them. Yellow cards. Yes, you can now go down there without an ID. Yeah. Well, not any ID. Without any ID. And you tell them I'm John Doe. Yeah. And I think you have to give the last four numbers of your social. You still out this show card saying that you are who you say you are. Yeah. You sign it. So now you've made an oath. Oh, I didn't feel it. I'm going to be after 12 30. I'm going to be down there all I've did on. And in closing, Joe's going George, all of us are going on. Yes, sir. In closing, the Miami Harold, bunch of ass suckers today, they said they were going to be eight mythical lines. It's up there. They're not that numbers up every day. Yeah, they're all in somebody's head. They're all conceptual. They're all in somebody's mind. Well, I've got to conceptualize. They're all a thing that is somebody's imagination. I've got to conceptual align. I'd like to run right up. King to that. Right. Nice going, pal. Thanks, Neil. Thank you. Yeah, everybody wants to stick their foot in the mirror. Right. That's not conceptual, it's real. How do you like that? Got from home, I said, I want to go a little bit beyond that. Well, they're pissed off and fired up. And they damn well should be. You know, try to pull a wall over their eyes, try to pull a fast election on a day when nobody is here in the dog days and summer make all these excuses about it. Oh, we got to do it now. We're going to miss out on those, it's amazing that you got to Mary and Dave County who keeps changing his mind. They're like, some people change their underwear every couple of days. Just amazing. I mean, he's convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt, though. He's got to do anything to get himself elected to make sure that we don't get split the Mickey by that billionaire. And then all of a sudden, as soon as he gets in, when he else something, he, we just made a great deal. It's wonderful. And I was saying with this deal, well, he was against the sales tax. But then the powers that be, can say, this man just a pimped. Don't you understand that? He's being manipulated by the special interest, the real power brokers in his town. He's just a little pimped. And they're promising, oh, we're going to make you send it or a pinga. Vice President Tinga, President Pinga. Whatever we're going to make you. That's what all the promises are on to me, Tanya. He just says, okay. Yeah, that's what he said. Whatever you say, all the same as this, 180 degree turnaround. He turns around faster than Drew Michaels. I'll tell you that. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Anybody remember Drew Michael? No. He that work keeps popping up. No, over and over again. Remember Stan Ager? No. How about what's his name? Who's the guy that you're talking about? I'm going to get a motorcycle guy. James McCay? No. Here's Miami. Hello. Welcome at 7.40. Actually, welcome better on 7.00. Quint to the freezing of 7.40. But it no. Yeah. And they made me take my registration card and my driver's license out. So I don't know what that guy's talking about. Did you bring card? Yeah. I went to Miami Beach about five people there. And five people? Yeah. Well, it's, you know, it's early. Yeah, they get a plate over there. Absolutely. Anyway, yeah. I want to head out. The question is really interesting, too. It's like, well, I can't remember the exact words. Basically, it's from your own lines, like, do you want to abolish the told Yadiyada? They call these both a break, you know, the sentence and have, get all these great bullet points or what it's going to do. Oh, and at the bottom, oh, by the way, it's going to be a tax leave it again. You know, the soil that you buy. And anyway, I stuck out that tin that they have stuck it in the little hole and get deep and hard. Great. I gave it to them. Okay. So let them lie again and get sucked in and make a long term commitment for billions of dollars that are going to go in somebody else's pocket, all these construction, all these plums that their friends want. That's what it's all about. Oh, and somebody was under there. They were going to have 20,000 new jobs. Then the mayor was saying, oh, it's going to be six or seven thousand new jobs. Yeah, maybe like who the hell knows what it's going to be. And wouldn't be surprising to me if we had more cracked pillars again, just like we almost forgot about from 20 years ago. And we were building the leg there and we're right alongside Dixie Highway. You could drive by the red watching and see the cracks in the pillars. Oh, I think we had a little bit of a bad job there. And of course, we got to spend all of my need to redo that and reinforce those thing. I mean, well, this is so typical of what they do in this town, not to mention the $29 million they started with the airport project out there. And they said, well, we're not going to do it this way anyway. This isn't going to work. The $29 million of yours is already flushed down the toilet. It's too late to get it back down the expensive toilets. Well, those expensive toilet seats, the guy was talking about yesterday. Just saying, no, they're just handing over more of your money willingly and being a sucker. And that goes for black and white and Hispanic and Anglo and old and young and in between and I'm decided, get with it. Grow up here for once in your life. Yes, you want to think special for a month or so. Whatever he's got, just on the whip up a whole bunch of crap. Okay, we have in a big ratings party and a just vote party today. So this confidence is very high, especially after seeing that pool on channel 7 last night. See, that's a kind of pool I believe even though it's unscientific, but they were charging 50 cents a call. So any of the cheap bans you've got here, anybody's going to spend 50 cents is got to be highly motivated. So the fact 24 percent said, yes, and 76 percent said on that channel 7 to our pool last night on their news, that kind of impresses the hell out of me because you would think that the the yes people would be the one that would want to rig that thing and be calling over and over again to try to you know influence the public didn't work out that way did it. No, there's that word again. Just just just just just just just just just tell me which your problem. What's Gary are doing tonight and hiring minds what to know that's why. And hiring minds read the Miami Herald is more easy for a really having sex with an alien to go to space. It's on the house. He's following Hawkins the crew might be elephant man. It's in the house John Kennedy's sleeping with Matt. It's in the house. It's him Baker's off to get birth. Jerry Falwell baby. It's in the house. Sex. Sex. More. Sex. Oh, it's in the house. Oh, Gary Hart's amazing right. Styah from Florida. A crossword fuzzled and has no answer. Our own tool of society is just for us. I don't know that it's to Neil Roger. And we're still sorry Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day. Finally, happily rhetoric. It's Alan and ladies, each you have. The Miami Herald. Available at supermarket check out Congress everywhere and we're finding a new or is friend. We all respect to our Puerto Rican friends all 10 of them. Nobody have a lot of money. There were the fact is that here we got a guy who's Puerto Rican, which is okay. It's good enough for Ricky Martin and Jennifer Lopez, but nevertheless, mass creating something else. I don't want to say, COVID. I don't want to say that. Just keep that in mind, okay. When you listen to him talking with that fork tongue of his. So anyway, speaking of a little man, when he's winning the employee of the month, the MP for the month of June, she's obviously doing a spectacular job of the QM sales department. Because number one, we got one to be unnamed, very large fat sales person who allegedly is interviewing for a job at a radio on the floor. That's number one, digging fat guy. You know what I'm talking about? And then we just had a little paper slip down the door with a play by play before to a literal fist fight downstairs on the second floor between Lee Cutler and Gary Sarner who lives you. He wins sales department. Let's hear it. People and physical fistacuffs being hurled back and forth. They're hurling downstairs on the second floor. Our money's on Lee. No, my money's on Gary because he gets me stuff wholesale. Okay, let's go to the way up. What is it? He owes me money. Who does Gary? No, he doesn't know you money. The account owes you money. For that, if he owes me money, and he's responsible for getting it. No, he's not. If the station will owe you might till health freezes over. He's not going to be the way to go. But this comes right to check. That's the fact that's going to be tomorrow. George is going to have a fist fight with Gary Sarner. Overwhere is that money for that appearance I did many, many moons ago. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. No. Yes, man. Yes, I'm a voter in Miami. I voted this morning over in the fall area and there were two people there. And I guess the biggest thing that concerns me, I've lived in Miami 20 years. And it is just amazing. The first place that Alex and Alex was even voted into office and he was in Miami 10s to be a very high Republican. Yeah, but he's been fixed of our language though. Exactly. And I remember if everybody, I don't have a short memory. But I remember when he was voting against the New Arena. And then all of a sudden he gets elected and now he's all pro arena. So I mean, if I really believe that this is going to cut down on traffic, I would take five cents extra because I drive all day. But this is just crap. And the thing that scares me is the mentality of Miami. The fact of the matter is, top of the people, most of the people here are voting, they're voting because because they're Hispanic. And I don't think they realize the issue. How do you know that though? Well, just a few examples. I was in a hot verse for the other day. And this young is getting. I was seeing the adults now out the block. Well, okay. See, they're they're chopping your phone off. So we'd already hate to go. But just say, no. Okay, I would like to have heard what that story was. But nonetheless, they just the Garble to phone their Garble in it. Five six probably a coming a conspiracy. Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. They had some Julios and surf side this morning and they had voted. No. Like I said, the channel seven boomboat. She said, everyone, she spoke to when that first hour and surf side. They each and every one of them said they had voted. No, that's what they said. No. How do you like that? Here's the sunrise. Hello. Just the point, didn't the last half penny sales tax get all that gold plated furniture at Jackson Memorial? Uh-huh. That's right. Okay. That's all on it. You bet. And don't forget about the golden planning fixes for Johnny Jones. That was a few years ago, but nevertheless, more your money being flushed down the toilet literally. Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. You can't keep telling us about all the corruption and about all the illegalities and all the fixed elections in Miami and then turn around and expect the people to trust you. The same people, by the way, the merits of their homes in a Maurice Parage and all these other grave robbers and Mayor Pinga, who already did the one big lie right in front of your face and make that wicked deal with the devil with Mickey Harrison, the rapist of the day County. Here's the rail. Hello. Good morning, New. Yes, sir. I went this morning, night of clock in the morning, pulled my dad out of the house and we both voted. No, excellent. This afternoon, I'm going to give my girlfriend a ride with her mother and her dad and they're all going to vote. No, no. One point I wanted to make. I read them. I hear it pretty much every day and I read a bottle of how much pride and how much great this is and that how come now that this penny attack comes around? You don't vote for it. You know, this place, you know, we're going to. It's like the world. Yeah, yeah, the world will come to an end the sky will fall and the time will stop. Yeah, you know, but well, you know, in closing, may your panelists? Thank you. Okay. Oh, I sure wish we had that. Oh, God, you don't know. Do we have that? Is that one of the cards back here that? Oh, it's in there. Wait a minute. I'll find it. Yeah. Listen, there's someone. Next break, I'll find it. Oh, that's correct. Thank you, sir. I reminded me of that great, the renewing card. How about your renewing is voting? I know my friend, Frank Rich, as some of the track last night, he's going to go out and vote today. Everybody I talk to, who are the yes people besides the shields? Okay, besides the hacks. These people that they're promising and don't forget you people at FIU you students out there 20 years before you're going to see a penny of anything over there. You'll be long on if you're lucky from this area. And that's just from FIU. So don't be getting believe in the song and advance about how it's going to cut your tuition down. And it's going to do this in that 20 years before any of that's going to happen. Everybody in there brother is going to get a little piece. This one's going to get this. And you know something, I hate to break the news to all you bus writers out there. This sounds very selfish on my part. Oh, well, we could afford two core bets. Well, you know something, if you're going to use the buses, you're the ones who should pay for it. Not the other people who don't use you bastards. Just like just like people that drive, I have no problem with the gas tax because if you're used or even the tools, if you're using the road, you should be the ones paying for them. Not people who don't use them. Doesn't that make sense? Makes all of sense in the world of me. Yeah, but a concept. As though the rest of us all will like free bus service to somebody who's like 100 years old, who may have like a $80 billion in a bank. I don't want to mention anybody who lives in Halendale. Well, you should not ride the bus. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning sir. How are you? Pretty good. I've got a couple of things on the table here. You're ready to head. One thing last night, I don't remember what channel it was on the news. A bottle of six-plot news, whatever. They had an interview with Alfonso Schardy, who was the Harold Traffic Reporter, whatever. The whole field, you know, chill. And they asked him very pointed questions about the tax and then what's being played out right now in this county. Right. And he answered honestly without any editorialization or any full crap or anything. Well, what a concept. Yeah, it was. It was the only, probably the only unbiased news ever to come out of the Harold newsroom. Getting back to the Harold, they recommend, yes vote. What's given the right to recommend anything on vote? I mean, all those papers, most papers editor lies, I take an editorial position for against an intellectual. So, you know, whether it's candidates or an issue, they have a right to have an opinion, but they certainly have a right to lie. Exactly. And they ended up trying to terrifying, scared out of the public just like me, to get to the casino gambling. And that's the tip off. You know, if the Harold is for it, that it must mean for the... Honestly, for their own selfish self-interest, and because they don't give a crap about anybody else. They were also for the first metro rail, and now they and everybody else would tell you. It was a wasted $2 billion. Well, I was going against it back when the crap... You bet. All right, where was the sample ballot this time? Does that miss it in the paper? I didn't see it. I did. Do we know what this guy did thing read? Yeah, well, we get into the... How many people fax it to me again? I'll read it, but there's some people fax it again. But you're at a good point. Usually every election, it's very prominent in both those papers. Exactly. Okay, thanks, pal. Yes, sir. Yeah. And that's a good point. No. Right. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560, animal, animal, animal, animal. I'm sure somebody's got the sample ballot warning out there. Actually, I had it here the other day, but of course, why do I hang out on that? That's too depressing. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, here's a good morning, right? Yes, sir. I give a good idea who's voting, yes. My parents and a bunch of about 100 old files were heard into a school bus this morning. Oh, and they've been brainwashed, man. They're all voting, yes. That's all. That's so best not happening, I'll open the paper. We're going to be in trouble. They were heard in under buses? Yes, sir. They're going to some community activity, civic crafts, and whatever, you know, little Ivan a crap. And I just came to find out that, I'm a curiosity, I asked him and he said, yeah, we're going with all, you know, like all 100 blue hairs in there and voting, yes. So this cross or toes in our fingers and everything else. Maybe the muscle gets lost. Yeah, one more thing, I had to drift into one of the, not so better parts of town today. And I have it to drive in front of a polling place. They had about 15 little squarches with vote, yes, teachers on. Believe it or not. Is it right with green lettering my friend? And one more thing before I go. Yes, I've been able to eat with that. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. This guy's a little bit pissed off and fired up, right? Yeah. In fact, don't forget anything where you got a positive answer. They just say, don't say, no, don't say that. That's a bad word today. Just say, that's better. Now, that's better. Now, that's where we like a lot. Yeah, they're hurting. They're rounding them up. They're riding a little lackeys up that they made all these promises to. And free bus rides and free this and free that. And we'll bring a million dollars in cash. And then McMahon will come and have coffee with you. And all this other crap's going to go on. Yeah. Not much we can do about those bad dudes. We're talking to the living and breathing thinking people that know that aren't that Goable and see now anymore. That have been around a block a few times. Here's Miami Beach, hello. For these buttons, I'm telling you somebody, I think it's a conspiracy. It's a comedy plot. Miami Beach, hello. I'm knocking. Hello? Yes, sir. I was mad for getting for knocking down the toll booth early on. And I'm still an advocate for that. And a system is ridiculous. And obviously you're doing a great job. Yes, I am. But I want to caution the voters out. The potential voters to get out there and vote. You know, we talk about these people that are going to get on buses. Is it there? You know, they're really all show whatever. But they're going to go out to the voting booth and they're going to vote. And they're going to vote. Yes. Yeah, they're obviously there. They're feverously spending all their time rounding up all of their Lackies. And they're going to make them sure they get every one of those votes in there. So the people who sit on a rasson called channel 7 that's easy to do make a phone call Who are against it. But you also have to make the extra effort to go and out there and do it today. Exactly. The more morning we'll be saying, well, how did this happen? Right. Because our couch potatoes did nothing. Amen. Let me also point this out. The people in candle and sweet water. It's cost effective for them to vote. Yes. And those people are going to go out there because they may say it may be cost effective for them. And they may save money every year. Plus they won't have two toll booths when they're driving downtown to work. Yeah. The people in the rest of the county, please don't sit on your bus. Get out there. Those people, there are frames or our neighbors. But they're going to do what's best for their pocket books. And we've got to do what's best for all of our pocket books. Okay. Well, thanks. Thank you. As far as the people in candle, you've already got your metro rail. And you already probably most of you aren't using it anyway. In addition to which, you know, stop and figure it out. The tolls over the period of the extra toll over a period of a year or each year as opposed to how much more you're going to spend in sales tax. And in most cases, it's not even close. Just a couple of major purchases you've already exceeded. Let's go to cost even if you drive toll roads both ways every goddamn day of your life. Just take a pencil and one of those indelible pencils and finger it out. Three minutes before 11 at five, 60, WQM, you're a negative station for today only. We just say, oh, anything you want just today. And you're hot for making that so cake. I've heard your fans all like your songs and your songs. You're laughing with them we dance to don't change it's heart. No that way not be very smart. You're rich, you don't lose that wrong but you know it's the beats that we really sound. If you voice too ragged and you sound like hell, make you don't lose that wrong but you're happily in a human want. If you ever did, I just don't contract. Then you're pretty, you don't. 11, all three at five, 60, WQM. So Carl Heisen writes in this last Sunday's a hero to the Sunday morning. Transit plan hides money pit. This is one of the great columns ever written in the history of this town because most people have got bald the size of a BB if any at all. He says before you ride driver walk to the polls you like 29 or number of few things about the transportation plan that Miami, Dave Mayor, Alex Penales is so penniless is so exuberally promoting. First and foremost it's a metro rail tax. A penny will be added to every dollar you spend at the store and the bulk of that extra tax will go toward new elevated train tracks estimated cost as much as $100 million per mile. That's not a typo, $100 million per mile. The barn storming mayor doesn't dwell on the metro rail part of his plan due to the fact that Metro Rail is an ongoing flop. No politician wants to be seen as throwing good money after bad, especially the public's money. So Penales is widely focusing attention on the less whimsical aspect of his proposal, expanding bus services, yanking out toll boots on forest-based ways, freeing up more funds for needy causes. These are good things that will bring out eager voters. The issue of metro rail will bring them out too though mostly on the opposing side. It's not that people hate the idea of trains, what people hate is waste and inefficiency and insurmountable debt, the trade marks of metro rail and many mass transit projects. History teaches several unhappy lessons, wanted to cost billions more to build metro rail than they say, two it'll take years longer to complete than they say, three far fewer commuters will ever write it than they predict, and four, somebody will make a fortune off the construction. That's one reason Penales was able to quickly raise more than a million dollars in private funds to help sell us plan on TV. For some companies, metro rail won't just be another project, it'll be a lifetime stipend. The money will never dry up, that's the beauty of a sales tax, it's like a giant straw that just keeps on sucking. But the mayor says, come on people trust us, don't worry about incompetence, this management or corruption, not in my mid-day government. Right, these are the same bright bulbs who once paid two dollars per foot for ninety-seven miles of roadstripping that was never even done, nobody even bothered to drive out and check. The non-work was part of a juicy fifty-eight million dollar package awarded by the County Commission to church and tower a construction firm headed by the late political bully, Jorge Moscanosa. You don't suppose church and tower market a piece of the new metro action, if not, it's only because they're out muscle by the companies with craft your lobbyists. Correctly perceiving the trace of cynicism among scandal-worthy voters, Penales has proposed they citizens oversight board to keep an eye on each penny collected and paid up for the transit tax. It would be a grand thing if that actually worked, it would be even grand or if the new railings were finished on time and under budget and if commuters and droves abandoned their gascuzzles for the train and if metro rail actually moth up breaking even. Such a thing is never happened in the annals of modern US transportation, it won't happen here either. By the time the final chapter of the metro rail saga is written, Mayor Penales will be congressmen for Lowe's or Governor Penales or more likely Grand Pop Penales and few will recall his role in the penny tax, he might choose not to recall it himself. If the transit tax passes, hope for the best, hope for new buses and less traffic congestion, hope for new transit run on time and actually go where you need to go, hope that every new highway has got stripes down the middle, in other words, hope for a miracle, says Carl Heiss and in Sunday morning's hero. Of course that's very deep inside there on the local page, not on the editorial page where it should have been. If they had any balls and really cared about you folks who live here, which they don't. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Twenty-three minutes later. And they're still dealing with themselves, okay. Hope you have a good time. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami Lake, hello. That's a great article. Yes it is. I just got back from voting, no. No. I can't stand this canality, it's done nothing but just stand it. He's a liar. He's a little freaking liar as what he is. And that's, I'm so for him the first time I voted for him because I thought he was going to keep that arena out of there. But I mean the next day, he just turned around and just stabbed this in the back and I hope that today we can finally stab him in the back. Okay, pal. Good job. Take it easy. Thank you. Let's see. Here's an urgent fact. It says couldn't get through on the telephone. As somebody hasn't mentioned it, my wife and I both noticed when we voted, they voted. No. Of course. That the baller form was a little long and unless it was perfectly secured over the pegs, a no vote would wind up being a yes vote. We use different machines so it must apply it all the voting machines. Please pass the word along to those who have voted it. Make sure your thing is on your tight and the ballot too. So that you're going to stick it in there. The hole is in the right place. Can we say that on the year now? No. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Marlon game in 1230. You've said it about that. No. What is it actually? Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. It's fan calling for Pompano. Yes sir. I'm calling about this game. We got it on the year. Why we got it on the year? Yeah. Because we have no choice because they got a contract with this bosona. Because we're paying all this money for the rights to put it on so we can blow most of the audience away. It's crazy. Can you give it a pay or deal? Yes sir. Do you have a skill about the voting taking a crap? Yes I do. Can you play it for me please? I'll work on it. Thank you. We'll feed some lunch share from PizzaLoft the morning. That's you do the job. 5605. Real fast 2. 5605. 505. 60 on the 18T wireless line. The audience is just saying. No. And they're not too happy about it. Marlon Gini. They're pretty fired up and pissed off about that. And well should they be. Much as Swill. But you know this is a radio station where ball games are more important than whether you know we are our live or not. That's the problem with this whole deal here. We got fist fights down there. Maybe we can have Rick Weaver bring him back to a play by play on the fist by between Lee Cutler and Gary started down there and a sale to the problem. Let's hear it. Bring back all Howard Co. Shell. Maybe Charlie Alphairer can make him look a little better. Fix up that gigantic ball spot. Okay 1114 at 560WQ. I'm that's what they're trying to do today. Stop a big one right on our heads. But I don't think it's going to happen. All of it's a little disturbing here about those busloads and busloads. That they bring in. That's what they're doing. Busloads of old people and boatloads of illegal aliens. That's what they're bringing out of the polls to try to put this one over on you. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Great. Can you just look at another case that just shots as being shots? I don't understand why they would any of them would want a tax increase. It's going to affect them the most. They're they. Another 15% increase on all their everything they buy. Right. Why would any of them be for? I mean, because they've been promised by people like Willie Logan and Terry meet another Uncle Tom promised all these jobs, which you know they're not going to get. And promised the moon with the green cheese on it's not going to happen. So all you are, schwarz is out there just say, don't get kind again. Okay. How many times can you get lied to and you still go out there? Oh yeah. Whatever you say man. Start growing up, baby. That's what it's all about. Start growing up here and just say, No. Call the liars out there. Show me you're not as stupid as they think you are. And that goes for everybody in this town. Kooten the Julios. Oh yeah. And they are penis. You know he's Cuban. There for all the Cuban to go to the first of all the polishot. It was almost even Steve. I'm going to Cuban. It's the other Hispanics that were worried about. That was so upside in that pool. You have to wonder who the hell those people are and what they're. What they're putting in their breakfast stuff. 560 50 50 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Where we going? Here's my me. Hello. Me and me. Neil. Yes sir. First time call. Long time listener. You're the voice of reason in this town. I've loaded no myself. Let's say what? No. I think it's the lost cause. I was out. I've been reading the paper for two days. To prevent fraud. They're going to ask for a picture idea to prove who you really are. I went down there with my 83 year old ragged old yellow voter registration card. It could have been anyone's car. They never asked me for no ID. Really? And I think all the pens were pretty. Thank you voting in. They're just lacks in loose at a lot of places. They don't give a crap in his usual. It's another horse ball election here. Well, it's a binary public here. And this election is fixed. It's like all the rest of them. And we're going to end up with a mile of a track. So Metro Rail. We don't need it. When you go about three 15 to vote again. Let me know if they do it again. Okay. Neil and closing. Take it. Okay. It's the spokesman. He says don't shake it too hard. Though 560, pound 560 on the 18 T1. And even we'll hear from some people. They got offered some money for a vote. That wouldn't surprise me. It started 30 bucks a couple of days ago. They're probably so desperate. Now after seeing that channel 7 pull, they got to raise that to 100 bucks a pop. And like I said before, even if they promise you money for a year. So just take the money and say, okay, I'll go in there and do it. And then vote no anyway. It's the way to do it. Just make sure they're not looking over your shoulder. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh yeah. Neil. I think the key to the facts is very good for the wall. Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say man. Well, well, whatever you say. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18 T1. Where else line? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Morning Neil. Yes sir. I'm a human American. I was leading to vote. Yes. But after listening to you and reading and seeing the little square on the TV. No. My whole family is for was a voting no. All right. No. Great. And I want commissioner Swabo send us a letter. Yes. Say he changed his mind. A please page letter say to both no on. No. That it would not work. Great. Excellent. I'm going to. Thank you. There you go. You see their wake and upright here at the end. In fact, you could see the difference in a pool in June where they had the public a con big time because nobody was really speaking against this too much. And all of a sudden a month later here in July the last pool that was in the paper. Either drop in like a rock drop in like a rock. And when you come to the public and ask them to impose another more taxes on themselves, especially for dubious benefits that they ever get killed anyway. And especially for ever and ever, most of them with the track work in these people of God are going to say no way. Give me a break. Who are you kidding? You can't trust corrupt people with 250 or 60 million dollars more. You're going to pay for the $60 million more a year to play with as they want. Including the 100 and 3 million that they're handing out. Stollies other organizations, all these cultural snobs to do their bidding. What a bunch of crap that is who are by the way breaking the log just like Richard Friedman pointed on all those letters. Breaking the law by lobbying on behalf of a partisan ballot issue. Don't confuse them with the fact because that's not the way we conduct elections in campaigns in Dave County. Forget about the laws. We'll do whatever the hell we want to try to pull the noble under public. Here's my name's Frank. Hello. Yes sir. Great. And I thought a little weird going on and voting no. No. I did. But I had to go inside a retirement home to go on. Yeah. Exactly. All these old lady screaming. Yes. Yes. Really? I told them fuck my thing. Oh, okay. Thank you. Well, they said, yeah, dammit. He was going to say Schwanz. Yeah. No, he was not going to say that. He didn't want Tommy. He's here on a Schwanz from Tommy once. 567.0. 560. 560. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. How's it going? Jeff here. Yes. I wanted to let you know. I'm going to try to see this whole bunch of crap over there on campus and the newspapers. Right. And the media and trying to tell us how great it will be for the school and the university. I don't think most students are buying it. Most of them went down this morning to vote now. No. Excellent. So I don't know what they're trying to get out of it. But it's a pull. They got promised the whole bunch of money from the government. We have 20 years from now. I hope most of you are going to still be students that FIU in 20 years. You're really going to have some serious problems. Yep. I don't take care. Nice going pal. Thank you. There you go. FIU says. I do like that. We got Julio today who say. No. We got old people who say. No. Young people. No. 567.0. 560. Hebrew. 575 560. 56550. 56550. 350. 늘 up, early in August. thing gambling in casino. We know how evil that is. Right? All you ask holes that they arrowed right evil. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. Here's another tube that's going to say no. I'm going to pull right now. All right. And that's all of those out there that I think I'm not going to vote on quite a model because these politicians they're hoping for a long turn out so they can speak to us on us. Right. Another fifth we get a 30% turnout today. This thing is history. But you know, hey man, that's a fallacy that Cuban folks we get are going to vote yes because this guy's Cuban because ah, you know, there's a lot of us with two airplanes in here. We're going to be sick. You know, we know what they're going to be doing with our money, which is the same thing they've always done. Nothing. That's right. All right. Well, nice going pal. Thanks. Thank you. See, there's a Cuban who said how do you like that? A big fat resound in the house. Oh, that's what he says. Five five six seven oh five sixty George is making gutter will sound to the other room. All right. Five six seven oh five sixty in top five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Neil, got. Yes sir. I used to live in Washington DC and we have a nice social government there run by him dying in moron very. Mm-hmm. And he pulled something like this at one point. He decided to increase the revenues by creating the biggest gas tax in the area. Yeah. What happened was everybody who had worked in the air. They got to have a lot of spare cash for that white powder. But anyway, everybody who worked in DC wound up running just over the DC line. And DC's a little posted stamp about 10 miles squared. Right. They'd run right over the line in the Maryland and in the Virginia to buy their gasoline. Here it is. It cost less. And what wound up happening was even though they increased their tax, they want to have lowering their revenue and just about bankrupting all of their all of their gasoline merchants in DC. And one thing about this tax is I think what they're going to do is they're going to screw all the retail merchants in Dave County because anybody who has the ability to drive into the Brown. And the Browner is going to wind up doing the shopping there saving a point in the half hour. Yeah. And wouldn't it make sense to you? I see the other day that Mayor Pinger, he's in a winding and dining the North Miami Chamber of Commerce, wasn't he seems to you that anybody with any Chamber of Commerce types in Dave County will tell us how to get lost. I mean, the Chamber of Commerce is supposed to represent any business. This is the worst thing for business. They could possibly be doing. Well, I don't know about that. I've got an interest in a business and brow artist for it. I've been serving everybody vote. Yeah. Okay. Good luck. Well, okay. Like I said, we live in Broward, which a win win. No matter how you look at it, it pays to live in Broward. You know what I'm saying? Well, five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. I knew. Yes sir. You know, they have shelved a study that instead of expanding the rail system, it would have been better to expand that downtown rail line now. Yeah. They could have ran it in three tier selection, right up. I 95 ran it out in the bowels and then every neighborhood out there. We're going to even out the two or down south. And they refuse to listen to it. They could have used like what they call a solar reflected on top of the trains to save money and electricity and everything. Right. And some way of the town is through that suggestion out and they get some money guys on a user train. So I hope you're voting. Yeah. Hey, man. I voted no, but I put a special notation on the ballot meal. Yeah. I said to run the rail between the or others. Yeah. No, no, no. Okay. They are. I've got my head off here. You had some kind of a more runna. 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line. How come I had that feeling? You know what I'm saying? I think it was going to go. Who's it at the last second? Here's a lady in the game. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. Neil. I just wanted to let you know. This is another Cuban and I took my mother early. We went and voted. No. Right. Excellent. So and the family is also going to vote no. No. Okay. You did. Nice. Go to the blue. Thank you. Thank you. I was to kill your meat. It's nice going. Cubans voting. How do you like that? That doesn't sound too good. They are picking it up. It's not too promising. That you're going to pull the wall over these people's eyes just because you're running around going. Trying to give everybody the business. Just keep in mind. This is the same guy who came on television about three Mondays ago and said great. I'm glad that all these increased tolls on those roads. Got everybody also I caught it and we handle this traffic jam. Everybody got swed it up and worked into a frenzy. I'm glad because now maybe they'll be frustrated enough to vote yes on his damn fraudulent tax. That's this is what he says. They come right out and tell you they slap you in the face just like that Puerto Rican X mayor of Miami Morris for Ray saying oh yeah well they're not too real. Okay. The piece of crap because it only goes 20 miles. It doesn't go anywhere. Those are his exact words. It doesn't go anywhere and he was the mayor of Miami back in 80 when they put this piece of crap over on a public $2 billion waste flushed right down the toilet. And he sits there and looks you in the face when that stupid look on his gross post and has the gall to slap you right upside the face on the one side the other and tell you it's a piece of crap because it doesn't go anywhere. Thanks a lot Maurice. And we're found that drug money by the way. It is so huge. This week on 48 hours what is caused seemingly normal people to erratically alter their behavior. We'll take a closer look at a new language emerging in America. Welcome to the numbers not as you are. Hey, who's me? We have a nice pungol and it's full or you could go to the title copy. I'm going to check baby can I buy a shed now? I'll get a buy a shed later. Hello. This is windproof. May I take your hat? Oh, my God. Jiggin. A America under the control of Austin Powers. A front on 48 hours. So I can mug. Groony baby. So I'd like this is a real celebration ratings party and a vote the party today. So Jeff Cohen brings in a real silverware and we all are China and a whole deal. I'm going to our Jeff. And Jeff Cohen, by the way, says be sure and vote. No. Doesn't he? That's what he says. In fact, he's going to take a whole bunch of illegal aliens down here to the account of they just to make sure they vote three or four times to counteract the other side. Here's the Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Um, you know that even though no one were to ride the metro rail, it was still have to run it. Yeah. Because the federal government stipulated when they gave them the matching funds years ago back in 80s. Right. That even though it run to the deficit, they shut it down. They have to pay the federal government back all that money that they go. Okay. In fact, you can, uh, I remember the early days when I was to work done there. I love the moron on old W. Snooze. Right. And you could drive by there on Dixie Highway and see the empty trains going back and forth. I mean, absolutely empty, not just lights, but nobody on it all. They're going back and forth. It was, uh, eerie. Yeah. So no matter what happens, they got to run those trains. And Neil, he's another Hispanic Cuban American who voted. No. All right. Nice going, Kyle. He voted. No. He's part of generation. No. That's what that end is that's the generation N.A. stands for. No. Is that what Bill Drek said? No. Oh, yeah. Of course, he's in the establishment type. He's probably out there trying to hustle up a few years before it's because he wants to suck up to the money people. You know, Bill Drek. He's probably even seen it out loud. Here's a, uh, mobile in the Grove. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Yeah, I went to go a vote today in the Grove and in the fire station. There's a lot of construction grounds. So all the meters are covered up. Right. And I parked right in the front of the guy told me to just park there. So the cops were switching, you know, from one duty, I guess, to a, I got a ticket and I go, what's what we, what's this for? And he goes, we got a lot of park here. I go on voting. He goes, oh, okay. Because I'll just take it to court. And I'll tell him that, uh, because I can't tear up the ticket. So you know, I go here. So I'm voting. Twenty two hours. I'm part-trend of front. He was what you took too long. I go, well, they couldn't find my name in the register. Yeah. So yeah, I got all pissed off. I mean, you know what? He doesn't matter. And then also when I was reading the ballot, it says, makes it sound like it's all told. It says all expressway. All told has been removed. Yeah. But most people don't, you know, when they read that, they don't know that it's not the turnpike one. It's not the Rick and Battered Cosway one. It's not the turnpike one. It's not the a saw grass one. It's only those four and those toes are going to come back in a couple of years anyway. Yeah. And then it says, like, all the other ones that they're going to build. Yeah. 16 million miles or something ridiculous amount of large numbers of, uh, watches and all that. It's just, it's just, it's just, the way it's written. It's, you can confuse some people. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, all I got to do is keep one easy thing in mind. No. Yep. That's all I didn't know. Okay. Next go answer. Thanks. And go to that again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18T line. We're only 55 minutes away from the Marlon Game Boy. That's a real stinker in it. That is stinker. Uh, worst thing could ever happen in this town is they stick a Marlon Game on a Thursday right here out of nowhere in the middle of the daytime. One of the most disgusting, communist, inspired events in the history. What is all of this? Jesus Christ. Bring me a platter of food. It weighs 42 pounds. Yes. Chicken front. Chicken front. Yes. Yes. That's it. It's such a great one. With the much of my life. Meat balls and meatballs on the insause. Cheese the whole day. Life's going to our Jeff. Pizza loft is doing it for us. We're having a big party to celebrate those great ratings that came out of. I respectfully yes to the world dancing around. Maybe that's why Gary Sarner had a big fist fight with Lee Cutler down stairs. That's what Jeff called me. Anyway, where we go, I've got, I would have given out a paid admission to see that. I bet you're most of the people in this building would have paid admission to see that. Uh-huh. Yeah, you bet. Back, let's go down and check out the blood stains. Do some DNA testing. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm Colin. They basically just say that I voted no. No. Great. I'm another Cuban numeric. And actually, I prefer to call myself an American of Cuban descent. Right. The other thing I wanted to tell you about was, uh, I know it's a little bit late, but those Cuban road blockers that they wanted to make themselves, uh, themselves useful. Yeah. They should block the toe boots and maybe they should block the, uh, boating boots for all these old parts that are going to go. Yeah. That's not a right. Um, and one last thing I wanted to say, uh, that you might want to record the use as one of your drops. Um, it's an old army thing. You shake it more than once you're playing with it. Okay. All right, Neil. I'm too. Okay. There you go. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. He said, shake it, but not too loose. He's what he said. Too loose, let's relax. In fact, that was a problem with the early of the first metroid. Like they built on it on Dixie, too loose, let's relax. Well, I great launch from Pete's a loft today, by the way. Man, have you do the good stuff? Here's a crawl spray and sell all. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. One of the things we have to be careful of, although we're in Broward, we can't be apathetic. We need to encourage our day counterparts to vote because I've looked in other areas of the countries that like with tax hits the New York City area. All the sudden that that same tax rate became the tax rate in that sort of stuff. Right now, like a cancer, yeah. So these politicians work in concept with each other. So although my amy's going to go, we could go with this tax passage, God's hopefully we won't. De7 and a half percent, all of a sudden we in Broward are not going to be enjoying the luxury of 6%. It's going to pop up there, too. Over time. It could be. So we've got to be very careful and we can't be apathetic. Whether we have businesses or we work with associates, we need to make sure that they vote no because we can't right now. Okay, good point. Bye. Bye. 560, 560, 560, 560, even though there's a bunch of little in Broward said. No, no, no. Even though the good for some businesses, we don't want to be too selfish, do we? Uh-huh. Well, speak for yourself. I'm not in retail. 560, 560, and 560, and 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. 22,000, a QIM, don't forget after the ball game, the Hank Goldberg show. Hank will be pounded away on the AT&T. No. You're a T at that. Won't he? No. Yes, he will. And then Mad Dog Man, it'll be saying, no. That takes a clock. Of course, that capitol and he's one dimensional. And beat that cater meat. He was America's golden boy. The one who couldn't beat. But never well. And really didn't want to. All of ourselves bring to the screen the tragedies. That's half dimension. Jay of KJUDIER, starring Will Smith. J&J, J&J votes J and root JJ for our health. Also 30 PCs. Packing was an excellent way to make a hast discover- You like it and I'm so impressed in the and the content. All right. So what I'm going to f**k it. We're all paid to you. We'll Smith does as JFJ Junior. You watch it. All you're into a theater near you. You. The one with a light. You know, so you can see that. You sure. We're going to see that. No. 17 to Luna 560 WQA. I'm that's the big work for today. Oh, no. No. Here's a call in Kendall. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. We just came back from Thody. Meal. We live in Kendall. Right. And there was about eight people in their voting. Uh-huh. And as a guy out of the car, I said, no. People turned around. I'm looking at me. But I didn't hear. Okay. One mother saying. What does that mean? Well, I mean, I've just told everybody. I don't know. But I mean, what does it mean that they turned around and looked at you? Well, right. That was screaming at you. Oh, shut up. You know. Seriously. You know, I didn't hear anybody talking about the busway. What about that busway? Which costs so much money. And nobody rides it. Right. So that's a big, there you go. There's a money spent right. And now the reason the tax heard that on the, um, I mean, a penny and a half. Okay. But now, there's an incandle. You take the term, Pike. Okay. You get on a Ken drive. Go to bird roads. It takes you an hour from anywhere from seven o'clock in the morning to nine o'clock in the morning. Yeah. And then you go if you want to go to caller or to the, to the stadium. That's a little cost you 175, three 75. Okay. So we're already see becoming from that say that, oh, well, we'll save the toast. Because we're only taking down for toe goes and they're not here on the drum like. Right. And then never, well, like first of all, they don't have the authority to do anything with the turn. So, I could just, it's the state highway. The Metro Commission can't do anything about the turn flight. So what are they talking about? And how come they're lying about the reconbacker causeway? That's a day County highway. What do they lie about that one for them? Told us not coming down. Exactly right. You know, so better get out the encode and go, and go, no. No. And you've done a great job, Naomi. Thank you for it. And thank you sweetheart. Okay. That's good work. Okay. There you go. Some more. No. For you. 560, pon 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. I wanted to talk about the Miami Harrel. They have the goal to say that we should vote yes. When the Miami Harrel does, when you buy newspaper, when you buy it at the 7th of a Laminor or a Walgreens or a retail place, you don't pay any sales tax. Right. And you buy it in a corner or you buy it. This is a description. You don't pay any sales tax. So they have some goal to say, let's raise the sales tax. It's not going to affect them. Number one. Number two, years ago when they passed the state pass the law that they sell tax on services. They thought that it should not include advertising. I remember that they went to court and that at the home reading the wrong. Right. I sure do. Foto have it reversed. So when when you touch them, they have sales tax is no good. We touch it everybody else. That's right. Well, they have paid it's bad when we have to pay it's good. Very well said. I just want to mention that. Just saying to the Harold. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Everybody in this town hates for the hero. They're right. Even if people are worked there hate him like boys and I don't know. One person in this town who likes the hero. You're not one. I get it. Only because I got a read it because I'm doing this so horseball radio show. Other than that, I would tell him to get lost in a heartbeat. Everybody. I mean, if you're that stupid and you live here more than five minutes and you believe anything that those Grey robbers have to say to you those virulent anti-semites, those virulent pandeers, if you believe anything they have to say, then you need serious psychiatric assistance. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hi. Yes, sir. Good morning, you know. Birds like the heralds, that the bottom of their cage. Hmm. They're at all their special way. Like I knew this were most of the birds I know hate the hero too. They don't want to anywhere near their cage. Well, mine, mine, mine, mine. Most of them did what you'd do. Sire Rio when the hero line is. Two of them bird. They don't read English. Oh, there you go. Anyway, there are really lead hell heroes. There are two coastways, broad coastway and Venetian coastway. I forgot about that one. I've been struck and right. I brought you my be report. If you vote, no, you vote in favor of the Castro. Now, you will say, how is that? Because our dear mayor is pure on American and any defeat to a pure American politician and they capture is a vote in the account. Is a vote in favor of the Castro. Okay. That goes to show you the kind of stupid people and irresponsible people we're dealing with. And the Spanish language media in this town, they should be in jail for that. Well, you know something this to me is a referendum not only in the penny. But it's a referendum in our local politicians. That bless you, Neil. And thanks so much. And by the way, I hear Castro's in favor of it. I don't want to start playing the same game they're playing over there on a radio Mom B. But let's fight fire with fire. Okay. I hear a rumor that Fidel is voting yesterday. Everybody's going to go shopping in Cuba. Fidel, that's right. Fidel wants everybody in their brother to vote yesterday. So if you like Fidel, you vote yes. If you hate him like poison, be sure and vote several times. The got someish baho. Okay. Even if you don't know what that means. No. Here's the lady mobile info. Hello. Hey, power here today. Right. I'm calling about you made a good point about the business is not relocating down here. Right. If I'm at mistake and didn't write written, pull out of Miami and do there. They're in California in Silicon Valley. Yeah. So they, you know, what's different to make to them if this task is taken. So they're in like the guy says they don't pay taxes on it anyway. Yeah. If it's so great here in F.A. If I have under their leadership to last up 100 years, things have developed so brilliantly here with their original material and their hand-take politicians. How come it's so bad here that they had to pick up move to California? Yep. All their executives are living the high life in a nice place and they don't want to live down here either. Excellent point. They got to know if they've given us lectures about businesses going relocating here in the meantime. They've been just abandoned this town. I moved to California. Excellent point. Thank you. Thank you. Have a great day. Talk about about your hypocrites. Like the one guy says sales tax is good. If you people have to pay it. If they're here on that to pay it on advertising revenue, then it's bad. How do you like that? And it's okay for them to be locate into a abandoned this town and move out there to headquarters for an I-Ridder to California. But, you know, these other people that are doing this stuff because we don't have more transportation. I've read all those articles about why businesses and business people don't want to relocate here from other parts of town. It's a sewer, baby. It's a toilet. It's got nothing to do with, you know, most of those people have cars. I hate to break the news to the people of their, most of those people, most of those guys in suits that work for those companies, they all ride the bus. I know that comes with a great shot to you people over there at the Harold. Most of those guys with their $500 suits on with their $2000 Goddam Italian tailor made suits. Don't ride the freaking bus. So you could put a Goddam bus on every street court, including one inside Tom Peeler's record. And still I could have written those people down here. Because guess what? Where are they going to go when they get on the bus? And very appropriately, by the way, the Pope this morning, I saw him see an end says that hell is not a place. It's a state of being. It's not an actual place. We've proved the Pope doesn't remember my name. Oh, because I know he's been here. Just ask Greg Vudel. Here's a pometto be. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Remember that guy to call just about the Miami-Herald? If they delivered it on Monday and Wednesday when he wasn't supposed to go. All right. That's right. A complimentary copy so you can meet our propaganda right. Same thing happened to me. How do you like that? That's fact not what I'm going to do. My wife and I and our 21 month old daughter are getting ready to get in the van and we're going to vote. No. That's right. Great. Have a great day. Make sure your daughter will host two or three times. You will. Okay. Well, she's got an excuse. She's too young. She doesn't know the difference. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Congratulations to Luan Wittig by the way. RWild MVP for the month of June. Even on the rest of us had these great ratings. Just keep in mind. I can't stand that. She's the one that's got this great sales department put together. The one that has fist fights down on the second floor this morning. Lee Cutler and Gary Soner. And some big fat tubular runner round over the radio on law. Looking for it. Other jobs. So you must read the handwriting on a wall. Or maybe somebody write it to him. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I have Puerto Rican and I hate the arrows. And I have people that are going to vote the yes. It's aale. Are you voting in the isher? I could have voted no. No. Yes. Why do you make the fact that rich wealthy private prime vernacular? What is it? Why do you make the fact that rich wealthy private prime vernacular that the racer? It's not a happy snack. Part of his uniform. Okay. Okay. Good. 560. I thought that. I thought. What's the name of the list already. Ted. No. I was taking a action. 560. 560. 560. On the 18. Where is the famous. What he graper. Two ponytails. Jeff Cohen is sitting here with one in the room. And now we go on the phone. I got it long distance to him. You're in the cellar, Jeff. Yeah. Oh, good. In fact, I'm starting to get a little rumbled down under already. Oh, man. Woo! Yeah. Well, you have each time. You need a good cleansing. That's right. It will do it for you. I'm just getting ready to go to the polls down here. Yes. One hand. And voter resounding. No. No. Great. You know, this is ridiculous. What they're trying to do. And we can't put up with it. Yeah. Now, what about what about the South Beach crowd or anything. Then, um, so bored after going home today. Probably not. Oh, probably just as well. Yeah. Yeah. They probably wouldn't know what they were voting for. They always say, yes. Yeah. The polls close up at 7 to 9. That's right. They always say yes to anything. Yeah. Close at 7. They'll even be a weight button. Okay. Nice job, buddy. All right. You take care. Okay. You two clean up your act. Okay. What he graper there. That's why he's going to get out. He's going to get out of that and that's it. I don't know. Not like he's going to get out of that. You know, he's going to get out of the way. And he's going to get out of that. He's going to get out of that. Oh, I don't know. He's going to get out of that. It's just a little bit of an old five 60. Pound five 60 on the 18 he wants. Can you believe we're just getting going now? We just got lunch in here. We're just getting into this one of those things. And we got to get out of here for 36 minutes. For some stupid guy then baseball games. Anybody care about that? No. No. The Marlin game talk. schedule. Somebody asked Hank yesterday, calls in, well, how did you do is compare the marlins? I mean, are you people crazy? Are you kidding me? Thanks God, more people listening in five minutes before even wakes up at the beginning of the show there every day than the marlins have got all year. How do you people talking about the frickin marlins? The, the, the disgrace. Even Joe and the day would say that. I'm sure and probably the books. They're also with the, the, the, the, the, the because guts are just thinking about the audience that they got. You could have a phone booth. There are college students that have packed more people in a phone booth than we got listening to the marlin game. And we're still kicking ass. Here's Fort Waterdale. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Yeah. Great. All right. Listen, I got into this to you by a friend and I'm glad I always listen to you. I'm unable to vote because I'm not a citizen yet, but my brothers and sisters, they are voting no. No, excellent. I think I got 40 or 50. Pardon? I show how many you got a couple? No, that's just, uh, three. Well, well, what are you going to do? Is he? Everybody know and I already do my part call on my friends to vote. No, no, no, no, no. Not school and a me go. All right. And have a great day. Okay. Hey, listen, I got news for I got a surprise for the mayor. All the people are going to come in on a banana boat today. We're going to give my green card and a registration card. Take a right down there or immediately to vote. Oh, I feel like that. Mr. I never met in the legal alien. I didn't like. How do you like their maples? Oh, it's our people with how about all the people at the the white ones. The dark ones, the brown ones in between ones. You phony pandering piece of turd. Even manages pissed off about him. You turd exactly. Alan box was a normal man with a wife children, a summer home in Otholaca and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Unbelievable. Turmino. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. How do you cancel the Miami Heraldia? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Heraldia. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just they know the L-Heralds are. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femoral time. You know the infant. So say, oh, me. How can you say those nasty things? Running around feeling sweet and low. Right, that's your anything. How about those bad going to blend into you know what doesn't hurt to what? In incredible Neal Rogers disease of growing South Florida epidemic. Please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what I got a night? A night? What's we following? Got three point jumping? Send your tax deductive of contributions today in care of hot 105. Herman. Un believable. On the late. That's what I said. 12.01 at five 60 W to kill him. Here comes a Chris block head our favorite friend. There he is. He's ready for some more nice freelance. I've said you want to. That's where we went over even a people that he just like poisoned is building at least during lunch time is the free lunch. Five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line is we're getting for curiously closer to that Marlon game. Please please vote early. Vote off and you got to the seven o'clock tonight. Just say no to these alias. Please. Once in your life give them a big resounding defeat and let them know you're not quite as stupid as they think you are. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. I know. Yes, man. Great job. We voted everybody I talked to is voting. No. Great. We've been handing out. I can really hear you. I said we've been handing out circulars for the last two three nights. And we only met three people. And one of them was a metro bus driver that's going to vote yet. And yesterday in the mail we received this real slick brochure all in color from the people that want to pass this tax. And all along they've been saying they were going to have 20,000 jobs in 20 years. Yeah. Now it's seven thousand. I don't know. 100,000 jobs or 100,000. 100,000 jobs. Now how did this happen overnight? It's called desperation. Right. The board desperately are the more you have to lie. Right. And I really hope that the people get out there and vote when I vote it. I asked if there had been a lot of people voting and they said yes. Really? So, if we can get a big turn out that's all we need to know. Believe me what I tell you. That's the only thing you won't even have to count them at that point. If we can get more than 25, if we can get 30% of them or this thing is going down in flames. Right. And they know that. And we thank you for all of your help. You bet. Have a great day. Thank you. How do you like that? We want more spy reports, baby. We could be doing this right up till 2. He could be doing it all afternoon and we would. Except for some stupid ass ballgame. I bet you the mayor is a big Marlin fan today. Oh yeah. I bet you he and his cronies down there, including that old Puerto Vique an X-ray or Miami, Marissa for Ray. I bet you there's sucking wind with a goddamn Marlin game today. They're so excited about it. Here's Miami. Hello. Amy, how are you doing? Pretty good sir. You're doing a great job, man. Let me tell you this. I think you're the mayor. She'll hold up a sign between the borderline of Georgia and Florida holding up a sign that says a band in our hope, Yeehaw enter. Yeah. And you know what? There's another thing. I don't know why the mayor is doing this crap. You know what they should do? I think we should go into Joe Robby to stadium. Or whatever, keep you park whatever the hell they call it now. Yeah. And how many stadiums? Yeah. And have a voting there. Have a voting there. Okay. And you know you're doing a great job. I think what we ought to do is build a boxing ring at the Pope any stadium. Exactly. Gary Sarner or Lee Conler whoever won the bot down in our sales department. Take on the mayor. Go a 15 rounds. That's right. And the hell with everybody in the Harold, baby. Amen. That's right. God bless you too. All right. Just say no to the Harold. No, what they said in that bit. I just played. Huh? That's why I played it. By the way, I got a I can't wait till tomorrow. I know this has got nothing to do with what we're talking about today. But this I've mentioned this before my my new doctor. Well, I mean, I've got several doctors. I'm not doctor. Mark, you can have separate. Yeah. I was not the one with having like 20 or 30 doctors comes in handy. So my home, oh, assisting levels. If you're a little bit upset that you're a little bit too, a home, oh, assisting. Even an old home, like me, my home, assisting in three months went from 15 down to 10, which is they like it to be underrate, but nevertheless, that's a dramatic drop. It's great. Full look acid. That anti home assistant formula. Where did I get all this information? And my cholesterol went down after getting rid of those statin drugs that protocol. Thanks to Kilmerhulley's book, the best book if I could recommend to anybody who's got a weight problem, a diabetes problem, a cholesterol or worried about cholesterol. The greatest damn book in the history of the human race, the heart revolution by Kilmerhulley MD. It's on Harper Collins. It's a hardcover book, but believe me, how much was this? 24 bucks. The best 24 dollars you'll invest in your life. In fact, I think this book is going to save my life. I'm not exaggerating by that. That's how important this is. Straight in you. I'll give you some real information as opposed to what they medical establishment in your government. Give you all the history about cholesterol. Like he says, the only cholesterol contains extra oxygen atoms is harmful to arteries. The kind of you're finally in spray dry dry eggs. I can cook these in cakes and stuff like that. Let me just read one sentence from this brilliant book. He says goes on about the low cholesterol diet is filled with highly processed low fat crackers and low fat desserts that actually contain more damaging oxy cholesterol, which is the only bad kind. And fewer nutrients than can die containing fat. He says essentially this is a prime example of why the low fat low cholesterol diet doesn't work in reducing heart disease. In fact, it increases your chances of getting the disease. Please buy this book. The heart revolution by Kilmer McCulley and D. It is great. Home on my, even my home level is going down. How do you like that? Here's a lady in Hialia. Hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Neil, this is the black waste of my image. I spoke to you the other day about no, no, no. Yes. I have a good example for you. Why my Amy remains the capital of fraudulent voting. Yes. I went to the polls in Hialia this morning. They said in the Miami Harrow and have a quote that now or from now on when you go to the polls to take your driver's license along with your voter's registration. When I got there, I gave my husband and I both handed them both pieces of ID. They didn't even look at the driver's license. We were the only two India showing a showing a piece of ID. Everybody just walk up and just give them the voter's registration card. I see why they always end up with a situation like you have dead people voting and not existing people voting. And that's the way they're like it. In the Miami Harrow has this kind of right here. Lord now require voters to show a photo ID and not happening, Neil. And don't be surprised. If you see the yes, wind tomorrow because of this, anybody can walk in deal with a voter's registration card and just vote and walk out. Welcome to our foreign countries sweetheart. Okay. Good luck. Thanks. Thanks for the bad news. Even as passed known at 5.60 WCM did we find out by the way what time we got to be out? I'm I don't want to get I don't really care. I'm so upset about this whole Marlon business. It's almost worse than that. We're going to make it up. What do you mean? You know, we'll go out when we're getting ready. You know 1235 when it's fine. Okay. Yeah, we're staying on on the road. How do you like that? Just out of protest to this future in Marlon crap. I think it's about time this station that it's parries together again. Okay. And I got news for the reason we had these great ratings in this last book that came out yesterday was it because of the Marlon? No. No. It was in spite of the Marlon's. The reason people can actually get paid on this station. Sure ain't because of the Marlon. It's in spite of the Marlon. And those millions of dollars that the grid read is peeing away in a John Henry's pocket. So we can have it's 165-foot yacht up there in June of Alaska. Well, camera presents no old pack orchestra with a special appearance. What was that? What was that? The state. Oh, the auto log doesn't separate them when it's a goofy game. But I was trying to say, oh, oh. Sorry. And now we're all screwed up. I can't believe we just lost control of the show. We just lost control of the show. I'm playing the wrong bit because I wanted to play. No, no, no, no, no, no. And now a public service announced it's the representative of the IACC, the International Association of Coal and Cowboys. We asked citizens across America to donate whatever you can to start an alternative club to the Boyd Scouts of America. But pirates of the Caribbean will give young men an opportunity to experience the fun and camaraderie of exciting outdoor activities such as sailing, camping, and my favorite, we need to go to the team. Give them a chance. Give what you can. Thank you. You're welcome. From an as fast as in the 560 WC, we got that ball game coming up in just a few minutes now. And get on the edge of your seat and start yelling, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, yeah, it'll be good practice both for the Marlins and the election. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you? Great. I am from South Beach, area, and then the precincts, I go to the know this morning, the city of the old traffic was pretty good. Really? Yeah, the city was pretty good. I was surprised where a few people there and then I thought well, it's kind of late hour already, and I kind of thought people would be at work. But you know why I'm going to tell you something, Merrick, they had them on TV on old file film going back to 19, I think was suddenly nine to morning. Right. I wish they had, I really wish they'd run this thing a couple of times earlier in the week instead of at 11 o'clock this morning. And they showed him predicting 200 and 2000 writers from the start and going up with from there. Right. And reality, they showed the numbers today are 47,000. Yeah. And this is, this is after almost 20 years. Yeah. And this hypocrite comes on and says, oh, there's no doubt about it. The system is a disaster. He says it's horrendous, but I still want the people to vote for another penny tax today, so we can correct it. He's crazy. Oh my god. I have to ask you something else. Isn't it? I live on the beach. I'm always on the guard to cause me. That little time train that goes over to the mining here, building the drop-off there and blow you, you know, I'm talking. There's nobody around, darn thing. I'd like to know how much they've taken from this. I mean, they're showing the loss of today on TV. It is just staggering. It's staggering. And the next pairs are already paying. That's this is what they got to remember. They are already paying through the nose. They're tax money to subsidize this disaster, this self-described disaster that merits their time and memories for rain. All these other slugs will be around here for 20 years. That they pedal to us 20 years ago. And now they want us to give more money so they can do it again. It's absolutely amazing. You have to be out of your mind of oh yes for this thing. You have to be a man's case. Well, I think what they're hoping is that the literate people who they can hold their foot in the pass will come back out again today and get fooled again. You know what really is 15 percent increase. And I really, I want to thank you for pointing out that I think yesterday or day before that Penelope was blasting, Raymond for being the rich man where you're right. He holds so candle next to Nicky Arrason. And the Arrason make no more. Raymond looks like a welfare recipient. That's a comparison. That's the truth. And I'll tell you the same passes. I do enjoy going up to our solar area and I'll make all my purchases and all my entertainment on the weekends in that area and give you folks in Broward, my money. All right. Okay. Thank you. And you're cashed to Broward. Thanks, pal. That's going to be our new slogan. All of us who wouldn't Broward bring your cash to Broward at this thing passes. Yeah. Norman Brayman, there's a bad guy, huh? This because he's got some money. Oh, and he sells cars too. You know, I read one of the stupid letters to the editor this morning. I had a whole bunch of money. It's issue in the hero, you know, Pro and Con. And one of the letters attacking Norman Brayman. Well, of course he doesn't want any more material because he sells cars. And you know, you think that Norman Brayman is going to sell one less car if they build 6,000 miles of material. Oh, no. See, I know what kind of is a great shock to you, but anybody who lives here who's got a brain and can afford it. I'm not talking about Corvette and NSX. I'm talking about even like a little beat up old brown Corolla. Those people have got enough brains to realize you must have a car to survive in this town. If you're absolutely desperate, you have to use the buses. Good luck to you. We wish you all luck in the world. And, you know, maybe you don't do a lot of, uh, slump it around here and there like some of the older people. But generally speaking, this is not not ever going to be a mass transit kind of a town. It's a car town period. And as Richard been employed out yesterday, more when he called his show, there are $11 billion positive already got your mark. Then it's going to be spent for new highway construction and renovation of existing highways. It's already a done deal. That's going to happen regardless. They don't bother telling you that. No, they act like, oh, gee, if you don't do this, like this thing in a hurry yesterday, if that doesn't convince you that desperate future to this, this gloom and doom projection that they've made of what's going to happen if you vote no. The economy declines. The tax base withers poverty worsens and parts of this once vibrant community take on the looking field of a third water, a third world backwater. Boy, yeah, like I said, they haven't looked out the window much. They live in their little ivory tower over there. One hero Plaza. And one of the people that they're all done over these last 20 years and the last 30 and 40 years for the poor bastard living in overtime and somebody other run down part to the economy and in Lemon City and all those areas. What have they done? Anything that wouldn't think of? No, just try to sell you a bill of goods over and over again. Tell you how great they are. Just listen to what? Westchester. Hello. Oh, there. Oh, tell tell that sound is back. How do you like that? I think it's a county plot. And that's because Castro's in favor of this tax. You hear that? That was from Westchester. That's a fidel Castro set up call. And that was a warning that he wants you to vote. Yes. So if you like Castro, go out there and vote. Yes. If you hate Castro, vote. No. And make sure all your friends vote. No. He likes it. And the tax too. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once. Long gone. Here's another mobile in Miami. Hello. What just happened? Don't tell me the whole phone is all screwed up now. Yeah. Yes, sir. How can you hear me? I hear you. Do you hear me? Yeah. Sounds just like a one of the cars tell you what a great job you're doing. Okay. Also, while it's on hold, I pass two great examples of our tax money spend. You know, those signs, the digital signs over on 95 to get to the golden blades. Yeah. They've been up there since 1994. And have you ever seen them work? No. Also, I can't. I'm glad you mentioned that because in most other urban areas, they have all those signs and all the overpages, you know? Right. No information here. Even Orlando hasn't been working. I like that. How do you like that is right? Even a bunch of red next like that can get it working. Yeah. You also on a side note, Tom White could sort of be thanking you for his ratings. Talks about the ratings all the time and religion and seems like whatever you're talking about. He's talking about it that night. Yeah, but it doesn't seem to be working too well. Have a great day, pal. All right. Thanks. Working well for us. But like I said, materials always better the first time around at that right Paul. Cast your Nova. And by the way, next time we have a major ballot issue in his town, let's have the great political gurus, like Fully and Paul Casternova do the smart thing and that is stick to their juvenile humor. Okay. And stop trying to be political, uh, cramudions here. Don't know the rass from their god damn elbow. Here's homestead. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I wonder if Fetzano was going to vote today, you know, because that was very pathetic with your date with the major. You were sucking up to the major, you know, big friends. I wanted to see, you know, Fetzanoville on 94. Yeah. I wanted to see, you know, Fetzanoville. He probably lives in Broward County anyway. Exactly. So what you do for care, he's not going to have to pay to get your penny down here. So I was very pathetic. And another thing is that I never go to before. Yeah. But after listening to you, hey, I got my registration on hand. And I'm going to vote today. And that's going to be right. You know, I want to tell, hey, I want to tell everybody out there, don't have these people. Let's send a signal to these people that we're not going to take no crap from this people anymore. Right. Okay. Nice. Well, all right. Yeah, vote early and off a man. Got till 7 o'clock tonight. Get online by 7 o'clock because it's about time to tell him. Right. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's the word sweetheart. 560 50560, Pont 560 animal. But when I went to got this got awful ballgame, I apologize profusely, even though I have no control over because if I did, we would shotgun that game in a heartbeat. That thing would be history. That need nothing we can do with it because we got to make sure, John Henry gets all his publicity, you know, and all his cash. So we can get a 300 foot yacht and go up there to June, over the last. Could you know what I mean? This story that rock, Palm Beach in the world. Uncle Ted did throw onto boxer shorts. Let's cruise our bark and ride with some bags. Excellent. Our money. Women. And soon. On what that is, what's used on it to the last name to the pressy bed and do the wall thing in the countdown. No way, Bill. That's my dad. Excellent. They're rich. They're powerful. They like this women. They can tell you. They're going to do sweet sentence Kennedy in. They'll untare the exploit adventure. Part two. The next genetusia. Excellent. That casher novel is in Lighthouse Point. Lifetime I checked that's way up there in Broward County. So we're in New York. They're in Broward County. Of course, I live in Broward too. Yet I take an interest in all the things that go in. This time I've been here long enough to understand the lies in the DC. And thanks to Tom in our listening audience who sent me maybe the one of the most important facts is ever because I we know it's easy to forget these things because they slide them by real quickly and they do it all the time anyway. It says all the apathetic voters should remember the vote on the new arena, the Erisina Arena. Up until around 9 or 10 o'clock on at night. You're reading it and he's absolutely right. The arena vote was losing by some five to 10,000 votes and then miraculously. All the TV stations said whoops, we have the numbers reversed and ladies and gentlemen approval was assured, etc. And so how do you like that? I'll never forget that. I'm watching all night long and a vote was no no no no no no no it was the one where if you were for you voted no when you were against the Evo to be asked and then the immediately said oh well we were just confused. We got to backwards and an election where the issue was losing all night long all of a sudden looks up plop it around it's winning I think that's the biggest question we got here today. Not only is one of the actual numbers going to be. But can we really have an honest election in date count without dead people voting without the people who aren't registered voting without the people voting twice and three and five times when I have them to vote turned around upside down without having a lot of phony votes coming into last hour to turn it whatever way they want. I got news for you. Trust the politicians in date County then by all means go out and vote yes. If you trust them with more your tax money and you are willing to fork it over them and trust them to do what they promise to do and by all means go out and vote yes. If you got half a brain if you got a little tiny one and a brain to then you got to vote no you got to vote no no no no no no no no no because I mean you know that old saying about fool me once and I'm an asshole fool me twice and I'm a major one or something like that over that goes. How could any person in its right mind possibly gets sucked in by these broken promises and lies. Especially when they stand up their merits their highman for any of this and tell you right in your face and the hero as well. About this white elephant this enormous boom dot is flopped this miraculous flopped a metro fail. That every day of your lives if you live in date County is costing you money to subsidize the losses. And they brag about it like all one and wrong we now we got to make it right now if you just give us another $260 or $70 million a year now we'll make it right right we believe that don't we don't we don't because you got a brain bigger than a pinball. And I'm embarrassed and disgraced by people are cast in open footing these other minor these little liggers get on the air here and allow themselves to be used and manipulated for fun and profit because they haven't got a goddamn brain of their own. We don't have the cohones to a you know take up take on the establishment here. You got till seven o'clock baby you got till seven o'clock six and a half hours to go out there and make a difference for once in your life. I mean the polar on channel seven last night 24% said yes 76% said no. How can they be that far off? How can they be that wrong? And I woman in the pre synced in the surf side this morning. Puck into the Bimble on channel seven. Every single one of the people that came in there said no he had voted no. You got to do it because if you if you just hit back and think it's automatically going to happen guess what they'll pull the same crap again that they have over and over again. If it's even close if it's within reading distance they'll find the votes they'll find the dead people they'll find the banana vote people they'll find they'll get the what's the name of Bert Hernandez they'll let him out of jail for a few hours they'll have another 30 50 thousand votes whatever they need before you can say fraud. So don't forget whatever you do just say no.