The ball is at 4.356. W2AM, my amy for Lutterdale presents the Neal Rother Show. Oh, right. Talk to Neal, call 5.67056, toll free for Dean Brownford, or pound 5.6 beyond yourself. Oh, yeah. And the ins of Neal is, yes, callers are. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be easily read acquisitions or the be easily broadcast group? Now, Neal Rogers, on sports radio 5.62A, you know, 5-rich reminds me of my mother. In theaters now, from the director of Leaver to Beaver, and the producer of the spy, who shag meets the spy, who shagged Beaver to our make you hoony? Yeah, I know that feeling. Who hold the cue holding baby? Yeah, too hard. Yeah, get you right. Who, really baby? Joe, we shag now, we show you something nice. I've got the breakfast dishes here. The spy, who shagged Beaver. You're wearing something nice, how do you use? Oh, be hey. When you'd dad see this, it's back to the coaster wagon for you. Yeah, baby. Oh, the worst news I've ever heard in my life. And especially Donnie Beelike, some so you know he's an old hack. You know, Donnie Beel's not a bad guy, but he's got the worst taste in everything. Everything. Talk Christina Moore was a talent. And I've been taking a leak about 10 minutes ago, and there's Donnie Beet, the urinal, thank god there's a defider in there. But nevertheless, and he says, well, what do you think about Jake? That said he's an old hack. He's terminally's boring. Oh, I grew up with the islanders. Him and Eddie Westfall. And I went, oh, yeah. Oh, my god. How could this be? Well, it's easy to tell you how it could be. And that's because the first of all, Bill Tory has this insetuous relationship with Jigs going back to the island of the days. And secondly, generally speaking, the Wayne and the Wayne High Pingo organization, even though Dean Jordan isn't here anymore, they're into old hacks. That's generally speaking what they've been bringing in. With the accepted of course, in my close best personal friend, Jeff Rimmer. You know, I'm talking to my, No, don't you start in with Rimmer, okay? Well, I happen to be taking the dinner tonight. And if we're expensive restaurant, whichever one mentioned in the tomorrow, but nevertheless, even a start in on him again, George. Ah, yes you are. Or so before we get back to Jigs McDonald, here's a mobile and cross and see it and do the phone. Say it doesn't it's a good thing we did a little test there. I don't want to take calls yet anyway, but it's a good thing, too bad you're out whoever called on the mobile. George didn't reset the phone. Okay, here we go. Phone reset time. WKQA and or in confident. Deep. Deeply sucked. Right. Deep just part of it. And we got to go through this everyday, just to try to put a few calls on here. Okay, before we get back to Jigs McDonald, and all these other things, all of these things. And even before I get into that, I got to pre-empt that. We all in a apology. I say, we not me. And thanks by the way that the caller who at least tried, I wish we would had more callers yesterday to alert the people out there. See, I've told you for a year and a half now that if you listen to this radio station, unless you're a professional sports nerd, and there's some information you want. Unless it's on this show, and I can get it off to TV, said you're all seeing enters up, but you're not going to find out about it. They could be poisoning the water at homestead, and this would be the last place you'd find out about it. Drive it home yesterday after a turnpike. Remember we had the call from the one guy? Did you see it? No, I don't go that way. The traffic was backed up for miles. There was a wreck, somebody actually gone through the median. And there's just a mess, a nightmarish mess. I would say South of Hollywood Boulevard, I guess it. And the traffic was backed up well beyond Griffin Road coming southbound. And of course luckily I'm going northbound, and I'm thinking of myself. And the traffic blocked off in a making him exit in the Hollywood Boulevard. But why are they letting people on north of there? You know what I'm saying? Why are they letting people get on there? So they can get locked up at, I mean, some of you people out there just must be sarcotic at this point. I've never seen it like that. Anywhere backed up for miles. And did we really have anything on it on this radio station? How about our crack traffic people that we must have some kind of a deal? We know they don't work here between 10 and 2. But you would think that they might have alerted us yesterday. You traffic people suck. Okay. Whatever service we got, what's the role of the same in this town? Because they're all full of crap. And they're all way behind the time. And every time they tell you there's a wreck, you drive through there and you say, what wreck? Because it was cleaned up a half an hour. That's how far behind they are. Because they're probably reading it out of a newspaper somewhere. But that we apologize profusely. On behalf of the ineptitude of this radio station and our traffic service who are going to help they are for not alerting you yesterday to a mess. I actually felt bad about it. You believe that? No. No idea. I felt guilty. I felt a little bit stuck an hour and a half in it. Yeah. And we should have been on here repeatedly. Instead, just at one guy to call, we should have been repeatedly saying, stay off that childbound turnpike. If you do anything, just get the hell out of there and don't go anywhere near there. Did we do that? No. No. And how come nobody else call? Except that one guy? Probably afraid to run their battery down. Probably to unplug their cell phones and just, you know, man, how long was she stuck? Hour and a half. Hour and a half. And that mess. How do you like that? Which meant we only got to see her for five minutes. And by the way, before I forget her birthdays to more happy birthday, Shannon. I'll do it today and again tomorrow, but I might forget. I'll show you what I want to allow me to forget. So here's the worst mother story in the history of the human race. See, George and I had this contest. It's an ongoing contest. He insisted that his mother is the most relentless bitch of all time. And I'd tell him, you're not even in the contest. You're not even in the running. So anyway, I told you even the story about my TV set. And I also want to tell you that the hit-touchy altruvision I'm becoming more attached to a by the minute I've never seen a picture like that in my life. Now that I have adjusted right. So the guy that called and told me it's not in the same league with a Sony XPR. You're right. It's much better. The picture is unbelievable. I love it. I'm squeezing it and the TV too. But they did come from a part to prepare the Sony XPR, which is still a hell of a good set and sitting in another room right now. And so my mother was kind enough to come to my house and TV said, while the repairman was coming since they were coming between noon and four. Although what a good idea to take off from work because the TV repairman was coming, but that's a little cheesy to do. Don't you think? So she's house-sitting. And then of course, I usually go to my mother's house on Wednesdays lately for lunch. It was Wednesdays today. I said, you can make lunch in my house and we'll leave there and then you can get your ass out of there. So I get home yesterday at 232 and she says, Oh, Pat, which just got off the phone. He just called to see if you're going to the track. And I'm not about about that. And yes, I was going so I didn't need to call him back. Now keep that in mind for later in the story. Now the TV guy has already been there. It turned out it wasn't the picture too bad and gone out or whatever the tubes are. Was there some things inside the cell. He had gotten disconnected and it looks fine. Fixed a thing. Thank you very much by the way. Repairman from Mark. Who's also a big groupie. So we sit down. We're having lunch and out of nowhere in the middle of all the other nagging that goes on that I'm used to. That never, never ends. Never stop. Why did you fix that door? Why did you do that? Why does that just never stop? That's small stuff. So in the middle of having lunch, I found a Snickers wrapper. Are you crazy? What are you eating crap like that for? Now first of all, she doesn't know that I ate it. It could have been John who's got this hysterical psychosis for candy. Although I think Snickers is out easily. He's usually into something more exotic like Paragina and stuff like that. But nevertheless, it could have been him that ate it. Or anybody else that stopped by in the house could have been lunch of other people. But she's right. I ate it. I'm not going to deny it. And I said the word since he's better. I held a lot better than I am anyway. I said you were a good one to talk. Addicted a chocolate number one. And she's saying that as she's sitting there drinking ginger ale with sugar with it. Remember that comment a couple of weeks ago when lunch I talked about. I like sugar. But I'm diabetic, Ma. Stop for speeding it on me. She likes sugar. And she's giving me a lecture. So I said, you're not eating all this crap all the time. But I don't pretend to be on a diet. I said, well, when did I say I was on a diet? Have I said I'm on a diet? Any time recently? No. I do the atkins for about two or three hours a day. After I wake up. So anyway, keep that in mind. Now, fat rich had just called only seconds before I came in. I go to the track last night. I don't think I'm prepared to tell this. You're not going to believe this. Now, she doesn't know fat rich from that. Cup, you've got sitting over there on a counter. That she just knows him barely. Whether she's ever spoken. And I guess before when I've been on vacation, she's been in the house. He's called. In other words, over the phone, she knows him about as much as you know somebody passing in the night. So he tells me it's a track last night that he calls their looking for me to say if you're not going to show up, call me because I'm going to be at the track tonight. It's sediment so on. She says, you know, I was rummaging to the garbage. And I found a Snickers wrapper. How do you like that? That's the kind of luma tick I got it. She was rummaging through my garbage and found a Snickers wrapper. What was she hoping to find? I don't know, but I'm going to tell you one thing. Next time, she's there. I'm going to make sure that there are a lot of other things that you'll find. Things that ordinarily wouldn't be in the house, but I'll make sure I can find them somewhere. Oh, even better than that. She was rummaging through my garbage and found a Snickers candy bar wrapper. And she's telling this to somebody that she doesn't even really know. It would be like if somebody called it, it was a wrong number. Oh, by the way, before you go, nice son is near Rogers. That was rummaging through the garbage and found a Snickers candy bar wrapper. You see what an asshole he is? And this is also on the day by the way that I left her. Nice check that I give her every month and the check for the maintenance fee on the condo that I bought for her. And the car that I bought for her cash that she drives home in. Let's check there on the counter for also. If they just mentioned that in passing, which he didn't thank me for you understand. But she was rummaging through my garbage. So anyway, is there any contest anymore, George? I don't think my mum has ever rummaged to the car. Okay, but she does help you. Yeah. 10, 10, and it's 5, 60, and WQM. Hey, dude! F*** you! F*** you! F***ing sexy. F***ing, ginky. F***ing old. Been coming to Fredericks and Hollywood. Florida. But time and haven't to the elderly. So you wear a plastic hair bonnet when it sunny out. And a fur coat during the summer. Big deal. That doesn't mean you can't dump some crotchless panties in a barbed wire brought tonight. What? Honey, look at these rubber panties. You look great in these. No grandma check out this jeet string and see through all their top combination. What? Oh, that is nice deer. I didn't see myself as rarely getting into that little number. Catch you. Bring the husbands. Bring your family. Bring your benders. And the Frederick's of Hollywood. Florida. Look for one of the retirement community near you. Oh, that's 15 at 5. 60, WQM. James McDonald, the joint panties on the right unit, amazing to me that for some reason this story shows up first in the Palm Beach Post. Ryan Bigane, Palm Beach Post, Stanforder. Which I have the first page of it, but nobody bothered to give me the second page, which is interesting. But thanks for somebody sending me the first page of copy of over here. What about the second page of it? Not that I would need to do the rest because I know you're not a big McDonald like the back of your ass. Not a bad guy. It's a good guy like I said he wants to give me a plug on his Fox National Teller Regional. There were like five people watching really, but he's still getting the plug for being a hockey Maven here in South Florida and promoting the panties when he was doing a panty game on Fox. So I should be very nice to the jigsman. The fact is I'm going to operate that way. This is not personal. This is business. And the fact is he's an old funny buddy who was chased out throughout after one year as I predicted. Jigsmick Donald, a member of the hockey hall of fame, broadcast three of the Islanders, forced anticov championships in the early 1980s, will be named the Florida Panthers radio play by playboys today. Oh, it's in the in the Palm Beach post. For some reason, our other papers here in Dayton, Broward missed this story. How do you like that? As usual, there's a busy making stuff up and high preventulating about the lawsuits with this one and that one and radio whack from which ain't even on the area. McDonald, the part time resident of Hutchinson Island in Martin County, replaces Chris Moore, who resigned last spring to accept an offer from me STN. Now, we'll say this. We're definitely upgrading. Of course, they could have run in a dead monkey and we'd have been upgrading from Christina Moore, but nevertheless. And I know Jeldi's upset. He was in here. We had a little chat this morning because he wanted to job. I was pushing him to do it because, you know, that's what they should do. They've been a little bit of a new team. They've only been an existing six years. Instead of bringing in another tired old hack, bringing somebody new, somebody young, somebody who knows the game. Somebody's got great enthusiasm. Somebody's got a voice that, you know, maybe bad for talk shows, but still would be good for hockey. And do they do it? Oh, they bring in this guy because again, Bill Torres got an insistence relationship. Most of the broadcastes that have been hired and the sports teams down here have, like, bills in for there's a classic example for it. And they're not going to be hired because Dean Jordan knew him from back at Penn State. So they had this insistence, just so cuckold, and up at not that Jim for his bad. He's not a bad guy. He's got a, yeah. But he's got that's the cuddle, like, like out of a computer and like Hank said the other day. Nobody knows who he is. If you have a gun, the 50 people's had a day land right now. And you said, name me the play by playing out here for the dolphins. They couldn't do it. They'd all go, yeah. And it's, oh, yeah, Jim and it's, no, he does the color on the games. And I don't say, right here or two, by the way, Hank is on vacation again. Is that the deal? Oh, I'm going to answer tomorrow. You think I get a lot of vacation time. It came back that a few shows and said, that's it. I'm out of here. I'm going to have a hump or a hamper. But so, you know, they bring this guy in, who's an old hack 60 years old. Again, as hockey broadcasting with the L.A. King's in 1967 moved out of the expansion planes in 72. And then, of course, he was hired by Islanders GM Bill Tory. And then he went on to after he got came there. I mean, after he moved out of that spot, he kind of wanted to run. Did some fill in weekend and the stuff or Fox a few games there. And then he went up two years ago in Toronto. And at the time, I told certain people in the business, I said, he'll never last at all there. They'll chase his ass out of town because Toronto, of course, being a real hockey city where they've had some of the greatest hockey broadcasts wherever live. They're not going to put up with an old puppy dirty guy like this. And did they? No, one year he was gone. They were carving him an ass and they Toronto papers. We're unlike here where they suck anybody's ass. So that's the problem with this time. Why can't we have some people or write comms about stuff? Why can't we have somebody instead of these kids, these children, these stringers who really write, even if it's skating stuff, even if they rip me an ass. Whoever was something, as opposed to maybe once every six months it'll obligate to re-article when something major gigantic that they can't evade and avoid happens. Every other major market, they've got people that write really insightful stuff about TV. And even about a radio, hey, direct the news to you here, guys. Even about radio, even as we could already a market as this is. But no, nobody here is really there's just, really having opinion one way or the other. All they do is just report it. And that's it. Separate jack ass, of course, whoops, we fall on our ass because we hate each other like boys and any works for the Harold. So the Panther organization continues to go the old and funny, dirty way with people like this. And it is a step up from Christina Moran and since most of the games are on television anyway, not too many people will be listening to jigs, somebody who doesn't make any difference. And I wish him all the best in the world because he'll need it. Toronto, they actually literally boot his ass out of town. As you get this old, funny, dirty man out of here, brings you a bull and back on not just on a radio. We want him on TV during the weeknight games. They said, okay, okay, stop on a bull crap already. Okay. Just leave us alone. Goodbye, jigs. Good luck to you. And now we wind up here. The rejects like Christina Moran reject even a new jersey. When you get rejected, new jersey. That's the ultimate slap in the face and then they bring him here. So there you go. Not that anybody will care about that because just like Donny B, nobody has got any clue about sportscasters, which I said yesterday. Why did I even bring that up with Hank the day before? It was the point. Nobody here knows anything about these people because these people are in law law land here. Where's that thing about the cigars? Floody's going to be floating about this. Wait till he finds out about this. The federal trade commission, as part of this ongoing, goodly to choose America that you live in, ask Congress on Wednesday to mandate new health warnings on cigar labels and advertising to dispel the notion that cigars are a safer alternative of a cigarette. The FTC issued recommendations with three specific health warning labels and also urged a ban on television and radio cigar advertising. Oh, I think putting was right. If we plan on surviving based on some little mom and pop cigar stores here, I know $10 spots. We're in big trouble. Right, footing. You asshole. Regular cigar smokers are at risk of mouth and throat cancer. Similar to that of cigarette smokers said FTC chairman Robert Petoski. There may be people under the misimpression that if they switch to cigars, they're in safe harbors. How about if we just stop breathing, you know, the air is loaded with all these pollutants? How about if we just stop breathing and certainly stop eating because our food is filled with all kinds of cancer causing agents? I think we ought to stop having a lot of advertising for food because most of it is killing us. Won't that be next? Let's stop all food advertising. If they're going to be consistent, let's try with advertising cigarettes. Winded and taste good, like a cigarette, like a cancer stick should. Let's try with that. I like the moral bromance, little too much of it for me, but nevertheless, that is a cowboy thing. What was wrong with the moral bromance? That was fun. They got the big skull and crossbones on there. CAUTION. The surgeon general says you're going to die if you get near this stuff, but pick your poison. Stop trying to be goody to shoes and stop putting on his phony act. Look at all the drugs that the FDA has approved that it killed people. How about fin fin? Forget about going back to the litamide and all the other ones. How about fin fin? Oh, maybe we're in a steak. We acted too hastily here. It happens all the time. You're a government in action. So now we've got to have. That's right. They have the power to require labels on its own, but often instead of refer its recommendation to Congress. Most of our boxes already include a label required under a settlement of a California court case, which says the product contains or produces chemicals, known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects, and other reproductive harm. But they want more strongly worded warnings, such as warning, regular cigar smoking can cause cancers of the mouth and throat, even if you'd not inhale. Why do we have warnings on the food that we eat that they can cause cancer? Even if we don't inhale, I've never seen any. Oh, or that can cause fat. Yeah, cause you to get fat and a heart attack and strokes and diabetes and die a premature death and go, oh, a quadball, your arteries. Do we have warnings about that? Oh, let's just have warnings on everything because basically what the government is really saying in their hypocritical way is that we're all a bunch of civilians and we can't make our own choices. Just like with marijuana, they've determined that it's an evil substance that certainly a gateway to all these other evil things. Just like Drinking to go out glass of Logan David wine on past, we'll certainly make you a chronic alcoholic and a member of AA for life. They've decided that. See, I don't know about you, but I don't want a government that's going to decide everything I've put in my mouth. Oh, gee, that was a bad choice of words, wasn't it? I'm talking about. Oh, yeah. They're going to decide what we're going to eat, what we're going to watch, what we're going to think, what we're going to smoke, I like a good cigar, okay? And whether we have a sponsor or not, as we happen to know, a damn good one, but even if we didn't, I don't give a crap. I still occasionally like a good cigar, whether my mother likes it or not. And by the way, my 135 dollars is a popular park last night. That's another thing she's giving me a lecture on. Oh, you don't have to go on the air and tell people how much you lost at the track. Big gambler, Neil Rogers, I won $35 at the last night. There you go, ma. And clip, rummaging through my goddamn garbage. What kind of seriously, I hate to go back to that again. I'm not just dwell on this for four hours. What kind of a person tells a virtual stranger, much less anybody else, that she was rummaging through my garbage. And found a Snickers bar wrapper. How do you like that? Oh, whoo. Wow, at least your mom can cook. Yeah, that's true. Never had an edible meal. You know, something doesn't make any difference. So you're not missing for good food, okay? Not anymore. Yeah. I mean, if cooking is a compensation, cooking a good meal is a compensation for incestent, nettering, nagging and doing unacceptable things like scouring through my garbage. And of course, I can just imagine all these times we've gone on vacation. And she's there babysitting the dogs. I can imagine there is anything in that house that hasn't had her fine finger on it. In it around it, through it, underneath it, et cetera, which is great. I'm going to start leaving all kinds of wild pornography around. I got some used condoms. Let's get, yeah, let's get some of those. Let's have adults in send us every tornographic thing that he ever had in position of his life. And other starts to get and she'll probably like it. Oh, yeah. Oh, now's, can I come over and watch the dogs again this weekend? Hmm. She was going through my garbage as long as I live. This is one I'll never forget. 27 after 10 at 560 WQ, I mean, you want to make some big money head for Hollywood seminal game. You may have to go all the way to Vegas. And you certainly don't have to tour where your money on those lottery tickets because the jackpot keeps getting bigger, but your chances are still non-existent. But Hollywood seminal game has got a lot of winners. In fact, a lot of six figures winners this year already. Hollywood seminal game has got 550 gaming machines paying out the big bucks. 48 round of clock poker tables always go in strong featuring all of classic poker games like Omaha Hilo. Texas hold on the seven card stud and there are many weekly poker tournaments and dating and the tournament's can also make you a winner. Ford Daily said, and this is the same woman by the way that was taken. Mondo bred the warps there's neighbor who's diabetic and has diabetic neuropathy who's losing the feeling in his legs and taken sugar to him. What kind of baggage will you be checking on today sir? Well I have this case with the fear of abandonment. I carry on with some paranoia and this double bag stuff is homosexuality. Welcome to abnormal airways. Today on our flight will be cruising at a nice comfortable altitude of 55 feet. As due to my extreme fear of heights. If you look out our right window now you'll be able to see the right wings steering off pre-tops as we travel along at our cruising altitude. Join the flight. The airline who staff and clientele are charcoal of problems. In case of a water landing, I'll begin to hyperventilate at which point a pedic attack will set in and I'll begin grasping dangerously for the neck of the person nearest me at that time. Seat push and maybe use as a sense mechanism. But I will then probably try to strangle you with the cord of the breathing tube that drops from overhead. Fly abnormal airways. I'm at my wife on this flight last week. Last week huh? Yeah, she you get now though. And experience a mental skies. 1032 to a 560 WQA and here's the Carl Springs. Hello. Carl Springs. Hello Neil. I'm sorry but I have to vent on the Kennedy's or our co-oposed. Okay. Let me just tell you right now. That's my fault for not saying this. I have an interesting article with somebody fact in the yesterday but now I have the whole thing by what's his name? Rick Stangle from Time Magazine. I made me to later on maybe not depending on whether we get any calls today which we probably won't because there's nobody in town. But I don't want to hear the a K word today. Okay. I don't want to hear about John. Junior or senior or Ted. I don't want to hear it. I won't tolerate it. I mean it was bad enough. I thought on Monday that I wanted to post in the whole four hours about that and then I want to pick it on Tuesday and again yesterday because I'm just so insist about the fact that these are crazy people in the media. And a lot of you people are just as crazy as they are. Rapped up at horse crap. In my new year. But I'm not going to listen to that again today. If that's all you people got to talk about have a nice day see you some other day. I don't want to hear it. I'd rather hear about Cuba. I'd rather hear the C word. Whichever one you want to talk about then the a K word today. Don't want to discuss it. I've said everything that I could possibly say and I only want to just multiply time 10 and then you'll understand how I feel about it. I'm not going to change my mind. If you're one of those simple things out there that's in mourning and they're looking to fight a piece of the ashes in the water. Well, be my guest. Go have a good time. I'm not going to change each other's mind. And like I've said before, there's nothing to me worse than boring the audience and got only those and talk radio. I don't want to mention any names but in talk radio there's certainly plenty of boredom to go around. You know what I'm saying? Including a lot of the colors out there. The regular is especially the chronic that puts you into a media coma just thinking about the sound of the voice much less hearing it. Oh, this thing was a f**k. These aren't, yeah, I don't want to hear about it sir. I can't, I can't, I'm over saturated if I hear if I hear the name one more time. I'm just going to burst. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Hey, good morning, yes sir. I got a couple of things. One, you know, concerning cancer of the mouth. I have to say that it happened in my family. My father always smoked once a bar. If that every couple months, but he always like we keep it in his mouth. The thing that's the problem is if you're not smoking it, take it out of your mouth because if it's making physical contact with the inside of your mouth, you can get a proper cancer called squamous cell carcin. Oh, bad news. Right. And he had squamous cell carcin. And he actually survived squamous cell carcin. But here, a tumor that went from a grape to a grapefruit in two weeks. Hmm. Lovely. Yeah. And the chemo is nasty. Nobody knows what that's like. So, you know, it does happen. And if you have any doctor smoking cigars, don't leave it in your mouth. You know, when you're done smoking it, that's what I always say. When you're done with a get it out of your mouth, right away. And I also, I hope you're on the evening. I doubt it. You question, you question the ester bullows to drug use in the light-out drink. I can't say the name is time and often. Yeah. Yes. He actually was no tort. We're having back room L.S. You know, L.S. You'd like to have a pet. That's true. Yeah. Supply by the same people who were doing the experiments on US black geos with it. Hmm. For counties and actually, they're quite a few notable, people in government as it were, as notable people from how old that were coming to those parties. Yeah. Yes, they were having, talking to the audience. There you go. And that's it. But don't mention that, uh, who was? That's right. People's bubbles. But have a great day, pal. And keep that thing out of your mouth. Yeah. It says, uh, they want to put a warning on regular cigar smoking can cause cancers of the mouth and throat even if you don't inhale. Warning in hailing cigar smoking cause lung cancer, the more deeply when hail the grids. First of all, I don't know anybody who inhaled cigars. Do you? Have you ever, I've never inhaled a cigar in my life. I smoke a few packs of cigarettes a day when I was in college. And they gave it up because he's the tear up my throat. But in hailing cigars, I, to me, it's just ludicrous on the face of it. And also they want to put on warning cigars are not a safe alternative to cigarettes. Norman sharp president of the cigar association of America says cigar smokers tend to be well educated well informed individuals. Sharp cited surveys referred to in the report showing that the vast majority of cigar smokers smoke only occasionally and by the way, don't inhale. They don't inhale and they smoke only occasionally. And you can get cancer from some of the foods you eat from the water that you drink from the polluted air that we're breathing from a thin different things. But we're living in an increasingly repressive country where they more and more want to take all your choices away and make everything against the law. That's the worst part. Make everything illegal. You can advertise it. You can't talk about it. And eventually, then pretty soon, they'll come to the day. Oh, you can't buy him any more. So maybe on a black market. How about cars do we put warning labels on the windshield? Put it right on a goddamn mask into the car. It says don't get too close to the S& because the carbon dioxide will get you every time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, hey, don't. Okay, sir. To respond to what you're saying about these, the advertising stars. I don't understand the park shoot the government because something really frost me quite a bit. The, the, the, the, the, the cigar legal as our cigarettes. I don't understand how to prohibit some life advertising illegal product. Exactly. That's right. If you don't want them, then pass a law, which I don't agree with. I mean, I'm a post, I don't smoke and I don't like being around people as smoke. No, but I know what you're saying and you absolutely correct. If they're that evil, then how come the government not only subsidized the tobacco growers for years, but has made no and has got no interest, evidently, and making them illegal. Well, first of all, they know it's never going to work. Number one, I create a tremendous black market number two. And what about the tax? And number three, the billions of dollars in taxes. It's just, it's unbelievable. I understand who's sick there makes these decisions. Yeah. I want a bunch of bureaucrats who have to, you know, make it look like they're doing something to protect the public, the ignorant public. Right, but I mean, you know, we shouldn't tackle that, you know, who, well, it's a whole other issue. The government, the government is always right in whatever they do is right. That's right. That's right. They're always looking off for our best interest, right? But you might have believed that. Absolutely insane. Right away, here's what he's great, where he's still living in a time warp. Still living back in Woodstock from 69. Still looks every part of that silly tie on, you know, just, oh, better than ever by the way, you're blooming up like a jug. Like beefle, you and beefle ought to get together. We ought to, we should have the beefle and after pictures. Look at his call, man. Dead is a Dorneal, 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Gonna be a heavy duty music day today. I can see I can sit back and relax before my visit to my brand new doctor this afternoon. It was going to probably take two or three points of blood. Yeah, I find it real doctor, right away. And also, did we ever get a response to that message I left on the other doctor? It definitely would be get a response to that. Oh, that's okay. See, that's why I needed one find a real doctor. It was got like a real office and a real secretary and they really answer the phone and, you know, little things like that. Floridian, dumb ad dirt. Hello, I'm Roger Stange, the mystery garden. And today we'll discover the mystery. About tomatoes. Nothing has been more than walking through my vegetable garden and seeing the fruits of my labor come in maturity. This, the poll of it, tomato. Look at this farm round jewel. Look at the texture of the meat. It's sweet, succulent soft skin. It's plump, red, juicy inside. Oh, god. Oh, well, if you're excuse me, I'm going to take this copy of tomato monthly. And to be privacy of my dad's and quarters in finisher. This is Roger Stange for the mystery garden. George, where? That's 24 or a 560 WM2. I'm slowly. What are grabers in here? I mentioned I just handed them all of these. Prado more square. The great news cigar from Nixon. The course we can't let him up in here because we don't want to get the appauers that be very upset because they're out of this non-smoking building environment, which is totally unacceptable to us. It's a pile of crap. And I have one in my hand right now. Two, we've not not going to light it up in here. But I just haven't in my hand is kind of a silent protest to more of this bureaucratic horse crap. Everybody try to tell us what to do. Everything is bad for us. Don't promote it. Don't advertise it. Well, if you're going to let people in business, how can you tell them they can't promote their product? You can't have it both ways. And by the way, how can of course I know they took heavy booze advertising off TV. But what about beer? We got plenty of sloppy drunks out there who never drank any hard alcohol, but who gets sloppy, drinking at 3 and 4, 6 packs. Pack your sum, some guys I know get sloppy as hell, drinking two beers. Some silly people. We're going to make that illegal? No. Because then all those sports things would go out of business. You're just about to hit a critical, goody two shoes and by the way, isn't this interesting coming from a government where the president loves that good cigar? Okay? What he does with his business? You know what I'm saying? I'm going to go lose. You want to make big mistake. She goes down and gets a little bit more. Yeah, and she might do that too when you come right down to it. We got a president who loves a good big fat round one. Okay, and a nice cigar. We're now in in too. And we got the FCC telling us, oh, we got to put these warning labels on there. We want to ban cigarette and cigar advertisement. It's not a safe alternative to cigarette smoking. Maybe we're not looking for a safe alternative. It was okay for George Burns. He made it till about 150 years old and wine signed Churchill. And like I said the other day, I saw that picture last week in one of the tabloids. Here's the oldest living person in North America. She's 120 to years old and she had the photograph. She's got a bag of burning in her hand in the cigarette too. How do you like that? 120 to years old. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah. Here. Yes, I am. That's the big case. You asked vacation. Now one word has been on the radio on television about those police. They look good because girls have. Yeah. Oh, of course not because they buried the story. It's very nicely covered up. And we hear all this crap about the. The last even on our local channels. That was a very major local scandal story. And like I said at the time, they uh, somebody's getting paid off somewhere. And they covered it up. And you'll ever hear another word of God. I'm about it. And then the two sons from higher. Those guys are probably going around and intimidating potential witnesses. So that that story has been buried. Uh-huh. Great. And by the way, a week from the day is the penny sales tax election just say, okay. That's what it's just for. Probably about the DCD is that they're putting it all on that. Yeah, I've seen that. Of course. Now you know what? I don't live in date. And I'm proud. I'm a proud. But with everyone to close the booth or the booth and fire on the top record is on the 29th if it passed. And it would pass. That's what's going to be there for years after that. Any taxes on. There's no way to do it with those co-boots. Okay. Take care. Have a great life sir. Here's another fraction. Somebody Tim who says he's opposed to the penny sales tax, etc. And so on. That's right. I'm doing a hell of a public service because a week from today. Seven days you got to get your brains together. Okay. And to get everybody, you know, who's registered a vote in date County. Out next Thursday to say to Mayor penis and his brother, trying to perpetrate again on the public with all the lies. And with the help by the way, of most of the whips in the media in this town. You were to scrape. You were to scrape. Putting these ads on TV show and the worst traffic jams. I don't know what's the third most congested place in America. And then of course, doing that thing with the increasing the tolls just at a time with very little advanced warning to make people frustrated and psychotic. That's your government at work. Creating as much psychosis for as they possibly can as much hassle to get you frustrated so that you'll say, okay, whatever you want like that one guy said, they showed on the news. Okay, 1% 2% whatever you want. Just give rid of these tolls. And as I said at the time, as somebody who used to turnpike virtually every day of my life. There are no long lines. There's no major hassle. There's no big song in a dance. Life goes on. It's not the end of the world. And the people who use it are the ones who should and are paying for it. Not all of taxpayers who don't even use those roads. What about the people who live in North Day, for example? Who have nothing who never even encountered those toll boots or maybe like maybe once or twice a year. For the 50 cents or a dollar that I might save them. What about those people? So those people have to pay an increase sales tax? No. No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Long time listeners, it's a big data. First time caller. You're the only thing on radio worth listening to in this town. Don't chat at it again, man. Two things. I'm driving around downtown. I'm enjoying a van Louis Ray that was made in that country to begin with. See. All right. Nobody's going to make me stop smoking it. I don't chew on it when I'm not smoking it. I'm not going to get mouth cancer. And ever since Stan King shot Harvey Milk, we've had the Twinkie defense that we've had Richie Zamora. We had the sleepy Nazis as the motoring press likes to call them to want to protect us from ourselves. Yeah. I don't know if you've ever referred to them as the safety Nazis, but here they go. They ride again. The pleasure police. Absolutely. I get that's what's the guard day. Right. That's right. That other station. But I just want to tell you, you're the standard barrier, the voice of reason, the voice of sanity, don't ever let them shut you up. Okay. Same with request. Yes, sir. Don't go rock to you. You got it. All right. Thanks. That's right. cigars who dangerous their hazardous to your health. Sugar, of course. Let me tell you this. I'll say it again. Sugar is killing more people than cigarettes and cigars put together every year in this country. Are they banning that? No. Are they going to put what are they prohibiting advertising or products containing sugar? No. Of course not. That's a joke. They have to ban prime almost every tool product in America. Not even a contest. People don't get fat on cigars. People don't get heart disease. People don't get clogged arteries. People don't get strokes from smoking cigars. And yes, smoking cigars in the good thing. I'm never going to go to a city or tell you that it is, especially when Nixon's the next spot coming up. I'm not going to tell you. And even during the spot, how many times have I said, if you want to grow a nice big tumor, keep puffin' away on a whole bunch of cigars. Very few people that I know are compulsive cigars smokers who smoke them like cigarettes. Nobody that I know changed smoke cigars. Like one after another after another. There are plenty of people out there who smoke two and three packs of cigarettes today. Are there any people out there that smoke like five and ten and fifteen cigars today? Have you ever met anybody like that? No. Maybe there are some of them out there somewhere. In fact, you know the people in show business that always had a cigar in your hand, you notice they were never lit. They were like a prop like George Burns. I mean, always had a cigar, but they were never lit. Because they were talking anyway. And as you know, if you are a cigar smoker when you're talking and try to keep us a cigar lit, no matter how good a cigar is, it ain't going to stay lit forever. Okay, it's going to go out unless you're puffin' on it and the still ghee too. Just astonishing how wonderful this government is, how full of crap, how hypocritical. Don't do as we do, do as we say. In fact, maybe they can just sell them as dildos now. Although they might cause vaginal cancer if you leave it in there too long. Or maybe even rectum, rectal cancer, all depending on where the president's sticking it. Not if you leave it in the wrapper. Yeah, but lose it gets pissed off if you leave it in him too long. Here's a mobile in the key, say hello. Hey, deal. Yes sir. Long time listener from your old camp a day. I could have said the hammer gets upset, but they might have thought it was the wrong hammer. Yes. Yeah, nothing on the radio over there still. It's going to, you were talking about the cigar in the stuff and I was thinking how over in clear water now. We've got the swim suit police that are running over. They've got a very strict definition of how much cleavage or rear end is supposed to show. Nobody's being robbed or murdered or killed in anything in clear water. They're so little crying out there running out. Hey, guys, what's going to happen is we've had the t-shirt police. If you were in a t-shirt out there that Mayor Galani gets pissed off about they're going to throw your action jail for that too. I like the beach. Oh my god, straight to jail. We don't want to spend any old far. Oh, I'm believable. Hey, I have a shameless request. Yes sir. Why the bank type or guy, the Scottish guy, talking to the kid about the bank. I'll think about it. Thanks. Yeah. Great day sir. Bye. Okay. 567. Look at this poem man. I said it's cleared out. You should have seen our crowded, pomp and oh park last night. Me and Richie and about 10 other of our best close personal friends. That was pretty much it. 567. 560. Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Are you? Okay, sir. You're American, dare hide back in the 70s, talking to China about sales tax from Metro where else? I just got through saying yes. What the hell ever happened to that money? What do you mean whatever happened to it? They wasted a billion dollars a money to build a piece of crap that you got. Now that nobody rides. And now he was a gentleman. And they didn't give you all the buses that they lied about then that they were surprised to give us. These buses that they're promising now, they were supposed to come with a first billion dollar boom duggle. It's just amazing. And he was on channel 10 this morning. I can't believe channel 10 put him on there to propose and advertise for that once per cent sales tax. Yeah. Somebody is now they're going to give Richard Friedman equal time to go on there and talk out because I know channel 10 is editorializing against it. They're doing it again. Let me say it again. They've run an editorial opposed to the penny sales tax. Yes. Excellent. That's a wonderful fact. I'm certainly hoping that if they're given shows like Merit's Dear Hime opportunity go on here. And you know what's down here next? They're on Zayda. They're on with this one. Of course, they won't come on this. They won't even ask to come on this station because we would laugh them out of the guy damn building and they know that they've given one hell of a time on issue. It's just amazing. Thank you. I have a paper paper. Just remember sir. No. Two easy letters and no. No. No. One way from today. They've lied to you and lied to you and kind you and try to every way in the world to try to frustrate you and aggravate you. And then it turned around and say, oh well, if you don't want it and then at bull crap about the guy damn the expressway authority. Whatever the hell they call it. The MDX, the MD whatever they call it thing. Thanks, Woody. Have a great enjoy that cigar. Game Woody and I cigar. He's going to light it up for us. As soon as he gets outside, he's going to light that thing up and start a bonfire with it. Don't get that ponytail on fire, by the way. Yeah, that's right. Let's fancy cars. Let's fan spaghetti. Let's fan sugar. Let's fan everything. Sugarwats, alcohol, booze. Let's fan breathing the air. Let's fan cars. Cars kill people, okay? Now, guns are okay. Guns are fine. There's a warning label on guns. That's right. And the same kids who aren't by a gun, they can't buy a pack of cigarettes. Just stop and think about that. You want an awye? Because cigarettes kill people. They're dangerous. Ever see anybody point to let cigarette anybody else? No. Stick them off, baby. I got a chest of field here, man. Oh, speak of that. Oh, drag. I'm a total gay romance. Where gay standards and they wear tight pants. Airs on drenched top top bottom every day. Bless with the miracle of being gay. But very best of packets in the US say he's giving big big pleasure in a big big way. The very best of packets in the US say he's giving big big pleasure in a big big way. Oh, you're right. Find the big wish to chest of field queen. You choice of the fact of America. And there's something I better play that now while I still can because if they find out we're playing something even though it's a parody promoting cigarettes or any kind of tobacco product, they'll probably come in here and shut the goddamn place down. You live in a police state. I've been telling you that for years and people they all end the year. He's such a character. Yeah. He says it. Yeah. Police state. 1056 and 560 WQM. If you want a great cigar and you don't give a crap about the FTC or the FCC or the SCOUC or whatever it is, CK. Then go to Nick's all right because Nick's make you fantastic cigars. And if you don't overdo it, you probably won't get some big jug in a clump or two more in your throat or on your tongue or on your lips or whatever. It's quite about my mother says. Who's digging through the waste back and looking for cigar stubs, no doubt. I got a stub for you, okay? Okay. Did you make a Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica? Then I'm gonna go to London, see you tonight. Did you make a Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica? And the hug is there, you need to make a mixture of them to make a gink. I kill it and you make it. Then I'm gonna go to London, see you tonight. I'm gonna crush the meat, crush the juice, crush the black, crush the juice, crush the juice, crush the juice, fire, crush the juice, I say I and I, I give you your joy. Oh, oh, come to me, don't we a jazz act? I'm not that awesome, I like Jamaica Jamaica. And I like Jamaica Street. I like Jamaica, and I like it's a triple of time, crush the meat, crush the juice, crush the black, crush the juice, crush the juice, crush the juice, I might go to church and I ride the motorbike. Chicken soup with honey, the lamb, that's what I like. I've ever tasted it. Spread peace, rice and drink. Flanagan and the birds are fish. Just much more might see you. Razzling, razzling, razzling, razzling, razzling. Razzling, razzling, razzling. I want me to be your razzling. I want you to be your razzling. Oh, you! Oh, you! I'm so mad about the hair! What the hell are you? I'm so sorry you just told me that. I'm channel surfing here during that thing. And I had seen in there and they're still on the business. And George has all the networks around it too. I'm so sorry you just told me that. I'm channel surfing here during that thing. And I had seen in there and they're still on the business. And George has all the networks around it too. I mean, it's 11 o'clock in the morning. The morning TV shows are long since over with them. I right. And they're still fleeting moment earlier this morning. I mean, now I'm going to have to fight hard to resist the temptation to get started again. How many days, how many weeks, how many months does this go on? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. We got 6,000 open lines here waiting on you. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Deal. Yes, sir. God was that pathetic or what? Was that pathetic? 560, 560, 580. You know how long he waited for that? That was, and plus isn't even making it on the air. Not because it was a port of graphic, because we just stupid. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's the mobile in my email. I knew, uh, I'd like to thank you and George for putting me on to, uh, the most logically, and, uh, enlightening book I've ever read, uh, for what we got by the time. Well, they don't like it at the sunset, and I'll tell you that. The religion that it or he don't like it. The thing about Galileo, remember that? Yeah. And they finally admitted that the earth revolves around the sun, rather than the sun, revolver around there. Yeah, we know, pal. We know that. Great book. Okay. Okay. One more call now. We can, uh, maybe that is that it. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. 36 seconds they waited, and that was our last call. They didn't stop. Okay. Thanks a music, all right? I'm not going to fight this. I mean, I realize there's nobody here with a brain, and I can't argue, largely than there's something there. But we're out of business. Get them off. Okay. As we were playing, you got the nerve to go. Oh, I forgot. Sorry. Forget about that. Mir America, worst experience I had. Five, six, seven, five, 60, and pound five, 60 on the AT&T, where the slime. I guess I am going to read that thing that article by that, Casey Stangler guy from Time Magazine. I guess I will. Because these people don't want to talk about anything else. And maybe they don't want to talk about that either. I just can't imagine my spending the whole week on this thing. Well, I'm sitting here screaming about the overkill on it, pardon that expression. I'm going to have to spend the whole week because you people are got locked on. No, have anything else you want to talk about. It's been going to cigar Dave, by the way. If this thing goes through, he's going to be out of business. I just mentioned that in passing, of course. My good post personal friend Dave, let's upload. Remember what they said down at Nixon about cigar Dave? He's an asshole. That's what they said. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Mobile in North Miami. I knew how you'd do it. OK, sir. I just wanted to tell you, I was listening that last night for the night before to fill Henry. I listened to him on the computer about three times a week. Are you sure? Yeah. Absolutely. Sure. And whatever anybody said about anybody being better than him, there was never going to be anyone better than him except for yourself, maybe, and you're just a different style. He had the funniest thing he had a guy on who sounded very similar to somebody that used to come on his show here. He was a naval retired guy, and he was tried to describe that if they found the Kennedy body part of it should be buried with John, part of it should be buried with his new wife. And he was saying, like an arm here and a leg there. Yeah. And it's amazing that people were offended, didn't quite understand. And they were calling up concern. I think they were a bit chaotic about that. Oh, how can you do this kind of ironic? Because this whole thing is costing the taxpayers an arm in a leg anyway. Yeah. I mean, it was really distressing to some of these people because they could understand how you can, and if they only found 20% of the body, could you put 10% here and like 10% there? Right. So we stand at Phil and it's a pity they can't put him on a 10 o'clock here instead of me listening on the computer half. Yeah. Well, well, what do you want to hear the great Phil Henry way to hear some silly gambling show for G.A. members, you know? Have a great day, pal. You too. So I have to say how to fill. He's great. Yeah. The guy to call about Jim Phillips is better than a Phil Henry. We didn't dignify that comment with a response anymore. That's how ludicrous that was right on the face of it. By the way, what kind of an operation? Not only don't we know about the traffic, but we have to get the information about G.A.S. McDonald was hired by the Panthers. This is your panther flagship station, okay? This is supposed to be the big solid and sports station that we're paying all that money for all those broad cast rights. And we have to find out from the Palm Beach post that the Panthers of Hard Gics McDonald will be the radio play by play guy, which we're going to carry the games. Does that tell you all you need to know? Yeah. We're cool this man and we're proud of it. On a by some spots? No. On a Marlon games? No. No. The media is sick and needs help badly. Hey, dear. This is Wisconsin Al for Trappen Beaver. He and the wife just got back from seeing nodding hill. Now what is a deal with that Julia Roberts lips? Does she have two bottom lips on that face of hers? Anyways, today we want to talk about the Y2K problem and what to do with that Beaver you may have trapped during that time. You may discover that there is no power after December 31st. Now there's two things you can do. You can build a wood fire in your backyard and that may be possible. But you do need to expect to be eating some raw beaver during that time. It's speaking from experience raw beaver is pretty good. Right, Eddie? And you can learn more about this from getting my new book. Eating Beaver raw. Hey, Eddie. That's not the beaver I was talking about. This is Wisconsin Al for Trappen Beaver. See you again. 1115 at 560 WQM on a coma inducing day here in a big city. Here's our last call at the mobile and for Lauderdale. Hello. You. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's getting I respect the security officer. I was shot in the Metcorail. And I'd say I hope the case has come by with shouting. Yeah. Yeah, that takes care of our calls for the day. Thank you. Nice being with you. I guess I am going to be this thing by a Rick Stangle from Time Magazine since you people have got nothing to say. And since I guess I can't talk about this again today because there's nothing else that anybody has got any interest in. Boy, talk about a bunch of deadheads. Rick Stangle who's an MSNBC contributor, by the way. Oh, he says, let the myth rest in peace getting over our obsession with the Kennedy Saga. This is from the internet from yesterday. Says John Kennedy, he didn't use the Middle and the Scholar the Junior Norshadwee. Was a smart ride charmingly self-deprecating man, one of the most famous last things in the world. He's died much too early, but please let us not turn his death into something as life was not. Let us not turn it into the Orgy of sediment and commerce of mindless mythologizing and keep emotionalism that we saw with Princess Diana. Let us not make his funeral into some grand but erasov state occasion presided over by solemn anchors looking for the right words. But I suppose that's impossible. Television, the only heart we all gather around in moments of national import will meet milk his death for all its worth. It'll become a signature television event wherever you when you heard Yadiyati. The anchors of the evening news and the morning shows are already sitting in their directors chairs in high-end support. They've already asked the excruciatingly indelicant questions that passed for journalism and asked them of people who are all too eager to answer and talk about what they hardly know or suspect the carry on birds have landed. The problem is we secretly like tragedy, the griefs understood this in so-ded Shakespeare. Watching a tragedy unfold is cathartic for the viewers, especially since we can go home safe and sound afterwards. And if that tragic figures already famous, well that is the most media combustible combination. Television and the tabloid press have made us in a nation of warriors and there's something profoundly and disturbingly absorbing about the funerals of the famous, just try to stop people from watching. The relentless focus on John Kennedy's death shows our nation in its least flattering aspect, note how the networks never omit the middle initial or the final junior. The attention paid to the Kennedy family reveals, once again, our vestigial longing for a royal family. That feeling is as old as the Republic. Many of the framers wanted to call the president of the United States his highness or his excellency. Fortunately, we opted for more democratic title of Mr. President. But we create world he word did not exist before. We see it in our current presidential race where the two early far runners are both C. Eskiyau, what is that word of early political vines these? George W. Bush is the son of one person, Al Gore, who holds the job that was considered a apparent by the founders is the son of a distinguished senator. The whole point of America was to rid ourselves of aristocratic privilege and here it is, making back due under the guise of democracy. And it is our own apathy and disengagement. That is the blame. Our addiction to the Kennedy family is both unbedocratic and infantilizing. How many times have we already read about the curse or myth of the Kennedy? The curse is the part in part the result of a bunch of young men who have a predilection for doing some very dumb things like skiing backwards or flying after dark on a hazy night without being an experienced enough pilot. The Greek analogies of Icarus who's hubris caused them to fly too close to the sun and melt his wings. The ancient Greeks understood that a curse was not something outside of us but something we do to ourselves. The myth of the Kennedy is one that we create ourselves and we can constantly and it's simply but not believing it. Let us do so now. So this kind of thing is speaks to a lack in our own lives. It's a desperately set event for those closest to him but let us not turn it in the many of the grieving that we saw in England over Diana. That's a gesture to the nation of people whose lives only had meaning when linked however distantly to some symbolic figure. When your life is too small you look for something grand to attach it to. Let's just make our lives a little larger instead. John Kennedy was ironic about the celebrity culture he was born and do. He was partly amused by it partly a Paul Biden and he was just learning converted to his own advantage. I think he would have been alarmed by the media tempest. John Kennedy had dignity in life. Let us not take it from him in death. Let him rest in peace. Amen. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. God. Nice going Rick and thanks to a refractory that again. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Okay sir. Hope you don't mind me switching gears here on you. Switching gears on above we have no calls here today. I mean you're going to okay with me. Okay. I was just left my house and I was watching a CBN this morning. I don't know if you ever watched that like the 700 club how they tried it. They tried it. They tried it this guy at CBN to make it look like a real news program like CNN or date. Yeah, they're looking to Christian. Right. They don't say the nice. They don't they don't they kind of hide it so that it looks like a real news program. You don't even realize that you're watching a Christian broadcast and news network until five minutes into it or whatever if you just flip it around. That's just 1.9. The second thing was this morning they had it like a 15 20 minute piece on almost sexuality. And I was just. What is the price? Oh yeah, they they re broadcast it is very interesting is they re broadcast it. I think I'd love an o'clock the same one tonight if you're interested in it. Thanks. But anyway, we're just talking about how they just had a bunch of people on there who convert it. Who were homeless actually was they were saying that it's like it's like alcoholism that it you can change if you want to. It was just pretty hilarious. It's a dog you might get a kick out of it. They were they gave a lot down the CBN now for. Well, they better hope they don't convert because if we do they won't have any they won't have any subject matter. We know skick goats anymore. So they better hope it doesn't happen. I thought I got you okay. Great. Okay. One call left in the board. I guess they're going to be no calls today. I guess so you know I could go back in that John Henry thing to but my waste my time when it's obvious to nobody cares. 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the 18 T line here's Pomp and O Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I just wanted to kind of show a few months back down to the hospital. They show on now. They're talking about the government. They're going to put attacks on hamburger joint. They'd like to some politicians who'd like to put attacks on hamburger joint. And a thing on the 2020 and John stop. And that's I got pretty upset about that. And they had a thing like three or four things. I know the thing I had on was you know a lot of smoke and a bar anymore. And these guys all these in a teleporney or someplace. And these guys are going broke because once they go to go out and have a drink they can't have a smoke with it. Right. Well the government just keeps telling us what to do. Maybe Ross for over the right thing. Number one growth in the growth industry in this country is the federal government. And I got to go back and clean pools. Okay. I've agreed to Ross Pro's an asshole. Look at sir. 560 50 50 50 50 50. We got a roll up for slaves in doo doo doo. Look under the hood. If the engineer working just look under the hood and fix it. Here was a man that talked more crap. I mean it's just un-inconsivable to me that anybody could come on and just talk nonstop glittering generalities which is why even a wooden statue like Al Gore decimated him when they had the debate. Remember that? Just made a monkey out of him. A fool out of him. Even Larry King even that ass-talking Larry who made Ross Pro into the whatever it was that he became by putting him on here 50 million times. Even he was astonished. Even he had to put his lip away for about two seconds. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Are you buddy? Okay. I'm going to change place a little bit with you. Fish food. Yeah. Still on the diet or you eat it again. I'm not eating any ice cream now sir. No more. You know the story behind fish and fish food? Yes. And later with the band? Yes. Santa woman? No. No. No. Okay. I'll try to eat it for the life where you need to find it. Okay. Have a great day. Oh. The pain is so great and it's only 11.25. I think I need to go see that doctor right now. Like tell him it's an emergency. I mean I know it's boring. And so maybe that's why I hang one on vacation again. Like just a few days after came back from his last one. Do you manage today or two? Yeah. Maybe Joe Constell would like you to auto talk from my noddle to a clock. Come on. Come on in here and take over outside over in the corner there. Go and like that. I'll stick my thumb in my. Who is? Wow. 56050560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's your great to be in South Florida. Number time. Oh yeah. See I realized I never thought about it before until I went to the track last night. The people that were moaning and growing that there wasn't going to be anybody there. Because as a starting this just these last few days. This month from like the middle of July until like a month and a half till the end of August. This is the most deadly of them all in South Florida. They're all pretty deadly. But this is the all time worst. And so as a result that must be just a coincidence. That's why the the mayor decided July 29 on a Thursday when we never have elections. Anyone who is going to be a really great day to sneak it in election there. But he can get all his people down there and try to put over this penny sales tax. Anybody think so? Yeah. I think it might have been. Like I said Jim Manage. You two we got to talk in baseball with Donny B who wouldn't know a hockey announcer if he stuck his finger deep inside of his rectum. And then we got 630 the a pregame the a braves at the Marlins again tonight. Marlins one another game and the interest. Oh, want to build that stadium for John Henry. Oh, looks by the way in that picture in the paper day like he's sucking on a person. Why to see John Henry sucking on a person and open up your whatever paper that's in today. Got a lovely picture of him with that big sucking look. Talk dirty to me. And I'll time for language lesson of the day repeat after me. Me for pa. Stop it in Albanyo. Oh, it's up for seedly. I'll go with some where to I eat which means my father must have been in the bathroom either that or something died in there. I'll still up on. It's on the 31 at five 60 W to Q a m. I think next time my mother comes over to babysit the dogs instead of like leaving candy wrappers buried in the garbage just to make sure she doesn't have to like go digging to the garbage. Rifling through whatever hell of a rush use. I think what I'll do is leave some things out on the but not the wrappers. I'll leave the candy bars out there run on the kitchen table. You think they'll still be there when I get back. Oh, no. The same person that's trying to poison people with sugar that they're not aware of like sticking sugar to God damn sauce for the shrimp. Which I had to bring that out of the car. I like sugar and bring in mumbled bread to where neighbor upstairs has got diabetic neuropathy nice going. I was rummicking to his car a bitch. Here's the for waterdale. Hello. Okay sir. You got John Henry's an apple. And I'm I will never go to a mariles game. I don't care if the stadium fee paid for it or the public pays for the course I care about that. Yeah. Yeah. It's even Wayne on the packed air crapping get to hell out of here. But you know, it's an interesting thing in this Jose Land beat the south road inside of this gossip column this morning. It says Marlon Zoner John Henry high-telling out of a Fort Latterio Rotorbe club meeting Wednesday to fly to Alaska. His 165 a yacht. His 165 foot yacht is more than Juno Lalsco. Okay. Here's a guy that's a multi-billionaire that's got a 165 foot yacht in Juno Lalsco. And he's expecting the public to help him build a stadium because you don't want to lose any money with a baseball team. That nobody forced into buy. And then here on the same newspaper they have the front page at the local section is that picture of him sucking a per seven. Henry will pitch for new stadium in Broward counter planning to be more aggressive. And of course once the attack spares to help him build it. Yes. He's probably the dying for it. Yes, right. Nobody cares. I'm trying out his terrible. All these guys are a bunch of asshole over pay. Jocks to batting two ten. Right. It's a bunch of mine because they did all this expansion. What you have is a bunch of minor leagueers in major league uniforms. They're still minor leagueers. It's all water down. That's why you find all your guys hitting the 50 and 60 and 70 home runs now. Instead of pro players, they should call a pro prospect stadium. There you go. It's ridiculous. And Wayne, here's a guy who got a stadium built. And the Panthers are going to suck. He's an asshole. He's got a hatchet man in there. He don't give a crap. He just cares about the bottom line. And we know that. And he knows, unfortunately, there are enough suckers that he took. But I'd play stuff. I don't ask me. I can't figure it out. And you know something? Brian Murray. Oh, they also go on a boat and go find Kenny in the middle of the lake. You know, ridiculous already. Okay. Oh, oh, oh, she. Five six seven. Five six seven. Oh, sorry. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. On a AT&T wireless line. She wants you to start doing that. It's hard to stop. That's why we had to get dinner to retire because the spokesman. You couldn't say she should really anymore. You got tired of saying that. Very embarrassing. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. From Manaclach until 10 o'clock when they went off here this morning. The entire town. I'm glad you're reason why you're whispering or. On my work. Oh. Okay. Oh. Was. Does the millennium start. And. And. And. And. How are we. We're talking about who's the day Rick Riley. And he insisted that it was 2000 and everybody else around him. Kept on him 2001. Yeah. He spent an entire hour on those. I don't know about 70 weeks ago. We did that in the show. Exactly. Oh, huh. We're quietly. Is a douche bag. Okay. Thanks for the good news. All right. But we have a lot of things to do today. But I hope this is something to be done to you. And I think we're going to do it early. And this is what we're talking about. It's going to be a good news. And please. So. The answer is. That's actually a lot of the computer. Expert. And I've told you this before, but we're over in passing. We had all fancy equipment. Nobody know how to make it work, and the computers kept to break and down crashing all the time. And he had more trouble with him and anybody. Remember that couldn't get anything straight. Now, but he's supposed to be the expert. Of course, I know that if I want to buy some stocks. I'll call up Rick. all right pay them by my time in the town right now ready to move on out yeah but uh... you see my america store i'm on tv last night i wouldn't watch mirage on my mind like a book i don't need to see him again unbelievable pitch and for this teny failed act but uh... i hope i hope it loses like four to one i hope it loses so overwhelming that such a massive rejection and repudiation by the people of this county who've been led down the garden past so many times before the mirage dear i'm taxes bags and goes back out to leo where every one to the first time and don't ever show his ugly pussy again i just hope it it shows the county government it's such an overwhelming thing that people just vote for it against it and it's it puts them in embarrassment and god bless you so and wrote a vote early often before you leave those absentee balance there's always coming handy you've been from the dead people especially in my middle let's get all those people that voted for mayor swaris former mayor swaris five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on i mean how much energy to take to say no i mean yes that requires a little bit more uh... you know like listen yeah see that requires a energy but no hey that's the simple so like nancy ragan said just say oh to the crooks and date county and the mayor that belongs behind bars for trying to be far the public for the unteamed time here's north by me hello hello yes sir new yes i am long time listener all right uh... i don't understand how can you be talking about sagas today when the community claims being buried how who can be you use most of us meaning what what does that mean well i don't know you know a nice guy a Kennedy family that's a family how many days i think i think we're reading an article about it sir i just got through reading an article i heard it uh... what would you like to talk about i'd like to talk about why you're not talking about the national uh... he'd like to talk about why i'm not talking about the Hebrew queers whatever was it he said what he said five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line here's a lady in four loiterdale hello you yes ma'am how are you today great that's good i got a couple things first of all uh... my house and i was a satin by the fact that john kennie died but we're not overwhelmed we've walked very little of the covered and it's like very much move on that's the first second one they've already been cremated all three of them they put their ashes out to see you know why can't we move on with life and you'd like this last ask all this last bigoted the end of all that saw why i just got to read this four pages i know i've heard that i think it was a great article and some that i've more eloquently than i ever could and why can't we now move on and stop trying to live some by curious life to somebody famous in woodsy it's because like you said uh... he's always going to be that's for your old little boy this will be into his father's coffin to people i mean i was three years old when kennie died but i and i have memories in my mom dark house four days in a row but he's always going to be that little three year old and let's say put how many pictures have you seen it in as that three year old or under the back it's just the way people want to remember and that's it but now i need to get it that's not the way i remember him oh no i think you probably not and there's really i mean you haven't had a chance if he was going to make a mark as a kennie he hadn't done it yet so the only thing you have to remember and by it when he was little here and and that's what why is that i don't know we saw his picture eight minute times whether he wanted to see or not on front airy god damn magazine we saw eight billion words about George magazine which was a money uh... losing proposition for the very weak circulation of four hundred thousand readers i don't i don't get that i i read on either we really talk about living in the can and why you know why in addition which most people in the society most of the people in this audience don't remember him saluting the casket don't remember him sitting under the god damn libestia the oval office because they were born then and that but you know what if you if you weren't born and i like i said i was i was three one candidate was assassinated that's your first memory whether it happens when you're seven or eight that's the first thing you remember when you start hearing about oh pregnant assassinated if you see those because of john john on the need to do absolutely in the casket he's a candidate and and with the name candidate goes certain rights and privileges as society's son of the word son of the president and can't drive that of a drug overdosed at we there was a big deal about see where we had to do the same stuff again that's not true i had a lot of your your your your absolutely right i guess when my for candidate had the skin accident and died in skittes the uh... the uh... got a was dittling the babysitter he there was no big son that it's about that it didn't last two minutes to cover jibbout that he was as much of a candidate as anybody else wasn't romanticized and john john was always a john candidate union will always be a romanticized figure in the in most people's minds because he was related to who john what was john the president of the united states of america yeah i don't know i don't understand it either but i need to take the subject for one quick second and if you ever please um... have you ever considered going to stay on the eastern the adria coast in italy no now it's too close to you was lobby i really because of this and beautiful little towns all along that right along the area now well i have a great day for the right stay out from under that desk five six seven five sixty i'm a you know you're you're doing your thing man i mean you think whatever you think that's fine i just uh... all i can say yeah twenty four million five sixty w q a m i'll tell you that kind of call before about fish food and i mean what is it really so you know it's the best i can't get the tip of an invented all right this is gorton liady and they don't come any worse than new rockers all the stuff i'll tell you now i can't wait i got a god i pray to no god to throw i can't feel my patchy flow yeah i hate to tell you so i can't wait i gotta go i'm back now all my hands and me let's together tiny sweet you bet they'll know where in this bag all i don't use that tessy child so i'm a blood of will explode all the child scored scored 14 till noon at five sixty you mean it's not even 12 o'clock yet holy crap well i'm enjoying this pretty almost square even though it's not lit up i'm just oh i shouldn't be keeping in my mouth isn't that right is that what they said before i'm going to keep two on it and a cigar either five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrless line here's my amy hello you know yes sir hey don't okay yeah my girlfriend walked in and she sat because they're putting john john's ashes in the sea there's not going to be a grave say where people can go and visit thank god maybe she can just throw some flowers in the Atlantic that maybe all the transatlantic flights what they can do for the next several months he's just kind of as you as you're taking off just crack the window a little bit or maybe just open a door just a little crack it like everybody go off to the front and drop some flowers out before you get sucked out of the plane uh i agree um eight couple things um this tiny sales tax if they are if they don't need surveys that kind of on my greener power what is it to see what to see what it's like lead a power i have no idea whether they have their any poles that are probably sitting on them okay and and what are that i think i try to call you about this a few days ago that a payphone a payphone crap out i got a buddy uh he um he's 33 years old and he uh he just married a 16 year old girl last year he just turned 16 and uh you know he loves her very much i'm not making light of any of that of course but but uh it seems with these these are the who these credit toy rape laws that you know as long as you have the blood thing in the lord through marriage you can you can be bang in 13 year old i guess i don't know really what i mean how does that wrong with two bed rolling pelan ski didn't know that i have no idea i don't know how that worse but maybe somebody does well it's just interesting i just want to run that bite all right now we can do thanks for the good news five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen and t-warlas line here's my email oh yes sir what's going on not a thing man it that is a door nail of course and some relic you can smell it oh yeah how about this stadium the never gonna build no baseball stadium i sure hope not course not to joke the never build a baseball stadium in my hand why is in my amy what about in broad never how do you know that because two years from now there will be no more baseball on southward uh nine oh that's a hard long six thousand people at the game you know yeah there's no people at the game well i got well and you have no payroll but there is a make well john Henry said oh on the um well i'm Henry's broke the um oh and Alex yeah he's broke that's why he went up to Alaska to the 165 foot yacht maybe he's gonna sell it he's broke bye bye okay hey broke break this jackass five six seven oh five sixty see you know people ask me what i do for eleven i tell my new a talk show on the radio and say well what kind of talk show is that i said i talk the assholes for four hours every day no i i tell people that i actually what i say is i talked to crazy people for four hours every day i don't say asshole because when you first meet somebody stranger on a plane you don't want to say asshole because then i take it personally you know no i always tell them that i talked to crazy people for hours every day is that when i get paid for yes so thanks for not letting me down by the way especially this last guy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and T. wireless line here's Fort Latterdale hello five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and T. wireless line is for continued the suits for the ultimate troops of the universe and a guarantee you'll find a right on talk radio make no mistake about that are we finding them today you bet here's a mobile in bokeh hello yes sir this loop of voices of patterns ticks oh i finally got a call on this two hours later when i get a call on jigsman dottle which most people here don't know him from old McDonald well he is old well he is old i only read the yeah in the papers morning about him i have never heard of is it fair to compare him to let's say remorning well remorse better in jigsman dottle yes yeah and it could just McDonald person to tell of his story is strictly radio now he has done tell of his new day he did mostly TV in the past oh but here he's gonna be strictly radio right okay he's weak he's weak he's old he's old and he's boring he's got that i mean he's not i mean he's better than Chris more which uh is okay but he certainly doesn't make the game exciting he's not gonna create any new hockey fans he's uh old and more now he's a burnout hello it's a pattern could have done better yes very good i listen to some of the tapes that they had a couple of tapes and you know if they weren't gonna give it to guilty there were some other guys that had more experience than guilty and we had some tapes from great people so really good announcers so instead of bringing in somebody new they bring back an old tired guy because he's got this in says socialization ship from built story from 100 years ago in the uh New York with the islanders and so that's why they bring in him in here it's very very sad and he lives up the coast to he's gonna place up a hudgeon's house right yeah well all remains to be so we see won't have far to go when we send of home you guys have a great third fellow okay and like i said it's not personally is a good guy but he just sucks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATC mediocrity we love mediocrity here that's what this town is generally based on that's what Wayne is all about those same boring guys they all look like Dean Jordan they all smell like Dean Jordan still had those same boring uh i don't even know what the color of that suit he had one suit that he always used to wear before he ran uh off to where every went to the shelter somewhere kind of like a brindle brown they all have that same kind of dull the like that and that's uh the high-pingo organization and of course John have a he ain't no different just so that he just a wannabe just another guy who wanted to play toy because he's got a lot of money here's a mobile-in-four-later deal hello Neil yes sir guys speaking if you are good if you are God you will not allow that little Leo the caprio to be on the next god for the next god hit to break the news to you but Mario Puso died there isn't gonna be any next god father have a nice day do these people read a news paper oh they listen to a news can't I'm gonna wonder how dropping sugar ashes from cremated bodies in the ocean other than that do they ever know get with it get with it wake up and step the daffodils okay Mario Puso is dead oh let me say it again that was just a couple of weeks ago a man who had a much greater impact on most of our lives am I right about that god father parts one two and three one of the classic epic of motion picture and also of course the book was even better than the movie which he wrote did anybody make a big sentence about that just barely got any mentioned Mario Puso I mean he wasn't a good looking young guy he wasn't on the picture about a couple of glamour magazines and of course uh Puso he was one of those grease balls you know which I thought we like grease balls I do I like the Italians what's wrong with that love the Italians just like that senator from the vatica the Italians are great people and I got to go now because my hook is waiting in the motel you know that senator won't see him the more see that like what's the point I would see I feel like I got sucked into this again the same thing I've been doing the other three days and I keep rehashing like I'm trying to convince people I'm not going to convince them I know what the story is I know which side it's buttered on but the overwhelming majority of people out there it's the it's the America of the 90s that that's all I know is whatever television teaches them is important that's important and that woman before that was talking to China I don't know what she was talking about about she was three years old then which you remember those pictures of john john uh yeah saluting and under the uh desk how can you be three years old and you remember that I don't remember anything from when I was three years old are you the earliest memories I had was when I fell down and hit my head when I was five years old and I started to scar my forehead and rock is to run okay terrorists in the first house we live in I fell down on the rocks we had like a real rocky thing outside our side door I fell down and hit my head and here's the scar and that's it that's the earliest memory I've got I remember chasing ducks with a squircon and then I remember carrying that cat up the street on okay terrorists the one that my arms and I've hated cats ever since yeah didn't number write my arms and I've had the version to push you ever since here's a mobile in Miami hello hey no I'm so great um I don't blame john Henry or Eisenhower any of these guys I blame the politicians in the public if they would just stand up and say look no not using any money that's it because Henry he's just getting a free lunch I can you turn down the free meal after you know this is the same guy who said that if the public wouldn't build it he would so let's tell him put up our shot up okay you want to keep your crappy team here fine so you said you build a thing you go ahead you work it out and then you put up the money and leave us alone well that's a great idea but remember what happened in Arizona the public voted against building the stadium and the commissioners went ahead and did it anyway some guy went into the office and so shot the bitch right in the head that's true yeah and you know and and that's what it's the public will means nothing because these politicians are sucking up to the rich guys and unless it means that they're not going to get reelected that's the only thing they know I know that if I will wealthy enough that of 165 put yacht more than juvenile Alaska then I be running around asking the taxpayers they help me build a stadium for my play toy well if they do it would you take the money yes yes there you go FNA okay have a great day god bye that's what they need to learn to start doing next next Thursday's a good day to practice just say no no no just to practice makes it so easy no why do you women out there sure you got a lot of practice yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line four minutes to loon here in Death Valley days and it is man it is so deadly you can smell it you can feel it mmm you now we me The power of the way it gets all was a chance, thing how. Hey, it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on. We're in hell, that's true. Hey, it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on. We're getting the hell, but shank you, now how about you? Nice to meet you. Someone wanted 560 WQM, we got 1600 open lines on him, but that's okay. We're rolling along. We're already halfway up the hill and now it's all downhill from here. 560, 50560, palm 560, on a mobile one line, Jim Mandiff for the vacationing Hank Goldberg at two. I'll tell you what thing, Hank's no dummy. He sure knows when to hell a good idea here, as often as possible. Here's a mobile and north Miami, hello. Yeah, I was going on. Yes sir. I'm sure the candy, you know, I mean it's funny because if I, you know, if I had listened to you, I think I was tough going on and normal, how they're carrying on, carrying on, carrying on. It is so sick and so disgusting and it's still going on right now. They won't let it go. They're putting the ashes in the ocean and they still won't let go of it. How much more is there to say they're dead? It's tragic. It was an accident. They're dead. Good people die every day. Let them rest in peace. The fun thing, I got a neighbor here, you know, just, just, just, check with the excess, we'll be able to cap real and stuff with everything that, you know, I'm not saying that, you know, I'm saying that's going on in the media and that you saw the next door crying. Oh my god, I can't believe it's so sad. Well, the kind of people, the kind of simple things who are obsessed with Leo to Caprio, those are the people right now who are crying and carrying on like this is something important because those are morons. Exactly. Well, I think, one of these, all these people are going to cry for this new stadium. And do you know if people have kids? These people realize they're overcry of the school's are and overcry of the jail's are? They don't care about that. You better get your priorities straight, Mr. We don't care about that. It's amazing. That's right. Did you ever find all the sticks around? I ever find one? All the sticks around? No. You play father of school? Okay. We'll do it. See, say how to father or tool at the bottom of the pool? Well, that was bad. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, just heard you guys talk about chicken with Donald. I had a question about that. Yes, sir. Is he still, is Denny Potton still going to be doing an anything? Yeah, on TV. Potpans with Rimmer on TV. Oh, so, jigs is doing the radio. He was doing the radio and I assume that Randy Moller is still doing the color. I'm guilty. He will be like doing whatever this he does on a broadcast. Okay, because I just caught part of it on the radio. What are you thinking, Jigs? I don't know. I grew up on Long Island watching him. I know what he's like. I know he could be a real bore sometime. Uh-huh. And I was just wondering if he was going to be working with Potpans, maybe they'd be some chemistry there, but I guess if he's on the radio and that's something. I got to use the story, sir. They could bring in 50 gallons of sulfuric acids, stick it in Denny's potpan. Right, though. There's still wouldn't be any chemistry, okay? He is terminal. If you look up the word, Dullard, if you look at dumb frog in the dictionary, you'll see his picture next to it. And have a great day. All right, Neil. 560, 560. I shouldn't have said that, you know, because Denise, he's very sensitive. I feel really, really sick. I'm sorry. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We're waiting on your baby. We're waiting on the 50 million calls that I got to come in here. And you don't know what the problem is this week. I guess I really, I lost my senses this week. I should have come on here and done the popular thing. See, when I come on, and I say what is I think, I don't care whether it's popular, on popular, mainstream, whatever. I do what I say what I think. But I guess I should have probably sucked up to everybody and just gone right into this thing. Oh my God, the Kennedy's in Camelot and what a tragedy this is. And how are we going to survive? And this young man certainly would have been a senator and probably the next president. And yeah, I should have just come on and bullcraft everybody. Because that's where that's where all the money is. That's where the popularity is. Is going in there with the mainstream and just sucking on to everybody's button. Fine, and I will, you know, you know, it reminds me of I was thinking about this this morning, driving the work. I don't know what made me think about it. About people who think that they're hip or cool. Oh, I know what it was. I saw a thing on TV and actually the first time I ever actually saw it in print. SUP, which is not short for supper, okay, for all you old thoughts out there. You know, it used to be what's up. And then if we came, TSUP, stop. And now it's just SUP. So if you really want to be hip and cool, you have to keep up with the latest Lingo from all these degenerates out there on the street, all these illiterates. And it's the same thing with shaking hands. See, I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people. I learned a long time ago that when you shake your hand, you stick your hand out. Somebody else puts your hand. You squeeze it a little bit, not too much. No finger around there. I'll pop. And that's it. That's how you shake somebody's hand. Not anymore. And if you watch sports, this is the best one, okay? Because every five minutes, even within a baseball game, between the first thing in the night, they have developed some new ways to high five, lower five, they've got the fist on the Fit and a hand in your wrist and a hand in your hand. I mean, I'm sorry. I can't, yeah, the elbow on the elbow, the elbow on your back. I can't keep up. I have no desire to keep up. I'm not interested in the drug brother's grip. You know, I watch young people shake hands. And I ask myself, how is this that they know when they're finished? Do you know what I'm saying? How do they know when they've done the last thing? What are fingers like this? And how do they, are they sure? Because it all depends on the person that you're shaking the hand with. How hip and how cool they are and what happens if they're hip or in cooler than you are, then you look like a jackass. And you know something that people who want to be hip and cool, they're very sad. Because they're desperate to show to everybody how hip and cool they are. And just like these Pardellinore was squared, that's how square they are. Makes me nauseous. Yeah, we got that. That's a good one. That's one of my favorites for the elbows. That's great. 560, 560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. 13 minutes, 51 seconds later. Long gone. Let's try sunrise. Hello. Yes sir. I've been listening on enough this morning because I've been in the house. Did anybody talk to you about the channel 10 special to the world of the series? I'll call vanished. No. Tonight is Madeline Muriel here. Yeah. You're going to talk about her disappearance. Really? Yeah. What time's that on? 10 o'clock. All right. Okay. And you see those in article on the paper the other day about some guy that, with a turned up a bag of like all these gold coins that had belonged to her. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly the way our way we have it anyway, morning about that exactly. Madeline more. Good luck with the Guti piece of the human race. In one of those mountains running towards that scene. Just Micheal Umber is taking over abnormal research. Dude. Man, let them let them all shake it. But I want you to know about that truth. Thanks, I appreciate it. God bless you. I'm sorry, I'm that little one like that. 560, 505, 60. God damn it. And Tom 560 on a mobile one line. Yeah, how cool can you be, man? How cool can you face up, stop. And those are those young people that get sucked into that. You know what? You know why I say to myself every time I listen to that and I hear it. Not that I'm some old-fuddy-nuddy, like George thinks the old man, which is his favorite way to refer to me. What's great, love, fuddy-nuddy. No, no, that's not the point. The point is that all of this stuff is so superficial and so meaningless and you know what it is. It means nothing. It means absolutely nothing. But you see, we have to have, we have to separate the generations. We have to have, if we don't have a real generation gap, we have to invent new ones. Because it's real good marketing, you know? It's real good that way. But if you were certain kind of clothing, if you were your pants out of your knees, which I don't mind that, by the way. Yeah, that's one of the new styles that's not too bad. Don't like those baggy pants. But if you got a doubt around your knees, hey, you know what they call that? Like for the handicap, easy access. P, you still have those biggest assholes. Oh, wow. Tell them where you got your tall man. Tell them where you got your tall man. Thank you. Thank you. Oh! In my estimation, these girls will win it all. A world-top celebration, because they graze with the fuck up all. The US organization, got the best kids in my year-round. Still defeat any nation, from Australia, to Iran. The girls come from everywhere, from Oregon, up to Maine. To blame before not to pass the new makeups go insane. And now there's going again. You wear jeans that fast, but loving the ladies so good. She just has this will go down. We're loving the ladies' tacos. The girls will not be feeling like New York's dicker, but you're going to get the fuck out of here. No, they're really slow down. Loving the ladies' tacos. Loving the ladies' tacos. Loving the ladies' tacos. Oh yeah. Those aren't 18, those aren't homsters. Pro-15 and 560, WQAM, 560, 50560, Pant 560 on a mobile online. We're kicking some serious, spectrum, mostly are all in, but that's okay. I'm used to it. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, I went to the gym, and I was just, I was just a bit dumb. I took my pants on. I had a dick in my gild. It's coming here. I grew up falling out. I grew up on Pennsylvania. Actually the Polk and I was watching Maryland. There's a channel that he was the most boring. Right. The bland. I'm in a red bland. I'd say that's exactly the word bland. He's a horrible footing. He actually did work for sports channel when they did the play-off. I really used the worst I've ever heard he's a tie between him and more. And he's dreadful. I can't believe that. I haven't shot these in gentlemen. gentlemen here are the adjectives used to do not to describe the new radio play by play voice of the panther should we? and whatever you should just retiree is awful yeah this guy I can't believe isn't that pathetic and again it goes to show you it's not clear talent it's who you know and who you suck up to because him in military obviously have this incestuous relationship it's the disgrace that they brought this man here to do this job and one more thing is can you want to listen to compound what does this compound crack? the Kennedy compound I thought that was for words ever great day pal isn't that for words compound w 560560 compound 560 on the mobile one line enough of the fricking Kennedy's okay go get a Kennedy sandwich or something do anything with it just leave me alone with the fricking Kennedy's and like a you know I can only imagine because you know there are millions of people who despise the Kennedy's almost to a point of irrationality but that's just the way it is and maybe in some cases justifiably like the old man I can only imagine how those people must feel now because of somebody who admired the Kennedy's for the most part all the way think more objectively than most American but uh... i mean i'm just grossed out unknowied it i'm uh... to say that i'm saturated would be an understatement so the people that despise the Kennedy's those people reason why not hearing from them as they have like checked out they just like john john their under the desk and they're not coming out until the closest clear they've got the canvas thing over their heads and they'd like an october's they got their head buried in the sand please let me know when this is over tap me on a shoulder when i'll come back and uh... get some relief from this craziness here's my amy hello hello yes man i'm a long time mister and i'm one you're crazy listeners but i want i want uh... i want to tell two people their dish bank okay great okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line what you say here's uh... mobile info a lot of day hello uh... bill yes sir how you doing great fan of your first all right uh... on vacation on the on the way i'm going to come to the far end of the year in you uh... i want to put my opinion on the caddy uh... new i'm a who you don't my amy and uh... i would think that uh... it's that would happen to me and i got a lot of the industry with a plan to crash yeah there was a they wouldn't even are you know the energy that i think i thought that on the on the the way they probably would do was that the coast guard will answer you all to some of the cuban raffers hey by the way why you're out there when you look around and see if you can find that guy i think he's floating around on their shoulders even you if you would have been if you would have been an update and you would have gone and it ends schwierig key hybrid Yeah, I don't have money that we have to spend just to bring it to drop that's a flush It's one of you know exactly Got that user and I want to hear you talk about what about we began And we can we get Okay I want to I want to all these songs, okay, okay, you got it. Have a great day You want to hear all of those things is what he said what's wrong with that And we K they must have a different while I know they have different musical versions because I got them on the CD But they must have a different video and updated by alamos The one where he keeps pulling the shirt up and he keeps like you know doing things And we K okay, I will even if he ring this is pretty weak 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on a mobile one line and then that bill from four miles there with a comment about what he say about all is Gross working grease ball Speaks whatever he was talking about you must be hang on around parts of town bill not too many to good looking Julios come over here to the trailer park I guess Here's a mobile in four-later Dale. Hello. Hey Dale. Yes, sir. Talk about the Panthers organization the organization They hire all the same types of looking guys Blanc, you know what that word is oh William Go I am yeah, that's why I'll tell you what they think that could I think if I'm out there Remor and Gelldy were Jewish course you think with name like Goldstein they would know in Gellies case, but when they found that out they said oops The two late now. They're gonna have two mint churches doing Panther games For kids never gonna happen. Yeah, yeah, that's the only problem a good. That's a good point. I never thought about that Graham they all want the most grayish organ that they all look at that Dean Jordan professional goal You look you absolutely correct just keep saying that word. Okay. Thank you. Just keep saying good 560 5050 5050 come on you can do it good and pound five 60 on a mobile one one How about the women we heard from any women today? Oh, that crazy lady Lots of color friendly times by the way for what we don't do douche bags for people that have no material Okay, I want to give me a call and have a just a little bit of a material fine But don't try to use my show as a conduit to try to make a submissive with some jackass friend of yours Call them up on the phone and say hey you're a jackass you reduce bag you're gonna ask all whatever or better yet go knock on their door And see how far they knock your false teeth flying Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale hello Well, I'm telling you I'm just having a bitch of a day mobile in Fort Latterdale Okay, yeah, well now that I hear that strange sound thank you very much for waiting by the way We got a real patient crowd today Yes, oh this cigar keep chewing on it You know something I am gonna line up with a bad thing because I'm chewing on this all day is kind of a protest Since nobody else out there cares about this That the FTC wants to clamp down on cigars and put all kind of warnings and make illegal radio and TV advertising the cigars I mean as much as we love nicks and they love us if if they should do that Snicks will survive and we'll survive. We got a waiting list of people are one advertised if it's not from a self-restant point like that It's just that when you finally get tired of your government regulating your life every single damn thing we do and then the things where they ought to be doing more Regulation like they got damn diet of the American public they're like in Lala land. Oh, yeah. Well, we're too busy for that Of course we got the president who eats and McDonald's all the time is big max, but he does love us cigars. Here's a mobile in Marko Island, hello I do pretty good sir Got the secret handshake When I was in the military are they secret? I thought only the motions today. I don't know But when I was in the military in the 70s when the couple of the brothers would get together I thought they were dancing because they were going through the spiritual Oh, yeah, getting their chest and hitting their pants together and pointing and they call it shopping I think our something to start like that, but I thought it was some kind of a secret ritual. I don't know their chopping on it They were chopping on it. Yes, sir. They were another thing That's what we're talking about. They're saying Trump all the time. Yeah, Trump on this Of course they've an update. I will come back to call you a couple weeks ago But apparently he's working for Fox 4 and he's doing the Rosing reporter thing and he had a story on and adult gay Meadest camp Near four miles and he looks shit shot Trying to pop to the whole line man Trying to talk to full man and came to the trailer naked I'll tell you again. I'm not really sure what it was. She'll stop is what he said. Yeah One thing about beautiful Mark O'Low and about your government influencing people on Mark O'Low and if you have ground owls on your vacant pot The environmentalist comes down and they put little Fixed the ground and orange barricade tape all around it and tell you that they will persecuting You've got to be just by the build a house and there's locked it in ground owls are protected. Yeah Who the And blow free shuttle make it okay? Okay, I know we got old problem there. It's that phone five six seven O five six deep on maybe the phone a screw it up again. They we just haven't figured it out yet That's certainly could be couldn't it happen many times before this to cheap past joint Hey By the way pizza lost bringing food tomorrow. They don't know it yet because a junior wants food from pizza left What junior you're the best close personal. Oh I don't be messing with him. He's taking enough group. You know I'm gonna tell you the scene that I saw here yesterday with his Chris Reed business the nephew I mean he's I'm not gonna say he's not a bad guy because at this point of the game I'm just I wonder about these people All these little children that run around here and when the boss is out of town was you had to come flying back for a tragedy for somebody's funeral But nevertheless and then they're running around here boss and around all the little people are putting the enter and don't even get paid I can't stand that I can't stomach it We got tipsqueaks around here who in their own mind because through a relation or through because they're part of the inner circle or because they have dinner with graves house Right away they're trying like a impressor saw with a tremendous power in authority. They've got there still pipsqueaks That that was pathetic pathetic I didn't hear the story. I don't I can't either drop in there Evidently when the junior was the screen into calls on Hank show one day a few days ago He had somebody call in who became very abusive because you know how they screen He wanted to talk about the the cycling the big whatever hell they call that and Allers getting abusive, I don't believe so. Yeah, right, and so anyway to make a long story short He tried to say well, we don't want to talk about the Hank doesn't know nothing about that is what I'm talking about Then the guy became very abusive and more abusive than start using the effort and if you and the mom on it We'd have had so finally he gave it back to him and finally cut him off after taking much too much abuse Chris Reed comes in over a little bit later Who was the one that screen to call took that call? Because obviously he had gotten the call well, that's a good friend of mine who happened to be a sponsor on his station And you can those people are that's our customers. You can't treat them like that So another was Chris Reed notion of screening calls on his show is that you guys the people are screening the coach She's take a lot of crap from the callers I'll tell you what all the people are want to abuse will put him right through the airline Chris, okay We'll get a direct line and you sit in there say oh yes or yes or whatever you say yes or Yeah, let's get his direct line and we'll put him all through to him all the people who want to be abusive Ticking on the interns Isn't that pathetic? Just like our program director don't have the ball so look anybody in the face and say anything I'll or course if he does have an altercation he'll suspend somebody for two days could just see carrying Marie would like this place It's like ding-dong school in my life I've never worked in a radio station where so many people were being suspended Like it like a silly place like a kidney place. Oh, gee. You picked you nose and a didn't we're gonna suspend you for two days Yeah, but how was it? The world of exploding ball In theaters now from the director of Star Trek and the producer of the spy who shag me? It's the spy who shags? To our make you horny sir. Would you mind explaining that's the thing please? To all the cute horny baby Yes, yes Fascinating but quite impossible No, move easy That's from my anatomy being different than yours I am delighted well there's a lot of relief very long and judging from what we've seen so far I agree hope you The spy who shags? Was shag now or shall we shag the names out? I wonder what Star Trek command will say about that in long and prosper Yeah baby It's been a couple of years About 32 at five sixty wqam's you man Yeah, for Hank it two and we got to a sunny baseball talking the crap at six the pregame at six thirty the marlin's of the brave's again Seven five from pp park tonight and of course John Henry will be there. He's busy in the last gun is 55,000 puty on five six Seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line going to the break every line in the board is lit we come back another are two Man there must be some heavy duty stuff going on and some orgy some wild crap going on. We're just not in on it All summer long Here's Kendall hello Any? Yes sir Is anyone care about the process family or he's cares about the by the goddamn Kennedy's nobody same anything off about about the other families involved in the fight I don't have that kind of money or power man Yeah, I mean I mean all you hear on the news is the spy-assure census talking about the Kennedy's and the Kennedy's this and the Kennedy's that and nobody cares about the success families You know if it's not proved my point right there? Because then on on a huge compound on some boring island out in the middle of nowhere exactly Yeah, I want to say I don't want to congratulate you Neil and thank you for speaking the truth and have a great life Yeah, what you know Rick Sanchez can relate to it because Mary Joe compact me she had a little car problem there Just like they got their Rick head on from the stadium so we can relate to that whole situation I guess 560 560 pound five sixty on a mobile one line. No, I took the wrong tactile like him And I actually said what I thought all week long and that was a bad mistake You have to suck up to the masses out there and put on a big phony act and come in and we could carry out or it's an American tragedy and this is you know I'm feeling so nauseated this while I'm feeling grossed out I'm A pole takes a lot to a pole me. I've seen it all but I'm a pole This one I thought I knew how sick the media was they shocked the living crap out of me and show me that I know even close yet to understand it Port Laterdale hello Neil yes, sir. I looked it up in a dictionary If you have a shed near backyard it qualifies as a compound And what about the guy I can't stick out of the helmet. What's that go ahead the guy from he-haw What's his buck Henry want the new stadium for a dead sport is that incredible? I like that buck Henry I love that if you saw that picture in a son-cental day where it looks like he's sucking on a person And buck Henry would be great under that name. Yeah, I think the only thing that passes is the soccer team They're one in the stadium. I think that would go over bigger especially if we can bring in that women soccer I mean we ever got to WNBA's gonna come in that's gonna fail in about three months. So why not amazing? All right, Neil keep up the good work. Thank you, sir. I mean even when the men soccer goes over here like a Second and pull of all the run a hot day in the middle of hell They're gonna have women soccer here Just keep more stadiums and more arena is more tax money more fan them teams more media Corrected payment just keep subsidizing you know just keep doing huh? No no thanks And then I forget where I was reading which column was but about how important major league baseball is to a Real community as if somehow before we had tomorrow in which is what like eight or nine years ago or seven eight years Whatever was Somehow we didn't said we just couldn't survive without that. How why is that so important? I Think we could we could probably squeak through somehow Not major league baseball here as there know how much better it is to remember. Yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right. Use this suck Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm calm about a Kennedy Yeah, I talk away too much about Well, I think I'm showing you they're gonna be showing those new playboy channels All right, so many on there. They got that new picture of John from the front of George magazine. Have you seen it? Yep only this time he's got his legs wide open up and embarrassing One of the outtakes I guess 560560 don't forget the time green show tonight 30 and MTV now we're talking something important something a little small on your face is time green You know what I got to do? I love the All I needed the tape did you watch it yet? Not yet. That's all right. I'll take them on tonight because I love the opening of the show Isn't that that's one of my favorite parts just the music Yeah, it's yet the music is just perfect for that show. It's just wacky and wiggy and ridiculous enough It does things deep inside my back home Here's a mobile in four-laternill. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am I'm reading about American tragedy. I think up the paper this morning five-year-old shoots a square-old brother and And Asked have a gun laying around his house And Just remember guns don't kill people cigars do yeah exactly like I mean I think we spend a little bit more time Worrying about that and people that have you know control over their own lives like Kennedy did when you went up in that plane Right, I think things would be a lot better off. Okay. Thanks. Hold your breath. Yeah, I have a great day 560560 pound five60 on the thank you 560560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line now. What did they let me ask you this when they call what was called? Oh, I hear everyone talk to Chris Reed when they call what was called? Did they really think it's gonna get down the air when they call what those things? Oh 560560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. I think the word you're looking for sir when you look yourself in a mirror is dumb D when and dumb as in real real Pathetically dumb illiterate stupido Lee cow errands coming look in graduations get alive. Do you or your family suffer from things? The makers of zi fan wants you to know about a mirror called drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various Things zi fan winner of the Department of Health for Steege's longest list of side effects award for two years running Zi fan talk to your doctor today Some swallowing the brain and kittens and lives on a various glands and that same only twice you gave history Attentations and plays a local sip and associated with use of side fan other possible side effects Food signs Disney's loss of boy loss of color loss of keys threatening of a hair a version of swing music zombies and night sweats Talking like Roger either it's your organ exploding head and the galt some patients are reported blood vision Fully talking astray and saying the phrase good to go knock news broken bones Monday I romic a high cholesterol lowest in black packing costs dry. He soft doing sections clock watching and recombies a More significant numbers. I can use your support location about the test bay random loss of you It tells you 10th grade C4 hit twisting of the truth Spine straight in total in the line hit aches muscle and it's Claudican is gas-guessing andcessant staring and barking get your continuous Design of it's on our website at www.cythingside effects are you kidding me question mark.org Zi fan keep away from cats dogs snakes children the young at heart and goats Zi fan medicine for today's things a rack sound like our kind of crap 1243 at five sixty wq a m here's my any hello Hello yes sir. Oh boy. Let me ask you something. Uh huh. Is that true you really a fact yeah Are you reading a book what about that spick that you have he says you know what he's a hypocrite Uh huh. He's a very good hypocrite. Yeah. I'm very good. Have you? As you were saying. Uh. Okay. Thanks Julio. Well, you're people five six seven. Oh, The word means they're just a pound five six. Look hypocrite when don't have it how many years are we been doing this when somebody wants to You know take a cheap shot because they're mostly a little bit anyway like him now you're a hypocrite They don't you're right. They don't even know what it means But it sounds good. So good. It's a good shot. You know all you're a hypocrite. You know what that means well how do you spell it? H y c five six seven h ip p o t o five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Thanks for listening to five sixty w q n by the way Julio Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, you know, I got you. You just eat just a little sour because his application for men so was caught up in the mail Not really Martin ran off with his boyfriend. Exactly. Listen on the serious side When when the panters were getting new and new arena I still remember you kind of being a little giddy about it Talking about how you got the busmings tour and you know that There panther arena seem to be all right most notably probably because you're a big panther fan No, most notably because the taxpayers are paying for it. It's a bed tax date the tourist are paying for not the people live in Broward County Well if you've been listening to the to the rhetoric that's been flowing around lately on the station It seems that none of these states stadiums will build purely with you know public money has it where I've with But you're only looking at half of the picture you also miss me saying as recently as yesterday that if Wayne with all the threats to the public I mean you're talking about once they already had it built What am I gonna do say no? I'm not gonna go look at it And I'm not gonna take my free tickets from the radio station. I'm not gonna do that But I think there's a mission to yesterday if they would have moved him out of town I like what I've gone on. I can live without the panters. Okay. I could see that. I could see that Find me a habit of solution for that whole Kennedy. I mean let me ask you this question is the community You somehow enhance because we have major league sports teams here. No I like my mollins. I mean I'm just saying you know I mean well, well guess what almost nobody else does? Okay, I got to accept that though Neil as a grown man I can accept that. Let me say this to you if the panthers were drawing as few people as the marlins are drawing Proportionally if they were drawn like maybe 3000 people a game instead of 70 to 18,000 the panther game and Wayne said Well, guess what we got to fold up and move someplace else? Okay fine. I understand that. Why can't you understand that instead of saying all what we're gonna have to build you enough? I'll 300 million dollars stadiums so you can make the money, etc. when so on with taxpayer money. It's not Henry If John Henry was got a 165 foot yacht in Juno, Alaska's got that kind of money Let him be a man of his word which would be the first time and his town has ever happened other than Joe Robby and let him put the money up and build his own goddamn stadium And you know what father he was vilified a lot of times Joe Robby was certainly you know The man well He wasn't the nicest guy that ever walked the earth but the fact is that if a warrant for Joe Robby There wouldn't be any dolphin to either which means there wouldn't have been any pro players stadium and there wouldn't have been any marlins And there wouldn't have been any of this crap Exactly, which is why originally you know you still got a you know You know the Joe Robby stadium. I don't like the name change Listen Neil if you have a big dish You can you can manage to catch Star Trek 24-7 a day and miss everything else of Kennedy coverage All pan. Sam a great day pal. Take care how to sew 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line Here's Miami. Hello Change my mind. Okay. Great changes mine. Okay. I guess we did to change my mind. That's in the one that's the first sir The first time I've been doing this for 120 70 years That's the first time in all the years I've been doing this I ever punched up a line and somebody said oh change my mind Which is in other ways saying chickened up or had no material or see ya And have a great life sir Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. Good morning, sir. I was talking to a crowd of people yesterday And I was explaining to them that you have a megaphone when you were doing us? I sure that and I was explaining to them that I think Kennedy was his negligent as if he got behind the wheel of a car After drinking several vodka tonics. You know that's not correct. Well, sir. He didn't have to go He didn't have to take a turn away during a drunk driver with somebody who took a risk I think his is ludicrous is really getting carried away When I get behind of a wheel behind the wheel of a car and I've been drinking that's a risk and if I got past it No, no, it's not a risk it's against the law. Okay. He didn't break any laws. He took a Didn't break laws. Now he broke every FA law that they've cut poverty be by going into the IMC conditions So he did break laws Do you agree there? I don't know. Well, are you on the plane? Was I on the aircraft? No, but he broke laws by going IMC You don't go 9 MC We don't mean one. I don't even know what they'll let me right I F are you don't go on I F are conditions Yeah, you're a VFR pilot conditions Conditions, huh, okay. That's the key word I see here's mistake was getting talked into what they was supposed to leave at 530 This was supposed to be a daylight flight This was supposed to happen during daylight hours when visibility was better He had no business long and then he got talked into it by his wife who was insistent and the fact that a sister in law showed up three hours life That's why they left an 830 instead of 530. That's why they're all dead So he's negligent he should not be a negligent but not like a drunk driving what difference is it make? What's the point? Well, does it make you feel better? It doesn't it doesn't so I'll do the point Well, I'm just trying to make a statement that if if he didn't go they'd be alive today and if she wouldn't have forced him to go and if he would have been strong And I'll well enough to say no, I'm not gonna do it because it's too much of a risk They would be alive today. That's correct. There you go. Okay. Oh, yeah 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Hollywood. Hello Hollywood yes, sir. I'm gonna be a change you mind Okay, what have JFK Junior done? It's so great nothing Why are we having this he's done nothing sir? He's done nothing nothing nothing nothing You look four years old he feels bar Jam. There's Cuban dying every day on the scene There's not that much courage for I cannot believe it too Mary died every day on the sea What does that got to do with this because hurt Cuban died day we get no time on Haitians dying on a sea Yeah That was great. I'm so glad he didn't change his mind Sure, I'm so glad you're not just one of those one-dimensional people. We have so many of down here. Thank goodness for that That was lovely five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line See that's our motto here in this time Moominominominominomin like that It's kind of like a different version of Yeah, just to take off it that but it's more like Moominominominomin like that. I love it 567 05 60 pound five 60 on a mobile low-akeep pump any numbers pump any numbers Why sure can't wait for man? Oh right you'll come in an hour really. They would be great What do you think man it's one next to hour? Come on How about now we're in the ten minutes on good Here's West Palm Beach, hello Yes, sir. Hey Neil. Yeah, I haven't already talked about it. Do you about the innate that all's ribs broken and is Balls knocked open pretty bad and balls knocked open yeah they said his testicles were very very swollen Which means they kicked him a pretty good uh-huh they broke all his ribs and they claimed it was suicide. Yeah, I did read that. Yeah He was a dirt bag but still I don't think he should be killed and feed and they'd have fight tops in this prison That's okay. Thanks. Okay. That was pretty profound 567 05 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line here's a mobile and hollywood hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, uh, Neil Crack and up try to try to control yourself. I know it's not easy with this per way to brilliant calls But try to control yourself. I'm doing the best I can I'm sucking on my cigar so hard. It's coming out my earlobe First of all, I just like to say that you can manage or or would keep me listening Right and the other thing is that the guy with the owls if guilty had some better people to work with in the morning That morning sure might improve too, but go ahead. Oh, I love my love is voice. Yeah But the guy with the owls on Mark Island I would rather see like two out of the hotel. I would rather see two owls and you know five luxury mansions Yeah, that's only an opinion. Okay, and the handshake Yeah I have a friend who's very young. I'm a lot older than he is and He gave me one of his handshakes the other day and it cracked me up because Took me back to 1969 the same handshake So what goes for him? Oh, he's from the drug brother's grip now. Is that it that made it come back? Oh, yeah. Oh great. Thank you. All right. Thanks All right, maybe in fact, maybe someday if we live long enough you'll be in again Like those old white box, you know Yeah Those old bell bottom pants don't throw a mottis tang out on because someday they'll be in again Oh Five and of course like those you know those big what do they call those sideburns? If flare it up Those hog mottenshots mottenshots You know haven't cut off but save the here because you're always paced in back on it. You want to come back into style Kind of like kind of like Josh Moro and a young and a horny nick you're not old fashion You're just way ahead of your time. That's all no way to way behind the time. I got to catch up in that how works. I don't know I'm confused Yeah, I'm hip and I'm cool man. So set me up. So Dog See let me say it again when you find you literate people especially those of darker complexion than you are why do you want to emulate their behavior That's what I find very very puzzling all of my life. I've wondered why 560 560 time 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile and hollywood hello Okay, thank you Here's Miami. Hello Miami Oh, we got an epidemic now ever since the one guy called and said he changes his mind now they're all trying to do their own stick They got all the try that it's one upmanship 560 70 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile and pombie. Hello Mobile and pombie. Yes sir. Yes sir. I got a comment on the JFK incident thing there the incident thing Yes sir Yes, we're watching on the news and they were They were I'm interviewing people on the memorial about them all these idiots out there standing around in front of the house and standing around building the stuff yeah and People I guess they don't know what they're talking about because it's first of all the guys there and the news catcher has lady You know what what what do you think of this one's been and she she really couldn't believe it and then she's there and Yeah All right, what did I tell you about the kind of people who stay here in a summertime voluntarily 560 750 560 pomb 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile and shop Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Bill three colors ago the gentleman who was complaining about no coverage for the underhuman the diet Yes sir. Have a nice day Well, I'm gonna get sucked into the conversation about that. What is it with some of you people? I mean why don't you just laugh at that guy Instead of feeling compelled to respond to it. Okay. I'm not starting with anything that sounds like that Cups on cuban Kennedy any of that stuff Let's try to get rid of that stuff and start talking about important stuff like cigars And put the crap which also begins with that sound Cut it out God damn it Always don't keep cod 1256 at 560 WC see all you gotta do it doesn't take any just the slightest little flicker or that and right away they all go off Oh, that'd be better than they're all doing These an answer That crap Let's calm down Not just the one to two hour It's a phenomenal Listen to me it's a stand-by-stein for soficking understand where everything is held to the high soficking standards The selection isn't just huge it's soficking huge believe me you'll never shop anywhere else and soficking prices aren't just low Yes, soficking low you'll never find them anywhere else listen to me when I say soficking as a beautiful store I mean soficking beautiful I mean soficking helpful listen to me get to know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge a staff at soficking turdies and Price is that a soficking low you'll never shop anywhere else but don't take it for me Take it from satisfied customer frank and Stein Soficking good And then after one it's our gigantic one to two hour here on a Thursday five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line here's a mobile and hollywood hello Emil yes sir. How's it going today? It's a typical July 22nd day I love that that thing makes me crack up all every time I hear it That that C escape commercial. Yeah, I like the other one better Carver will must have been begging to take a thing off the air though I don't know what you're talking about the S S gate I don't listen ship full of fun no and there it a bleep out fun because carnival and Su them because carnival was the Fun chips okay whatever you've seen me they're all the same crap to me and makes no difference to me And I see one of them which one was it that was polluting the waters net a pay $18 million And finds where I'll cure a bean is that the one whichever one was it's all the same crap It's just another scam for people I don't know lives who keep going on these cruise ships All right, well, I just wanted to call and I don't know Okay, I have a great day well nobody knows what I because nobody's got any material today Okay, it's just boring we're here to middle of the summer to 20 seconds you lie to 110 degrees over in a corner Just stick your thumb in your mouth like Tom thumb and then like that like I said And you'll feel like you're right at home 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line is in the Shandar were here And that most of the living and breathing people are out of time around vacation. They're having a great time In fact some nice lady. I know a pop at a park last night with Tommy when I got there But how she just came back from North Carolina and I hate to admit this because you're the one that's always Shut up and up there with that house you got up there, but she was telling me how great it is and she's from Ontario, Canada No people now she was telling me it's just fantastic and how polite everybody is I said oh yeah just like here 560 50 560 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line just we got only 57 minutes do all five give those numbers what 172 times we can get right up to the top of the yard right up until Jim managed Yeah, here's a mobile and Jupiter hello Hello Neil yes sir. Yeah, did I hear correctly that the dancers are getting a new announcer and if so I heard I thought it was a someone coming out from the Long Island Islanders from the White from the one Islanders Yeah, that's right Yeah Are we getting the new announcer next to the TV radio radio radio radio? Oh good bye Chris Good bye Chris he's been gone there's been months that we knew he wasn't coming back Yeah, but I didn't know I was like he's got a bad hymn right too But I don't know who the sky is his replacing could you film me in a little bit? His name is Jake McDonald's to reach 60 years old. He doesn't look like a day over 90 He's boring his monotonous these terminal what are they all time wars does that answer your question? Boy, that's not good. And all right, hey, okay. Get a new phone I would make some comment about it sounded like he was calm to water, but these days that would be in very poor taste 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT and T line because the mobile in Miami hello Mobile in Miami Okay, back to you. Here's another mobile in North Miami Beach, hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, um two things I wanted to mention today I couldn't believe it this morning when I saw a U.S. naval ship was being used to bury kind of the you know It was the first kind of the idea. Yeah, number two moving on yes You know number two The clock to that moving along. Yes, okay, and the other one is the recar as recovering drug addict would like 12 years clean You know, I've heard you discuss the god cause that many times and You know my higher power is not God. Yeah, good order lead direction You know whatever works for you man if it works for you more power to you higher lower in between You know it obviously does it does not you know it's not a religious thing at all. Yeah It's just another crux like religion, but just a different one, but if it works for you Stay sober here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Oh, I changed my mind. No, just kidding Listen uh You know how fast my finger is man. I've got to learn somebody this is good I just came from the bank, okay? It correct me if I wrong but for the last few weeks that over the radio and if you be They've been saying turn in your pennies. Well, you're pennies up saying to the bank and turn them in Correct. I never heard that word. They've been saying that It's they're going on if they want you turn it in because there's a Something on CNN about that is the short- ago and people will be in all these crap loads of pennies Yeah, if this doesn't top it off I will 50 hours with the pennies just just to do my part turn in the pennies the way I'll just do that You know they told me they're going to charge me 20 cents per roll the process Yeah, and they're already rolled and everything 20 cents per roll that that's a little bit on ridiculous for this Sure, 20 cents per why for the roll for the banks to take the pennies They suggest for them to take them they're going to charge me 20 cents per roll All right, I argue with the guy I'm 15 minutes to find out why and he couldn't give me a good reason why just that's what it was I would tell them I would tell them I really wanted to tell you what but uh search try to take your money. That's nice Yeah, you get 36 on the roll. I hope I hope you didn't do that. No, I want that I'll take some until the guy go to hell. Let's take a good job. Okay. We'll take a little bit here even Steven. Okay I mean, we'll give you anything for but we'll take him yeah, just everybody bring your pennies to QAM We'll take him you won't get anything at all in return. We'll even roll him for you Just bring him in jars, Bingham and barrels. We don't care bring all the pennies you got Because we got to pay John Henry we got to pay Wayne we got to pay through the nose man just to keep all this and now We got to pay the hurricanes, too. Don't forget about that So we can put all this horseball crap on a video and pretend the Greg read is the broadcaster. That's what we got to do So bring your pennies and bring your dimes and your dollars and your wooden nickels a lot of people don't want wooden nickels We'll take him no problem at all Fort Lauderdale hello Well, you can't hear your a douchebag 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18t line here's Miami hello No, no, it's a great Now I'm just coming out Miami getting my car washed in the pouring down rain I think I said it go into the doctor's ankle to the shrink but anyway go ahead Yeah Just let you know that I'm bailing out of my season pick a group You like that same game's bailing out because this organization's making no commitment keep here in the song of advance And jean heart's gonna broadcast the game from his grave next season be better in jigs and McDonald's Hey And so anyway I'm a hero they decided to call it join on the bad wagon and Everybody in South Florida play with doomspack I see I think it's the perfect example of queer what is this purpose for his new show or his puppy show He's that would rectum every five minutes Reckham is brain it is never gonna get past the South Florida audience because that the town and the people that he's always complaining About the only fools that will give him any time of day Eventually his reign will drop so low you have to read just this rectum Reckham You're is the boringest person that you ever viewed We can't take him anymore No, what's for boring advice president out for The patient is he alive If you stuck with him then one hour seems like five The story is the boringest person that you ever viewed Sorry for being the first name Those four temperatures Only once more wouldn't end him enough Be old But he'll come to life Provision guys would like to know Don't miss us What is this about that great line back in the fight for you? 14 you know jet pop of it so one 14 is five sixty wq a and we have a couple of open lines if you want to participate the number is Okay, let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir I'm calling for Miami about this penny sale tax. Yes, I'm I'm a little bit confused about it Is it I'm actually very simple for you just keep one word in mind? No, and that world will keep going through your head over and over again Yeah, I like it. I'm really easy no Because I'm the size I'm concerned I'm thinking about it As far as whole facts is goes when we use the pills it is taxi-duptable But taxes aren't told to depot the most in lies anybody even bringing that up is a boy That's all I have to say thanks. I'll give him either time to talk to you just say no, please no over no and over again No, just keep thinking that no I don't want to be negative but no five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line Here's Carl Spraying, Silla Yes, sir, yes, look at the bright side of the JFK situation You picture always be going on right now. It's being being very next week. Oh I'm telling you so I want to tell you you know Do you have the choose bread in the next day the great for you to week later during this last commercial break I flipped over for the first time since I sat down here this morning To CNN because I can't stay Guess what? He's a Kelvin beach which is on the flip side of the scene that we're seeing here off woods whole Massachusetts And there's the ship out there in a water the same picture they've had on I guess inside came into this morning And they just won't give it up. They will not let go You know, I'm top of that. I'm thinking with Harald those didn't all this okay last night I'm home surfing the TV. Yeah, sure enough. There's a roll though with a clock with one and two carn is Wanted to uh, carn is talking about how well the by stay preserved on the water I mean, that's they're talking about you know, that's that's taste. Oh, yeah You're very tasteful, but I'm saying you know Thank god it's only gonna be like a week's worth all right, but you're getting very next Thursday We'll be the Thursday I believe the country I have to go on vacation again. I'm talking talk I'm gonna fix the shoot some crap to do something Please okay, well, all right, yeah, bye. We can stay here get all the crap. We're right there on CNN Kennedy compound and if yeah five six seven oh five sixty If there's any person listening to me right now who doesn't think that this whole media circus that's going on is one of the sickest things in the history of the human race Then we're gonna get you an instant group right on the lobotomy Fap Here's Cooper City hello You know, how you doing okay? All right, now another little spin on this One thing that kind of takes me off is the fact that If you just been a regular little guy, this wouldn't have gotten 30 seconds on the newscast all right It had been me and my family come on. Well, you know that yeah, you know if I didn't show up But we know that well, you know give them three days. I'll show up all right Another thing with the Panthers the fact that the arena is not You know Taxed Funded Uh-huh okay five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty there seem to be a lot of these people have it like a change your heart like in mid sentence You know basically because they have nothing to say they don't want to talk in about that certainly It wasn't a low Here's mommy sure is hello Hi Neil yes sir I've lived in South Florida for four years I've had enough that I can is more than I can stand I'm moving to LA really I'm wondering if you know if Phil Hendry is still on the air out there of course What are you sure KFI KFI I'll look for him. I'm sure gonna miss your show But not much else from down here. Okay good luck found thanks. I had all those uh orientals. I'm sorry agents Learn to speak uh getting the mezzodal coming real handy for you 5 6 7 0 5 60 P on 5 60 on the 18 2 wireless long my great place that used to be out there by the way. Oh man that was that was some kind of a place Used to be of course thing could be said about here Here's a mobile and top and oh hello I knew I just a couple things there's there's a few people who are most of the majority or just overwhelmed and over Extrembed and just being ridiculous about it But there's a few people like myself around the middle who don't make these you know Wise jokes, but we we love Bobby we did you know he we sort of He was gonna change the world or change our country at the time we love JFK we love what he wanted to do for civil rights And we we missed that legacy in part of it and it doesn't mean that we're in it or it It's a schmock or whatever, but there's a there's a middle ground here and sir So there's not a middle ground there. There's no middle ground either you have a put this in its proper perspective Or you know and oh you're not putting it and nothing to do with Bobby I know it would a hold the whole setting held out or JFK and I've done my job it. We're taught what I mean Do you remember when Bobby was running did you did have a feeling? Did you ever forget that excitement? I sure I went on here yesterday and talked at great length about watching a PBS special two nights ago at 10 o'clock I didn't see the first part Monday. I saw the last two hours which was about the sun I was a big Kennedy fan that has nothing to do with this. It's an accident We've had all kinds of accidents in the Kennedy family and people have died prematurely Emily the media hasn't gotten into a frenzy John Kennedy Jr had nothing to do with what you're talking about in any way shape or form He was an unimportant person As of now he was but we don't know what would have happened Neil meaning well, what sir you talk about being in the middle ground you need serious help I don't know what would have happened Just because his name was Kennedy he was nothing he was a zero It was an active stupidity what he did I'm not talking about the air. I'm talking about what around was Forget about flying around and again if a man is makes a great judgment like that He sure is how would a made a great senator a great president maybe he's going to driven somebody off the bridge What are you talking about? Neil I was just part of it. I can't sure you you need to get therapy. Okay, please I'm going to say goodbye get you some help get you what you need is to have a whole portion of you know Maybe you can go to that place where they said rosemary, you know with the shock treatments Electro shock therapy. I'm not a big advocate of a seroton bar bearer thing, but in your case it might not hurt You just don't want to let go. It's gone. We're not talking about something that happened five minutes ago or five years ago or even ten years ago We're talking about stuff from the distant past I was a young man. I remember it all like it happened yesterday. It brought tears to my eyes again when I watched the Tuesday night But you know something I can't wallow in all that stuff to rest in my life And John Kennedy the idea like I said yesterday they don't have some kind of a factory where they keep stamping out Kennedy Messiahs where a new savior pops up every five or ten years. It doesn't happen Oh, what he could have been yeah, and we could have been another one of the idol rich who put out a magazine It would have gone out of business because it was losing money hand over fist. That's what it would have been And the idea that just because somebody is born into a family that they have some kind of a This man's on this like joke Kennedy You know we got a legacy here two terms for John two terms for Bobby two terms for Teddy two terms for John Jr And let's just have royalty here like they do an England that we're always laughing at him and rightfully so We don't want that that's what separates this country. We don't have a king in a queen We got a lot of queens, but we don't have a queen that we worship down to And fairy princess is all this other bull crap and that's what you want that's what you're living in You're stuck in a time war, but you don't want to get out I'm not gonna let my life get all wrapped up in his crap from 30 years ago 36 years ago. Yeah, it was wonderful To have some hope, but you know what they've wiped out the hope see have to be a realist You have to live in a real world now instead of living in some kind of a fantasy land God Almighty somebody's gonna break the news to this guy the Santa Claus doesn't really exist and he's really gonna fall apart I'm what you're gonna do then Oh, I can't wait for that day. I can imagine what that call is gonna be like yeah, that's what it's gonna be He's in the middle ground. Yeah, Tony he was in the middle ground. I knew right off the bat We started bringing in about Bobby and Jeff K. What is that guy doing with this? How about one David Kennedy dry it died of the drug overdose up there in a hotel in the Palm Beach County? Did we ever get one call from people talking about the Kennedy legacy when that happened? No North Miami, hello Oh, yes, sir. Hey I think you were right at the beginning of your show. It's just not worth talking about It's just wearing the out wearing it's killing me. I mean there's nothing else these people want to talk about I realize it's a middle of summer. It's 400 degrees. It's boring is hell. There's nothing going on here But Jesus this is just unbelievable. Oh, I did Bobbie and John and you know something like I said before if you want to be objective about it And look at how they all got there in the first place and what a son of a bitch the old man was and all the goddamn A bootlegging money that made their fortune in the first place. Let's be honest about it It was like a mafia family That's what that's what they were I want to get money gone farther move. I think I wanted to bring up the cigar Please please, you know, I'm ready to bring up my lunch and I haven't even had one yet Have you heard of a of a brand called bars, tetanus or teachings? I don't know if they pronounce it I won't say tea some years ago. I know I know I'm trying to be careful about this No, they did this guy puts on every box and every package of cigars that he sells The word toxic and then he's got the skull and cross bones and then it says smoke this and you will die or smoke this and die right and He sells like crazy because of people that buy cigars that are you know Old enough to you know the batch of guys They look it's not that it's not good for you, but you know hey you do it in moderation and you and you act like a human being like a One thing I promise you that if you smoke cigars you'll die if you don't smoke cigars you'll still die so Can you imagine how much how much money the taxpayers will save everybody put that on their boxes? And they don't have to worry about this California law and the other law and the law and Sticking all that on there so Anyway, that's what I had nobody's taken my stokees away from me man. I'm smoking right now. I'll write at a stokey to okay Good, thank you Thank God if we finally had somebody who's got something important to talk about that's a good cigar This man's got his priorities right. Let's hear it for this guy Finally three hours in 25 minutes later and where's all the women out there? They're probably over my aunt's house Weeping about poor John Jr They're probably counting the number of particles that throw it in the sea there. Okay. Okay. Here's the action number one I'm surprised they're not there. I have people diving after that Of course, it's kind of hard once the ashes go in the water. You know what I'm saying kind of hard to bring it back like the pieces of the Berlin wall Tacky tasteless disgusting Rotesque voyeuristic I mean just gruesome morbid. This is morbid And you people let's see it man. I've got news for you people are this disgrace you're like a laughing stock It's like when you said the hypervettillating bitch to Cuba when the Pope was there Now Christiana I'm on pool with that thorny accent she puts on that was sitting there sucking the Pope's robes with the disgusting No, I don't know what he looks so they're worn out Between Fidel and her was a question of who is the doing most of the sucking and what I'm saying God they both act in the church. Yeah Thank God Speaking of that by the way, there's a new showing time that opened this weekend at the drama center called naked boy singing It's a must see George is gonna go see it Are you know a huge success in LA for more than a year and a half it opened simultaneously off Broadway in New York as well as in South Florida to rave reviews So what how does George know naked boys singing is to not rage this new musical review Revolving around naked guys. What do you say to that? All right? I know he'd like it lunga and Prisima Megma Severita The rioters they can all be a driven into the harmful effect of smoking cigarettes Hello, I'm William Talman Perhaps we'll remember man Hamilton burgers training birds adversary on perination and now I'm dead so take it from me Get the habit and you won't wind up like I do don't smoke and you'll never die Ever This message paid for by the nursing band I smokey can maybe for immortality Damage hey You know 132 at 560 WC you have don't forget if you smoke a lot you're gonna die if you don't smoke at all You're still gonna die and what about that booze? I was talking about yesterday. It's supposed to be good for Betta call about that Yeah, that's what we need somebody to bring us some good non-foody wine Huh Why don't I just I don't know anything about wine. I'm not gonna pretend it was something about it. I don't Something that wouldn't send my blood sugar sky rockering back here drink her glass a day I've been lived to be 400 that would be great until I light up this cigar when I go on Oh don't tell my mother or smoke in a cigar that'll be the next thing while she's rummaging through my trash That only will she find a Snickers wrapper she'll also probably find a wrapper for one of these cigars For on these great nicks cigars So better watch where I throw my wrappers Here's pepper pie and tell oh All right, all right, man. I wanted to see if I can make you a car for all those that are really lost today That they stand on hold from what four and a half minutes 10 and a half minutes. Yeah, and they go Forget it yeah, not bad. Yeah, well how about let me see like a drill one okay 560 50 50 50 60 when he said forget it. That's a why not 560 on the ATT line gym matters will be around 27 minutes. Thank God for that The brilliant the mostiferous the hysterical gym advantage will be here to rattle his spear and hockey was sports China between two and six I wish him all the luck in the world baby. I'll tell you that this is this time of the years just it's unacceptable It's just there ought to be a law passed to prohibit this time of the year in this town unacceptable And getting worse each and every year worse and worse Here's a mobile and or platterdale. Hello hey Neil Did you see the story in the sunset know today about the orthodox priest in Russia? No You would love it. Yeah, absolutely love it This guy apparently drunkenness is not a problem with the church because many people it's many of the priesthood a drug But this guy is good for business. They got to keep this some part of their economy going right But this guy was not only He was shaking down other priests for money in order to do various Administrative chores he was like the head of the Orthodox church the head guy Yeah, exactly the head man and he was wildly overtly openly homosexual So they finally we became a tremendous embarrassment and Bigger my thought you'd like to because as you know from your button there In the church exactly that's exactly what I was gonna say the right old facts of the church So let me ring off by saying don't go to help from Okay, I'll still leave whatever that means five six seven. Oh five well, hey, now where am I gonna learn Dutch? I Go to front professor jack over there to FIU he teaches six languages including Italian But No say Abla Duchakie Gotta be some tapes or something that that's a very difficult language. I mean if you ever seen it in print I'll bring you down doesn't have a little squiggly with all over the top of the letters and now that's your thing Like finishes like that Yeah, and the finish is actually easy to pronounce Danish and Swedish they have like little lines to be old and stuff like that No, it doesn't have squiggly lines But it's just I don't know make those sense to me at all. I know head beer that means the weather What else do I maybe ten words in Dutch huh like maybe? No, I know that one Here's Miami hello Yes, sir I believe you show supposed to be a family show. Why do you just go? No, I'm not supposed to be a family show So it's not supposed to be a family show. I mean you're supposed to be a little supposed to be an entertaining show I want to ask for like you get to online it's easy to be very entertaining so I have to press the button and say Pop up up up up to you. Okay It's not supposed to be a family show. It's an entertainment show either like it or you don't like it take it or leave it and in your case 567560 Pond 560 on the 18t line here's water. He'll hello I think you so happened to Wemme you were fantastic. Yeah, I had a big smile in my post-web city too And it was real glorious I keep winding it over over it kid. Yeah, it was amazing. Yeah, you keep winding it. Okay. Well, why not one more time And maybe something will happen this time scored scored and I doubt it 567560 pond 560 on the 18t line what I tell you about those people those of us left here in this town at this time of the year huh Or the losers were the sad sex were they unlucky bunch but of course some of us have many more Vacation before the years out thank God And we just keep looking to counterton yet not that far off. All right Here's a lady an avidure. Hello Hello, yes, man. Hi, Neil. I really enjoy your show. I move from New Jersey and After he was thrown for so many years if if if a big change for me and I really enjoyed you're great I know I want to tell you something and highly unappreciated by these ungrateful bastards here too, by the way I just thought I'd mention it sounds sorry. I said that so how you doing? Well, I want to tell you about people with accent like me Yes, in in this country. He's not moved from In New Jersey and Virginia you don't have an New Jersey accent at all. No, no for the for of course not But I'm so mad at all the immigrants from South America because they don't make you for too Speaking the speaking in the speaking in the language. That's right exactly. Well, I have an accent and I'm working on that But here you the everybody You know like we can like we suppose to to speak Spanish come on. We're in America speaking which guys That's right, amen. Where are you from? From Argentina my grandfather was Irish yeah, yeah, and I've been grandfather was Irish and he's not used by the way in Argentina Yeah, that was quite a few but But I can't wait is what I hear I said I held it here at the hell of a place Yeah, he's nice easy friend. Wait in the I at a Buenos Aires yes You different and for sure a lot of Argentinians Heading your your program because you great. I let me ask you because when I was in Berlin They have a lot of those Argentinian steak houses, you know, yeah, and I noticed that they brand some of the Cataldon there were like a little tiny swastika you have to look very closely, but it's kind of interesting Not the influence just left over in Argentina. Oh, they marked the cows, but you know anyway I'm vegetarian doesn't mean very well that's a safe way to go honey. Okay, well I can't believe I'm talking to you You make my day and you make my day every day when I'm cleaning my house as a housewife When you made my day sweet argue the first rational person I've spoken to all day and God bless you Well, I'm not I'm not a religious person I don't I don't mean I just mean they'll God bless you that one I like a sweet art. You too. I'll read it. I'll find okay And watch out for Martin Borman. He's making a comeback 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line Pompital Park I won $35 last night Great reach 1 over 100 Was only give most of what is early winners were back, but we had a good time always have a good time in Pompital Park So I'm a good friend Mark low up their last night. How you doing Mark? Come out just but skip my blind eyeball Barry who only give every We live the Focus mark in We all went drinking and a good deal for men a few girls and girls and men the girls. We're just very hardy can any guy. Very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. 145 and 5. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. We're just very hardy can any guy. I've read the books about both assassinations and I've read more books than probably all the audience put together about all their lives about the assassinations. I've never mentioned this but the media is all whipped up and you go on and on about that. The thing is when you were in your 20s it was what maybe 3 TV stations a couple of major newspapers and that was it. We had so much media. I mean anybody was better than him.