After what was the David Gravy life? We're long and Jerry Hall will, on the right hand of God. And when I woke up today I put my TV on and it's day with Kathy Lee or CNN. I saw a purple creature with a gay sign on his head. It wasn't upside down, try ankle for both pinky and pinky. Up, down, down, try ankle for both pinky and pinky. Up, upside down, try ankle for both pinky and pinky. Hey, tell it to me. Get where you look just when I thought we couldn't get worse. I know who to see with Harry. You know little first. I know how. Can they call this a children's show? I want to help her. She hasn't looked at down, try ankle for both pinky. Up, upside down, try ankle for both pinky. Out, let's do Junior Hall. Okay, so both pinky and pinky. Yay, tell it to me. Well, most of that Christian kind is part of a lead. But on the tell it to me, is the TV free? It's half a purple team is pointing straight at me. That was blowing an eye through the hole in this thing. Penelope on your purple station for the on, is the V2OM. Exactly. So anyway, I like I just say, and I get sidetracked because I made the mistake of potting the thing up before they were finished this morning and listening to the panthers suckle on it. I have no idea what you're talking about. He's analyzing about Colorado and about another got the old ferry who did school ago by the way last night, but they still lost 4 to 3 to 8. But nevertheless, there's only one game on last night if you have the small disco, if you're really following your sports, so they can come on and talk about it. And act like you know what you're talking about. And they made a point of pointing out that the old ferry didn't play on the first line of power play for Colorado. He played on the second unit. Dead Marsh played with Forestberg and second. But hey, you know, that would require doing a little bit of homework and paying attention what you're supposed to be talking about. All I can say is, man, the misinformation in the course is easy to do that in this town because they're like maybe 10 of us who watched that game last night who got the small dish or have any interest or even know what show what two teams those are. But don't get me started on that. Okay, I want to get started off out of tangent on that crap. Although I do want to say this for those mouth content since yesterday we had our big 20 tier anniversary here. And I thank everybody for, you know, all the goofy stuff they sent including the food. And by the way, stop giving me fatning stuff. Okay, no more cakes and no more biscotties. God damn it. Go down and get to, you know, give me a figurine at Scotties and forget the biscotties. Just to cut the crap already. Yeah, I ate the whole almost that whole package last night. So my blood sugar is soaring like 350. Pretty good though. But cut the crap. Well, we didn't know what to do for you know, yeah, I know. But anyway, I was thinking during some idle thoughts while we're sitting here avoiding listening to the worst thing this morning and I'll add misinformation to guilty puke sound. You know, the people that scream in a hollow about the fact that this is supposed to be a sports station. You know, here in the middle of the day, screwing it all up. The most successful sports radio station in America. It's not even close. Is the fan in New York WFAN. Does Don I must do a sports show? No. A dead man in a chair, but does he do a sports show? No. And he show brings in more revenue, by the way. To make more money on his show than any other show on its station. Sound familiar. And has higher ratings than any other station. I'll show on its station. Sound familiar. Okay. Just not to mention that for all the sports nerds that can't handle four hours a day and not hearing the next and the heat and the next and all this juvenile pre-addless and crap. But anyway, Galby said, I'm ran out of a stuff on my balloon. This is great. I would maybe we could just remember that time we had the other guy brought a hole in the thing and he didn't not go to four year by the way. Makes you light-headed. Makes you, Brian Andrews, you said, we'll make you light on your feet and I said, boy, you must really be sucking on it. And he said, yes, the oxygen too. But anyway, see you take a little bit of the oxygen. You can't be responsible for what you're saying. You start battling all kinds of it. Go ahead and stuff. By the way, yes. Happy from. No, I thought it was March 12. No, it's today. It's starting last night. It's prum. Oh my god. Happy from. See, this is what I'm telling you. Yesterday it was the 23rd anniversary, which Bluff Lenzia overdid a little bit. By the way, I heard that he's going to blow up the balloons. But nevertheless, you know, they wanted to be very nice. They did a lot of nice stuff and that was I appreciate that. But you know, they're showing there some stuff. That's killing me. I can't eat that stuff. And you put that in a fri to go through that again. I always say, don't want to go through that again. But you notice that I do because this could really be a neat place to work. If just if we had a general manager that had an IQ larger than his small toe, that would help. A guy that knew something about people. The only thing he knows about relating to people is who's got the naked pictures and what he better do do. I'm sure that they don't get released. That's about the only relationship he's got with people. Because we got those little I find out this morning I grow test piece of news. I thought it was better enough we had the water not see upstairs. They were little dictated and it runs around. You know, people little people within Furiore to complexes with all the respected joyous about two feet tall. But I've told you over the years that little people generally tend to have Napoleon to complex as they want to boss everybody around. Because a little shrimp people and everybody laughs at them because they're like a little overgrown kids. Like, migics. My grandma used to call them migics. Yeah, he's a migic. And we got a migic upstairs. Whoever in the lead, not enough we have the water not see. We got the food not see. Oh, I see. See, the more I don't know if they talked about this in the morning show, but generally they're about to push these anyway. They're too busy listening to Geldey regaled them with misinformation about the Ophari, which he knows nothing about what he's talking about. Because he's not doing this homework. See, if I were on a sports station, one of the prerequisites, if I were doing a sports show on a sports station, one of the prerequisites would have to be that I had a satellite dish. Now, there's some of these guys who are like slippers or maybe some of these guys who live in a place where they can't have a big dish. But almost everybody now can have a small dish, which by the way, I got my litter. I've been waiting for from the superstar entertainment, my satellite big dish people. No more CBS, I'll get to that later. You bastard, not superstar satellite, and they're great. I'm talking about the local affiliates, especially Channel 4WFOR. I hope that nobody walks his your goddamn station, okay? Make me sick, and that Angela Ray boy, she better do something about that big zitch. She's got on her lip. Wonder how she got it. Yeah, do you ever see her with that big thing she's got on her lip? Ooh, more I watched it, the more I realized it's bad for your health to watch Channel 4 News. And the guy they brought in from out of town with a real ruddy red face that looks like he got here the first week got a bad melanoma right off the bat. Channel 4 News, there's Alan Shacklin as the anti-Christ to Channel 4. But anyway, getting back to the food Nazi, we got a guy upstairs named Matthew Bell, first of all, Maddie they call him Maddie. Like a little kid, hey Maddie, you know, when somebody gets to be like 70 or 75 like he is, you think they call him Maddie, like a little kid, maybe because it's a sports station, everybody has to have a nickname. Like Shappy, remember when the ship station period was like, hey Shappy, how are you doing Shappy? They go, how are you doing gold? How are you doing gold? Well, I mean, it's just, just the concept of it, just give me the willys thinking about it, give me the creeps. That's sloppy on the butt kind of like, hey, buddy, buddy, yeah, let's go take a shower with a guy's kind of mentality. So anyway, little Maddie who's about two feet tall and we're children's clothing because it's cheaper that way by the store. And he buys the boy sizes because it's a lot cheaper and he's a cheap prick. But at any rate, he's also a little dictator come to find out because now that they're all up there on the third floor, they have nice people like our friend from Atlantic City subs, what's his name nice Jewish boy Scott Pearlman, that's right. Who brings food, bring free food for the troops up there. But now anybody that tries to see that we got like a maze up there, we have one door up there that doesn't work. Well, I think that's the door that the naked pictures didn't be behind, the ones of Greg and the muswet. And I think that, bro, I might be in one of them too, I'm not sure. Oh, and several. Yeah, but he gives good face. He's the face man for the sales department. But at any rate, so the deal is Maddie is a town people. Oh, you can't take food right into a studio there. You've got to go around. You can't take it over on this side of the building. And apparently there's been an epidemic of this going on in the sense they all moved up there. Now we got another little dictator and the only reason that we have people like the water Nazi in the food Nazi and the promotions Nazi is because the the empower of all of this is our general manager. He brings in little little tiny silly people and he gives them the power to you know as long as they're his buddies as long as they're partly Gregory family they can do whatever it only want. So I'm really disappointed, especially a good guy like Scott Proman. Under a teeth when are one, the way till we move up there in the third floor if a one that ever happens by the way. Then you're going to see the first line all this crap about all what you can't afford in the studio and you can't come through this way and you can't smoke your cigar. Yeah, right. All I can say on the first of my first day of my 24th year in this market is blowing out your echo. Okay, and don't waste any time doing it. All these little tiny people like the fact that they know they're perfect for South Florida like little condo commando's just live in their life so they can boss everybody else around because they know not inferiority complex. They are inferior to there's a big difference if you have a complex it means you think you're inferior, but maybe you're not. But in their case it's not a complex they are definitely inferior in fact if you just look at them the two not use we got up there and you have ever seen them together by the way. I think it's the same person and one is in drag. They both have kind of that scratchy raspy voice from smoking too many faggot so many years. Okay, just say some stands for nothing. Oh Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Oh Why It's you My Why Why Like flowers kept here Oh Because religion There Come on, feel that I will. I'll come on, it's a drum, I'll give you. Check out that thing in the middle of the day. Oh, you don't know. What it could say, but it's still okay to me. Oh, I'll make a body and you know. Ah, ha ha ha ha, the time of the day, get the nothing down. You just drop out all the hidden up the bus, bro. Hey, it's fun, it's as well, baby. You, you, you, you, you. Behind you. I think I'm going. I'm going. Can 32 at 560wq, do you want to step on it last, whatever he was doing here. So anyway, this book, maybe this is Matthew Bell. Maybe he just signed a different last name on his letter. I mean it's madly the old food notting. So you ask all's upstairs. What if you just leave everybody alone? Okay? So they can come in, do their job, have a good time, and join themselves. and enjoy themselves. Go through the day without feeling like persecuted and put upon. How about that? I know it's a radical idea. How about given it to try? Okay? And just leaving everybody alone and stop trying to make everybody understand how God damn important you are. You little tiny little fusion assholes up there on the third floor. I got news for it. Once we get up there like I said, if it ever happens, things are going to change big time up there then. Big time. Are we going to pay any attention? Those little dictators up there? No, no, and they better stay to how a lot of our studio, too. Do we ever get the lock on the door up there? No. Well, you know what we're going to have to do? I guess you're going to have to get I'm going to have to pay a lock, but then get our own lock on that door once we get up there. And I will. Because see what they have in mind, they really want to use our studios. Could they are you tell me that they have not built a production facility up there? Is that what you're saying? What kind of a production facility are you talking like a real one? They have one that they're using. Yeah. They have a room. Yeah. A room. One good. They have a room. Hey, that's it. They got a room with equipment. That's their production studio. Okay. But out of our joint up there. Okay. Stayed out. So anyway, I'm looking in this book that Matthew has sent me. And then there's a new got a spiritual name like Matthew. He's probably got a brother named Luke. Helping. The signature of God. So I opened up just half-hazardly and he's highlighted and he's been kind of up the highlight to make some of the greatest bubble mice season here to make sure that I don't miss the good stuff. And I thought I would share with you this one one sex near it's very short. Maybe I'm going to end up in a minute. And you'll find just how profound these great revelations are that prove the existence of God or is it? They don't God. Whatever the hell it is. You know, that before I went on vacation to God that called it was a couple days before I went away and I got to call about the energy. I think you were talking about Linda Energy. Well, and it's got was serious about when you die. You know, what happens to the energy? You know, well, the energy from any living thing is only there because it's a living thing. Once it's dead, there's no more energy. Oh my God, what a concept. What happens to the campfire after you pee on it? He gets wet. And it starts smelling pretty bad too. I'll depend on what you were drinking. And are you sure it was pee? But at any rate. Now this guy was unbelievable. The energy, you know, where does it go? Where does it go? I'm just surprised that people like him aren't spending hours and hours of it. They were saying, no, seriously, where does it go? Like when I went to the balloon when I let the year on the, but the helium out of the balloons when I opened them up. Where did it go? Oh, let's let's, you know, get out our telescopes and let's get all the great minds of mankind together and worry about where did the energy go? Was that a song by the Supreme's? Where did Linda Energy go? You die? You're dead. Oh, no. Yeah, Gene Cisco. He's not reviewing movies and haven't any more. He's dead. Hey, like your dog. I mean, don't you people love your animals? Don't you love your dog? Your pussy cat? Whatever you got, your canary? Now, nobody. I mean, you, maybe a handful of really idiotic people. But even silly people, don't believe there's a dog you haven't. What happens to the energy in the dog when it dies? What happens to the energy in a pericator? Cockatoo. After it stops breathing. After all of its organs stop functioning and dry up and wither away in like, uh, after it croaks. Where does the energy go? Anybody got an answer for that? No. So if you're going to believe in a people heaven, there has got to be a dog you haven't. A snake haven. A, uh, neak heaven. A musk right heaven. A cool heaven. You think there's a cool heaven? No. Oh. Anyway, so it's all too good for this good stuff. And I want you to hear about how profound this is. That's why all these people who love to argue with me about this stuff. It's, they don't even have the balls to do it anymore. Did you talk religion by the way last week? You better not have. Oh boy, he's sorry. He just won't stop. You got them, uh, the power of Christ compels me. Damn it. Anyway, that's knowledge and travel shall increase in last days. Wait until you hear how profound this is that this doesn't convert you immediately to become a real from believer. If you don't rush out and buy at least two thousand the home and touch and right now, just to celebrate poor them because you've got to become a Jew before you become a Christian. You have to take it by increments. 25 centuries ago, the book of Daniel predicted that there would be an explosion of knowledge in the huge increase in travel in the last days. They're always talking about the last days. Daniel wrote these words, but thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the books. Even to the time of the end, many shall run to and fro and knowledge shall be increased. Daniel 124. Knowledge shall be increased. And of course, when you got the intelligence that those people have, predicting the knowledge should be increased. It's not really like going out on the limb. Throughout thousands of years of history, the level of knowledge only increased incrementally. In some generations, the level of general knowledge actually decreased. Yet in the last century and a half, there has been an explosion of knowledge beyond anything ever experienced in human history. There were more scientists alive today than have lived in all of the rest of history. Of course, there are also more people alive today, like five billion. Recently, it was calculated that the total level of human knowledge is growing so quickly that literally doubles every 24 months. They must have not counted the religious people. And that's category. This is staggering a lot of Daniel's inspired prediction from the ancient past. In addition, Daniel stated that a characteristic of the last days would be an awesome increase in mobility as many shall run to and fro. I guess they didn't have cars in airplanes and trains back then, and increase in mobility. The speed of transportation is also... No, no. There you go. Exploded in the last century. Throughout history, most people have never traveled a fancier than a galloping horse. Today, men travel over 18,000 miles an hour on the US-based shuttle discovery. In addition, while most people in past centuries never traveled more than 20 miles from the place they were born, especially if they lived in Dave County, millions of people, not travel at Globis Park, or normal course of daily business or annual vacation. So Daniel predicted this back in Daniel 124. That is, we get to the end day. See, this works both ways. This proves that we are in the end days and it proved that there was prophetic sounds like pathetic. There's absolutely nothing in that quote whatsoever. That is, pressure, that is, extraordinary, that has anything to do with anything to do with the fact that we discovered electricity and invented the automobile and the airplane and the train and all the other modern computers. Don't confuse them because that's science. Don't confuse people like Matthew with the facts. Because it was so written. Okay, by Daniel, you'll hear the realize that it was no miracle and lions just like the trade they didn't like Jews. 21 before 11. Of course, you, if he would have just seen the handwriting on the wall, he would have known the going we're going to take over to roll the wood and something about it. Good night. Hamson, 1997. 1998. March 4th, to Hamson, the year 2000. What fries was that? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, eh, three, take you. By the way, you're sushi at a heart attack and you're stuck a pacemaker in there, fill us dealer to see that? Fill us dealer. That's, uh, we're going to have to be able to keep the office watch going. Fill us dealer. We got, uh, how is the owner of Matthew with doing by the way? Anybody heard that? Okay, good. Okay, we're going to compile a list of all the questions because these people that have all the answers, you know, like the guy who was very, a very upset or with the fact he couldn't give me the care about things that I couldn't possibly know. That same guy that I'm referring to was talking about all the energy and where does it go when you die? Well, yeah, but don't you wonder about these things? Where did we come from? And I said, uh, no, I really don't. I don't know. And I don't care. So no interest to me. Because I'm never going to know the answer. What difference is it make? But the, the notion, the concept that we can have answers to these questions just stop and think of all the things that have happened in our lifetime. Some of us is old as I and I mean old. You know, like, who killed Kennedy? Do we really know for sure? No. Do we really know for sure by the way, who killed Lincoln? No. There's still a lot of doubts about that. Was it really John Wilson to booth? No. We don't know. Maybe he's just a bad actor. Oh, who killed Cockroven? Huh? Who killed and of course it's a good thing that we don't know the answer to some these because otherwise MSNBC got a business. Who killed John Brede? Do we know? No. We have some ideas, but do we have the fact that we have like an indictment yet? No. No. Stop and think about it. Do we know for sure about the Sir Hanser hand and the RFK and JFK like I said and Martin Luther King Jr. No. Almost said it. Do we know that? No. No. In fact, James Earl Ray, he croaked here just a couple of months ago and he still don't either write to his death bed and they got all kinds of theories about that. In fact, they think it was either J. Edgar Hoover or the dog done at one of the other. So stop and ask yourself that question. Look at all of the puzzles, all of the mysteries just in your own lifetime that we don't have the answer for. In fact, will we ever know really who killed John Kennedy? No. No. Of course not. Now that happened 36 years ago. And so many of you people are like basing your entire existence and brainwashing your children with theory tales about things that allegedly happened thousands of years ago. Things that happened in the last couple of days did the president really raped that broad 21 years ago that we know. No. We have a pretty good idea. But did we do we know? Will we ever really know for sure? No. Did he whip it out in front of Paul off that we know? No. We have an idea. Do that's how her nose grew like that. Monkey see monkey around something like that. I mean, these are all just common sense. Like I said, you don't need some God damn religion. You don't need some organization. You need a little bit of common sense. And the only reason I bring this up again for the 10 minutes is because it is God damn book here that I get in the mail with this with this syrupy letter this morning. As I watched your television program, I heard for you. Why is it that almost all the the pharbition of Goaim? They're all the same. They're all so concerned. They want to help you. Yeah, I don't have a problem. Okay. The only problem I got is people like this and working for a butt plug upstairs. That's the only problem I got. And I need to get my old chains in both my cars. Those are my biggest problems. Okay. Plus they rash on my neck. That's it. Which is going to take another six months. Maybe it'll go away. Maybe not. But I don't need the doctor. He told me. I don't need them. Please accept this is a hug from a friend not as an attack. And when I look at all the misspellings in here like except EXCEPT as opposed to ACCEPT, I realize I'm not the little guy who's extraordinarily bright. The most significant proof of the God's the God's existence is the purpose now in my life and many others. This is this guy must be an AA guy. Either GA or AA. Am I right? But the 13 steps and the 200 steps and don't fall down by the way because when you think about you fall down the steps even if there's only fear of form. Why do they always do? I quite obvious to me now and he recognizes me what he wants found in himself. The lack of hope loneliness. I'm lonely because I see different than T phone every day like this right now. Not one call on the board. We had a smattering but they figure I'm on a roll what a hell bother me and it were right. And a lack of purpose in life. Are you following that list that he's got and he's right? Are you staying? I suffer from right now. Lack of hope, loneliness and lack of purpose in life. If only somebody could bring me the real word. I'm just sitting here thirsting, dying like a man who needs that is thirst, coin, stats right, dying for a big bottle of solely water. Waiting for the answers from our good Christian friends out there in radio land who can save me who can bring me the answers to these unknown questions that only the you know the retribulvers can understand because it's mysterious and we know he works in mysterious ways. 560505050560 pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. As we wait to see a response here I am lonely I'm very lonely every day of my life. George said here did six shows every day. Joe Castell told me this morning there was never one open line it was like doing buyer where the muswine George was doing the show. They like George. They hate me like poison they listen to me but they hate me like poison because I say these terrible you know. That's right. Unlike George of course who's like you know doing the good time hour. Here's Miami hello. Anya. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. I still want to tell you how could there were four or five hundred witnesses this thought Jesus Christ alive after he was supposedly crucified. Yeah. 500. Yeah. 500 witnesses. Let's talk to one of them. Yeah. Have you had any conversations with any of them? With any of them? I've lost in the Bible. How did this in the Bible? Who was the Bible? When was the Bible written? Was the written while Jesus was still alive? No it wasn't. Okay thank you. Okay that's the end of that discussion. He also confused people like this with the facts. When somebody writes something years and years after allegedly happened, he will be like if there was no record that we didn't have the supporter film we had no film no and no nothing. We didn't have any photography. We had no actual physical record of the assassination of President Kennedy. And then 30 some 60 some 90 some deputies and whom you believe probably 90 years later. Somebody came along and tried to reconstructed based on hearsay gossip you know the ramblings of all sorts of people. In fact the people and deeley Plaza when Kennedy was assassinated if you talk to like 10 of them you get 10 different stories and where they thought the shots came from. Was it the grassy no? Was it the Texas book the Bonnesotauri? Was it the office building across the street? Did anybody really know for sure? No. No. The early church would have made that stuff up about Jesus. No because that's absolutely before churches people who invent religions don't do it in the self-serving way. You have to understand that. When men invent religions they don't make man superior to women. They don't they don't talk about slaves when white people invent religions they don't make black people subservient. What do they have to gain? Right exactly. I heard that 45,000 people saw Jesus and McDonald's yesterday. Poovam wrong. The Tavian New York Main Street McDonald's. Jesus 57,000 people. 128,000 people. Poovam wrong God damn it. Come on I'm waiting. Here's a mobile and pompano hello. Hi Neo. Yes sir. Can you play butterfly kisses? Yeah right play this. Go play with yourself. Here's a mobile and horror letter. Hello. Hello Neo. Yes sir. You demand? Yeah. Neo. Lift religion. Lift Christianity. I'm a Christian. You can eat it. Oh man. You can eat it. Choose it or lose it. What do you don't have to choose it? You can't eat it. What does that mean? Choose it. What does that mean? You can choose to have faith. How does with this cutie? Choose it. Peter you have faith or you don't have faith now. What faith and what? Faith and faith and Christ and the way he moves your life. The way he moves your life? Absolutely. Because somebody made up a story like this and therefore you believe it and it has an impact on your life. You must have a very well week life. No, no. It's not being like an emotional weekling. No. It's not necessarily whether you believe or like you said earlier. All these writing centuries ago or handed down absolutely no question about it. The words have changed slightly. If not more than life. It's not a question of whether the words change and not during the thousands of reinterpretations or translations. But it's a question of who the people were that wrote in what their motivations were. I don't think their motivations were anything but positive. I mean that you could interpret at any number of ways just like you can interpret a television show one way or another or your radio show. Your radio shows humor. That's amazing. Is that why they're gone kept on and to kill all the other enemies? Is that why because they didn't have any selfish motives? Uh, don't count your good. That's not really the point. Well, well, what is the point? The point is that it's easier. It's real easy to sit back and just pretend that you really believe something that you know you don't. You know you don't believe any of that crap. Why don't you? Why don't you for once in your life? I'm giving you a golden opportunity of a lifetime to stand up as a thinking, living and breathing person and say, I know that it's a bunch of crap but I just can't say that because it's not the American F and way. Come on, Sam. Okay, Neil. The reason why I'm not going to say it's a bunch of crap and you know it. The reason you don't know it, sir. Do you know what's a bunch of crap? Yeah, come on. Neil, the reason you're saying it. Yeah. The reason you know you just refuse to do it because you don't want to step out a lot. Oh, for dying there's nobody listening because it's not really true. It's just you are. Okay. As far as all the killing stuff go, you keep pounding on. As far as that goes, that is, and I know you've heard of. You're wandering, sir. You're wandering. I'm not debating. Please bear me out. You're dancing. You're doing what Daniel was talking about. You're doing at highly, highly mobile a routine year is right. Please be very often from one spot to another. Please, please, you're a snap of quick step. Please bear me out. Yeah. If it was a perfect world, if people were perfect. Well, why isn't it a perfect world? If you love you, finish out. Tell you. If it was a perfect world, then there would be no killing, then Moses. Well, sir, why didn't God create a perfect world? Well, because we are human beings. We're not crazy. Why didn't we aid human beings perfect? Why did he need to come up with his ridiculous fairy tale that most people in the world that I still ever heard about by the way? Why did he have to do that when he could have invented paradise? Why did he do that? Yeah. He created Christ who's sir. Are you answering my question? I'm trying to. But you're not. You're not responding. You're dancing again. You're dancing. Even predesteras and buries. Why didn't he create a perfect world? He did create a perfect world. And what happened? It's just inhabited by imperfect people, which Christ was sent down to everybody. Sir, you're not your mental pigemys. Sir, if God created man perfect, how could it be imperfect today? It's not even created. If you have the most perfect little, uh, magic that was ever born. Okay. He's always going to be perfect. He can't someday be imperfect. You're missing. Why don't understand the meaning of perfection. You don't understand what the word perfect means. Perfect means no flaws. No imperfections. No weakness. No faults. No. You're absolutely correct, sir. Thank you. Bye, my first. Two open lines in date two and broad. Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty. On the 18 two wireless line. Try to get saved here today. We want to hear it. We want to hear the list of all these things that have happened in our lifetime that we never will know the answer to. Or probably we'll never know. At least not for sure. The list must be as long as you're guide them long. Okay. At least. Father, you have no other boy. I'm gonna catch that. No. When I was little, I was a skinny little. Fun. They wouldn't let me play basketball. The game just pushed me around. Even the host beat to grab that in me. But then I started drinking milk. I can't go on drinking. I can't go on drinking. I can't go on drinking. And now I'm a six-foot-five-inch 285-pound angry nut on the ****. And I'm gonna put some serious hurt on everybody who ever did me. You **** me. You go home in a body bag. Put on my natural phone. Milk. Free get chillin'. Milk. It does a body. It's 11.02 with 5.60. But you can't go over it. Sure with two. We got the six-foot-clock boot. Shambi who's bigger than life itself. We got it in a cap of the 10. Tomorrow night we got the panties in Colorado the ambulance. We'll kind of a meager schedule for the month of March. Pretty, pretty weak. Avalanche with the Oferi tomorrow night at the Omercarina. Here's a mobile informeyer. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I just get a couple of things they had to this conversation. First of all, what happens to the energy of a candle when you put it out? Oh, it goes in the wind. Don't you remember that time? And how many people have seen Elvis since he died? All the time. And what's everywhere? That's it. I think he's winning now. He's a joint. Yeah, he's a real winner. He's worth it. Yeah. That's it. And the third thing is, and you do need a pulver wall on the back over your eyes. They don't want you to have that little off your eyes. You don't want your eyes over there. There are a whole cup of people in this country. You believe that Elvis is still alive. And spend time slumping up there to Graysland. The day that I would want to go that I talked to you about Graysland and all the idiots that go up there wasting their money to a washer but deadman who is nothing but a healthy rock singer. I mean, this is that's going to tell you what culture all about. All the way to where I'm. Well, have a great day sir. Okay. God bless you. We have an open line. There's an intelligent man in four miles. He liked that. They can't pull the wheel over his eyes. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Yeah, we're waiting on you. We're waiting to be converted here today. All of us heads, especially on poor and what a great day this would be to be converted to get the real war to get the truth, the real story, the MS and everyone of these every single one of these people that call today and last year and 21 years ago and 22 years ago. Oh my god, I bet you those are home and passion. Are those home and passion? Oh, thank you so much. They're from David Halbersdam. There's a good Jewish boy. Oh, David Halbersdam. Now those look like I hate to say this. Okay, because I know David got very good taste. Our close personal friend David would never send us those little goyishir. You know the ones I'm talking about. Hardaway last one. Let's sign my barley. Three, put it on. Oh, fuck oh, he hit it. Yeah, they are. There's little triangles. The real hard one is the goyishir. Real nice box full of goodies by the way with chocolates and some fruit and stuff like that. We're talking to you. You can't have it. But you can have all of it. I don't want any. I'm the like, I'm still suffering from last night eating it all those biscotties. And we got so many fat people in this building. I know they were trying to be nice to me, but it's not an excuse for bringing in a big. You should have seen the size of that cake. There are people. There are people listening to me right now who live in the apartment smaller than the cake. They brought in here yesterday. And then you know a nice Italian basket of goodies that had some cheeses in it. That was very nice. And you know, some other stuff. And then a big thing of biscottie loaded with sugar. And I thought, I thought, well, I just eat one or two. They're smaller and like little small ones. There's another box for hate. Another box of what? Of home and option, right? Do not give them to them. Don't give Hank any home and touch them. Please. Okay, he's lost 30 pounds. He's looking good. The man is diabetic. Let's, let's, this fact, I'm, I'm going to forget about food because he looks to me to be beyond hope. And he don't seem to care. But Hank got a couple of real good scares. Once you get a good scare like a stroke, you get the high blood pressure you find your diabetic. Once you get a real good scare, you go, oh, and maybe just maybe you might be able to do a little bit better. I'll give the box to clearance. You could put on a few pants. There you go. We have an open line of date one and a broad 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Another call from Fort Myers, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Good evening. I just wanted to say I really enjoy these these topics when you get off on religion. And the letter about the guy saying that you were hopeless, you had no hope. This guy, he knows me and said, and I, this guy wouldn't know me if I walked into his house right now in Spittin' his face. He wouldn't have any idea who I was. But he's an expert. I have a lack of hope. I'm lonely, a lack of purpose in life. He hurts for me. And in me time, I'm doing pretty damn good. I'm not, you know, last time I checked, I don't have any major problems at the moment. I guess that's my only point. It's really the people without hope that get drawn into all this thing just because it makes some feel for me. It makes it make it feel better that with that we can, it should be as weak as they are. So, it's a big created in the image of God and so forth. And then, then, anyone on on this thing of perfection, or at least maybe that was the next caller. And, you know, man's like the most ridiculously imperfect thing on planet Earth. I've got two dogs here, Labrador retrievers, and I'm telling you, Neil, they're probably better than most people we are. They're perfect. Both of them are perfect. But anyway, congratulations on your 23 years on the air. We love you over here. We've only been getting you for a year. And me and all my Columbian buddies, man. We're okay. The oblasts you sir. Okay, there's the anti-Columbian guy. Well, at least give me a little bit of sense sometimes. Maybe, maybe when he goes to purgatory, he'll be in there with the bunch of Columbians. At least I got the good stuff. Okay, we got two open lines a day to it, Broward. Pretty weak here this morning. So far, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What's going on with this phone? Or what just happened? Why is line 7 lit up? Because you had it twice. No, I did not. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, I'm my name's Christina. And I like your show Christina. What? I don't understand what you're saying, but I do like your show. I just wanted to share something with you. I'm 19 years old. Right. And out of this whole world, the only thing that I've learned is that I've learned things by myself. I can't listen to what anybody told me or what I read and I just have to find things of myself and the more that I do find out the less I understand. But I just wanted to review something throughout all the bad things that are to go on and everything. Somehow I have like this line faith and I don't want to release something. And it says even if I ever had some attention, it seemed for years to be producing no result. One day a light that is an exact proportion to them, most legisol and that was the invite some small and well. And to me, I just think that you know, one day all of this stuff that doesn't happen will make sense. And I do have faith in that. So. 3, 3, 3, 5. Faith in 1. I don't know. It's like it's like an average connection with God that I've created throughout these years. And when I do have faith things do happen. You know, when I do believe but I do truly believe in that. And I don't listen to anybody else. And and just because they believe in it, I believe in it. But you know. Okay, Christina, I'll be watching your show this afternoon. He's talking about. Have a great day. See you. I'm going to be talking about. He's got a big hit. A big fat, two to hit. I know that's the floor. You've been loves Neil Rogers. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hangar. They scare the shit out of people and intimidate them and it's giving you whatever you want. That's right, handcuffs. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for fear. Paul the convenience. They consume some pretzels while you're at it's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution the life's complex crops. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the dancing of the street, just buy a lot of handcuffs. It's a great alternative to working problems out if the considered as population controls. Yes, handcuffs. They just might make it thanks. Thank you. That's the America's fucking way. Hey man, 1114 at 5.50 W to Q a m. Two open lines in Broward 400 and day 6,000 in Palm Beach. We had every line lit up on the board when we went into that break. But hey, it's all spots radio and they don't want to hang on. They have an urgent date with the Lord. 5. 6.705. 50. Palm 5. 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Naples, hello. Hi, hey. I love you. You hung on and won other and that's it. I just, uh, just this girl just like you, she made me crazy. Who Christina? We set the last one. Yeah, Christina. Oh, is she a regular? No, but we don't have any regulars. We don't do names. So when somebody gives them a kind of like, I mean, I like to stick out. Series series, ainal with her. Yeah. Oh, I mean, you know, what was her story? Maybe that was her story. Maybe she's into anal. Maybe she's anal retent or maybe just banal I think would be a better word. Or on the ball. Yeah. As she's a type of. If you don't even know what time or show is on. She has a show. Okay. We have an open line of Broward, Altree and Day 5, 6705, 60 and Palm 5, 60. Yeah. Yeah. She got a show. Oh, deals, Neil. Here's a mobile and high, Leah. Hello. Hey, I'm doing this. Okay. I just can't see that. I began to have this question for me. The head system is God. I don't know. There was watching news here. They own a lady was in a parking lot. We're not looking at you. Not Christina. I don't know. She was in a parking lot changing and diaper for two years of the girl. Some guy came in and picked both of them off. Rate the lady in front of you girl and then drop them off in the church. Now I will God send somebody to do something like that in a place where he's being worshiped. Yeah. Or even not. Okay. Well, hold your breath and now let's you know when we're going to let it up and you're breath too. Okay. We're waiting for an answer on that. How come God permits all these horrible things? All these grotesque disgusting all the slaughter and all the massacre of innocent decent people. All of these things. Well, wait for the answer for that. I don't want taking more than 30 seconds to figure it out. One call after the board. You're weak. You're really weak. You're just a tragic. Every time we have this kind of a conversation, you just can't hold a candle in the window any place else, not even in your. Breakfast. 567 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Mobile and Western. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Congratulations on your 23rd year. I hope you have another 23rd year. Yeah. You're the best thing that has ever happened to talk radio in South Florida where you have so national. What are you going to come up to Boka? I'm not. You're not at all. I want to Boka for what? I want to go to Boka. If I want to see old Jews, I go to summarize. I live right there. We got a lot of young ones down here. Well, I wish all the best. Okay. Thank you. I'm a good one. Okay. There's that was like I said nothing to say. Two open lives a day to a bar. Come on. Let's get in the middle of the matter. You're the smart people on the dummy. I'm going to want to supposed to be a real asshole. Let's hear it. Like that guy. A few calls to go and I challenged him. I gave him the opportunity about 20 minutes ago. I gave him the chance of a lifetime right in front of all a man kind of say this is all a bunch of crap. And I know it. And I'm saying it only because I've been programmed to say that I really believe it. And I don't. If I had a dollar for every person in America who pretends that they believe in all his horsecrafts that they've been brainwashed with, I wouldn't be sitting here right now. Wasted my time begging for phone calls. You know, I would just say the George during last commercial break. I said it just just sitting here in the middle of the show. It made me understand why I love Europe so much. It's the one place left in the entire world that isn't dominated by religious fanaticism. I'm not saying there are a few here. Like, you know, and there you find a round around and about. But throughout most of that continent doesn't exist. But you go to this continent. Of course, this country we got every kind of religious nut and cults and right wing maniacs and you go south of the border, baby. And all you got is, you know, the workings of the Pope overpopulation and starvation and misery and suffering, which is what the Catholic Church exports the best ignorance and starvation and suffering and overpopulation. And then you go to the far east and of course they all got there. Do do do do do do do, you know, they all got their pseudo intellectual bullcraft religions where they're rubbing on their head, which is probably why they reproduce so much in China, too much rubbing on the bald head. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes. I have a question. Yes. Maybe they can answer this for me. According to the Bible, there was K and Able, right? Adam needs had a whole question. Okay. We have an open line of Broward to and Dave. And we can't we can't we transcend the old pirate stuff. Okay. They had sisters, which of course, because they were women, you didn't read too much about them. And it was incessed and incessed is best. And that's why, you know, just like it what goes on in Tennessee. You see the product of centuries of incessed. You see, you know, all these weird, uh, are just going to entry. Just watch the liberalence again. That'll answer your question. Just look up at that cue with a band you win the tree. 560560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Kindle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Enough of the grad. Uh, I got a question for Neil. Hello. I'm listening. Sir. I'm listening for the moment. I'm sorry. When you talk about your vacations, I'm always interested. What's your typical day like an Amsterdam? What, why are you interested? Are you ready to book? No, I like to travel and I like to find out what other people do. Yeah. If you go to Amsterdam quite often. Why just hang around read a good book? Hot gasex. You know, hot gasex, yeah, that's it. I mean, a lot of drugs. Do you go to museums? So yeah, I go to museums. I go to the Anne Frank, how I see how Anne is feeling. She's still up there in the attic. I mean, do these things are the same things repeatedly? Do I do the same people repeatedly? I just go there and read the same book. I go to the same supermarket. I go to the same McDonald's, he'd the same meal. I mean, you know, you say you're interested in traveling, which I don't believe for a moment. I think I think what you are as a person with the life who's got an unnatural interest in mind. But, you know, when you would go to a place like a real city, why would you need my assistant? It's like, I don't like people that say, well, I'm going to Vegas. Can you recommend a good restaurant? I don't need your assistant. Yeah. Kind of interested. Why? Well, to care for example, what I when I travel, I usually go to places where I have an empty floor. I usually don't go repeatedly to the same place. Yeah. Sometimes I go to new places. Sometimes I go to old places. It's like anything else. You know, I mean, you come back from your chips and you say you had a great time, but you never really say what you did or what you typical days like. Of course not. Of course not. Of course not. Because this isn't, you know, an inside look at the orangish person life. Of course not. Okay. That's what you feel. It's okay. If anybody would feel. I mean, you want me to go over the details of every meal that I had with that big good of every bowel movement that I was. Good ones, bad ones, tough ones, easy ones. No, I just like to get some for how they heat was in a hotel in the crash of the Polski. Would you like me to talk about that? Well, I just like perhaps to get some ideas as to how other people do things when they're on trips. Well, see, other, and here's a very simple answer. People do what they got any comments. People do whatever they enjoyed doing when they go on a trip. Okay. Now, if you want to go to museums, if that's your idea, if you like fine art, if you wanted to like culture, vengol, if you like to go see the diamond factory, none of those things have any interest to me. But if that would be what you'd be interested in, have a great time. You'd have you have a wonderful time. I understand that. I was just wondering what interest you when you travel at home. Yeah. I mean, I've listened for a long time. Right. And I'm not trying to be a bad guy or anything like that. Right. I just, when you come back from your chips, I wonder what, you know, I'm just, I just sit there on Dan Square and I watch the pigeons keep dropping their loads all over the place. I think what a great thing it is to be here. Well, that's what I do all day. Keep moving. Okay. Oh my god, took this guy like four minutes to basically say what most of them want to say. I have no life. Right. All the lines in data are open. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Yeah. What kind of food you like to eat? I mean, like, and what kind of toilet paper? Oh, by the way, speaking of toilet paper, I've meant to mention this before the greatest spot in the history of TV. Forget about those Super Bowl ads. Greatest spot is the Bud Light spot with the two guys at the counter with the groceries. And they got a six pack of Bud Light and they got a raw a packet toilet paper. And then they got a couple of other Regrosary items. And the kid holds out the one hand. He's got like a couple of crumpled dollar bills, little change. And the cashier, she's chopping on her gum looking like Madonna, and she's not sorry, not enough. And then they take a couple of the food items away. And they got like the Bud Light and the toilet paper and one or two other not enough. And then they down to like the six pack of Bud Light and the toilet paper. And the music gets real loud and depending like there's this tremendous decision to make it. They look at each other. And finally, you see the the bag boy grabbing the six pack of Bud Light. And he says, people are plastic. The sound just like guilty by the way, the bag boy. Good job, we're in by the way. Paper, plant paper. They both say simultaneous like. And then she's chopper gumman is there about to leave. She needs to receive guys. And she's got the little receipt from the any grab out of her hand in the Russian and the best Russian style. The Russians know how to take the tiniest people with paper, the thing. Although the old Spanish woman according to George York, Cuban woman, you know, if you save it in the box, you can always recycle it. Right, Mama Sita. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Finally, oh. Yes, sir. I wanted to know if you've seen any hockey overseas. Have I seen any hockey overseas? No. No. Well, I was in Switzerland for a while and I got to see some of the semi-prote teams there. The level of hockey is pretty good. Yeah. The style is a little bit different. There's not as many line changes. Yeah. But I just wondered since you're in Hollywood. I wouldn't be the last thing I would ever think about going to a hockey game in Europe. I would be the last thing that would ever cross my mind. I understand. All right. But I'll see you at the museum. Okay. We have an open line of Broward to a date. 560 and Pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Yeah. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. On cinemas tonight at 1130. There was something that if you watch, I promise you tomorrow you will be speaking about it on the air. Yeah. End of me in this one, you know, tonight cinemas at 1130. It's a surprise. It's a surprise. Yes. I'm going to stay up at 1130 to see a surprise. Why don't you tell us what it is because I'm not going to be on surprises. What's your own show? What is it? You don't watch your show on whammy? I show it hasn't been on whammy for two and a half months. You can. I show you how much I watch whammy. What do you want? What do you want to know what to do with cinemas? What are you talking about? What language are you speaking, sir? Yeah. What is that? What is it? Sir, trust me on this. You love interview cinemas tonight. Just watch it. Give it a chance. I'll be staying up to 1130 at 1130 at 1130 unless it's something extraordinary. If you want to tell us what it is, which is your final opportunity to even tell us and if not, we'll move on. Neil, do you have a record? Okay. We have an open line at Broward 560. These people, man. They all got a big mystery. They all like to guide me for. Well, what is it that you like to do? Where do you go? What's your, you know, and the nostril, you blow through? What's your handy wipe with when you take a good dump? You know, I mean, Jesus Christ, whatever happened to the fine art of verbal intercourse. But I mean, maybe we got a TV guy. Maybe we can, or maybe I'll get the hell out here during the break. I think that's your way, both lifestyle sections because there was nothing in the about my anniversary. Maybe somebody can look in their TV book and tell us what's I'm cinemas 1130 tonight that I'm not going to be wasting my time taping. Yeah, don't you want your own show on whammy? What? Why, why, why, what show? What are you talking about, sir? Maybe he knows Christina. That's possible. Ooh. I have no penis. Well, I think what to do with our 2AM. Look, that bag is back on a game. I want what they had before. These are my kind of guys. And the hell are they doing anyway? We command we sound a guy, really, James. I want more, Chris Moore. Go, boys, you feel high. Oh, I need to go. When I listen to this part, I'm an early boys, won't get eye-abention. But we're really getting set for this, George. Let's wait the high boys who give the other reaction. Well, I hate what they do without you, way. Oh, I'm not back in back on a game. I'm going to miss here and straighten it with voice this eye. Now I'll have to get deeper as I closet again. So I've been impressed on the Macho Chris. Oh, yeah, that's a great score. And I'd like to help the thing on the side. Yeah, very nice of them. I have a Macho sports guy. His voice has had some cracks. They were 12 years old. Yeah, and they learned that. Yeah, stand up, really close to the radio and press it down. And their voices on up there really makes my balls stick on here. Yeah, that girl, man. Yeah, he's harder than my impression. Yeah. I don't know what to think if you can call me bro, I can call you. It's 1131 at 5.60 WKOM. The homestead and the most amazing voices in history of radio. I'm serious. We got to get that helium dive back in here again. Get us a big tank. Have something around him. Sok on. Here's a mobile in Margate, hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. After that last call, I kind of understand why you believe there's no god. But I can definitely like that. I'm going to try this. Which one? Because I forget them so fast. The guy with the cinema. Oh yeah. Like I've come gigantic. Even Robert Stack never saw an unsolved mystery like this one. Did you look it up? Yeah, no. No. I don't have the thing here. Somebody have to call in. It's not worth it. I've been with you like 16 or 18 years. Congratulations on the anniversary. Thank you. And I'm going to try from some unsubvenal and the killing time to shoot a few salvation blows across your bow there. It was saying how you thought God would make the world perfect if he was going to make the world. But what would be the point of that? Why would you make a point of it? What would be the point of making it less than perfect if you were a loving God, which you're the Jews and Christians claim that he is. If he were a loving God, he wouldn't want any suffering. He would want to make people live forever. He would want to make sure that they were invulnerable like he is so that they don't have any disease. So that they're, you know, can't be injured by any of the elements or what have you. He would make it a perfect world. Let's just make a comment. Since if they were a perfect God, are you a merciful man? You watch hockey there's not a perfect sport if it. What does that have to do with God? You take the pleasure in the game. Yeah. What if we're a chick saw possibly? I didn't invent it. I didn't invent the way the game is played. I didn't invent violence. But if you needed to invent a puzzle to you, mus yourself, would you build one that was easily solved? We're all that. So what you're saying is that God invented the universe because he was bored and this is all just for his amusement. Just like just like the Bible tells a man and his convince man that the rest of the animal kingdom, God just invented for a man's amusement. Well, it could be that we're just a curious solving the problem to making our choice. So solving problems or making problems. I don't think man is solving any problems. Man is making problems. He's destroying the atmosphere. He's destroying the environment. And his creating problems. He's killing each other. He's wiping out his entire species of animals. Man of its solving problems. He's creating them. But you know why? In addition to which why are their problems? Why did God have to create a place where there are problems? Because if there's no problem. Sure. Let me say this to you. If God is perfect. God couldn't have a temper. It's totally totally defies the definition of the word perfect or perfection. He couldn't be temperamental. But the God of the Bible is always getting pissed off. His wrath shall wax hot. He's not happy with the way things are going. He's going to have a flood. He's going to send down the locus. He's pissed off. And yet this is the God who created it. And he knew an advance what man was going to do. So God is a status. Well, I don't buy the Bible version of God. Oh, God, God, God version of we talking about. What I'm talking about. I'm talking about. To go by. What bubble might see in my supposed to believe now? Well, they look up and that's what they see. I look up and I see something else. Oh, what do you mean you look up? Look up at what? What does it look like when I look at a head of lettuce? And I try to figure out how something's so perfect is there. I had a head of lettuce is perfect. I don't know what's wrong with you. You can do it often in lately. Oh, God. But there's fruit. I'm a billion varieties. No, perfect. fruits and there's imperfect roots. Believe me, I'm at both varieties. You ever go to science class and I did want to go to films where they show you where the world would be if there was just no zinc. What does that have to do with anything? No, I don't. I don't think it's a zinc. I don't think it's a natural element. Isn't it a part of nature? What does God got to do with zinc? You know, it is everything. Fear we need. If you want to build everything. Anything you need it's here. That's why we're bringing back things from Mars and from outer space because they're all the elements we need are here. Well, that's put there for you. How about the elements that we don't have enough of? Such as. Oh, it's gold. Oh, God bless you and have a wonderful life. Okay. Mr. Bubble might see there. He's got his own. He's got his own little version of it. Everybody's got. They feel compelled even though they just aren't strong enough to say, this is all a pile of crap. You know, you people are a bunch of silly people. They can't do that. So, well, I don't believe in there, guy. You know, that's the Bible. And yeah, I believe in my own love. I look up there. Oh, there it was. What do you see up there? Is it out there? Is it up there? Is it down there? Is it in there? Is it the journey to the center of the earth with Pat Boone? Is it James Duran in the time tunnel? What is it? And you notice not one person has responded to what I said about all the great mysteries, not of ancient times, but of our time. All the questions that will never have a God damn answer for. Did O.J. kill Ron in the cool? And I know the overwhelming majority of us believe the answer is absolutely positively. Yes. But will we ever know for sure? No. Things that have happened just in the last couple years. Diana, that they made such a big semisabot. Who was a much into about nothing, that bitch. Princess Diana was there a conspiracy? Was it really a murder by the whatever to hell at the KGB of Britain? Whatever the thing is, was it, do we know? No. Will we ever know? No. You could make a list from here until it's all the way to Tallahassee. Of all of the things that have happened just in the last few years, that will never ever have the answers for all of these things. That's right. And yet here we got people who just are insistent on accepting the word because through the generations all these old wives tail, these bubble mice, these fairy tales have been handed down. And a lot of people, a lot of good business people discovered, hey, this is a good way to control people and get a whole lot of their money too. Control their mind, control their money, get all that power, a Janet Paul Cratchford, and I could all those TV stations man, like a pyramid scan. Is what it is. Not like a pyramid scan. It is a pyramid scan. Only this one's tax-free. Here's Miami. Hello? Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I've been listening to you for a long time since you were with Zeta. Yes. Very good. Enjoy. One thing I had to say was the Panterina. Thanks. Yeah. It's awful. But, uh, cop bless you and see you. Okay. Excellent call. Uh huh. We have an open line in date. 560 and 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. By the way, they said the new air can of the center is beautiful, but the ice is the worst in the league. What I'd tell you about these new joints including ours, where the ice is really so bad, but nobody wants to listen. Because they don't know from it. Okay. They're listening to Goli. Bapapapapapapaya. Theo Flurry on that power play. Yeah. The amount of misinformation given on this radio station by people who have no idea what they're talking about who don't do any homework, who don't really pay any attention to what. And like I said, this is a place that can get away with it because the man says out there most of them don't know either. They don't know Theo Ferry from the tooth theory, which he could use by the way. Could use some help. Of course he was asleep in the back seat. He didn't see anything going on. They are a child of our kids. With their hands through their hands, they don't go out on your own. Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do with those. Search all around but you won't see anything. With a deep deep deep deep. When not too some pairs, the marvellous feeling of making the other patty. But the patty's stick to the ceiling Smoking in the bathroom making out in the hall Or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodge ball Yeah, I remember that It's a little paper-wise with a fire alarm The war wasn't so easy with a cherry spot I took a frog in biology class Find yourself a nerd and wait for his hands What do you be here here? In chemistry When you make the class a patty vellet Start a food voyage Milk after a nose Or when you're going to school What anything goes The same school Don't go out on your own But there's a whole lot of stuff You just can't do it home A search out around But you won't see A seat A seat A round But you won't see A seat Oh What did you see? At 425 at 560 WQM The award-winning headgoer brochure A two of the fat bookshobby show at six And the desperate headcappling show The desperate only because he's not making any money Gulfstream ten o'clock tonight That was nice of it to call in yesterday How'd you set that up? See this was all contrived yesterday Ordinarily would have been very nice But as soon as I saw the card from you happy anniversary Which I'd forgotten about I knew that we were, you know, had a whole bunch of crap coming up But I killed a good day yesterday It was great By the way for the guy that's the voyeur The one that's gotten all life in his very concerned about What I do I liked the virgin records in the Magnum Plaza Which is now a big free story Shopping Plaza Which used to be a sort of old castle It's right behind the Royal Castle at the Dan Square And it used to be the Amsterdam main post office Was there? And then some enterprising business man I saw documentary on it while I was there Came along and turned it into a big Magnum Plaza And there's a huge virgin record in there And I bought some music How do you like that? Yeah Like steps, steps from London This I'm not gonna play this Could be even on me Come on, let's go Well, it's a slow starter So there's something for you to write down And you little diary that you keep in track Now for more stuff busy body Nothing worse than a guy because anybody that's a busy body You know what they're trying to tell you They have absolutely no effing life whatsoever None zero Here's having a chair Hello Hey, have been a Russian hero Thank you so much This is the Amolka Colabrava All right I was listening to you When you brought up the whole point of under Making it over there Have you used a bro? Yeah, I said bro Okay, that could say you spoke But anyway go ahead Hey, uh, what were the Jamaican? Yeah, I'm not. Why didn't I get any response on that? Yeah, I'm on Because I agree with you I'm happy that I'm a lot When I hear or see certain things like these Or it doesn't have to be to make you clear Brother could be a black person who's uh Akin stupid and we're in a crazy hand Looking you know abrasive Not an Amsterdam though No They were all like those islands people It's all like they're cut out of the same mold They all got the same rostah here and the same the same rap You know the cop cop cop what do you what do you need? Go Go you know You know I go to work everyday They all look the same I'll smell the same and of course I have a feeling Yeah, I mean I do realize that every country He's got to have a certain number of Caribbean people So they have enough drugs Yeah But other than that you know I think they got enough other kinds of drugs There should keep everybody happy Right, you know all the things that you were going The whole rate thing with an opponent Yeah And we're crossing the news and I was going to news about that And I saw these two and a pleasant with the California All the people stand on the street corners We're rate this side of the Marsau stuff And this is being deemed all over the world And these crazy people stand out that corner's matter Wait, that's all for allegations Well you'll feel better the rest of the world is that they don't give a crap They realize how primitive the American people are Okay All right, well I'll know you take it easy Okay, bro All right, yeah, I'll follow whatever Well if you call me bro, I've been going to call you She's wrong, what's wrong with that? Now he's got a good point and I think that you know See this is the this whole business about labels and about races and about religions See within like the thing with the orthodox Jews Now you know that I mentioned the several days before when a vacation No response on that of course because the rest of us are all embarrassed about it I guess all of us of us Jews which are like nine million Jews in South Florida by the way Do you know that that there's 12 million Jews down here But at any rate, you know so the orthodox against the conservative and reform And then you've got the the Hispanics who all hate each other The Cubans who wait to grab Puerto Ricans and the Colombians who wait to Mexican and it's all the same And one thing we never realized they were always hearing it the other way around about how they like it's some kind of it It's part of that impurious attitude like did you make it in women always tell you about when that real arrogant better than now Kind of sending attitude Well seems to me a lot of the island people got the same attitude toward black Americans Oh, well, I'm not a black I'm from wherever you know fill in the blank I'm from like a real progressive place like Haiti something like that I have a feeling that there's a lot of resentment there because we're talking about really different kinds of cultures And the plan I was trying to make yesterday and repeating this business about all these damn drug dealers out on the streets There days rise to people from the Netherlands and till you've known these other damn Dutch islands Who have their passport so they can't keep them out is that they create a very ugly stereotype And I think we're Saturday night. I'm walking down one of the streets on a damn rack one of the main shopping streets there And here's another one is you know these rostes marches Crock, I wanted to say to them, but of course, you know sometimes discretion is the better part of valor But I wanted to say are there any of you black folks in this town who aren't busy selling illegal drugs on the streets But I didn't say it There's other than that it's nothing. You know it's paradise, but there's always got to be something They always got to be some sugar in the wood palm no matter where you go Here's Fort Lauderdale hello Fort Lauderdale Hi, God. Yes, sir. GD stands for good effort dummy. Well, you were gone. The show seems so long What George is talking that guy blows. Okay, thanks. Open line of Broward 560 560 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line Where's I thought I saw her on there. Well, let's dispense with it Happy prom happy for him to you happy prom to you. Yeah, how are you? Today really the day? Huh? I said happy poem Thank you. I didn't have luck with the home in Toshan. Yeah, good. We don't need no home in Toshan. Okay, it'll make you fat and sick take years off your life I know but my left-est are you all the home in Toshan. My knees got me those little white hog ones No, no listen now. Well, sometimes a little white hog one ain't bad, you know, that's what I call it You're like a son of a bitch. Yes, a kneel. Yeah, I agree with you on this angel array. Yeah, she's got a thing on it I think it's a disease. She art. I think he's got a big chirping problem is what she's got. I think a no, she looks like she's ready to attack that guy's Yeah, don't you think I don't know. I'm ready. I'm gonna. I'm channel fours off my station now. I'm too Negative by the channel for they I got my letter from the satellite super star connection and because the channel for in CBS I got to they got to take my national CBS thing off my big vision. I can't see it anymore So goodbye to channel for good about any of these local affiliates that want to try to force us to watch what we don't want to watch Right, this is supposed to be America. That would be like my forcing anybody that wanted to listen to radio in this town in AM station Listen to QA and work. Well, you know who the hell would like wouldn't like to have a deal like that? This morning you mentioned Larson cup right I haven't heard that since I was a young girl. I know my unit sweetheart. Yeah, you're so do I'm a real scholar Yeah, okay, Neil have a happy same to you. Thank you, thank God. See you. Bye bye She said thank you. Good. We have an open line at Broward 560 70560 pound five 60 on a mobile one as we keep plotting along here Waiting to hear about the perfect God the imperfect God the silly silly stories from silly silly people who just refuse to say goodbye The Sandy claws and the two theory and the boogeyman under the bed Rimes with dead. That's the problem. They don't like the dead parts And let me tell you again if there was a god he wouldn't give you like 65 75 80 maybe 90 years if you're lucky He wouldn't do that if there was a loving God and he also wouldn't make you wrinkled up and shriveled it. He wouldn't make you as you get order look like a prone He wouldn't do that to us But nature like I told you nature is impad this passionate that you doesn't care Nature is the board of emotions nature just is like we are it just is So you that's what it is and you know if you can accept it fine and do the best you can if you can't accept it. I'll get a crunch Turn on Jan and Paul. Crutch on our channel 45. They'll help you. I'll take your money and help you. I'll give you an offer that nobody would refuse For the right price you can go to heaven. You can have eternal everlasting life Your soul the human soul will go up there up there Maybe car can't once saw what was up there maybe he jumped a little bit too high and that silly suit with the tights that used to where maybe he went a little bit too high Or maybe whoever wrote Superman was a little bit too high when he wrote it Maybe that's what was wrong with George Reeves Did Chris Reeve well here is a Miami hello Miami. Yes, hello. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. It's okay. Don't be sorry. I didn't call you to convince you that God's real or whatever But I call the tip to tell you that I love Amsterdam also I visit it and I it's a beautiful place Plus it's not anything like America right that's why I think we're placed. They're not why Even like America no I mean in order to talk about that for anything but I go there and I enjoy the night life and More educational things like business. Right. That is but I also want to make another point that people will I'm black and people that are Some other country like Jamaica or Shady or whatever they do to a high and This associate themselves American yeah, what you ought to be you ought to be pleased with that Well, I don't certainly an Amsterdam the the Caribbean black people there give all black people from all over the world of bad name by their behavior Just the disgraceful You know what I'm talking about well, I didn't really say any bad behavior when I was there So I mean you're probably not hanging out in the right neighborhood right no, no, I didn't really go you know I can't say you know safe places right So that's what I mean I just call to say that I don't know I don't know they're deal but about trying to Disposal shape themselves. I mean I don't care who they are. Yeah, they wanted to have a very condescending origin kind of attitude I guess they feel like I got better weed than you guys have a great day sweet. Right be on the damrack I'll stubleaf donkabel that's it. That's why two words. I'll stubleaf and did anybody ever call in the no they did what are they saying? Was I right it's kind of like Italian prego there there you go. Oh about that no I thought you were talking about something else about what else that 11 30 on cinema. Oh, what isn't The tell you during the break You don't want to go on here. I I don't want him to go on the ear Trust me. We have an open line a date five six seven off about sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Hey, New Thank you I turn off the TV because it's in the NBA Oh Well rather than you just You You Yeah, he's really credit for the sports world no question about that it's a minute pass note in five sixty w to Q a m That's the next time you go into McDonald's say I'll have a triple double please We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line By the way, we got a big event coming on Friday this Friday. We've been waiting for this for months I know all of you are on the edge of your seat Marlins in Tampa exhibition baseball 1250 in a PM from Viera We got a whole bunch of those this month which we say All right, yeah, not good for the ratings, but you know something it's a good way to kind of work your way back in Come back from vacation you'll have too many days with the whole four hours Friday. We got like two hours and 50 minutes sounds real good to me And of course Hank he'll be on after the game which means like about the four four thirty little six he's probably going Yeah, sounds okay Because that's all it's just what we need to go. Those numbers backup is a good exhibition baseball Because we sure loved the Marlins here on Q.A.M. here is Miami. Hello Yes, you're one of my name is Scott on the Marlin games. What is it? I have a call for you. Yeah, if God lived on earth People will throw rock at his windows. Yeah, pretty much it. Okay, we have an open line in date five six seven. How can we do any stick today five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty under the AT&T wireless line Let us down pal for waiting for your stick Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello They all yes sir happy anniversary. Well, thank you so much Hey Neil, do we really want to follow a God that would have his son brutally murdered as a way of showing his love for us What the hell is that on out? Well, it's just a God like I told you it's a God of violence and sadism and wrath and hate and waxing hot and melting pot and all this other stuff Yeah, and what kind of a God is it that would convince us or allow us to believe that prayer would be helpful When he already knows the outcome and what reason I help us or not what is that all about? And beyond that Neil, why are all of these lunatics wearing crosses if the leader of what I believe to be a miraculous religion died in the electric chair I wouldn't wear an electric chair around my neck or a vast chamber What the hell would be the one that I bought? What the hell was that all about? Isn't that somebody's that it will make some cash off it? How do you let me know what they call it? A chalky store. Yeah, this is what the leader of their faith was nailed to and left for days and what they were around their neck to celebrate I don't get that at all. Well, how about back in those days man? When everybody was a dronone over there, that wasn't too much fun either. It's a book filled with murder and torture and abuse and this is what the loving father has given us And in his life at least the leader of mankind is carrying out the tradition man. Very scary Neil. Very scary. And I can understand if a few people there are few little tribes that believe in this, they have so many people believe in this and accept this as the truth. It's a scary commentary on the culture we live in. I'll see you at the passport office. See you there Neil. We have an open line in Broward, two of them is a matter of fact five six seven five six seven five six. Don't be a coward called from Broward five six seven five six. I don't know five sixty five sixty on the 18th. Well, this line. I mean, have we had one and I'm trying to think 23 years. This is the first day of my 24th year on here in Miami. Have I ever had one call on this topic that made any sense that was, you know, that argued with my point of view. Have I ever had one? No. One that made any good points. No. That could justify all these fairy tales. No. Of course we had Christina I forgot about her. Here's North Miami. Hello. I'm going to tell you that. Great. Happy for him. Happy anniversary. You know, I think missing yesterday was the bird. Thank God. The reason why I call that. Let's not do that again next year. Let's go to the 25th one. Okay, before we do the contrived stuff and after see all these other, make believe people. I mean, I looked up. I looked up a was on an 1130 since George told me. He said he was here. Don't see on you. He's trying to promise on that stupid. Oh, he keeps trying to come on here. We will not put it on. Guys. That's that's his. That's his material. Is this great Z-moo. We don't know if he will ever watch and it's not going to get on here and don't watch it. Uh, my dad's talking to me. If you do turn it on, it'll be off by 1132. My dad and I were talking to the day. When you leave, when you retire, I could throw my radio away. And that's saying they put on a place of reconcered. Oh, my God. That's sad. What's the thing you're talking about? What's that? Yeah. Hey George, did it pretty good job. I hope he I hope he owns the skill so when you leave, he can sit in the big chair. He's only right now. I say he's working on it and it skills too. Maybe that's his your lately. He's getting ready for our same Patrick's day not too far away. For him today if it's for him now, can say, Patty's day be too far away. No. Open line a day one and groward 560 50 50 560 on the AT&T wireless line. No home and touch. Okay. We think that lady was that. Oh, that was some day of help. We think they're profusely. I'm not going to be any more. And Hank will not be getting in that stuff either. And you know something if he's upset about it too bad. I'm doing your favor Hank. Nobody anywhere in the world is more familiar with trying desperately to get off of this crap and having people stick in from your face. A sugar addict like yours truly. Now if I could find a God that would give me free from the sugar prediction, then maybe probably not, but just maybe there might be a chance. At least pretend to go for it. Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. Yes sir. I'm going to go to the first. I'm going to go to the last hour of your show last yesterday. So I missed Rick and Suds calling you up to wish you happy and a verse. Yeah. Don't hold your breath. I mean, you give it a lot of publicity. But anyway, I wanted to call you. I don't do that. Rick Riley is so terrified of his job and the working for them. I don't blame him. Anyway, I want to tell you about. Been here Steve Kankong and yesterday the only guy that promoted that Bumfork station that he's on. He called? No, he did not. Oh, that's terrible. Yeah. People will realize how Jews are precious against Jews. Yeah. I grew up in Chicago where if you were a German Jew. Oh, he had the best synagogue. He had the finest jobs. And my dad, my dad who had a little store on the west side of Chicago. I mean, he had to. He could never hope to go to a synagogue. I like the Germans. German Jews were the finest Jews. And the Russian Jews we were dirt. Yeah. Do you remember that? Do I remember that? Yeah. I remember that. Just like what we did yesterday. Terrific. But anyway, I'm glad you're the poor woman called up. Okay. Is that your zone? We have an open line of day to a Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Where does line? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Happy poor him. And happy anniversary. Thank you. You absolutely crack me up with your Paul and Jan routine. Paul and Jan Croch. Have crotch is right. Be wonderful TVN, Trinity Broadcasting. Here's the location. Paul and Jan Croch. If people don't need to truth about how many spaces they really own. And if they also know that truth, I was reading one of the templates on the plain going over by the way about this gigantic multi-million dollar mansion. How they've scanned all this money from Trinity Broadcasting. And they're always on here talking about poverty and the coast of the Lord. And this and they live in this multi-million dollar mansion that Paul Croch has built on California. And they've got huge, a police homes all over the world. And they're living in the life of Riley. And they're living in an off-of-a-mallies poor Shah old the slabs that are watching this crap. Oh, absolutely. They took in last year, 216 million. Tax-free. Absolutely. Which is the bigger crack of the whole thing is that most of people really believe that they own 400 in some actual TV stations. They own 12. Yeah. TV stations. The rest are uplinks. Right. Like $2,500 a pop in pay your fee. Right. That's their permit's chemistry. Exactly. And these people, they pay all the money. They do all this sort of crap. And they're ready to buy on the line because they're all going crazy. Interesting thing, Jan was caught in Nashville about five months ago. I think there's six months ago. Riding down the street with her entourage on how he gave us the motorcycles. With that twos on her back. That's all right. I thought that's really neat. Well, she's got to appeal to that crowd. She's got to know how it's queued and queued. Okay. Thank you. And have a great day. Yeah, Jan and Paul Croch, they'll take your money. Is it warm in here as it just needs? It really is warm. It's a little on the warm side. You know that or God is starting to like turn the furnace up a little bit. Because you know where we're going to wind up. George, it's going to be real hot. Well, it's good. I guess that's a good thing when you move to Florida just before you go to hell. Right? Because the temperature especially in July, August when it's real hot and humid, it's kind of like conditioning for the real thing. Ten minutes per hour. I've always said this is hell. Ten minutes past no. It's five sixty keyway in. You air in shit like this. You feel the God in my neck of the China. Okay. She left out a gigo. When he makes it way go, money goes, not the time. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Are you sure? When he don't know where a stove he goes, I can see how there was some confusion. Between humans or animals you made more. And then I can saw the term, see their back means to her, naked. Oh, it's hard for her to go in blind. That place in here was working hot. Late night in the ovary office. Working on a practice of joke. It took a massive noodle, put an explode in, loaded for money. It was blowing, the smoke. There's a garden, money goes, a vagina. She left out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, money goes, not the time. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. All people feel that Hillary's been made a full of fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. A family linking bedroom she was mown in, mown in our door. Will do in her with billed old bones. There's a garden, money goes, a vagina. She left out a gigo. Every brick and time he makes it way go, money goes, not the time. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Whoa, can't do this anymore. Yes, that's not the reason. Oh, yeah. What you gotta do is take a tip of it all. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. About 17 at 5.60 QA, I'm so anyway, I told you I got my letter from Superstar Connection After all this time. Your Superstar customers are a result of a federal court ruling. We've been here lately. We must disconnect your CBS and Fox Network Services Effective February 28th, a couple of days ago. Please understand that this ruling only applies to your network services, etc. And so on, why this is happening? A federal judge interpreted the satellite home viewer act for CBS and Fox Networks, and determine this. If you live in an area where half the people can receive the local TV station half the time, using a 34 high antenna, you are not eligible to receive that TV network via a satellite, even if you cannot receive that local station at all. This turned off through the legal restriction imposed by the judge. Well, effect you no matter where you are, who you are, see or whatever. See, Bander, DBS. So in other words, big-dish little-dish. You've got a big one or little one. They're still coming out. And then on the back, it's got the people. It says, here, there are people you can write to for an exemption. In other words, if you live on a cave somewhere and you really can't pick up their signal, and it's got these general managers of the channel 7, which is Fox and Miami. WFLX and PEC, which is CBS and Fox and Palm Beach, and the U.S. WFOR channel 4 in Miami, CBS. Alan Shackland, general manager. Alan Shackland, you should only have a wicked hemorrhide, okay? You're a miserable piece of direct. This business, this idea that somehow TV operators believe that they can manipulate and control what people can pay for to watch on our satellite dishes is so unbelievable. And this ruling, by the repressive courts, that even if you can't pick it up yourself, if 50% of the people in your reviewing area can pick it up, then you're still screwed. That's the kind of freedom you got in America. And by the way, just to show you the things continue to be the same here, and this is, I should say this. I should start a crap book, not a scrapbook, a crap book. I love reading the letters to the editor in both newspapers, not because they're any good ones very often, very rarely. But because every now and then you read one that's so ridiculous or that is such a classic example of what kind of journalism we have in this town, and I use that word loosely, towards journalism and town. Here's a letter in the Miami-Herald this morning that they wouldn't put this letter in the canon-degu in New York Daily Messenger, which is a town of 10,000 people in the, in the weekly reader, at your local elementary school, they would not print this letter. It's so juvenile and ridiculous, and I'll read it to you. It says, keep aspirin handy just in case of the headline. Surely, if you leave in Miami rights, I read that a person having a heart attack should immediately take an ordinary aspirin. People should make sure that they know where the aspirin is, that they can get the cap off, and that it is fresh. And of letter, from surely in Miami, printed in your Miami-Herald. No more of the aspirin is, make sure you can get the cap off, that the cap on the aspirin to your skull cap, and that it is fresh. A letter in the mornings, Miami-Herald, on the editorial-epping page. We have an open line of day one and a broad, five, six, seven, five, sixty and a pound, five, sixty, and you wonder. You wonder why this is such a bush league place, but so many bush league people in bush league media, and bush league operations, like you can't see the goal out of the arena, and all of these things. Here's Evan Chura, hello. Hi, you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Neil, I was a fellow communist. I honestly, uh, don't agree with you, like in the way you were talking about religion and God and the Bible. I really feel that if everybody would live by the word of God and in the Bible, the way it speaks, we would all get alone. And what if you have many comments? I think my God kept telling the Jews to kill the enemies in the Old Testament. Oh, I don't know about the old. Why don't you go read the Bible and then call and talk to me about it. Okay, Mr. Hachod, here's another brainwashed in the show, who's got no brains, no education, no learn and no nothing. And he's calling me, well, I don't know. Well, I'm fired out before your call to talk show and starts spouting off a bunch of crap. Live by God's word. What is that for us, my am I? Damn it. Yeah. I'll use simple to know that I've been simple to people that have been brainwashed like manipulated like puppets on a spray-out string because you can't think for yourself. Pick up that stupid book and read all that crap. And if you get past the first few pages, I'll give you a guide then, uh, purple, uh, something. Purple, piggy, wiki. Purple, purple, purple, blue, we got those around. Duffel, blow it up for it. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Perth color. Yes. Well, this is the satellite man. I can solve your problem. I have the big dish and I know where you're going through. First of all, CBS television network is on G6, okay? And G7, G6 is their backup. I mean, G7 is their backup. I haven't had a big dish for 12 years. Don't you think it would all the respect? Don't you think I know where to find these feeds? Okay. Second of all. But that's not the point. And of course, the people that have been watching it on the Small-Dish, they're totally screwed because there are no back calls. There are no other as you know, there are no other feeds. Are you familiar with the B-Macticoder? No. A B-Macticoder? I don't know. Oh, no, no, no. It's not illegal at all. The B-Macticoder is like between 800 to a thousand dollar decoder. Yeah. That will receive the network through your satellite receiver. And I'm not talking about the B-C-2 plus board. Are you talking about an illegal let's ship is what you're talking about? No, you can buy locally. Let me say it again, sir. It is not legal to receive. I don't care where you can buy it. That doesn't mean that it's legal. You can't receive the CBS and Fox signal in Miami as of now. Whatever you have in your home is your property. The wrong. And you know better than that. If you know anything about satellite, they can come in and and get a ticket. If you've got a illegal equipment, the government can come and take it away in two seconds. And they've done it. Okay. How come they haven't done that with cable? Meaning what? They hand-bunner with cable. They put people in jail with a illegal box. What do you talk? Sir, get a life. Okay. Here's another guy. Just like I did call before. This is one of the great things about talk show. It was one of the great joys of the 50 years that I've been doing this to 500 years. Is that people, you know, they call it B-M-M-M-M. But by, of course, once they say it on the ear, the people are really believe it. I believe you should be able to watch whatever you want. If it's a premium show, a sporting event that isn't like for you over there, then if you want to pay for it, you should be able to watch it. Period. What a concept. And look at all the money they're missing out. Trace the call. You guys selling illegal boxes. We have an open line in date. 5-6105-6. What is it? 5-6101. What number is that? You know that's an old K-18 number. Oh my god, he's regretting. That's seriously. 5-6705-60 and con-560. On the 18-T-W honest life. Well, I'm trying to move back in time, so I can catch up with some of these people. If you're just live by God's word, well, what is it? I don't know. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Well, that last guy, one of the politicians in Miami? Yeah. It's not illegal unless you get caught. Right. Listen, Neil. I want to thank you. I want to thank you. I want to thank you because I grew up at the very Christian and very holy and very Bible-fucking person all my life. And as I listened to your show for the last several years, you brought up so many good points and so many just common sense that I guess you never think of. And thanks to you, I completely gone away from all that and I started to think of it. Yeah. Thank God. Starting to think for myself, then my problem is that some of my kids do a Catholic school. And it's not because of the Catholic education. Everything is simply because I think it's better than the public school education. The church has a deal with the school, as a deal that you contribute to the ex- amount of dollars to the church, right there next to the school. You get to reduce tuition. There's no fact in the church. Right. So I did that for a while and then I said, you know, this is, I'm not going to do this anymore. And I'm not going to support the church anymore, okay, for the Catholic habit in their ways. So I'd be a regular tuition and I'd also support those nasty habits. Just keep it by, just for the regular tuition and that's it. But thanks to you, I've seen my the air of my ways. And I'm all I can say is, let's save a lot of money in this life. But when we get the hell, we can install it, central our conditioning. All right. And have a great day, sir. God bless you. Okay, Xana Gardens, says this was this from by the way. Is this serious? Please accept a belated tribute to the Godfather of Sanford at talk radio. Congratulations on your 23rd anniversary. Steve Kane, Mr. Ego. Ego. How do you like that? Well, thank you, Steve. Unbelievable. Man, all man. I'm not going to play. Well, it can't find the first one. It's never know what these things are under. Like, just come to which your problem. And it's if and those are real flowers. I'm assuming they look like roses. Yes, real roses. Thanks, Steve. I can't buy a book. At least to a point anyway. Hey, listen, like I said, I'm for the talent. What thing about Steve Kane? I disagree with all of his right wing opinions, which, who knows what happened to him. Maybe you got into bad bull or grits or something. I don't know. And some of the anxious people that he's associated with. But the fact is, nevertheless, here's a guy that came along. You know, and carved out he created a thing. FPL, he created a light bulb. He went out there and he invented something out of 100 year old people and made a living out of it. You got to make a living, baby. So I come in to him and I always have said that. You know, you get those often full of crap, but nevertheless, it's a radio show. Hi, Scott, Steve, thank you. Steve Kane, 14, 70 on your AM, down morning. Oh, and then don't forget, Mike Renery, we're heard from him yesterday. And I know, that's that scandal there. That whole thing with Henry Barrow. You notice when Renery called in? A lot of hostility there. And by the way, Henry Barrow tried to, you know, soft soap, the whole deal about how he and the Roger, knife Renery into back and soul the show from him. That's what they did. Hey, man, it's true. I can have an orgasm just driving down on 95. But only if you're driving this side, me. I'm going for my kicking up dude, Merit Bad. I want to be the leader of the Beaver Patrol. I want to hike and camp and shower with all the other little boys. You know, it's something, folks. The boys got never used to be about sick. But now all that's straight. On the Admiral'sander, folks meant for America's number one juvenile Arab military group. If you're a little bugger whose hormones are just getting out of hand for boys or girls, then I want you to join me in the scouting experience. We've just got his trust worthy boy, uh, 40. We want you. Hello. We're in a can wearing tacky. So just remember our motto. He prepared to run like hell with seeing it show up and get your cute little keysters down here today. Okay, 1232 at 5.62. I'm sorry. I really, you know, because virtually everybody in the industry, everybody of any significance, either yesterday or Steve came better late than ever had met it. He was a little bit, you know, behind the time. But a beautiful thing of roses from exotic gardens. Yesterday we heard from everybody in their brother Henry Barrell, Mike Reniri. Hank Goldberg stopped in the studio personal. A cappling gym man, which. But did we hear from Rick and Spod? No. No. Did they even call to give me a number? No. No. Didn't even give me a number. Much less happy anniversary. No. Well, I heard Rick once say that you're number one. No, he once gave me number one. At least he was holding up number one. I think as I was on the way out the door. Damn it. Yeah. That's okay. What goes around comes around guys. 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T wireless line. We got 600 open lines today. We're still waiting to get saved. Thanks so much to our good friend Matthew for his brilliant letter and that book. The name of the book, the signature of God. Damn God. And Matthew has got me converted already. In fact, I'm going to be going to show and then I'm going to be stopping in a few churches on the way to a plenty of modern acres. A stop out there and see the Mormons. May put my magic under were on. Here's a fact just a quick fact to say happy anniversary. It says sorry it's a day late, but couldn't get to a fact yesterday. You should know that you're the best thing on the year period. I've been listening for 10 years faithfully. I'm going to continue to listen. I'm 30 years old and live in Bointon Beach. And you do have a ton of listeners up here. I had the pleasure of meeting with a hockey game this year. I was nervous talking to you. So I probably came across like an idiot, but you said don't worry about it. As you were very nice to speak with. How do you like that? I was very nice to speak with. As opposed to some of these assholes who expect that I'm going to put on a song and a dance for them when they meet me. Brian up there in Bointon Beach. He was satisfied. He was you know no problems. He says between Bob and Tom in the morning and you from 10 to 2 the whole day is taking care of. How do you like that? You know Bob and Tom in the morning. You know how I love them. Now that we've lost Reneer. I guess he's got a better deal on the one they were working on to get him over here. They're working feverously to replace that morning. That's what I hear. So we can't get Reneer. But you know something Bob and Tom mornings on this station. Because Tom Beach you know it's not there's no comfort there because it's not the same market. Bob and Tom in the morning I can just I can almost smell it right now. Can't you? 56050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. First they probably keep guilty unlike you know it's a sidekick. Here's the Naples. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I wanted to ask you if you had ever thought about that gap in the chronology of the life of Jesus between the age of 12 and 30. Yeah. Have you thought about when you read Pat Boone's book, 12 and 30? No. Yeah well that's the answer is the gap. In fact Pat Boone was the doing those just gap gene spots. I was talking about it was spelling the book. What's in the AT&T stand too you know. What is this idea that happened during that day? It's really nice when I see Pat Boone on his stupid informers to see how ungracefully he's aging and how bad he looks. It makes me feel really good. What is it? I'm asking you what was his idea between those ages? Well he was you know spanking it a lot I guess he was busy. I'm wondering if the Christians actually know that they're following a boot. That's why I'm bringing this up. Yeah. Jesus I believe during that period through some of the lot of excuses about it. I've done some studying about it because I wondered quite a bit about it. Why? Well I was really taking it with me and I'm just driven a lot such idiosync. Well I was young and I was interested in this life of the guy who had so much of a following. I wanted to know a lot more about it. Maybe that guy who called me about now in a half ago can call up Jesus and say you know Jesus when he's selected you as the money you do there. Do the same go to the same joint solatime. What do you do there? I think you probably tried to stay out of town. Yeah I wouldn't blame him. But anyway you know I think at the age of 12 when the Jewish kids went into their apprenticeship for what they do for life. And I think that his parents encouraged him to study the different philosophies and religions. And I think that he this is a speculation but there's a reason. I don't think there was ever any such person to be very honest with me. I don't think there was any such Moses there was any Abraham. There was any Jesus there was any Noah. Daniel these are all old lifestyles. Could you entertain my idea though? No. I don't think that he followed the trade routes to India. No. And study to understand the Marco Polo. No. I don't know if he got that far. Maybe he brought back macaroni. But I think he's not even that far. He's not even that far. He's definitely macaroni and cheese every Friday. Maybe he got that stole from a marconi. No they're Easte fish. I mean from a marco polo or marconi. He was a good Italian boy. Okay whatever you're saying. You're talking nonsense and so am I and it fits perfectly. You think Marconi ate macaroni? Yeah. He liked it baby. He liked his pasta. Vostalapostas got lots of carbs man. Don't get sucked into that pasta stuff. We have an open line by poor pulper by the way. She's looking her wounds. Jerry Springer's beaten the stout out of that bitch. No she's going to retire near her so because she just she's just embarrassed. Yes she's embarrassed because he's beaten the pants off her that bitch. But she's still doing a therapy boring shows. Well all these syrupy boring housewives millions of them from coast to coast sucking up every bit of silks will that she's spews on a year pathetic pathetic. 22 till one. Can you just see her seriously? I don't want this may sound bad but couldn't you just see her with that bone her nose? I'm serious. I envision that all the time. Every time I see her on the tube while I'm channel surfing real quickly, I bounce right by there. And I just that picture of like I'll see the board and tell you know that. I need help. We're finally stole my ribcaze. I like the march in his face. That's why I mean dick once gives him the right. I think his white water bite at up to night. We're finally stole my ribcaze. What the fuck didn't race to does human race? Oh, a rare smuck. And go for sucks. That wheel of meat should also include Rick Rally's butt on the pole. Rick Rally stole my ribcaze. I like how far did his face? No. Rick Rally you're an asshole. Yeah. I was in the fair spirit of the deal is they're not allowed to call. I'm sure that they both would have called. They got none there together on a coronal extension. And they wish me all the yeah, but they can't call because it's queer channel. It's Pete Bulger and want to wolf paranoia paranoia baby. Little people are paranoid. Okay. I remember back in the year that I was on Zeta. Maybe the attend of you who are still alive remember those days. And I used to call all the other morning shows in town. Used to call Bill Tanner used to call up even joy Reynolds. But he was on she and who else was on here. Sunny Fox was on where was he who was on maybe Sunny was on she. But anyway, he used to call and the only one that was paranoid and up tight about it was the guy that's waiting tables now to sterling country kitchen and Hollywood Greg Boudelle. Oh, you're interfering with my show. Well, if I'm interfering with your show, what he's putting me on the air for asshole. He's a piece of work for I'm going to tell you. They all are strengths in the world put together. They could have a symposium and not figure that poor character out. He's a sad. But he waits a mean table out here. Leave my good tip. Come on. For all time, sick. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Mr. Rado. Happy to lead. And a rich drink. Like that was in a sterling country kitchen with Sally Fitzio. The answer to the. She said, come on. Leave. Greg or big tip. You know, he's about to hear some tough times. It can't do it, Sally. Go ahead, sir. And how was your regational start? Great. Was listening to George? I think he's excellent. Yes. I'm not just want to ask him if I can be his White House intern. No. Yeah. And can do more. What is the guard in Monica? Can you? Well, that's probably because you're Cuban. Two. I'm saying same old stuff. Go away for a few days. Come back. It's never going to change. Same old stuff that's all they know. Man. The back dome. That's it. Back dome. That's a cone. And the back dome. Which show you there may be a little cross over there. Those are fine cigars. Okay. Well, of course he's probably not. He's probably getting them in a dime store. He's probably getting those real, you know, a twenty four dollar. I want those real cheap convenience stores and little Havana dunder on Flagress Street. So if you want to get great cigars, just go to the other end of Flagress Street down there by next and you get some great cigars. But of course this guy's a slipper. Same old tired. Sorry to man. Same said. And like I said before, this bullet business about what would this town be if they hadn't come here? You know what the answer is? I give you one word. Paradise. Oh. That's what this town would be. That's what this town used to be, by the way. When I first came here, BM. That's not Ryan Murray. That's BM as in before, Maryel. It was paradise. This was a pretty neat place. It still had some of the trappings of the old greatness, you know. Like when Jackie Grease used to do a show from the fountain blue and the, you know, when they beat was really something. And we had national publicity and even that anti-Semite Arthur got for used to be on from the beach. That was paradise. That's what it would be. You offer nothing. Zero. Zippity. Do-da. You contribute nothing. Nothing but divisiveness and stupidity and a whole other culture that refuses to come out of the stone age. That refuses you so far out of the mainstream. That's the sad part. So far. I mean, maybe even if you stop killing the chickens on a fort lawn, you know. Go choke your chicken on a back lawn. That would be better. That would be a good beginning to like taking a tiny little step into American culture. I know we're pushing too hard. A little bit too soon. Wait till generation Zayay. Zayay. Because we're only up to N.A. So we got a long way to go any alphabet. All the way to the end. Is there, what do they call Z in this, Espanol? Say? Set. A zeta. That's right. That's a fort. What is that the fort? Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Going once. Going twice. 11 minutes and 58 seconds of our cash wasted. Why that bonehead. Here's my me, B. Chalo. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. I went to the Panagan, another name of the East End, and I was chair for the coyotes. Jack, as turns around, and turns to be me and me, tell me to shut up. You know, I don't know what's wrong. You're picked a good night, too. Pull for the coyotes for me. Yeah, I know. On the one. I'm going to get you embarrassed. What are in the coma, the coyotes? See, everything goes through, no matter how, like the flyers, the flyers were so hot there for while, and now they couldn't be a girl steam. You know, everything goes through it. Leaks are playing pretty well. Leaks are playing great. Yeah, Barra and Yale take care. The ice is the enourina sucks, by the way. No, I, I, I, Kenny Boppen was then, um, unsports channel. That was pretty good. Well, I don't have any. Well, and like I said, then, then, then, all, everybody that knows the game, which leads him out, said it's the worst they've ever seen. Yeah, leave it to the East Botpan to say the ice is good. Every article I've read, everybody I've talked to, it's in the paper again this morning about the horrible ice of the Urcan of the center, and it goes to show you, every one of these new arenas, even in places like Toronto, where the weather is nice and cold out there. They should have no excuse for not being able to make good ice. They've only got like 100 years experience. They still can't do it right. Because probably the bozo that made the ice down here went up there into the same crappy job. Well, I'm telling you, it's either warm in here. I'm like, on the death store. It's got to be warm in here. It's not me. Aren't you warm in there? Of course, you're in there. And I'm in here. It's shripsing in here. I turned it down. Yeah. A lot. Well, maybe somebody has a gym to sum up in the suit or something. Or maybe I'm just going through change of life again. Or maybe this thing is, although it's not my place. It's not that thing again. See, I'm convinced that, in fact, I'm not even going to waste my time on the air with it. And I'm sure you're delighted to hear that about this rash and this whole, it's never going to go away. I'll live with this the rest of my life. I'm prepared for that to take it to my grave. Because I'm, I give up. You cannot find a doctor in this town of any kind. We'll spend enough time with you who will make a dedicated effort to get something done. This isn't some serious, you know, thank goodness. But I mean, it's annoying. It's the debilitating. It's aggravating. And I don't believe in any of the doctors. I went to a dermatologist. I went to the hot shot there at the Cleveland Clinic. I went to doctor. You don't need me with the rubber nose. And, you know, how many doctors can you go to before you say screw it? Just screw it. It'll maybe one day I'll wake up. It'll be totally gone. It looks like it's gone. Then it makes a little comeback. Then it looks like, you know, and you asked that question, how much why should a doctor? Why should a physician who prescribes you a prescription drug? Not be able to give you an answer. I'm not talking a definitive answer because everybody's system is different. But a ballpark answer. How long does it take? If it really wasn't an allergy to a drug like Adelaide, how long does it take to get out of your system? Sounds to me like a reasonable question? And the answer is always, I don't know. Yeah. But here's the bill. And good luck. You don't need me. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I think that's the 15 minutes of my mobile phone to give me two minutes. Yeah. And I'm going to try to be as serious as possible with it. Yeah. Okay. You're calling a lot of the people's simple pins that are following these old fables or whatever you want to call them stories. Yes. And you're entitled to that a pin. But don't you think that the gentleman that called you just shortly before me is a simple pin himself is claiming how you changed your change to life and made it in brought up points to make him the light and that he's not, you know, you know, for a lot of the police. Why does that make him a simple to me? Because he had an open mind of the, you know, got away from the brainwashing. How did that make him a simple to me? My only other question. Yeah. That's why. Yeah. Why do you feel so compelled to just bash Jesus Christ? And what are not I believe in Jesus? The man that Jesus Christ? Right. How about all the others? Doesn't make any difference whether it's Jesus. Didn't I just get you saying that there was probably no such person's Moses or Abraham or Jesus or any of them? Did I just get you saying that? Well, I hear you. So why do you? So why do you? No, I do not. I did a whole show here on the Orthodox Jews a couple days before I went on vacation. And that story that was on a front page of the Harold, how they're, you know, throwing rocks and swearing each other over there in Israel, how the Jews hate each other because they're not religious enough for the Orthodox? But wouldn't you agree that this is not a good point of thought? I'm not a good one. I would not agree with anything you would say because it's all a bunch of bullcraft. I'm not singling any of mud. It's all cramped. All of it. The understancer. You follow my drift. It is. I understand your anger. I understand your, your angle. Your point of view. It's not a point of view. It's a fact. It's all bullcraft. It's all man-advetted garbage. What you're talking about is you're talking about a listener that's calling up a and taking a talk show host. Number one topic for ratings. I mean, basically, that's what your show is. Let me say this to you. When I came in this morning and you asked George, this was the farthest thing from my mind until I opened up the mail. And I got this book along with the letter from my Matthew and Boeton book or whatever it is. That's what inspired me to talk about this. I'm not doing it for ratings because my, I don't need any help with ratings. My ratings are fine. Whether I talk about the hockey game about Jesus, about Moses, about Abbot, about Moses, about Abraham, about Channel 4 news, about the Miami hearlts, whatever all these things that I talk about on this show. It doesn't really make a whole lot of difference. People listen to the show because they enjoy it. I just wanted to get your point of view. No thanks a lot. What did he say? Do you have any idea what he said? No. I'm doing this for ratings. I'm doing it because number one, nobody else will do it. It needs to be said. Number two, it's very, very entertaining to me. If you're not entertaining to this guy because he can't handle, they can't deal with it. And as far as the guy that he's talking about, no, he's not a moron. He's one of the few people I ever spoke and do it. I had an open mind and said, you know something this guy makes a hell of a lot of sense. The other stuff is all about your bullcraft. But quick pick an I'm Jesus. Okay. Sorry. Sorry, Jesus. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Amy, I'll get out of the can. Good evening. Uh, two things, uh, totally, definitely opposed. One, um, a few months ago I got sick in that. I got that. I've diabetes. Yeah. And unfortunately, I didn't find out, uh, you know, spikes and bull check up, uh, my wheelchair, because he's fatal range and was impossible to, uh, to reach. Oh, hi, wasn't. Uh, over 800. Oh, Jesus, 800. Yeah. I was not supposed to go like in such a two week that was, uh, in the bogots we needed to tamarge and see that whole mud wire, uh, chased, uh, except to an I. I did. Um, the reasons that I'm mentioning the studios. Obviously, uh, you know, they were treating the symptoms, but didn't exactly give me, uh, a great education about controlling diabetes. Doesn't it? You know, no. That's, that's, does they don't know anything about it? Well, the thing is, I really wanted to thank you. I'm extremely, I heard you talking about that book by Dr. Bernstein. Right. Uh, I immediately went to Barnes and Noble. They didn't have it. Orders didn't have it. Uh, went to the online audit. Have it since, you know, overnight, but I have it the next day. Right. It's that night literally until like four in the morning. Right. And, uh, I've taken some of them three times a day regardless, and at night, depending on what my blood sugar is. And, uh, since I got that book, I haven't had to take, you know, the additional insulin and my blood sugar has been in total control. Um, you know, normally you would think, okay, but I have taken them broccoli and some rice or possibly it's fine, but I was finding that my blood sugar was going up. You know, we're getting what we're getting to write in a pasta. Right. What people would consider a healthy meal, you know, was, was terrible. I think that would all turn right to sugar. Right. Uh, so, I mean, that book was brilliant and, and I thank you for mentioning that on the air. I've passed information a lot to people that I've met who have diabetes or tell, you know, something different. I've had you reminded me because I told Hank yesterday I was going to bring in the book. I'll bring it into my argument over to him because that, there every person that's got diabetes ought to be forced to read that book. Right. I mean, I'm in this. The other thing and in someone in a, you know, in a, in a, in a, same regard, I go to Vegas a lot and, um, you know, it's funny when I go to Vegas with all of the faves and things you think that you'd have, uh, a more difficult time to trolling your blood sugar, but it actually is here with all the choices that you've got. Uh, you know, you should go to, uh, pay it, uh, one of the station hotels and, you know, you, you all the barbecues you want, you know, all the, all the beef all the chicken. It's, I mean, you should be here because times I've had it when I travel. Um, second, I'm going to be going for breakfast with breakfast buffet and either you all the omelets you want and a big package and bacon. So, you know, let me just send her like anyone who knows somebody who has diabetes or they have it themselves, or has you in the warning sign. Get that book, you know, order it from amazon.com or barbecues.com if they can't find it in the store. Uh, called diabetes solution, Richard C. Bernstein, Dr. Bernstein is right. And, uh, you know, you know, they know their stuff when it comes to medical information. Uh, anyway, the other thing I want to discuss with you was, uh, Vegas, uh, you know, mentally bailed tonight. Yeah, that's right. They opened today, right. Uh, and they asked month the, uh, what's his, it's Venice, then what, what is that one? Yeah, the Venetian open. The Venetian opens next month and then November the, um, the, uh, the, uh, Hilton one opens the, actually, uh, paratroopers in September September. September 8th house, the target date, right. But, you know, uh, the, the best place in, in my recommendation, I haven't even been there yet. It also opens tonight at Mandela Bay. There's actually three hotels in one building, familiar with that? No. There's, uh, Mandela Bay, uh, one floor is going to be the house of Blue Hotel and four floors of Mandela Bay. It's going to be a four seasons. Uh, also owned by circuit circuits. They've got the, uh, the four seasons people actually running those four floors, uh, separate elevators, their separate restaurants, uh, separate entrance, Matter of fact, you can't get into Mandela Bay from the strip. You can only get into the four Stephen's entrance. Yeah. I mean, I'll let you go there first and see if it sinks your nuts and let me know how you're going. I feel like they think spent like $8 million, they've corrected that problem. Supposedly, uh, it's no longer sinking. Thank you. Okay. Listen, have a great time. Keep up the good work, Bell. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. When I was a young man and started to be, my mom said, boy, should don't have the time. Go find the other girl who cooks very well. You have such a model and it will be so that I can make sure that she doesn't make too much. With a knife all the way. Mm, delicious. The knife. The knife. So what's the matter to look no time to erase? I brought her to the show, my mother just says, She said, well, all the time, this may not one time did I ever say these? More delicious than they are, but they are not. Mm, mmm. Kinesh is better than mine. Mm, mm, mm, mm. Oh, I'm afraid every night, and I'm making a wish that God knows that, me, your perfect goodness, my mom said, so I'm the key to fail. And if someone has made some kind of an institution, that the knife and some, you can't miss his better than mine. Mm, mm, mm, mm. And I'm a browser answer on the very next day, when Rachel and the Spongebob, the tray, she said, on the table and mama dug in. She went through space and said, with the grin, knees, and you can't miss his better than mine. These two kinesh are better than mine. All right. So what she and I got to marry you, we have four boys in our family. She tells them each night just before bed. Look around for girls that you will wear the face. Can they, can they, can they, can they, can they, can they, can they, can they, can they, can they do their own." What's that? What's five? She said, you food by the way, for what you're going out there. Here's a pay phone and four-laradale, huh? All of these things. Good question. Are we shooting in the basket? Yeah. The old congratulations for putting up with the play, for 23 years, yam on, anniversary. This is the guy with the eyes on a paper. We have an open line of drower at 5.6. What? You didn't recognize that? Was the guy with the eyes? Was Ken? It was the guy with the nothing eyes. 5.6705.60 and Tom 5.60, on the mobile one line. He doesn't get it. I don't want to hear from him. Once that twice a year maybe, okay? We're like, you know, just kind of like a bond slowly. Make it come back slowly, easy with. Putting up a hand. He's talking about me putting up with this town for 23 years, huh? How many years has he taken off my life along with his little group of cronies there? Can't off the old block and, uh, oh my god, all those groupies. What ever happened to the thing? Let's see him number. It didn't come back. I wonder what the thing does for a living now. It was the notion in the bathroom. Oh, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Oh, yeah. Yes, I want to get back something you were talking about a little bit ago. I'm going to ask you a question. Would you like to live under a rulership where every time you did something wrong, suddenly destroyed you? Meaning what? Meaning like under cash row or under who's saw them and saying every time. Well, I wonder, under God. Well, let me catch the point again, too. Okay, if God had destroyed Adam and Eve and just started all over again, that's the kind of rule that he would be. Well, he just started a whole human race and now the animal who, when we had the flood, Yeah, but God's purpose for the earth has never changed and it will be. And what is that purpose, sir? What is the purpose for the earth? I'm what was the earth's purpose? The earth's purpose, back in the garden being that man lived in perfection and a garden like paradise here on earth. That's the Bible's account of what mankind is supposed to live under. Isn't that boy? From the time Adam and Eve, in that ridiculous God's purpose. And she ate his hair, and she ate his hair. God already allowed him. And God saw the pair on the ground, and God what they were doing. Now the angels will be putting on. The angels were looking on and they were seeing the difference, the way that Eve got a real upset and jealous. And left it at that, but God would sir, I saw anything about it. So kind of a question. How old are you ballpark? Are you like in your 40s? Well, 30s. 30s. They've been smiddly 30s. And you're talking like this. You're saying these things. Yeah, that's right. Please, please, please get yourselves help. Get yourself some professional help. He's talking Adam and Eve and the pair on the ground and the apple on the tree. Oh. And you know how, now one person has responded to the point I made right in the beginning, because in the beginning, God said, how many things have happened in our lifetimes that we have no answer to, that we still are acting all these questions about, that we'll never know the answers to. And this guy's talking about stuff that allegedly happened five, six thousand years ago, alleged, even though we know the earth has been here for billions of years, but nevertheless don't confuse this with the fact, because you're starting with a carbon dating and other signs. You know, it's those damn comedy-pick or signs that it would have plotted again, that he then plot. The fact that there are people like this who have absorbed nothing of life, nothing of reality, that's why I talk about this on the show, constantly, not enough, constantly, and probably a hell of a lot more of these next three and a half years. Oh, we can't stand away, why do you know something too bad? Find go take a part cheesy, go play Domino's and Domino Park, go play Shuffleboard and sunrise, and you still won't turn it off. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Bokeh? Yes, sir. Yes. Happy 23rd, Neil. Thank you. First time, call her, long time, literature, and to sunrise, sign police are added again. Yeah. Uh, Suncental, Sunday morning, they're banning all exposed neon signs. That's not even a lot, something new, it's an old story. It's from weeks later. And there's a stupid letter in the editor in a Suncental this morning from a Jean and Papa O'Bitch, and Jean ought to be horse-wiped or Sun-Ri-Hats off to Sun-Ri-City manager, Pat Solerno, as a former resident of that area, I'm happy to see the beautification of city business and they want to be like plantation. Yeah, they want to be like plantation repressive in a bunch of fascists. Did you see the Ruben's things that year? No. He produced it, voiced the support for the law that he changed his mind. Yeah. And probably he'd seek a buckshidolky in the law asking for contributions to his campaign. Oh, there he is. Oh, how do you like that? Uh, what a joke. You know, I'm going down to City Hall, was that the new one. I'm going to really, I don't know. I can't stand anymore. Yeah, give Pat Solerno a message from me, okay? Tell him, okay. Okay, man. So, yeah. Okay, and all you guys in sunrise commission can pick all the neon signs up your... Wack them. Okay, good luck. Good luck. Kind of a little like Woody. We have an open line of dinner. Open line of Broward, 560550560, maybe he had a little Woody and Rob, and Mobile One line is Tom 560. Oh, it's Rod deal. Oh, it's Rod. Yeah. Yeah. Did you even know all that, watchy, all the jokes walked by. Watching all the jokes, watching through the mall before they die. Look at that way. I'm delighted for three grand bucks. Oh, look at the floor. Yeah. That looks so exciting. So let's go see the music. The boss is going to watchy, all the jokes, watching all the jokes, walk by. One more scene at 560 happy, poor one, by the way. I'll never forget to talk about religious hate. The scene years and years ago. I must have been working at W snooze at the time. And I go to call on a client, on a sponsor, and it was a market, a kosher, a deli, a sum kind of a duplase in sunrise. And the scene that went on in there. You talk about ankle paramedics. They couldn't have hired enough ankle paramedics. They, I mean, I got there just when they were opening with my luck. And they were waiting to attack with the pushcards. And they were running up and down these narrow aisles. Somebody will remind me of the name of that joint. Some place in sunrise. Oh, my God. What a circus. See, people who enjoy that kind of environment. Those are the kind of people who like to eat at the Raskelhouse. People most of them from New York. New York Jews, who are massacistic, who enjoy being treated very rudely. And who enjoy an atmosphere in ambiance that's almost humanly unacceptable. Those are the people that love the Raskelhouse. I mean, I'm going to tell you if you spent more than 30 seconds in that joint, no matter how Jewish you were. And you didn't develop a certain stream of anti-Semitism in your system somewhere. It was miraculous. It had to be a miracle from above. Even now, we're saying, holy Moses. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Yes. Happy tourism. And back to you, happy home and touch. Happy home and touch. Well, I've been sitting here in Miami Beach and helping you play that song. I've been watching all the Jews go by. You're on the way to Boko. Uh-huh. No, no. Can you explain to us, go ahead and what this whole poor thing is here? I'm a little lost. It's another Raskel and I read Jewish Holloway. It's another day to eat. It's another day to get fat. Right. That's right. Oh, that's great. Lots of home and touch in which are delicious but much too fatning for me anymore. They all seem to revolve around too. Right. That's why the Jewish Holloway is a great. We have a lot of them and they all resolve. That's why we just as a token we throw on you on kipper when you don't eat anything. To try to make up for the other 20 holidays when you pick out. That they have a tournament. In fact, that's the only time Jews are big on pig. Anything is picking out on a holiday. Oh, boy. Well, to get back to what that gentleman was saying about the craziness. I mean, just look at what happened in Israel in ninety six years ago. The extreme extremists taking out their own leader. Right. That's right. We watched it by an orthodox fanatical Jew. Not the ass of Arab but by another Jew. He was killed by another Jew. This is religion. This is the kind of hate, the kind of violence, the kind of crap that religion shows all over the world. Almost all of it can be traced back to religion. I was watching a movie on court TV. The other couple nights ago with the Rod Stuggard. I was called Manhund and the Dakota's about. Call. What was his name? Some of the whatever's name was from the Pasi Kamatatus. One of these clan groups and you know, all of these groups. The same things in common. They all under the banner of being good Christians and good Godfaring men. And they're nothing but bigots. Murderers. If you look at what the what the man they're doing. He was he was one of those at a time and he actually was coming around and starting to do the right thing. Trying to make peace over there. Madness that's over in Israel. The peace in the Middle East is an oxymoronical never happened. He was trying though. That's why he's not here today. So we're almost about. They don't want peace. Okay sir, God bless you. Happy pouring me. Okay, back at you. To watch out. Watch your Vini. Watch where you are. Spin it. Two open lines. And they'd be sure you put that in the Zuzzoz. I'll avoid speaking of a fact you that's not bad. There's Josh Friedman. Or he's like fat. You know, he really is still. No, he is. He's still fat. I don't know. I'll play. I'm going to lunch in my mother's in a little while. I don't want to see your before photos. I could it would spoil my appetite. By the way, since I end going lunch and mommy's today, I just want to say this. Two words that came to mind during that last break. Versing home. The next time that I hear all your houses such a mess, you boys would like such stuff. Next time I hear anything that I don't like. Versing home. That those two words keep resonating to my mind. Sound like such a pleasant alternative. Plus I own that. You only two by the way now. She thought that was going to be a mystery. I don't want that place. So guess what? Well, I'll tell her when I get there. Because I checked the prices on those places. Man, they really got like to do the roof. Anybody want to buy that place? We have two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and home stand. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes. Well, Bob has me the most. What is the problem? What is the problem? Do you want to do them? Yes. Why do you keep? I don't understand the promotion. The cinemas. You love them 30 tonight. Why are you even doing that? What do you why am I doing? Why are you helping for most? Do you know that? We have an open line in Broward and two in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hi, doing Neil. Okay, sir. I got one for an asshole. Yes. We just say that the wasn't religion created to control the masses of the world. Class, the more on. I know it's yours. Right. Yeah, a quick little story. Invited to keep people in line and at the same time take whatever they have to give. Exactly. Whatever they got, you got part of it. And it's the same now. The elite don't follow religion. It's always the ones that are the workers, the hard workers. Many with quick story. My parents catches me. They catch me. Humping the many, a couple of times. And they ask us to please. It's a motocin. You're going to go to the house. You're going to go to the house. I'm going to go to the house. I hope you both had a good time. Okay, we had an open line of barred two and day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Another one of those coolios with a wild imagination. Too much wacky. I think if they go and see the Jamaicans over here, then maybe it comes down. Yeah, I'm on. Here's a pepper pine. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, I'm a 23 year old cat. I can really good thing I like about being an old toy when I was younger. I would work about four or five funerals. And the funeral guys would give me so good dollars. And plus, they give you so good dollars and the priest would give you a head. So what else do you mean? Yeah, right? Or you can can finagle out some wine. You know, talking about the Bible and everything. It's so much here. Say, I don't know if you remember in school you would play a game called telephone. Yeah, I'm right. Sure. Sure. The teacher would tell the first person in line. The time of got to the third person. Not that one. You like to go to the second translation. The story would be incredibly different. Yeah. It's like when they have witnesses to action and sort of crime scenes. And they got like three different people and they give three entirely different. Exactly. Well, what they think they just saw. I brought that up earlier when I talked about the Kennedy assassination and all the people that they and D. Lee Plaz and Dallas and how they all are most of them thought they saw something different. And these people won't touch any of that stuff. Hey, Neil, back then I know they didn't have a rip. I mean, how rip it took after half a bed or anything like that. So it had to be when they're the Kennedy assassination. Yeah, right? Well, they're in the, you know, all the days of, you know, what do you mean they didn't have an alphabet? Well, like they have passed on. You know, you're the generation to generation. So you knew. They used to say, Hawkburner's King Chinat. Can I guess they were listening? Correct. Hey, I just like to call a couple of times. That's what John Shrezen, Hawkburner's King Chinat. Can I call a couple of things? And I said, let the China alone, both of the Flacic and the Milchik. So, oh, you know, you know what? He came in here. It just dawned on me. You know why he's here? And look how red in the face he's getting to. He heard we had those homintoshes in today. Yeah. That's why he's here. Fasir, go ahead. I'm sorry. A couple people fish back. Go ahead. Luke Richardson and Ken Bell on J. Doosh back. Okay. We have an open line in the Broward 2 in date. 567, the Hawkey student intellectual. 560 and Pound 560 on the mobile one line. Somebody tell Gellie by the way, the T.O. Flurry is not playing on the number one in the Powerplay line for Colorado. If he would have watched last night, which he did not. I'm going to say it again. We got, I mean, you know, it's one thing that's boring enough to listen to people if they knew what they were talking about with the sports stuff. 20 hours a day. Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba. Both of those same tired repetitive crap. But if they knew what they were talking about, at least there might be some credibility involved. Well, when you got little punks who don't even, you know, watch anything and they set and reach the thought of a newspaper somewhere. Or when you got so called sports writers who were, right, whatever they, whatever propaganda the organization is peddling that day. Man is it saying. Michael Russo, I'm going to tell you talking about the family of the fat. you are a fat head you're not just a fat person you're a chubby head you're a simple than just another propaganda peddler open line and brought to a day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in poker hello okay nice talking to him at least is with two here's my amy hello yeah sir first time call her way okay uh... speaking about the bible had the ever noticed that there is not one single sentence that praises intelligence and the bible not one of course because of the day anybody in touch of the reading in the first point that is a great piece of fiction by the way not a great piece of all it's a ridiculous piece of nonsense and also by the logic what about what what what the catholic of the religious people say about what was got purpose of having to dinosaur hang out for like on your million years problems of purpose of that the same reason that nature's got man hangin around for uh... you know he's a thousand years because man will be extinct to something and then uh... you know the cockroaches of the ratchett whatever takes over the world maybe they'll have a people museums got to know and you're so in the end by the way now yes sir make you arson blows yeah okay i know that okay how to go to it and maybe he'll help you out hey listen that he's got his nine billion bucks over there in Israel without paying any taxes on it and it's easy to know he's in bed there with me or uh... penis and date county just a corrupt corrupt bankrupt town at just in the same little people pebble in their propaganda tell us about how great it is everything is wonderful and then my good friend Howard Kleinberg who's like you know how it i realize you get a little bit of your little older nye m hard your great guy but you know writing about all this ancient mime history that's his new deal out writing about the mime circle and about the uh... preserving all the history of the the rich history of this area this is a area have a rich history now all those peasants is what they were i had to say that but they were like peasants the uh... to quest is the cases uh... was a peasant tribe were they like hot shots like the uh... iraquois haha well see i'm thirty to some from upstate in the earth can be that cater me now the fuck that a bit by would in one way. Look, I'm his nephew, find a smart dog, a sick child. I'll tell you when he was the son of a throne. And looks at empty phones. There's a camera, on his door. Oh, holy, holy, holy. What's 30 at 5.50, WCA, I'm hang out at the Rala's afternoon between 2 and 6. Boog is got the baseball and other crap stuff tonight. At Chua's, and then we got at Kaplan 10 o'clock. So anyway, Maddy upstairs, which I told you the story of the beginning, was sure we got the water not see, which you already know about upstairs. Now take any more water. And we also have the food not see, which they look the same. They sound the same. He's an underling. He's like, what is what is his title? Does he have a title? Do we know what he really does? Sales manager of some sort. He's another one of the 82 sales managers. We have an ability and believe me, way down. You're the bottom of the totem pole. This guy, little shrimpy, two foot guy. And you know, they moved everybody upstairs. Like I said, when you are in, when you're in business. And you've got all kinds of people. Some of the people up there make it a few bucks. And most of the people are making not too much. Like the underlings. So if they want to have a meal up there, what's the big deal? And what is it? The kids are slipping, carrying food to one part of the building. Be it to another part instead of walking all the way around the mulberry bush. And walking 600 yards to get to a deliver somebody's free food. How come you people up there can't mind your own business. You all want to boss everybody around. Because like I said before, and I'm right on target. I know it like I know what be on the shadow without your suffer from a deep inferiority complex Maddie just like the water not see up there. I'll know I take it back in both your cases. It's not a complex. You're both inferior. But got to push everybody around and buy and I'm sure that everybody in this audience who works somewhere wherever you work. Unless you're the boss. You've got people there who want to boss everybody else around. Even if they don't have a goddamn title, even if they're just some kind of a schlep. Oh, you can't do that. They just kind of assume it. They assume their way into a position of authority. And again, when you've got not weak management, but no management like we got here. That's what goes on. And of course, the longer you've been here and been part of that little ask grabbing for eternity that goes on up there, the more you feel empowered to go around boss and everybody right in and ruling their day. And like I said before, way back when I first came to this radio station, life is too short to take crap from anybody. Especially some little shrimp like him, some little weasel like him. So I got news for you Maddie. When we get up there in the third floor in a month or two months or whatever it's going to be, we have a long enough to get up there. Don't even think. Don't even dream like when Chuck from across to the subset or bring that our lunch in there. Don't think Chuck is going to be forced to take the time to walk 7,000 next to yards to walk to make you happy. We will draw him a diaphragm of the shortest possible route to get off that elevator into our studio and bring us to free child. But out, mind you, well, God damn business. A bunch of little busy bodies. He ought to be moving into my mother's condo. That's who ought to be in there. Are we all the yenta? A little busy body boss, everybody else around. And of course it takes a real, a bunch guy to boss around a bunch of kids that are working for four bucks an hour. Takes a real macho man to do that Maddie. A little shrimp, you little pathetic weasel you. Just wait until we get into the first day and let up our celebratory stoge in there. And they see, cigar small coming through the vents. Oh my God, this is not a smart. Yeah, blow it out your ass. Okay, in the smoke. Right, go. All these dictators in America. Everybody wants to boss everybody. Also about it all ties in with this religious crap. It's an attitude thing. It's not live and let live. It's not DNA. It's doing a alarm. It's D.H. Do as much harm as you possibly can get away with. That's what it is. Inflict, inflict, inflict, inflict. Christ, Almighty, you think that there were stealing the tubes out of the transmitter. Final tubes up there is something. They're trying to have a little lunch, a little something to sustain them through their day. Which I noticed that we fed everybody out here yesterday. I think everybody went home because it didn't pull me from this place yesterday. Thanks to Jeff Cohen and Pete's a lot. And thanks to us. Here's a mobile and four-lautardale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was watching the news last night. And they're talking about a woman getting shot in the head. I think an ATM machine. Yes. It'll make me a yes. Yeah. And talk to the parents or something. You know, God helped me. God. Yeah. God helped me survive. Well, I'm thinking of myself. What if she died? Well, he didn't listen. Even a heart died on guiding light. I worked for a little while, but then he's busy got to move on. Other stuff. I mean, it's ridiculous. In fact, it wouldn't have been for her, maybe hard would have lived, you know. But he had to pay his. He can only deal with so much, so is it one time. Well, you know, well, what about all of this? Then they go to five other stories where people die. Right. So you say, well, those people God didn't care about. Sir, he works in mysterious ways. That's the catcher work. That's the catcher. That's the catch all phrase for all these things. Yeah. Works in mysterious ways. Yeah. Well, let me tell you this. I got, I just thought tickets were wrong. 10 days at the end of May. Well, I'm in my best suggestion is I know you'll have a great time. It's a great time to hear to go. Stay on the east side of the type of river. Yeah. Do not go and see the catch keys and the slippers of the Vatican. Believe me. We can't. I'll stay as far away from the Vatican as possible. Okay. I will say this, Neil, though. I really believe that that religion has done a great service in terms of the greatest art and some of the greatest music was created because of religion for religion. And when you step into the 60th century. Sorry, if I have to pick and choose between having all of that art or having a civilized rule, I would be a tough choice, but I'd think I'd pass on the art. Well, I'd pass on it. I have a good time, pal. Have a great time. Two open lines a day to a grower. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Slow and down here in this last hour, and I'm still not convinced. I came on here today with this letter and this book in hand, which I've received in the mail from Matthew. What what a name that is. Or fighting out today what an anxious name Matthew is. Stop and think about people named Matthew. Is there anybody named Matthew that you can say anything good about? Matt Damon? Matt Dylan? Oh. Good neck to the head of a paper sack. Even Marshall Dylan, butternmett Dylan. Could you name Matt, that's like somebody of substance? Huh? How about Maddie Lushen? If Wendy, I rest my case, there you go another way. Matthew, was he? Huh? Hey, that is really thing. I'll head to be an act. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. 22 to 2 a QAM. Look at him. I'm 60 happy poor. Maybe somebody you'll call before the end of the show. We only got a few minutes left. It explained exactly what poor Mr. again about him and an ester and all these other silly bubble mice. He's okay. Although I do like the good home and touch in the real ones. And don't ever bring us any more again. Thank you. Anyway, we got an apology from Maddie Lushen. How does that day have a sense? She called the apologize and I'll never do it again. And by the way, everybody in the building when I was talking about Maddie Bell upstairs and his Averand Food Nazi behavior, they said, Ah! Right on. We second that emotion. Everybody. Every single person in this building even went out of what to say. Well, she don't want her authority to you, sir. You know how that is. She don't want that water being served too much either. Here's Miami, hello. Oh, mail. Yes, sir. I do know someone may Matthew. In fact, he's my doctor and he seems to be like your doctor. His general procedure is this is your blood pressure reading. Here's your prescription. Right. And let me dip the dollar. Right. Good luck. Yeah. And I thought I heard on your show some time ago that you said you didn't take your diabetic pressure medicine in the morning. Have this wrong advice? Right. When do you take it and do it? Help you. Take it with a meal. I have to take it like after three or four and a half minutes after that point he will kick in. If I wake up at a morning in my blood she was like 200 God forbid. Yeah. And I take a blind age six milligrams. It does nothing. It's just they will not kick into my system. My metabolism will do nothing to later in the day. In addition to what you're supposed to take that medication with a meal anyway, it's just right on the label, but the original doctor that put me on that stuff. You know, take one in the morning. So that's what I got. That's what I got. Yeah. And is it doing anything for you? Oh, that a lot. Well, that's why that's why it's not working for you. The best time to take it is you take your own blood sugar. Okay, well, before you go to bed a night take it and then take your uphill at night. Before you go to bed and you wake up in the morning and it may be increased a little bit like mine. That's but it won't be too bad. Or if it was very high B.A.O. was like 180 at night and you take the pills you get up in the morning and then maybe down to like 1.21 10 which is acceptable. Well, I'm going to try that and you take one in the afternoon and want to die. If I need to know if I do the actions that I don't have to take him at all. I say. And you know, one other thing you mentioned the book that that that I should read. I didn't catch the title of that. It's a diabetes solution by Dr. Richard Bernstein. It's a hard cover. It's the best book you'll ever buy in your life. Diabetes solution. By Bernstein. Right. Well, I really appreciate your advice on that. Okay, good luck, Rao. Thank you. Yeah, you know, it's a serious business man. Of course, it's very depressing too because those of you, those like Josh Friedman. There's a classic example or bookshombie. You young guys that are fat as a pig and we have plenty of around it. And like the what we call them, the will of beast. You know, maybe you think you can get away with it now and you can survive because your body is still young and haven't damaged it as much yet as you will later on. If you don't cut the crap, but I'm telling you far be it for a fat or old. Do like me to let you, but I'm telling you right now once you get to the point where you become a diabetic. You got real problems because then all the stuff that you love the eat. Oh, can't eat this. Can't eat my pasta. Can't eat anything. You know, it sounds great. The heck is all that meat. No, that seafood and lobster. But you know, something how much meat and seafood can you eat? How many omelettes can you eat in the given day? How many cheese burgers can you eat without the bun? No fries. No onion rings. No carbohydrates. So once you cross over that threshold, once you get to that point where you're really diabetic man and you can prevent it. The type two diabetes, you can prevent it by losing the guy that might now walk your young instead of being a big fat dead tub like mooshabbi is going to be something. Look at the look at the dead entertainers just in the last two years. Now I grant you as in or mix a little. Of course, when you mix the drugs in there and you're already fat and your heart's got that burden to begin with like John Volushi and John candy. Who do I leave out? What's a side tub that just died of an odie? Chris Farley. Oh Chris Farley. There you go. Dead. Fat. Fat and dead. Like down delivery said in fat so the good people are the fat people and the fat people are the. Oh, dead people. So, you know, next year on my 24th anniversary if I make it that long, you know, bring me a card. Don't bring me a cake. Don't bring me a cheesecake. Don't bring me food. Bring me a card. But you know something you know why yesterday was so pleasant. Not only were a lot of people trying to be nice, which you know you appreciate even Sam. Well, he put on a bed act. But the fact is guess why didn't see all day because he was otherwise occupied was Greg Reed. And I don't want him to take this personally or take it the wrong way because he's very sensitive. But I enjoy not seeing him. You know what I mean? In other words, if I saw him one more time, like in about three and a half years like the last week that I work here. And he came down on the last day and shook my hands and said, thanks for a great job. Have a great retirement and a great life and good luck to you. And that would be the last time I saw him. That would be so sensational. That would be a gift. Why are you laughing? I'm being honest and I'm stressed. It's not that I don't like the guy just that when I see him. I get physically, you know, I just can't deal with it. Because you look into the guy that's like scratching his head like Jerry Lewis. You know that lady. I'm telling you. And with the same haircut, too, by the way, only not quite as neat. He's just not a bad guy, but he's a bozo, you know. He's just a bozo. And he's got this circus run around up there. Even Barnum and Bailey is embarrassed by what he's got going up there on the third floor. So I'll see you like in about three and a half years, Greg. And thanks just to the message he's down in the bottle.