430560 WGQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, who talked in the O'Colpe 567-0560 toll free for David Rarrard or Pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is cast for him. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, Beesley Reed acquisitions for the Beesley Broadcast Group? Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL The media is set and they talk badly. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare the shit out of people and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? Or the convenience? Take chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free if you've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex process. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the dancing of the street. Just sigh a lot of handguns. The freight absurd is the working problem's out. If he considered a population control. Yes, and good. They just might make it think. That's the American fucking way. This friend who came on with kids to learn and to play now. It every day city of drugs you listen to them. It's all free to self-hargler and go to the other cell. We're waiting now. Still I'm not gonna do this. I've been on the stage today. I've done the stage today. You've been trying to show him down now. I've got so much to tell him. He's got his lunch and a dirty special discount. No, no, no, no. That's your gift. They can share it as a nature and children. I'm out before the cell. I'm out before the day. Just dance and dance. I'll be around the stage today. I'm out there around the street. Just dance. Just dance. I'm on the board of the girls. You can make like dream for way now. I'm out of the street today. Be the first kid on your block. Just a cup of Gary away and let all. So what a Johnny. So what a Johnny can't dream. You can do it. They're not ready now. Just dance. Just dance. Just dance. Just dance. Just dance. Just dance. Just dance. Just dance. Just dance. That's the America's fucking way. Okay boys, you're all 10 or three and five, 60 WQAM. What a day. What a day. What a place. What a barb Eric place. Unbelievable. And all these idiotic people running around with their simplistic answers as usual. Oh, if you just put your hands together in prayer or if we just put all the kids in uniforms, make them all dressed the same and go step around like good little Nazis that'll do it. You know, there's a letter. Another idiotic unbelievable unacceptable. And why why you morons at the Harold feel compelled because I know you get a lot more letters than the one we see in the newspaper. They couldn't possibly be room for all the papers that both letters that both papers get. But this letter is so typical of the American mentality. Here it is. From Robert Brown in Miami. He says, I'm a little weary of all these posed pictures of crying Albanians. Now the ultimate indignity. They had to walk six miles. Did it ever record you that the surbs started to get real nasty when we started by bombing their country. We all have short memories in World War I. We had the beastly Germans raping all the Belgian girls they could find. Then the Bosni and public relations program was paid for by some rich Muslims and executed by a high powered manic in Avenue. I'm getting sick and a sickening feeling of deja vu. I feel like I'm getting suckered all over again. Says Robert Brown in Miami. The stirb starts getting really nasty. They were only like a little bit nasty with all the ethnic cleansing and all the, you know, pits with the dead bodies. But then when NATO started dropping the bombs, that's when he started getting really nasty. Right Robert. You jackass you with the teeth and asshole. Oh my god. And this is a letter that the Carol feels compelled to put in there. He's getting real tired of those staged photos. Those photo opportunities. So I go to my mother's for lunch yesterday in the minute that I get there. She's got the TV on CNN and they're covering this grotesque horrendous unbelievable episode. But you know, it's, it is the American FNY. It's part of American culture. This is American example, PIE and the Unayment. And so when I got home, I flipped on a satellite and on the big dish they had on the NBC satellite. They had KUSA from a Denver on the entire afternoon evening all day. And I just sat there, rivet watching this all afternoon all night. All these things. In fact, when I was sitting there when I was at my mother's, I'm watching this on CNN and thinking of myself, is anybody on our radio station talking about this? No, no. No, no. Now you're laughing, see? George isn't there just laughing hysterically, peeing in his pants. Is anybody on the all sports? So they're still talking about the FNDraft. They're talking about, is anybody aware of this to grow test thing? We're like, maybe, who knows how many people now it's 15 to 17? They're having a tough time counting bodies, I guess. Last night it was 25. But it makes no difference what the number is. A grotesque on the leave of the episode in the American history again. Is anybody interested in this on this radio station? No. And I noticed by the way speaking of the kind of things that people listen to these sports segments on this station are interested in any of the Pope. We'll finally write to good calmly of the day. It's finally the one guy in the media in this town besides me who's got the balls to really go nuts about the Cecil Collins business and our gang's the coach, JJ. So he writes his love letters to the editor this morning. He's about to have it as nothing. And every one of the next scoryating him for having the hoods brother, Gull, the question Jimmy Johnson. He knows his draft crack. And so a lot of this guy is a criminal. What if he never did steal or freight train? If he can run, we don't care. Like I said yesterday, they don't care. I mean, I got news for a baby. You people are all, I'm talking about the American people. You're a values, you're attitude, your ideas, their upside down, their crazy is a bed bug. And all you got, lunatics out there, you're all, yeah. You will believe in heaven. Let me ask you this. You think those kids who got shot yesterday, who never even had a chance to really live life. You think that those kids are in heaven now, is that what you think? Or in purgatory, or in limbo, or got only those were else? I mean, the things that I'm hearing today are just, it's just unbelievable. It just boggles the mind. Oh, if we just put all the kids, we gotta go to uniforms now. You know, the trench coat mafia with their black trench coats. So you want to actually threaten the kill on other kid last year when the guys family called the police. They didn't do a damn thing about it. Nothing. I mean, these kids were like, like branding themselves, like putting tattoos on themselves, saying, hey, we're a bunch of average bizarre, you know, we're an accident waiting to happen. If you don't believe us, just check our outer website on the internet. Just check out the fact that we already put on there that yesterday was hit with birthdays. So we decided we warned everybody yesterday was that we were going to do something average. But hey, oh, yeah, if we just, if we were to put them in some kind of an outfits, so they could have been anonymous. It's like saying if you put a business suit on Hitler, he would have been okay. It was a brown shirt. That was the problem, right? That's what made him go off the defense. Well, the swastika and the whole business, if he would have just walked around in a business suit, or like a military uniform like the king, like the Emperor used to wear. That would have been better. But not that awful thing that he came up with. So let's make all the kids a little goose stepping on season. They have them stepping a place. And then I'm hearing people saying, well, you know, if we just had different penalties for, you know, crime's committed with guns. Let me ask you this, when somebody commits a suicidal act, which is what this was, right, obviously, right from the start. Do they care about the penalties? How long are going to be in jail? They're going to kill themselves. They're going to go in there and kill a bunch of people. And then they've got to kill themselves. That was the plan from the beginning. So what they've been doing is to make what penalties they get, how about the parents of people who commit crimes with their guns? And now we're going to get the same old tired, crap again, all the NRA assholes around there. Oh, yeah, well, guns don't kill people. See, the problem is most of you people have been trying to tell you this for years. You don't understand what living a civilized life is all about. This isn't the way people are supposed to live. And the problem is the American public, they accepted. They don't give a crap. Oh, who did it? Dolphins dressed in the fifth round, you know? That's the kind of stuff that you think is important. Oh, man, I'm telling you, I'm crossing those days off that calendar. Those three and a half years, whatever it is, like a man on death row. Waiting for the last time I get on that plane. Because this is a barbaric place. It is a truly unbelievable barbaric place. Yes, there are other barbaric places in the world. But you know what those are places that we know are barbaric. That don't match the rate is being civilized. You can't complain about civilization in America because basically there is many. I say, more sex, less violence, that's what I say. All these maniacs, all these goody two shoes, all these religionists work. And you know, the president got a few blow jobs. That's what they're worried about. But the fact that kids can't go to school without them being terrified and their parents like being in their pants, I mean, they are going to come alive. You know, who they pick in the fifth round? And let me say it again for the goody two shoes that are two local newspapers. The only city in this country that I can think of, I'll fan, where you can walk the streets day and night. If you'll safe, don't have to worry about getting shot is Las Vegas. I know it's that evil gambling again, but somehow you feel safe there. Anybody want to walk around downtown here at night? No, I didn't think so. You're over out the moon, man. It's the Andy Griffith Show. starring Andy Griffith and Sheriff Andy Taylor. Francis Bavaria's, and B. Don, not the funny and Clint Eastwood as old as we. Hey, you pinhead, what the hell are you doing with that gun? Guns are on practice. Send me the favor today. I'll ever have to use it, maybe I want to teach you to come to pop on a hurry. Be careful, kids, some neck. Are you going to blow your own head clean off? Now watch this. Based on what I just think in the back door, and he told me the reason. You say we can away from me. Oh, come on, come on, hurry, just say, right. Reach. You spit for brains. Where's the maximum? I'll give you one bullet, and you wasted it. I guess you're right. I guess I don't deserve a bullet. You deserve a bullet all right. Ah! That's 16 at 5. 16 WCM, I got Jim Manage for Hank Goldberg at 2 this afternoon. And then we got, uh, oh my god, look at that. Look at that, 2 to 3 30, I didn't realize that. We got a ball game early today. The Marlins at the Giants at 3 30 and the interest. No, any interest at all, they won last night, you can't? No, okay, just mention it in passing. Kim Boe came for after the game from 7 to 10 at Kaplan 10 at Clarkus. That's our schedule for the rest of the day for all these sports nicks out there. Who have nothing else on their mind besides, uh, what do you think about that draft? And are we going to win a Super Bowl? On the 21st of April, are we going to win the Super Bowl? Every day that I live, I get such so much greater contempt for these sports nerds. For people, now it's one thing to be a sports fan, to be a sports page, watch a couple of ball games, whatever. But people who, this supersedes everything else in life, I shouldn't use the word life because these people have no life. That's all they know from. They, they're sure if they forget about Manhattan, they could be dropping nuclear weapons on West Palm Beach. And we'd be talking here on 2 William. Well, you think that Cecil could stay out of trouble, uh, hang you think, you know. Yeah, he doesn't go out in the evening. If his eyes start to melt, how many times have I said over the years that a country where there's no respect for human life can never be, forget about great country, can never be a livable place. This isn't a country, this is a slaughterhouse. This is a butcher shop. Is what America is all about. I mean, if this is all you know, I mean, you have nothing to compare it to. And I'm watching some of them, Mr. Lonely $50 last time. Well, Mr. Stewart, I'm gonna let that crap. I'm flipping all around every channel I can get. And he's got the Jerry Spencer on there. You know what his cowboy outfit? Well, what does Jerry Spencer have to do with this? Just another media horror like Alan Duchowitz. Errorly times something happens. We got to drag out the same old tired faces. Did he have anything to say? Jerry Spencer? No, nothing at all. And then he's got Ad Bradley on her from CBS News. He's a brilliant journalist. And Ad Bradley, you know, the one thing Jerry Spencer that made sense is that it is the American F and way, this violence business. And Ad Bradley said, oh, but it's not just American. He starts bringing up Rwanda and this place and you will slab it. He's bringing up like 10th World countries, okay? When you go to places that are supposedly Westernized, if I can use that expression, and you don't have to go across any ocean. You can just go across the border to Canada. And unfortunately, they've been a little more Americanized than they would like. They still have too many murders, you know, but nothing like here. You can walk the streets in the cities they're morning noon and night in Toronto, when you made your Canadian city. But I have to worry about somebody's going to blow your crap away. You can send your kids to school without the likelihood of them being shot. Be pretty confident. They're going to come back home in one piece tonight. But not in this country because, like I said before, life in America, it's like it's like a cockroach. And the media has de-sensitized the public to a point that you people out there, you're looks at anything. It doesn't matter how low task it is, how many kids get murdered. It makes no difference. The American public will accept it. They never get emotional and every epistophing and every get outraged and ever become a gas that this could possibly happen. Just, you know, this is life. This is the way life is supposed to be. And I'm sitting here trying to tell you, this is not the way life is in a real world. What's guess what boys and girls? This isn't the real world. This is so far. This country is so far from being a real world. I can't even words fail me to try to describe to you how far from the real world is. And you go to any of the countries I've ever been to. Any place in Scandinavia, Holland, France, Germany, Italy. Does anybody get inside in the streets? No. No. I mean, Italy, okay. So they got a little bit of a mob problem as long as you keep your nose in the right spot. You don't get it out of joint. You're probably going to be okay. But other than that, nobody's running around shooting each other. Nobody's got guns. What do they need guns for? The only people I ever seen in Italy with a gun. You see a soldier standing on a street corner with an oozy. And you feel very safe. You feel protected. It's not going to come after me. What I'd like to remind you about that. The first time I saw that I thought, what the hell is this place? You know, is Mussolini hiding somewhere? And then I realized it's kind of nice to know that there's not going to be any crap going on. And if that anybody tries to mug you out there. And there's a few gypsies running around, a few pick pockets. That should be our worst problem. Would we swap with them? Yeah. Yeah, I think so as far as the crime. Any of these places you walk outside, do not worry about anybody getting a shot. Amsterdam, England. The cops, the young cops don't even carry guns most of them. They can, but they don't. They walk the streets. They got their night sticks. And that's it. Here in Miami, they murder more people in one good weekend to business. And in some of these countries, they're doing a year. Any American public justice, sexual and whole of the, you know, this is the way it is. Oh, this is not the way the real world is Virginia. And all these religious notes. And it's interesting. Oh, like I get a facts from some lunatic this morning, one of our chronic factors about, well, you're against prayer in the school. Wouldn't that be better than all of this than, you know, all right, it's right. I forgot. If you listen to Merlin Manson music and you're, you know, off the deep end. And then obviously, there's the telltale sign right there. All you kids out there that ever went to a Merlin Manson concert, that we're going to throw your ass in jail, okay? Because you're dangerous. Prayer in the school and all these other countries that I'm talking about far less religious, very little religious and that is, most of the people don't bother going to church or sin and go away and decide to belong. And there's certainly not running around trying to process ties and making an offer you can't refuse. Like in Italy where the Pope is not going to try to clear in 97% of the people in the country don't go to church because they can see through it like a piece of glass. So all the religion and all the bull crap and all the hypocrisy that hasn't got to done. Like the kid and Jones were Arkansas, one of the kids after they was shot up their classmates and the teachers, what did he do? He wanted to see his pastor right away after he got arrested. Wanted to go see his pastor. What do I do now, pops? Totally through really upside down. Priorities of people in this country are so ass backward and I'm watching a coverage on Kay and this to me, aside from the actual crime itself, the sickest thing that I saw yesterday. I'm watching KUSA in Denver. They're doing a real good job. All the everybody did a good job. Thank God we didn't have any of this. Sterecal people from Channel 7 out there. I can only imagine the hyperventilating that would have gone on with them. And so I'm watching the two anchors sitting there talking and trying to, you know, keep a level head. And here comes a phone call comes in. We've got Sarah McIntyre, whatever the name was. Sarah's done with the Denver area public school system up above. And Sarah's got some up to the information for us. I'm probably the only person that saw this down here because it was watching on the satellite. And a voice comes on the ear. Yes, this is Sarah McIntyre and I wanted to give you the latest update. We just had this startling information. The shooter was Howard Stern and Howard's upset because the kids were watching a show on Saturday night. And that's why Howard dropped them. And then they finally at the last second pot of the Don and here's the look. Here are these two news anchors, a guy and a woman. And they're sitting there doing a commendable job trying to like, you know, separate the BS and the rumor from reality. Because all of this is going on alive. And I thought to myself, there we go with that. That's the epitome of Howard's audience right there. That's it. Mindless stupid idiotic. Nothing is ever serious. Everything's a big ha ha. Big joke. And I thought to myself, that idiot. They ought to trace that call and take that idiot and string them up by the balls. Because that's the American F and way everything is with those kind of people. Everything's a big F in joke. No matter how many people are getting murdered, no matter how grotesque it is, everything's a big F in joke. She like I've told you before. It was a time to be serious. There's a time for fun and games. I know that better than anybody else. This ain't a time in my life for fun and games. Haven't seen what I saw yesterday for hours and hours and hours. I'm not in a humorous mood today at all. I don't give a crap about sports today. I don't give a crap about humor today. I don't give a crap about Howard and his morons today. Boba Louis, Boba Louis. Yeah, we're dealing with mouth-reverses. What we're dealing with. Simple things. People that make Gilbert look like a rocket scientist. Okay, that's what you're dealing with with that crowd. I still can't believe I saw that. I can't believe it. I also saw live that one kid, I think it was a kid who was hard to tell. Who was trapped on the second floor bleeding to death and they saw the sign in the window from the helicopter. I wish you could have seen the reaction of the New Zanker woman. I think that was on channel 7 in Denver because so CNN was switching back and forth from 7 to 9 and whatever the other one is. And here's the skid who busts out the window. He's bleeding profusely all over and they've got the squad. The squad team down there at the bottom of the window. And he just dangles. He just leaps and dangles and falls in their arms. And this new Zanker, I thought she was going to fall off. She's just going to lose it. Understandably so. Oh, it's time for a few jokes. Go to the, oh, yeah. Right Howard. Jackass. I mean, you know, all these idiots about him with this crap with their religion and their god and they're having all. Let me say it again. You think that those kids, those 15 kids that are dead, plus the ones that are intensive care, which some of them may not make it. You think they're all going to heaven? Is there anybody out there who really believes that? And if that's the case, by the way, and if everybody's praying now, where was your god yesterday? What was he busy worrying about the odds on a sandicuff playoff? Is that what God was worried about? Because I know he's very big with all those jucks who sit in the locker room, you know? With their prayer breakfast. Oh, yeah, I think the good Lord for helping me kid the ball. Kid the ball. You know, it's too bad to Lord kid the, you know, I can't, I can't, I got to bring. I can't speak right, but that got to kid the ball. Religious fanaticism, unbridled violence. Out of control, lunatics with guns. That's America for you. That's the American effin' way. It's the wild west like I've told you before. Yeah, wave that flag. That's right. Wave that flag and sing that anthem. Or the biggest thing where the best we're going to kick everybody's ass. Yeah. Just like when it clinton stuff was going on in the rest of the world was saying, oh my god, what is wrong with these people? Can they ever possibly grow up? No. 21 to 5. 50 QAM. So listen to this response from the audience so far. In the 15. Robert Young, they people. Yeah, I said, sorry, sorry about that. Not that I'm getting carried away. Yeah. 5. 6. 705. 60. I mean, what? I don't get your stuff set up for another nervous breakdown. Okay, Neil. Okay. Because they don't care. They're not just nothing cranks through a chain. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Look at the outrage. Look at the anger. Look at the response. Look at the psychosis. Look at the history. Look at the something. All your thoughts. Okay. All of these things. All your thoughts. Let's hear them. Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, how are you doing today? Not too good, sir. Yeah. Sounds like it. Listen, before I start railing a little bit, I got to agree with you on two points. Yeah. The media has the sense of, is the sense of, is the sense of, is America. You are completely right. Channel's like, channel 7 down here. It take that stuff and they just make it into a media circus. You are absolutely correct. But I think you are so away off base on the fact that you're saying that this doesn't happen. Anywhere else, but in America. You say you're a world traveler. You say you've been all over the world. I didn't say that. I said it doesn't happen. Civilized countries very, very, very, very, very, very. You know why, you know why they have to hear everybody. You know, let me speak. You know why they have police on the street corners in Italy with Sendun's in their hands and everything else. With what? It's because with Sendun machine guns in their hands. Yeah. And it's an Italy in places like that. It's because the people, it happened so off and or it did before they started putting the police out there that that was their only alternative. Absolutely not. Yes, it is. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You have your little woman on tour. How many times have you been Italy? And you're missing. How many times have you been Italy? How many times have you been Italy? I've been there at least six times. Yeah. I'm always the one. One more time you've been there. About three years ago. I've been there 60 times. Yeah. Have you ever been through a riot in Italy? No. I've been through two of them. I watched what happens. And I've been through them in Greece. I have pictures. I'm not the Greece is not the least. I'm not talking about Greece. And in France, they have terrorist bombings every other week. The last time I was in Paris, they had the whole area around the Louvre and the major courthouse said, let me tell you. Let me tell you. I have this question. As far as terrorists are concerned, you can have terrorists anywhere in the world. Those aren't the, those aren't little kids going to school. Those aren't people. I am not saying that that is not happening in this country. But to say that there is no violence anywhere else in the country. I said it all. I'm more to alert. If you want to have a conversation, I'll be glad to do it. I don't deal with people that want to quit in the nipi. I said it. And not what I said. I said that there are places that are civilized where you can walk this street. And these kinds of things almost never happen. And that people aren't running around killing each other with guns. You must be some kind of a gun opal. This is that what you are. Oh, not. I don't own a gun. And I feel the handgun should be banned completely from the street. I mean, killing people are handguns yesterday. I don't, I don't. The relationship is going to go. What about the pipe bombs? They build a what about the handgun eggs they had? We're going to hide. We're going to hide. We're going to hide. We're going to hide. So kids are going to get handgun aids. Those those that that goes on all over the world. Let me ask you something. How many people in the average year get murdered in an in an Netherlands or in England? How many? Listen, all you're going to be. Are you going to respond to my question? How many people have murdered has a very high murder rate? No, it does not. Yes, it does not. I think you better look at the world whites statistics because they do have a very high. No, it's no big one. No, they're no big one. I want to prime. We're not talking about crime. We're talking about murder is what we're talking about. I'm talking about violent crime. Yeah, well, how many murders did they have every year? How many people have to speak? No, you don't have any number. You don't know what you're talking about. You probably never been in Italy. You probably never even had an Italian meal. Just how close you've been. Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa. Sure, you're absolutely. Long. No, it's not a perfect world. There is no perfect country. There's no place to hide. But everything is relative. Everything is relative. And you want to tell me about terrorist. Yeah, terrorists. Let's talk about Oklahoma City. Okay. They're terrorist all over the world. Look at this response here this morning. Look at this response from the brilliant South Florida audience, from the thoughtful millions out there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, animal, bull and line. I'm way off face. You're absolutely right. I'm way off face. I have no idea what I'm talking about. I've never been in these places. I just must be lucky every time I go to these places. That this stuff just doesn't go on. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was in the morning before you come on. And they was one of his cronies over there that made that phone call. It was one of his underlings. I know that. Yeah, I mean, it was one thing that we're doing with Larry King. You know, it might even be a little bit amusing and embarrassed. Larry, but this is in the middle of a live situation where people are getting murdered. And somebody thinks it's funny. They think it's a prank time. They get playing the tape over and over and everybody was just a big ball. And there were falls calling in. You know, there was a win. Wait a minute. They were playing the tape over when this morning. The tape, you know, I guess they were put it over whatever. And they're playing it on our chill. This morning? Yeah. Of the phone call. And they're bragging about it. Yeah. It blew me away. But as long as this religious fanatics are, you know, other than the same people that are publicly getting the right winters, the guns, you know, the guns are not going away. And we don't have to worry about 2000 or why two k because we're just going to kill ourselves. And you're exactly right. And how often does this happen in other countries? I'm not a world traveler, but you know, you never hear about this kind of stuff. Wants in a while. Once in a blue moon and when it does happen, it's such a major story. Here it's like, well, here's the way we had Jonesboro. We had Padukka. We had the Springfield Oregon. We had the one in Alaska. We got the one out of Denver now. And every few months, we got another one. Right. Give a good pissed off, you know, because, well, the jox looked down on them. So let's go kill a bunch of people, you know. Yeah. The jox were making fun of them. Jesus Christ, and we're not just talking about mental illness. We're talking about a country that, like I said, teaches no respect for human life. Period. And when you live in America, sir, your life is as worthless as that cockroach I keep talking about. Exactly. And that way for the copycat and to what happens next, that's all I got to say. Okay, sir. They were laughing about it on Howard. They were, they were bragging. Oh, look at that. Oh, ho ho ho ho. Doesn't surprise me. Doesn't surprise me. No suffering, no tragedy. Nothing, nothing is growteskin up to take imbosals. And make them say, you know, maybe now is not the time to be a laughing about it, you know. I don't see anything remotely humorous. I'm using funny, nothing, not even close. The only thing that's that's amusing in a sick way is to hear the responses to somebody's people. These simplistic answers as usual. Well, if the kids were just were uniforms, if we'd have a lot more prayers, where was God yesterday in a little ten collar line? Or that's what I would like to know. Where was your God yesterday to protect these kids? Where was he? Where is he every time something like this goes on? Oh, well, he works in mysterious. Well, he must be awful busy. He must be awful busy punishing people because they touched the wrong place that they before. Or they screwed around with a wrong person or whatever it is that he's pissed off about today. His wrath is waxing hot. The gunfire is waxing hot, but God's wrath is waxing hot. And just the very notion of that, like I've told you before, the idea of all these imperfections in these supposedly perfect gods, all these human foibles, because men with foibles invented a God right after their own image. How many times have I said that? Man invented God in his own image. Magnumistic about it. With all of these weaknesses, he gets angry, he gets pissed off, he's sending down the locust, he's got starting the flood, he's drowning everybody. He's telling me his really is kill all the Egyptians, kill, kill, kill, kill. But he's a loving and compassionate God. He loves you. The God people don't ever forget it boys and girls, the God people are the crazy people, and those are the ones you ought to be the most afraid of. Because they're the ones that are going to make you an offer you can't refuse. An idiot is sick and he's helped out. It's the latest innovation in banking. Welcome, please enter your secret bank art number. Okay. Thank you. Now enter the amount you would like to withdraw. It's the banking machine that talks to you. $300 that is eight lot of money. Well, I've got a big weekend plan. It's the semi-automatic teller. What up, your hands and give me all your money? What? Every semi-automatic teller is equipped with an assault rifle. And a bad attitude. Oh, hey, my next one is Waltonis. It's supposed to waste your money in these lot and be quietly. Well, semi-automatic teller eliminates the middle man. It robs you quickly, efficiently, and an awel-lighted setting, too. Can I at least keep a few bucks for dinner? No. No. What the hell? What the hell! It's the newest breakthrough in banking. But semi-automatic teller. Number FDIC and RA. $1045 and $50,000. But you can, by the way, go back to that first clown that called a spring that was so adamant in psychotic in the water and make a speech. Most terrorists act all around the world to are committed by home. I religious and addicts. Oh, sorry. So, a lot of the countries, a lot of the civilized countries that we're talking about. The terrorists acts are committed by people who don't live there, but by people who come in from outside, who are the shortest orbs, okay? Who want to show somebody a thing or two? We're talking about an uncivilized country, sir, which you don't want to admit. You don't want to face up to line. Oh, it's embarrassing. For me, I've lived here all my life. It's humiliating and degrading that in spite of the land of the free and all the cliches. The land of the great cliches. We're number one. That's right. Number one and murder. Number one and violent crime. You name it. When it comes to the good categories like life expectancy and all of the, most of the others, we're like way down on the list. Literacy rate, way down on the list. That's why there's always the big argument here about bilingualism because half the people in this country are actually literally just in one line, which in English. So I don't expect it to learn something else. You dreamin'. This guy must be dreaming of one in Italy that, so this stuff used to go on all the streets. Is anybody ever seen it? Let me say it again. I'll tell that story for about the tenth time now about the only time I ever heard a gunshot fired in Rome. Two or three years ago in Rome, we have lunch in our favorite track to read down. Stairs come out on a Saturday, I'll never forget it. And all of a sudden you hear a gunshot go off and a woman is screaming. Like I thought somebody got shot. I thought I was back in Miami. Well come to find out that we're having a political rally that day and some kids somehow somewhere. He got ahold of the gun. Did he shoot somebody? No. He shot a, he fired a shot up into the air. Because one of the tourists had been out there on the streets. One of the English speaking tourists and we just told us what had happened. And with an amount of seconds, with an amount of milliseconds after this episode occurred, there were every kind of police, the police, the, the caravan area and air, we kind of police you ever saw in your life and something never heard of. They came rushing out from airy direction and grabbed this kid and took him in behind a kind of cabwinous building. I don't know what that was going on in there, but you can only imagine beat the living crap out of him. Okay, and I don't think you'll see that gun no more either pal. They don't cotton the people running around firing off guns there. Here in America, oh it's the fourth and July. Well how many people got killed this year by a fallout and this whole's running around shooting their guns off? New years day, fourth of July. Make no mistake about it, baby. No matter how much you're in denial. That's the American fucking way. That's right. How many years have I been telling you that it's the wild mistment, Westman, tell you. And guns, you're right, in and of themselves, they don't kill anybody. But when they're in a hands of irresponsible people of lunatics of madmen of parents who just leave him laying around and they'll give a crap. And it goes on every day right here in this town. How many stories? How many people are dead? How many kids are dead? Because they went home. They were bored. They decided to settle around. All guess what? They opened the door. There's that. He's gone. Oh, let's see what that. There you go. Oh, sorry, pal. You dead? I didn't mean it. Or maybe the kid is dead himself. Yeah. Well. I mean, do we give a driver's license to a car, except in the story? We give it to anybody like a venantible people. But generally speaking, theory at any rate, do we give a driver's license to a 10 year old kid? No. Why? Because a 10 year old kid, we don't think is responsible and mature enough to be out there drive at a car in a highway. And the American people are not responsible and mature enough to be owned in all kinds of guns and weapons. It's as simple as that. If they were, I have no problem. But you're not mature enough to protect your guns to put them away to lock them up to to put a trigger lock to do something. So everybody in there, brother now, because it's the American, if and way, they got air. We kind of weapon. They got an arsenal of weapons. And they're pissed off. So they get pissed off. They, you know, still have somebody or a few people or a bunch of people. That's a good idea. And here you can make up all kinds of statistics and all kinds of stories. I don't think you ever been out of a South Florida in your life. The closest theater been to Italy was a can of Franco Americans spaghetti. Here's sunrise. Hello. Any Hawaii? Okay sir. A trick with points. Number one, that one, idiot, they're called talking about the civilization. Let me just bring up this point. If you want to base house civilized people are listed on the quality of education and to Bring it out, metrfactly, the US is ranked very low in the world. So, you know, I don't think the people here are not just intelligent but not mature enough as well. You're not supposed to use the term quality of life. They give very upset. Like that's some kind of a comedy liberal pinkish, you know, expression quality of life. Like we shouldn't be worried about that, you know. Oh, that's true. And my second point and one of the things that I just, I just, I just thought about this and always just watching news conference here from the sheriff's office. Yeah. I wondered if that incident would have happened here in South Florida. Do you think more than likely they would have probably turned it into a racial issue? You know, it depends on who would have gotten shot. I mean, they tried to make it into a racial issue out of there. Some of the kids said, no, no, no, no, no, I'm just thinking, you know, finding it because, you know, I had all understand. You had two white punks shooting up mostly other white people on how do you make that into a racial issue? I didn't want to make it into a school in China, a bunch of black kids. I guess they would have made it into a racial issue. Not only here, but just out anywhere. And maybe it would have been. They already said that one of these punks was running around using the inward and the hallways and that one of the kids they shot was black evidently. But of course, you heard all kinds of stories from a lot of historical kid yesterday. Like you'd expect because these kids were scared out of their brains. The sit there watching this live, as I did all afternoon yesterday and watching these kids running by dozens running out of the school at various times with the swathains getting them out of there, where their hands behind their head. Because of course, the swathains had no idea of knowing which ones were the victims and which ones were the perfect Raiders. And God forbid, they should let the kids get away, come running out of there, posing as victims. Watching that was one of the most unbelievable bizarre experiences of my life. And this guy that called the first call that a Mr. Defend, they just waved the flagpow, waved the flagpow. Like I said, it's all relative. No, there's no place that's perfect, no place to run and hide. It's all relative. And this country is a freaking slaughterhouse. And if you want to deny it, good luck to you. Go out and fart into a windstorm and you'll have the same result as you have with me. Arguing that this is not a slaughterhouse. Human life has no freaking value. So what's the point of arguing all this religion bull crab and God this and have an effort? What the difference does it make? Like they got to call me the abe, what's the purpose of life in America? Basically nothing. There's no purpose. You just try to survive. That's all this survival. Here's Marathon. Hello. Yeah, on your religion subject, I agree with you completely. I don't see how there could be people can call somebody a God. When, like my father, he just passed away three months ago from cancer. I saw him sitting there dying. I don't see how somebody can sit there and say, if there's a God up there, because if there's a God, he wouldn't have people suffer. Right. Exactly. Well, the God that man invented was a sadistic God. He always loves suffering. He loves punishment. It's like he's testing us. How loud is it? What is it? It's like an endurance contest. How much pain and suffering in sickness and grow test stuff can we stand? How far from what kind of a twisted mentality is that? I agree with you completely. That's my two cents. I'll talk to you later. Okay. Good luck, though. Yeah. God, and just like that song, I play over and over again. I love that song. Because it's sorry. That's all you need to hear. The Lord made him all cancer. Every virus, every illness, every disease, every form of bacteria. He invented them all. The snakes, the every grotesque poisonous thing. If you believe in this, in these fairy tales. And like I said yesterday, the guy says, well, what do you believe? And what, what is your fate? I said, I have faith in myself. That's what the American people, that's what living and breathing people with a half of brain if they have one. That's what they have to start doing is having faith in themselves. And they're ability to solve problems and it'll live like civilized human beings. Like I said, doing all harm. It's common sense. You don't have to read in the book somewhere that you don't go killing people. If you've got to read that in the book, then they ought to lock you away somewhere because you're mighty dangerous. If you're that stupid, that you don't take your next door neighbor's car. You don't screw his wife and you don't kill somebody. You've got to read that in the book somewhere. After all these thousands of years, that's how far we've evolved. Oh, the good book says, yeah, right. The good book, my ass. The book that talks all about murder and killing the Egyptians and killing this one and driving a lot of their homes in into the sea and yada yada yada yada. And kill your first born because because it's an SNM game, I'm testing you again, Abraham. I'm telling you a test again. See, this God. The sickest book that was ever conceived that's ever been written. And people are arguing and screaming and killing each other based on that crap. Give me a break. Let me say it again. All you great people are so much better than I am. Of course, all you believers out there, you really good people that are going to go to heaven. Where was God yesterday? Where was he? And they'll say, oh, yeah, but look at all the kids who got out of life. Like one of the kids, and if you don't understand, I don't blame the kid because naturally they're terrified. Oh, I just thanked the Lord that I was able to get out of there. Well, of course, he's going to say that because he's been conditioned to saying that. And of course, my immediate thought is, what about the ones who didn't get out? Do they thank the Lord? Are the ones that are clinging their, for their fighting for their lives in a hospital? An intensive care? Are they, are thanking the Lord that they're going to shape today? What kind of a simpleton? Believe this crap. That's what I would like to know. And until man decides that he's got the ability to stop all of these things. Until that day comes, then we're never going to make any progress, especially in this country. That's over-religionized to the point of insanity, like a national lunacy. Oh, well, we're having a prayer meeting now to make yourself feel better. Where was God yesterday? Forget about after the fact, as a prayer meeting. What do you a prandone for, huh? What are you praying for now? It's a little bit late. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Dad, Dan, our history, isn't it? Yes. Listen. Another one. I've got a couple of points. Number one on the, on the Italy thing. I lived there for four years back in the mid-80s, and I've been there a couple of times in the 90s, mid-80s, mid-80s, mid-80s, mid-80s, mid-80s, mid-80s, mid-80s. And while I lived there, all that four years, I was, I was in, I was in, I was in the Phiholian region, in the Veneto region, and I've been all over the country, you know, nine out with the guys, party, and stuff like that. Walking around, two, three, talking to the morning, you know what? Never one time did I hear from my life. Right. Never one time did I hear that somebody was going to come to shoot me in the head because I was walking down the street. Right. It's just amazing to me that all these people come up all and it's over and you're up and they're so bad and everything's good. I thought oh, I'm a broad bath and you're up. I lived there for four years. It was the greatest four years of my life. My God, I could walk with my family down the street at night. It was great. Point number two. You know what, fate starts. Fate starts with parenting. I'm sorry. You can keep your computer, kids, this book of crap. All you want. But you've got to care enough about your kids. You don't want to let them know that you don't want their angry. There's ways to take care of it. Right. There's ways to take care of it without going and shooting people around you without going and hurting people around you. And I'm a parent. I have a two year old, butter, and 18 year old son. You know what? If he's listening to Marilyn Manson, and Ruralarau talking how screwed up everything he's and I was going to kill someone, I'm going to stop and say hey, man, let's stop. What's the matter? Come talk to me. Let me know. You got a problem. It's my problem. I want to help you solve it. But no. No. It's God. It's in God's hands. God's going to handle it. Well, you know what? God didn't handle it yesterday. He didn't handle it. Now all those kids are dead. Yeah. He's having some problems at last the several thousand years ago. He's got a work. He's just a human. Well, I'm not either that or he just isn't confident. He's in that. You know, he just can't get a ride. Thank you, your foul. Listen. Thanks a lot, now for the for the chance. OK. Have a good day. 5.670560. 560 on the mobile one line. He works in mysterious ways. And he's going to be a great day. I'm going to give you some day. I'll find a response when he's finished with all those volumes. He's got to take care of the athletes. 11.01 and 560. Let me give you a perfect example of what I'm talking about today here. And Mike and I heard Hank yesterday say about how Michael nails written all these great columns lately. I'm trying to think of which one he might be talking about. I haven't read any. Michael, I haven't apologized today. How best I am yet. Mr. Hickford, Mr. Fuller, crab, Mr. Lier, Lier, pants on fire. Here. This is perfect. I read it this morning. And I almost forgot about bringing it up on the ear here. This is the best. He's got one of these other columns where he doesn't really have anything to say today. So he's got all these little points that he writes in here. About how, third of the way down, he says, I'm all forgiving. Cecil columns have changed. But I'm putting a double dead bulb on my door and locking the windows just the same. But he starts off by saying, I'll forgive you in my chat. And the very next sentence he says, athletes busted for drugs or prostitutes don't bother me. Consenting adults should be allowed to mess themselves up however they want. It's the ones who repeatedly assault women who make my skin crawl. Okay. Now are we following the logic in this from one sentence? He's offered given Cecil a chance, but he makes his skin crawl. Uh huh. Where's your value system, Michael Mayo? And like I said yesterday, with an awful great co-text column of the worst I've ever read in my life. You know, this business of a separate standard. How many guys who work over there at the newspapers in this town? If you are convicted or played guilty, the breaking into women's apartments and assaulting them twice molesting them twice. How many of you guys would be working your jobs today? Any? No. No. And like I said, that's the American effort away to that's all a part of it. That's like as a distinction. I mean, once in a while there's something important going on in the world that maybe somebody on this radio station might have a comment about as opposed to who the goddamn dolphins, drapins, some stupid ball game drap. Like it makes the difference in the state of light in the future of the world. Jesus Christ, get a brain some of you guys here. If anything important is going on in the world, this would be the last station I would ever turn on. I'll tell you that. We appeal to a bunch of mindless jobs and if there's what we appeal to, plenty hours a day. Want to buy some Marlon spots? No, I'm sorry. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Yes, man. First, I just feel really shaken by this. And you're the only one so far this morning who's forced to public that have to deal with it. Everybody will be so distracted today. It'll just be another day where they don't really take tough hard for this afternoon. As far as the relationship. They're conditioned to it. They're conditioned to it. Which is the most deplorable part. How can you accept this? It is hideous. I listen to Bob and Tom in the morning. I love their show. But they hear them carrying on and doing their same old stick. I just couldn't take it this morning. It was like, oh my God, look what's happened here. But the only other things I want to say, first of all, a tragedy like this, as far as my experience has been with believers or very religious people, it encourages them and gives them the opportunity to play the state and card. They're going to say, this is all the more reason we need to believe in Jesus. We need to dedicate our lives to Jesus and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Well, what is Jesus doing about it? What was he? You know, the mother Mary of the Virgin Mary. She's busy on the side of a bank building in Pensacola somewhere, or she's up there at the Rosalope as an house in Hollywood, or she's up there somewhere at that little town to cater Georgia. Well, they don't think of that. They just want to lay the blame somewhere else instead of saying we're all to blame. We all have to be responsible as parents. The parenting in this country has like taken a nose died. I'm on hand, you know, all these yappies having kids, they're rich cars, the magazine telling you how to do this, how to do that fine. That's how you have to learn to be a parent these days. Just to look it up in a book because nobody's home with these kids, or they don't have time to pay attention to them. People have to work very hard to make a living, and the children are being neglected. You know, they're maybe other problems, but the parent has to be held accountable for their children. And they're religious people are to busy running around shooting abortion for the doctors, and they're putting bomb on abortion clinics, you know, they're busy setting a good example. It is just so sad and I appreciate you're really taking the time to deal with it. I hope people will realize that this can't continue. Yeah. Okay, thanks. Thanks. Have a great time. Bye, bye. What am I saying? Have a great day. I'm not having a great day. I'm depressed. I'm psychotic. I'm a asset. There I did it voluntarily. I could have turned out a ballgame last night, which I guess I did for about 10 seconds, but then I kept turning back to this because how can you be watching a ballgame? I'm sure there are some sports nerds. Oh, gee, how could they cancel a rockies game there last night and Denver? How could they cancel a baseball game? Let me remind you by the way, that after your president Kennedy got assassinated November 63, that the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, they cancel all the games that we can. But that's something the National Fellan League they had to go ahead. And now years later, oh, that was a bad mistake. That was bad public relations. Because nothing's more important than the National Fellan League. You don't understand that, don't you? That takes great presidents over anything else in our lives. Seriously, listening to these idiots calling that the fact that there are those of you out there who really after seeing this after this goes on again, that this magnitude and you can, with a straight face, you can actually be calling up a radio show and talking about, well, if you think Cecil can make the team and you think that they got to go, we're running back, you know. You need to be put away in straight check. It's we need to be protected from people like you. You're the problem. Not just the kids that did all the killing yesterday, you're the problem. You're a big part of it. Because your mind does idiots. You're simple to this. And that thing that he told, I have no way of knowing because I don't listen. But if they were actually playing that tape on Howard this morning and playing it over and over again, laughing about it like it was a joke, he's a lot more of an implicitly unabrathodied was. I remember he got canned at first time at WNBC or was it in Washington, got canned after the playing crash, making jokes about all the people that died in the playing crash, years ago, yeah, got canned. Even for a simple thing like you Howard, with all your money and your big nose, not your sycophantic followers, even for you, is there some time in life that anything becomes serious, that anything, I guess not. What am I asking the good to rhetorical question? Because I heard the crank call on there yesterday myself. I mean, that just made me want to sit on a floor and cry to think that there could be anybody out there, that much of a simple thing. While we're watching live, all these hundreds and hundreds of eighteen hundred kids go to that school, watching hundreds of kids, cowering and fighting and hoping to try to stay alive. And it's joke time, alright, let's get Jackie to joke man, to make up all about that, huh? Jesus Christ. Not only a barbaric and violent country, but an incredibly dumb country, dumb, D-U-M, dumb. That's one of the reasons they admire all these dumb jokes. I mean, what if this makes out dumb, they are because a lot of these people can relate to it. You know what I'd be saying? But you just keep making babies, well, he just keep reproducing. It's 1109, and of course, so what do you do when you make babies you give out to Garz? That's right, when you have a baby, huh? That was an nice segue, Neil. Thank you. You hand out a great to, I don't just hand out some cheap dime-stores cigar people to talk about, you say, you know, you know, that John, he getting the real crappy cigar on his wife, hand the baby. But if you give a great cigar from next, he'll say, you know, something he must not be too bad of a guy. He's a guy with class, he knows where to find the good stuff, and cigars too. Fine relationship better than you overly lived. Fine relationship better than yours Yeah, I believe you're a that you have a life of fire. Fine relationship better than yours. Fine relationship better than yours. Fine relationship better than yours. Fine relationship. Then now I would gauge Bell Engineering and the actual date. The history and racial fate, our religion better than yours. Yeah, I am the Christian standard and the art of religion. I really deserve it, you order. But we like about the best. I find the religion well addressed. I am the Christian standard and the art of religion. But it really is the standard. What are the reasons? What are the reasons? What are the reasons? I should have done it. We have no respect for women to drive a cab to make a living. Why is religion better than yours? And I agree as you said in a strong legal religion. My religious husband and the daughters. You're far from our personal because we slaughter pigs and dogs in close. My religion better than yours. I really deserve it. I really deserve it. I really deserve it. You're a great, great, great, great, great, great. We were a TV fan to build and have a type of TV sale. I really deserve it. I love it. My religion is better than yours. And my religion is better than yours. Okay. We now can endorse the bodies. You like older brushes. Do I do my religion better than yours? But we deserve it. We deserve it. My religion is better than yours. We were tied and divided our bikes and gets in every line. My religion is better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. I really deserve it. You're a great, great, great, great, great. We're a great, great, great, great, great. We're a great, great, great, great, great, great. My religion better than yours. I love the 15 at 560WQA and we have a couple of lines on there. I know it's hard to believe. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the ATT, whatever that is, wireless line. Here's a mobile and much Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I want to say hello to you. I also want to ask you a question about guns. Why in the hell are guns legal in this country? They say that you have to have guns for what reason. You don't need handguns, period. They say hunting rifles are important. It killed the fence with the animals. They can't fight back. That's just as bad as shooting people. Yeah. I don't think almost. I don't see American F and way. Like I told you, it's part of American culture. They don't want to give it up. They hang on strenuously in the National Rifle Association. It's got millions and millions and millions of dollars to keep the health feathering the pockets of all the politicians and making sure that nobody does anything that is rational about it. And in addition to which the public is irresponsible and so much of results. Everybody's got a bunch of guns and the kids get a hold of them and load a ticket to hold them and they're all killing each other. That's that's American way. You're absolutely right except for one thing. The power of the word is more powerful than money. And I think if all the radio show people have together and they talked about the destruction of guns. Yeah. Well, so I hope all your breaths are good luck to us all. Have a wonderful life. All the radio people get together. We're going to solve this problem, right? Maybe if we could get Charlton Heshton involved here with our campaign. I'll go and by the way, there's an interesting thing. You sound of this bad. Learn how was it in the middle of these 18,000 stories about the fact that there's a big NRA convention going on there. In Denver, that's in here somewhere I'll find it. Oh yeah, here we go. The gun debate takes on new meaning. Let's see, they're making plans yesterday to descend on the Colorado Convention Center during the three day NRA meaning that's coming up in the Denver. And you've got Gidians and Gidians and Gidians and April 30th, it starts in Denver. There's the date. The NRA people are going to be there. Charlton Heshton is going to be there. Of course, we never met a gun that you'd like unless you pointed to put it in his hand. Here's a facts from a lady who's from Berren Switzerland. She says, I've been a list of your program for five years. You run the money with today's topic. I'm from Switzerland, the Cincinnati School of Fire, I'd meet a silenced, etc. And so on. Society's deterioration is tragic. She says. Absolutely correct, man. Here's a fact. This is I agree with you about Europe. I've been there many times. It's totally different. That's because the system is different. The way of thinking is different. As you know, in Europe, they show boobs and new to the on TV and you see that the beach, and the rate rate is non-existent. Also, you, when I know the Italians in French eat a lot of fatty foods, they don't get fat. And it goes on about that whole while. You know, this is America. Man, everything's done here to make money for certain. For self-ish interest. And they don't give a crap about the public. And the public is easily brainwashed because they're poorly educated. But even just taking that all scraping it off the surface, what kind of basic values do the American forget about all the other countries in the world? We're not living in those. What kind of basic values do the American people have when we can have as many? I'm not saying that everybody out there's this come back because if that were the case with that total energy. But we're not that far away from it. What kind of values do you have? What kind of value do we place on human life when this kind of stuff can go on? And it's like, you know, it's you that was terrible. What's next? How can you live like that? How can you, how can you deal with this? How can you sit there and watch that stuff live yesterday and watch them Carding away the body's in his body kids? Some of whom aren't going to make it, probably? It's just the mind boggling to me. I don't understand it. I just, I can't relate to people who all I almost all of them, and there's so much better than I am, you know? They're good old religious, head of a sexual, God loving Jesus, worshiping, you know, great folks. But they don't give a crap about this. I have told you before in America, as long as it isn't you or somebody that you care about. Some of your family, your friends, whoever, as long as they leave you alone, then it's okay. Doesn't bother you. Doesn't affect me, right? Yes. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Good afternoon. Good morning. You listen, me, I'll go to the other morning. One of the, one of the girls, one of the guys that were shooting said to one of the victims, you believe in God, and she said yes, and he blew a brain out. Yeah. So this was like totally, I wasn't listening right at the moment. You must have been tuned to another channel. No, can you imagine this, you know, religion people out there, it's self respect. Everybody has to respect each other. You don't have to, you know, let's see, my religion would have worked yesterday. DNA, it's do no harm. I would have meant that, you know, just obviously, anybody knows you don't come in and blow somebody else away because you're pissed off for any reason. You know, it's no harm. It just comes in sense. Let me just say this, though. You know, when we were young, we had songs on the radio about the girl next door. Now if you take a look at what the lyrics are these songs, all the songs go to the genre. So let me, let it sound out of the words, it's the music on the radio. Is that what you told me? I didn't listen to the girl. It's an answer music, is that what it is because I haven't had a wonderful life. You're sounding like an old-body dirty now. Okay. Maybe it was those Elvis Presley records that, you know, set me on the wrong path. Oh, yeah. No, back in the 50s when Elvis, and that whole rock and roll thing, first started Bill Hailey and Elvis. There was that all of a indigenous, and it is usual to religious nuts. Oh, if the end of the world, we got a bandist and protest that, and they couldn't show Elvis from the waist down on the L.I. Sullivan show. Like I said, more sex, less violence. That's what we need in America. Like this fact says, you know, you go to Europe and you turn on it, not the cable channel, just the over the year channels. And they got commercials, they got programs with women when they could boobs and people are going to know nobody gets all titillated about that. If you've part in that expression, nobody gets all it. Here, God forbid, we got people sitting there rubbing themselves raw, watching national geographic shows on public television. Oh, gee, it's a naked breast. I mean, she made me grow testkin. The real dark complex. You know, it's pathetic. It's embarrassing. Juvenile, that's America for you. Juvenile, this is a country that refuses to grow up. That's why we went through penis gate with a president. Oh, he got a few blow jobs. And they had some phone six. And, and, oh, wow, it's bad. And then we find out that most of the people that were shouting loudest that's bad, that we're doing more stuff. They were breaking up other people's families having the list of the fears. Right, Henry, Jacqueline Hyde, you fat turd burger piece of crap. Well, I'm just concerned about the children. Yeah, how about the children and the family of broke up? That parole bashing up there in the West and slaps. Like, I've asked for the 5,000 times. Didn't care about them. Like, you were busy lying to that broad. Well, you weren't married. Oh, but that was when he was young and sewing his oath at 41. That's pretty young. You knew he'd just a young, a whips nepper. He didn't know it was a better. Saint de Montis hypocrites. Like, I told you all the year plus that we went through all that penis cage stuff. Keep your nose out of people's bedrooms and have respect for human life. There you go. What a freaking concept. Have respect for other people. Make human and let me say it again. The guy that asked yesterday was just a gas. You know, one of several ads. So feel so sorry. I don't have any faith. You know, what's it all about? Have respect for yourself. Have respect for the value of life. That's all. Period. Very simple. What kind of scumbag? What kind of some human crap? Does these things? Sobshuman crap. Not deserve it. And then, of course, we have to hear about well, they had emotional problems. I don't want to hear about their problems. If the two of them would not have shot them, so I would have been captured yesterday. I'd be all for putting them right today on the noon news nationwide. Canceling school for everybody and executing today on the noon news. I'd be all for it. I'd be glued to it. I'd be riveted to it. And everybody just like in a clockwork orange, everybody, especially young people, would have had to be forced like with toothpicks in their eyes to watch it, whether they wanted to or not. And say, this is what happens when you do these kind of unacceptable aberrant things. Okay. Oh, but they were misunderstood. You're right. Uh-huh. All the suck. I just got to get into it now. And like this guy, oh, I listened to that news. It was lyrics. How come they listened to the same music with the same lyrics in Europe, and they're not running around shooting each other in school? Maybe because they have a different set of values over there. Could that possibly be a different value system? Maybe because they've been taught to respect human life? Oh, what a concept. Here's my me, be, chillin. Anyhow, you're doing. Okay, sir. You know what's really disgusting? The saying or the expression he can most hear in South Florida is, it comes without law. Only outlaws would have guns. You have James. I'm not a Florida thing. That's all over. Yeah, but I hear it. You're a lot. James Brady is in a wheelchair. He's a vegetable that he's in bad shape. The president of the United States was shot by a handgun. But do we even think about getting off the streets? Of course not. Of course not. Of course not. You know, Charlton has done in the NRA. They don't look like a gun. He's a gun. He's a gun. He's a gun. He's a gun. Oh, yeah. And you know what? When you guys play that gun show on your air, you know, the commercial for the gun show, I was also a bit too. That's absolutely ridiculous. If I could if I had my way, if I had any way to control the recorded spots, they're under show you'd never hear them. So that's why every non-in. I thought one of those in the spot is my protest, but it's not an eye can do a bonnet. Here's the mile of swill you hear on Sports Stock also. Yesterday, guy calls him to hand, he goes, you know, Hank, I was in college too. I made mistakes once a while. One time, I stole a parking sticker from a dice car. Well, that's just like my own, and it's very easy for them to come in and do a fellow. I mean, Hank was dumbfounded. He couldn't click them off quick enough. But how come Hank was defending it today before how come he was stuck in up to Jimmy again and defending it? See, that's one thing. Good thing he has a problem that way. You know, everybody's an icon in this town with sure it was an icon. Jimmy Johnson, they can do no wrong. How dare like it. If you read Ed Pubs, calm this morning, the letters to the love letters, it's just unbelievable. It is that people actually will take the time to send a letter. They're outraged. They're furious that he should have the audacity to question Jimmy's judgment. Is if, you know, some stupid football coach is the genius and he's the great moral leader for all of us. I'm a Nick fan when the Charles Fruir came to the next all of a sudden, you put Rose colored glasses on. But why is that? I don't know why. I wish I did have the answer because it's sickening. And you know what, if this guy sees the columns, does make the team, I think it's going to be outrageous to tell you the truth. And at least, at least, clap up in New England to the stand and got rid of the Christian Peters when they drafted him. Maybe he said he didn't know it's background and he got rid of the father of the rule. Well, father of the rule is looking out for those Christian Peters. He's got a Zion for all of them. Thank you, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And I want to know how we get in sucked in a football conversation now. See how he's, I mean, I did bring up the Michael Mayo thing. Michael, you continue with me as maybe because you're an asshole. I think David Halberstein should be honored that you called for his being fired because coming from a smuck lucky you, Michael, I think it's appropriate. Always consider the source. Here's a guy to write a column and, you know, pretending to say something which none of these guys ever do. You know, the Congress himself and the very next sentence. You couldn't wait to like later down down the line. Next sentence. Like 10 to 20. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. So you're an atheist. Completely rooted in Zion. So with no beliefs outside of what you can see with your own two eyes. Well, then chances are that the Old Testament didn't do it for you. And neither did the deal with. So with the Lord's final attempt to bring your story ass around, check out the latest book from God entitled Screw You Two. You're an great little bastard. Start up in chapter one with who do you think caused the flood that wiped out your house last week? And then move on to such later chapters as step outside, I dare you. And drop to your knees and pray or those hemorrhoids won't ever go away. It's screw you two. You're an great little bastard. The latest release from God. It's better than the book of Mormon. Better than the Torah. And the Bible combined. Oh, by yours today. Yes, yes. If a lot of 31 or 560 WQAM, we got you managed briefly before the baseball game. 330 of the Jaiants in the Marlins and the interest in that. Oh, thanks. Here's a facts about it here. This. Unfined of course. Uncle Neil. God has nothing to do with all the man made crap that's going on. God is love. Wherever there is love, God is. If there is no love, you know what's man made crap. As simple as that. Man is free to do whatever they want if they want to kill each other. God has nothing to do with that. How do you like that? I think I've heard her ear in network uses. I think I've seen the face of God. I think I've heard the voice of God. He was saying. And then let's do it that. Yeah, no matter what it is, unless it's love. Why doesn't man try and take responsibility for their own act in court blaming. God, it says. Isn't that amazing? He's only got to do it with a good stuff. Like the plagues and the floods and that's kind of stuff. Well, when it comes to murder and all these other people praying to their God, to intercede and to save them. He, most of the time, he don't quite make it in time. He's like that Clark Kent in the wheelchair thing, you know. You don't quite get there in time. Too bad Jimmy's did. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60 on the AT&T while he's still asking. I'm waiting for the first person to call him. I mean, that was an idiot. He had a very ridiculous. Where was God yesterday? How come the grease man got fired by the way for, you know, the comet he made? That supposedly racist comet that he made and obviously joking way. And yet other people can go on here and make a joke out of 15 kids getting shot and killed. For their own self-aggrandizement, for their own big fat never ending egos. I wonder about that. Just thinking out loud, you know. Here's Boker, hello. Yeah, you know, religion doesn't even make the top ten lists of things. The cause of the shootings yesterday. Yeah. But you've turned this tragedy in an opportunity to go on with your anti-religious agenda. And I don't see how that... Let me finish. Let me finish. Let me finish. No, I'm not going to let you finish anything. Where was God yesterday when this was going on? I don't know. How am I supposed to know? I don't know since you're the one who believes in him and I don't. I didn't say that. Oh. You're putting words on him. You don't want to think. You believe in God? Listen to what I said. You believe in God. Religion doesn't even make the top ten lists. Sir, do you believe in God? Yes, I do. Okay. So then why did you get up? When I said that, it was obvious that you do. Because I never said I did. Well, now you did. Okay. Now I do. But now we've established that. Okay. Now we've established that and let's move on with a good, the great ace. Wait a minute. But you're going on, make turning this tragedy into an opportunity to spread this anti-religious stuff that you have. And I don't see how that's much better than what Howard did. Oh, really? Yeah. In other words, if I made it into a joke, it would be okay. Or, you know, how we're talking about. No, why don't you talk about the issues? I'm talking about the issues. I'm talking about the fact. I'm talking about the values of the American public. I'm talking about the screwed up and that's a big part of it. About 10% of what you talked about is the other 90% has been religion. And what does that have to do with anything? It has to do with anything. It has to do with anything. It has to do with. It has to do with. It has to do with. It has to do with. It has to do with. You know, and that's not 90% of what I've talked about. You're absolutely full of crap about that. I've talked about that. I've talked about that. I've talked about that. I've talked about that. I've talked about that. I've talked about that. Well, it's not how much time did they take a minute of peace? No, that's all you've been talking about. No, it is not a certain amount of. Blow it out to your religious ass. Okay. So it is not what I've been talking about. I went on a great length about living in other parts of the world where people are civilized. I didn't mention a guy damn thing about the fact that in most of those countries, well, yes, I did. I mentioned that most of the market of sex with religion like America. I did mention that. But that is 90% of what I've been talking about. And because you're trying to be flagged. I'm not going to work with me, sir. I'm not going to be deflected. I'm going to talk about whatever I think and what is in my mind. I'm not going to talk about what you decide. I should be talking about. And to compare my opinions with somebody coming on here and making a joke for self-aggrandizing purposes to feed their own ego about 15 kids getting shot and killed yesterday. Shame on you, sir. I hope God forgives you for that. 560560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. I'm going to ask this guy where was God here. Oh, how should I know? I don't have this full number. I don't have the direct line. I don't have the back line. How does he know? In fact, evidently nobody does know because I'm not getting any response to that. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Well, no. Yes, sir. It's really scary about these kids. How that has access to weapons and that much ammo. Yeah. Now, even though they had the guns, they had a lot of ammo. To do a lot of ammo. And an angry-nades, pipe bombs, one to the lead. Unbelievable. And God, I think about God. Okay, 560560, on the 18T wireless line. You can't separate it, sir. That's American culture. It's ingrained in there. That's what it's all about. All these people, oh, well, if we just have God has the answers. If we just pray to God, it's part of the American sickness. It's part of the big flaw in the American mentality. This refusal to take responsibility for our own actions and every specter reach other and I'll wait for some magical hocus-pocus to us all these things. To save us from crazy people. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I've never traveled to Europe, so I really can't speak to any of that. But, you know, how far away is the Canadian border from, say, Detroit? You never hear of things like this happening in Canada. Right across the Ambassador, Bill. You've traveled the Canada numerous times. Well, I wouldn't say they never happened. But very relatively speaking, very, very, very, very rarely. And let me say it again. You can go to Toronto, which I have a million times. Walk the streets day or night. You're not gonna mean what? Yeah, there was a shooting in front of Stam's records door. One time, I was there several nights ago, and somebody did get murdered. It was a drug thing again. But it's very, very, very, very rare. Neil, this goes to the heart of what you think. And how come, here we are in the same continent for quite a lot along an artificial border. And the people over there are much more educated and have much more respect for human life. And have a whole different set of human values. You have to people here in America are like, God says with bullcraft. Neil, they speak the same language. They drive them the same frequency of the road. I'm saying, this is a, you're exactly right. It is a peculiarly American thing. That's the American, the way you try to write baby. You've got to write, this, this kind of thing is not the norm. It is not in every month, every six months, every whatever recurrence. And it's, it's just thickening to think that this is the country we live in. So I don't know what the answer is about God. I'll see you at the passport office. Bye. 560, 505, 505, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's go to a mobile and curl spring. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. It's probably because you said that you're going to have a lot of money. You're going to have a lot of money. You're going to have a lot of money. You're going to have a lot of money. Yes, sir. Okay. It's probably a few several times before. I'm a guy who makes his living working over in Europe. And, you know, let me just say this about European culture. They still have problems over there. I mean, they're not related to the availability of weapons, which are available widely and easily here in the United States. We all know that. We're absolutely screwed up on that issue. But they still have their problems over there. I mean, they have, uh... What do you mean they have their problems? Everybody's got problems. I mean, they have their violence over there. But not to the degree that we have. Are you afraid to walk this street? I mean, I don't know what cities you're talking about. Absolutely not. You absolutely right. Yeah. Not afraid to walk the streets. Are people shooting each other in public schools? No, absolutely. Yeah. So, so what I'm talking about? I'm not trying to say I found paradise that there's some place that's perfect. There is no such thing. Yeah, I agree with you. Any other people, there are problems? I mean, I'm trying to introduce a point of history and religion, which may have a bearing on what we're talking about here. Uh, when a Catholic church controlled all religions up until a reformation, uh, there was a central authority by which life and death was basically issued from Rome. Once the, uh, reform situation took place in Europe, you had at the beginning of new ideas. And one of those ideas was what we called, Batch Calvinism. And Dutch Calvinism substituted the idea of salvation with the idea of profit. Because the Dutch believed that if a man could show a profit, essentially in his business, he must be doing something right. And that idea really took hold in Europe and around the world. And that is what has led to this substitution of moral and ethical behavior for the practice of making money. This super capitalism, which we have, which overrides and count demands all over the world. You're saying that Dutch are the super capitalism in the Americans, we were the good religious people. Though I'm missing that something here somewhere. Well, you have to, you have to be overbent. Have you ever been to another one, sir? Oh, sure. I just came back. I just discussed that with you. Yeah. I spent five months over there working. Oh, yeah. They were the one that hated it. Like Poison, OK. Thank you. Now we know who that is. Remember that call? He hated it. And how horrendous it is in Yani, Yani, Yani. You've got into some bad. Twenty-four noon at five, sixty-w-q-h. Thank you. You're a genius. You're a genius. You're a genius. You're a genius. You're a genius. You're a genius. You're a genius. You're a genius. See, that's that one he did to get this guy to finally board up. And you're our spokesperson for who he is. This is the same guy in case you met his simulating call a few weeks ago, who called the shoulder bride that he had lived in the middle of the lens that he's a business guy. And I'm based on business. He was forced to live there for five months. And he came up with a few observations that anybody who lived there for any period of time would absolutely positively become a drug addict. So he was an asshole when he made that call. And he was an asshole when he made this call. Of course, George is sitting in there spewing and foaming at them off the smoke is out of his ears and wanting to get into a big story and then it's about the pre-reformation church about this Spanish and was in and the crusades. And all the hundreds of thousands are millions of people that were slaughtered because something made of an offer that couldn't refuse or they didn't refuse or they shouldn't have refused. What about the point? Consider the source. Consider the source. Maybe they'd do that. Maybe not enough of those magic mushrooms. And I'm stood on. I mean, when somebody calls this program or when somebody would say that to me in passing conversation on a bus in a parking lot that anybody who spends any like the time and answered him will be certainly become a drug addict. This man needs mental help is what he needs. The most ludicrous, the most idiotic, the most action on comment I've ever heard in my life. I have walked past every cafe, every brown cafe, every drug place. The whatever the drug. What kind of a copy of whatever they call that place? The place with a magic mushrooms. I can't even think of the names of all these doing cannabis, condosures. Have I ever gone in? No. Do I give a rat chance about any of those places? No. Do most of the people that I see go in? No. Do the people that want to go in and go in there. I just give it a few months. Yeah, right. I would give me a few months of it. You'll be a puned up. Forget about pot head. No, you'll become a drug addict. Don't keep. Right. There you go. You'll be shooting up right out there on the street right on the Rudevassoline. Sir, you're a crazy person. You're out of your mind. In fact, I'm surprised they haven't. They're revoked. You're Visa Mastercard and you'll possibly worth though. Jack asked. Fort Myers, hello. Yeah, Neil Grornik. Yes, sir. I, uh, actually, is actually going out of Howard's shirt. I don't, I don't think it was for the main desk called or set that up. That was a listener. Was it not? And then he played it all according to one call we had this morning. Played it over and over again on the show this morning. He said, around and laughed about it. Well, again, every comedian worth the salt is made fun of a tragic world. Is that a true pleasure? You're an idiot. Every comedian has made fun of 15 kids. You're while still in the process of going on. You think there was something funny about that? How do you? Here's another Howard hole. Okay. Howard could come to your face and fart in your face and say, oh, man, what an aroma. Do it again. How he? You're an idiot. Unacceptable. Every comedian has made fun of something like this. We find humor in this. In the massacre of 15 kids and 15 or 20 to 25 others that are in the hospital fighting for their lives, there's a real, a yuck it up pal. You're a simple demand. You're a rationalizer. You just want to let us step the fact do you. That some people's egos are more important than anything that could possibly ever be serious. In addition, which we got some people who can never take anything serious, which was what I started up to show about today. I've got to give you a song to dance about my anti-religion agenda, which of course does tie in, but it's only been a small part about I've been talking about. And of course, if you want to come back to that, how can a country that's so obsessed more than any country I can think of with religious insanity? How can a country that's so obsessed with all this be so violent and be so grotesque in barbaric? And of course, nobody wants to answer that question. There would much rather attack me. There's a mobile in Davy, hello. And where? Davy, it says. Yeah, this is Davy. Well, that's you then. Yeah, how you doing? OK. I'm talking about this religion, the madasses of the man's ridiculous. I was raised a strict Catholic. And after 12 years of that, I became just a normal guy where I see light as it is. Now I'm an evolutionary. Evolution did happen. That's the way life is. Yeah. But what I'm saying is people should know right for wrong, whether they're in religion or not. How can you not know basic right from wrong? The somebody had a kick of book and tell you not to kill somebody. I mean, like I said before, if you need to read that in a book then you need to be locked away somewhere so the rest of us can be safe. But you know, in my early years in religion, through the time I was, I was talking about the born and taught now. They taught me right from wrong. And I not gave up on that when I found out about evolution, which is definitely what happened. But what I'm saying is, talking people going on and on, you know, about, I think religion is definitely important. You imagine what it would be like if these people was no brain had to be out there in the streets with nowhere to go to absolve their souls and solve themselves or what they've done. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, it's important in that fact. But that's for weak people. We don't really realize what's going on, you know. Some of the things that you're saying is that God, God forbid we didn't have this curse for these people. We don't know what's going on. And that would be a hundred times worse than that would be a saying to absolutely, I'm saying it. Okay. Well, tell all the people that got slaughtered in the Spanish and position. Just to pick one or all the people at all the, you know, the coast of ours that are schlepping them. I'm looking for a place to put their body down before they bury them in the pit. I mean, that's always the argument from the religion. Oh, if the war for religion just imagine how bad the world would be. Now, think you got to kind of backwards, sir. Let me tell you again, if you don't have certain basic values, if you don't understand certain basic things without any big shot and then things that your parents ought to teach you at a very, very early age, like by the time you're holding up to like even have any comprehension, then they're ain't no hope for you. Let's just scrape your off the face of the earth and the tribe the next one, okay. In other words, in other words, what you're basically saying is that if we are promised some reward for not killing everybody else, then why the hell bother? Is basically what that whole message is. Why not see all somebody else's property? Because, you know, if we're not going to have to worry about going to hell for it, then why the hell be good? By be decent. By having a bad use at all. Tragic. Even slime, even slippery slime, even oozing amoebas have more comments than that. Here's Miami, hello. Are you doing? Okay, sir. I was just calling those asking, what did you think about the fact that most of these incidents is occur in smaller places? I know everybody, I know there's violence in every city. There's a little field is a suburb of Denver. It's right outside of Denver. That's not a small place. Okay. I wasn't aware of that. What did they want to make? I was just asking because to me, it just seemed ironic. And I just wondered why these things seemed to happen in like... What's buried? Well, sometimes they do. But this is one like an affluent suburb of Denver, which is a major metropolitan market. Also, I think it goes along with the show that this goes across racial line. It's not just black, white, or whatever they kill people. This is a problem of our whole city. There's plenty of scumbags to go around for every group. That's for sure. That's all I had to say. Okay, pal. 560560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a call from the 7-mile bridge, hello. More than Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, I lived in the United Kingdom for three years, and then after three years, and people got killed. Uh-huh. And three years. And three years. And they were allowed to be a numeric, you know. Over there. And this is unreal. If you look at the... Another thing, if you look at the bill, right. The gun toters, there for the militia, not for private citizens. Yeah, I know that, but I mean, trying to argue that in America. I mean, you're up against the NRA and you're up against a bunch of bullies. Oh, I know that. Yeah, you just arrived in the town. Oh, wheels, you just wasting your time. And a figured out workout was you wouldn't close the bill yesterday. It helped him kill the ethnic. Okay, thanks. Thanks for the good news. I knew he was somewhere doing his good work, doing his good deeds. He was helping out with the ethnic cleansing over there when you was lobby. Yeah. Has he intervened there? Yeah. Does he ever seem to intervene? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No, no. It would be your luck if you got every bout one shot andWhy not last time. What have they got? I've been a general businessweight guy away since I was 21. You know what I'm like? Oh, the gang should be in all your streets and stuff... talking around and all the local reporters do that they sent down there. For that wonderful scene like I said before, if the Orioles play a baseball game down there, oh my god come on, it's coming, it's the we got protests, we got people out of the nervous breakdown. But if the Holy Father goes over there, then yeah, Cno evil here, no evil, it's said it went so long. We don't know nothing about that. We had nothing to do with that. Yeah, that's right. Whenever whenever it's convenient, no. Whenever it's convenient and doesn't, it totally flies in the face. If everything you say or playing the sand for, all you have to do is say, and then to do with that. Yeah, there you go, get you off the hook, for all time, sick. God, man and address running around with a beating you on a man from the stone age that they laugh at over Italy, like oh my god, even as music came to good. And these people are running around sticking away for a sin or mouth and drinking from the cup and the mean time, the priest is molesting their kids, you know, oh well, you know, just the way it is. You're just making that stuff up anyway. They're not acting in the church. Yeah. Now they're not in the church. They're over at Westland, really. Glory holes right now at Floons Time. They'll be back in church at one. How many years have I been asking if you have a metastrade priest 23 years and have I ever gotten an answer? No, never even got a name, never a hint. How about the turn? What was the one from the York with these to bring the altar boys to the back of the rectum ring? What did it mean before this one? Before we're cornered. Spelman, Francis Cardinal Spelman. He used to bring the altar boys in limousines. Kind of like Johnny Versace, he had them bringing their hustlers over there on top peach. Well, we know where he is now in a box. Okay, here's the great fact. Not it says, here's my philosophy. You believe in God, go to church every Sunday and have morals. When you die, if there is a heaven in your church upon an ring, we get to heaven. You gain everything and lose what? And now we're weak, but if you go on with your life believing in nothing and not having faith in God, living by curiously each day with no definite goal in life and find out after you die that God in heaven doesn't exist, what do you gain? What do you lose? Oh boy, I'll see whoever you are. That's brilliant. So just to cover your ass, just in case there might be something out there, you better pretend like I said, make it up. God does what you're thinking. That's right. He knows when you're faking it and you're guesm too. You're a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit here's a mobile and Naples, hello. Yes, sir. I'm just about to Howard thing and I hope some people can confirm you know what I'm saying now because you were relying on that one call. I listen to the whole show. First of all, I think you both have the same values exactly. I don't. But anyway, go ahead. You know, listen, how do you know? I've heard enough Howard before he came on here. He's got three kids in school. Yes. His white takes him to show he stays out of show. He's an atheist. Yeah. But the whole point is he played that thing once. He was not amused by that. I took the garbage out. He might have played it twice, but the guy said he played it over and over and over and over. Yeah. And he didn't last. Jackie did joke. I don't know. They say in about it. Okay. There was a Captain James is one of his crony's out there. You know, there's a lot of people he's got. He's all over the country. And he made a stupid call to this. And is that what they said? It was a stupid call. And I was grow test. And I'm a simple. Yeah, according to Robin and Howard. Yes. Absolutely. Great. I'm. And if that's what they said, then I stand corrected. Howard Howard is. And then I, and when I came on this morning and I talked about that, I wasn't knocking him. I was talking about the mindless sick offense who, you know, do whatever the hell he says to do. I know. But. But. Don't wait for Howard says that he liked whatever kind of irrekenial kingsarl. And they're just don't know where to held the Drottle on, because their morros keep it. I'm talking about the basic issues he says and take gun... he says his got your values. Oh, hey, sorry. Howard, you don't have to tell me, how will he doesn't need me. He's making millions and millions of dollars. I'm a little pissed-pot Aqura nih remind me. I'm doing okay. Thank you. I just want to connect with you regularly. If you book me down a million stations, he's on in two different countries. But he says, decent guy, that's all I'm saying he started. He's done a bad guy. Sure, I don't know him, okay. Do you know him personally? nobody listen to you both it's a son of a as you know me you listen to a radio show that doesn't mean I'm a good guy Red guy I know you are 25 years. I think I know you're a good guy. I am a good guy I know and maybe he's a good guy too. If I hit his that some of his sick offense I'm gonna tell you if anybody who listen to this you'll go to call the nearest today and done something like that I don't think I'm gonna come into that could never look anybody in the face for like a month And parenthetically there's something there's one card that you've played over the years that I have a problem with only one card And what is that? Here's an heaven. What I think that's sure that's long long after the fact Okay, this call There was visiting Miami and turned on the radio and heard that and put yourself in his shoes There are a lot of things that I do that offend people. I'm always Sir can I respond to you please? Yeah, guys say something. Yeah, this call that was made yesterday. I saw it live. Did you hear it live? No, I was watching on a satellite in my house KUSH I watched their coverage. I watched these two anchors try I mean an impossibly difficult neurotic situation and here comes this phone call this crank call. I'm gonna tell you I my heart sank when I saw it Okay, how it control that I didn't say he could Okay, but to try to compare it with something that's long after the fact I would agree that most things I've always said you have to have a huge sense of humor about anything But not in the middle of a crisis when some are right now I'm feeling a little on absolutely and like I said if he if he decried it and I'm sure we'll get other calls Then I stand corrected and I hope you do get other calls. Okay, so now we got one that says one thing it's like anything else You know two people watch the same train wrecking just two different stories if 20 people give you a I wouldn't as reports he get 20 different stories. I don't know And I'm sorry and no, I'm not sorry brought it up because whoever the jackass was that made the call like I said not Howard Not anybody else whoever the Embocile was that made the call he needs to be rounded up and put away somewhere in a rubber room for a few months and cool out Embocile And that guy that called before to give me a song that said oh, well, you know comedians river, but there is nothing funny No, will we ever be making jokes on this or playing parodies about 15 kids getting shot in the Dell in the Denver yesterday and As far as Eric Clapton's kids flying out the window if you can't see even as tragic as that was if you can't find something humorous in a way that happened that well And so it goes Don't you see a little bit of a difference No Oh, you're asking me no, I'm just I'm talking out loud. I'm just talking to myself like I usually do here. I'm just no, I'm not asking you I mean what would be the point? You see the difference oh God See and again, how do we get how do we get off the track here? How do we start with a whole song that is Howard a good? How are again? You're making Howard the issue. I don't want to make Howard the issue. I don't keep a flying crab about Howard I don't listen to Howard I mentioned that I heard this tasteless road test unacceptable call from one of his sick offense will one of his simple things out there That's all I said But it's very easy to deflect a whole conversation because this guy is you know whatever whatever his story is And Eric Clapton sucks by the way here's Hollywood hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I Was talking about that about this last night What happened out and done for yeah and he came over here as a lot of people did from Germany after the war he got bombed out He was in a German army went through the whole hell of all of that and he any brothers family over here to get away from all of this brutality and he said in the 50s 60s and the 70s everything was great And you know, you see the violent start turning in and the last night He says to me that said I'm getting out of here. He's going back So he made he's made the site the circle, you know, he's going back to where he got out of because it's much more Safe and peaceful over there. It's a slaughterhouse here. Yeah, and and it really hit home Because he told me that's it I can't I can't do with this here anymore So he's he's meant to complete circle. He's going back It's it's safe over there than it is here. That's for damage anybody that doesn't think that is it's just dreaming Thanks, okay, pal And I've told you this before I mean some of us old far it's like myself I remember when you go to an airport that we know middle detectors You go into a federal building any kind of a government building. There was also a thing is a middle detector Didn't we just have that episode here? Well, how long ago was it up there in the capital a year ago? You're whatever that was Every time you turn around you got some nutcase shooting up there There was never any such thing as a middle detector in this country you go to the airport You go get your ticket you take your luggage to the gate you get on a plane you fly wherever you're going Now You can't go anywhere the world where there are no middle detectors because the world is basically a barbaric place But this country especially in our everyday life is a barbaric place which ought to be unacceptable to all of you But unfortunately I guess it's just that I'm a bad guy I'm just making you up because I have an agenda They hope you use it on the year I've been looking at QAM now for maybe 20 years at least in 30 years 40 years I've never heard anything as disgusting as a neurologist program I'm boys I'm a graphic the thought of my granddaughter of one of my kids looking to his dessert I I was gonna tell you frankly I am done listening to your station This is a horrible growth thing. I have ever heard and it's always on concern throughout my book goodbye Goodest goodbye thought of anybody listening to this show. What's that? What are you getting all worked up about? Oh, I call that guy back and told him that's you. Oh, I'm a fuser See George doesn't want to hear your material. Okay. He's just asking where you're calling from and put you on hold And that's it that's why we do this show when George is filling in from me and doing the show Then have he glad to talk to you for a few seconds and hang up on it But other than that, you know when you call this show don't waste your time expecting him to listen to your half-baked Bullcraft material. It's bad enough that I got to listen to it. That's what they pay me for I'll listen to it when they talk to you exactly we can both hear it at the same time And so can the right to the audience you have the ten people are listening five six seven I don't want to talk to Dave the cop five six seven five six seven five six damn I mean, oh, it's getting him out of there put this series. I hang up on him. It's a good guy But I don't want to talk to him on day like this Christ See what I mean about chronics. I just I can't I can't function with this I can't deal with it. Chronics and he's probably got something good to say like about you know Well, not out there yesterday. What a cop and by the way. Let me just say this to you Because there was there was definitely a you know lack of involvement there in a part of police and a school authorities Because a year ago the one kid was you know, threatening another kid's life and they just a pool pool did if I knew that Expression again. Oh wow, you know Didn't pay any attention now guess what a whole bunch of people are dead none the verge But as I was watching the thing on the fool. I'm thinking of myself hey here's some real police work going on Okay here are guys risking their lives here are guys pulling those kids out of school there's the swathing There's some real police work that not standing there with a radar gun You know I'm saying harassing the taxpayers writing the speeding tickets Here's a mobile and for waterdale. Hello Hello, yes, sir This is Dave. I'm a comedian from the Denver Colorado. Yes, sir And I started a little fan is right it's 15 minutes out of Denver. So right it's not a small little town And they're the suburbs and they got it all the 90 to 95,000 people yeah about Right and the genics that all the Canadians they've got a tragedy. That's not true at all either What's that who said Canadians man? Who said that? Tragedy comedian comedian he said sir Canadians not Canadians they get that hearing get that miracle here on 567 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line all boy Is it to loony or the tune is that what's got them all upset and worth a crap by the way, sir Here's a lady mobile and Davy hello Hi, Neil. Yes, man long time a lifter first time callers good I wonder where all the women are today all the mothers you know of the kids I mean obviously got a lot of fathers out there to where all the mothers well I'm a retired teacher. Yeah, I thought both upstate In private school in public school at North and down here and I thought high school science for 13 years right and It is scary some of these kids. They are really frightening the kids are at risk the teachers are at risk in a many times The administration doesn't even tell you that some of these kids are medicated or Seeing psychiatrists or have real clinical problems and Everybody is scared of kids you can't discipline them you can't help them to please be quiet during a Yeah, and exercise And we all know where that comes from. No way absolutely I don't know how is that they're growing up in him and then when you want to see the parents or whatever the first thing is that it's not my kid It's that you're not fair. You're not decent. You don't like my kid and Everybody is just trying to shark the responsibility and then they'll do it that yeah, right exactly So it is scary a parent to the kids who have to go to school in the parents with the teachers who have to stay with those kids for at least an hour a day Locked in the classroom with them Long good luck Sorry some of these kids really could give you the willy. I know good luck. Thank you. Bye. Hi Who in the right mind would want to be a school teacher today? Okay with a bunch of non supportive parents a bunch of ready kids Not all of this too many and I know I'm an old funny daddy when I went to school the idea of anybody bringing a knife or a gun in the school It's unthinkable. It is not possible. It is inconceivable. It just couldn't and wouldn't and didn't ever happen. It just didn't happen And a cut nothing it was what kind of music kids listen to. I mean people at search for a simplistic answers like that I mean all I can say to them is yeah, that's all I can say to them Here's that in two are hello Yeah, no yes, sir long time listen there But if I something hypocritical about what you're saying today. I want to know why I'm always in I'll put but listen. Why is it okay for you The place songs you think a humorous like the song about the little girl like that's strangle by her parents You think that's funny the song that you play about her that's the same thing making fun of other situation What is it because she's one person? What did I just get through saying what did I just get through telling the other guy the call what I said that there's humor in every See if you're a relative sir, whoever have any sir, and let me say it to you again You don't want an answer. Okay. I'm a jerk And I have no idea why you're listening. I'm a jerk. I'm a hypocrite every time anybody disagrees with anything I say I'm a hypocrite. I'm not gonna repeat what I said before There's humor in everything but this situation no there's not humor today There wasn't humor yesterday in the middle of the show. A lot of guys calling spoofing somebody on a year in the middle of a desperate situation while people's lives are worth steak But you can't understand that can you okay? I hope you give Howard a big big blow job that I'd share before you both laid on and bed together. You jack asked you simple then And he doesn't understand the song. I Understand he doesn't understand the song the song is way even waste my time with it. Okay? The song doesn't say that it's funny that the little girl got killed okay, but the song is a is a takeoff on the Ramsey's Okay, my daddy or my mom or whoever had you think it was or my brother, which different does it make? That's what the song is about But you're too stupid to understand it That's right, be you no matter what I say if you disagree attack me attack the messenger keep attacking keep attacking I can handle it. I'll bother me. Just shows you how stupid you are And a country where you just can't have a different opinion like discussion debate and back and work. No, you're a jerk. You're a jackass. Okay. Thank you God bless you Here's Kate Coral. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir You think maybe it's because all of these kids that told their sentence from the time that they that they're born They're told why that their centers if they did it themselves from the technical born so I'm already told their evil in the center So what the hell why not? The reason I called the good I said I'm glad that's not the reason you call Okay, the reason I called it I was convinced 12 years ago that this is all crap I had a brother diabetes and it's till the very end And wanted to press anybody but till the very end he said there's no guy God doesn't exist. It's crap. Yeah, and he was told and I was told we're sure to help But a year later Ted Bondi get saved He's gonna have it right there you go. That's right. I mean now Do the same people I would tell you if Hitler would have accepted Christ on his death bed He would have gone to heaven. What's there with Hitler and Ted Bondi, huh? And well not me. I'll be down. I'll be where from my brother is having What around? How about good time? That's so if you like it. Okay That's right you're a hypocrite because you know because I'm too stupid to understand that parody you play on John Benay Five six seven here all whipped up into a friend you aren't there like filming at the mouth you can't handle the truth Kenya Because we live in a very juvenile country where people can't you like a set just can't you know Open up their ears in their brain labs or something different. There may be an examinate rule it around now 560 50 50 50 50 60 on the mobile one line Which one is next? I don't see oh there it is Hollywood. Hello Hollywood Hello, yes, sir, huh? You believe he sounds like a funny voice to me. Sounds like one of those chronic holios to me Here's a mirror Mar. Hello Yeah, sir. Listen, I didn't call the discoses of the thing. How about this that situation? But I wanted to talk to you, but I know you're an atheist and you know all of us are exposed to a lot of Things after we're born what women life did you finally come to the realization that all of the stuff was crap But my bar mitzvah tutor rabbi Batinsky told me that it was a bunch of crap And then I started thinking about what he said and reading all of this garbage and realizing that it was a bunch of crap And I was 13 years old Yeah, because I know when I was 15 I had to sit down with my mother to explain to her that I was an atheist and you know what she said to me Yeah, well you weren't raised that way Yeah, oh Anyway, what do what does that mean? Well, you know, I was just just wondering you know what what what time in life it was for you Oh my parents know that's all a bunch of crap that's all bubble micey they know that well my mother knows that I feel that way Yeah, although she still fump in the Bible Well, I let her fump away. I don't know start a sum to her hearts content Anyway, keep it off the street. You know that guy who who that you talked to just a minute ago said about all the kids Because they're sinners, you know There's a little something to that, you know, I think a lot of the kids today are frustrated by the fact that That the religion does not offer the answers that they need for the life that they're facing today, you know, and I think We love before you took the being taught a lot of our cake bullcraft from thousands of years ago Absolutely nothing that relates to real life today and you're absolutely correct sir for sure But again, you know, can't I can't blame religion or anything else for kids for anybody committing acts of atrocities like these All I'm saying is that instead of like focusing our attention on superstition hoax polka's and a god who never seems This year up at the right time. How about us, you know, starting to teach people to be responsible for their own acts Which is the number one American deficiency? lack of respect for each other for human life and a total lack of willingness to take responsibility for your own actions Like the teacher said, you know parents send their kids to school in these days I'm like the old days when kids used to be terrified that they're prone to be called a school because then there'd be hell to pay Now it is oh, it's not my kid. You got to you got to buy us against my kid. He would never do that. Right And of course to kind of salaries that we pay teachers in America too. I mean do we expect any real education? No, no And he's saying right wingers that are screaming these fetus hugging right wingers that we got Who are doing everything in their power to destroy the public education system? Do they really give a crap? No, of course not Because how can anybody buy into their hoax polka's if they really got an education in the brain that's functioning? 1225 at 5.50 WQM your anti-Christation for the 90s Oh my god What do you scream in for? No While your window is open Or when the home While your window is open I'm out of truth When I feel secure Cause your term will watch while you're Windows open Okay 1235 50 WQM a bad guy that's just the way it is you know my hypocrite a bad guy what else he didn't Fag you name it all of you both here is a poppo B chill out Yes, sir, okay You're born again, right? Right It's just one of one of our Supply for the pirates Jose pagan yes can't hear the sky by the way George go ahead Hit the comment on use of trotteries is nowhere we can stop them because they're going to go on and on The one thing I honestly can we can do is to discourage it by not publicizing who these scumbags are Referred woman as a subhuman and a sign a number two What do you want to know is I make their dead they come in a suicide well whatever they make they publicize them or not Well, these guys come into suicide, but they were weren't masked when they went in it One point they did but another point they didn't have mom because the were kids that I identified them that saw their faces So at the beginning they thought maybe they could get away with it But they make me when I saw they were quarantined if you could get there for only way I was so no I don't think so I don't think that had anything to do with that if it was a sue that everybody in law enforcement said they thought it was a suicide mission from the start How do you go into a school with 1800 kids inside and expect that you're gonna kill a bunch of people and walk out? Hey, you know It's a different thing so you've been acting as logic a reason right in point of crime like this, but I can't help believe it by the press though Publicizing you get the president our state so I'm telling you in acknowledging these people's presence even yeah, but it's It does promote But that but that always happens if as long as I can remember every time we have a major tragedy anywhere in the country The president gets on there no matter who he is and has to you know do his political brownie points and make his you know Well, what you call you're right about that They always do it. I mean just like the president's got a call to you know the locker room in the world series and the Super Bowl You know, I mean who needs it? Yeah, but now we're gonna hear all about the trench coat mafia and about all these clowns and left there And about everybody will listen to Merlin Manson records is a danger to society and they're all gonna be killing people No, let's say in that It's been a while already heard that Yeah, but it's a platform you shouldn't give them and they know they have a platform I know they're gonna get a platform Yeah, but you know like one of the reporters on KUSA said yesterday She was not interviewing somebody and she said, you know, where's the because the one cop the assure of a lot of a county that is out there in Denver He said, you know, he keeps kept repeating the fact that these people keep it's a monkey see monkey do and they get a lot of publicity But like she said, you know, it's a major horrendous story But the media are damn if they do and damn if they don't they can't cover it up. They gotta report the story They gotta report the story But I was hoping they can mask could these people are and their causes and I not give this like that got the collar We're gonna hear all about now and and that their whole platform it's gonna come out and it's gonna be a book and it's gonna be a series It's gonna be on Anybody else you're gonna be in it, you know, they're gonna get the friends are gonna interview their friends They're fellow travelers Yeah, I'm on television I'm surprised that Francis Ford couple comes out with the the trench coat mafia now he's out of a godfather movies 567 what was that with that feedback on their 567? 560 maybe God was getting me there. Yeah, yeah, you don't have time to intervene over there in Denver I loved it one guy when I said well where was God yesterday? I don't know but but but yes, well why not? I think it's a reasonable question. You're the ones that keep putting forth this this crap that we're supposed to believe Where the hell is he that people are supposed to keep praying to this guy who's got a hearing problem get God a miracle here Maybe that would do it he just never seems to be there All these you know all the miracles happen they either happen in the tabloid the newspapers You know in the in the weekly world whatever those hysterical tabloids are or they happen thousands of years ago Those are all the miracles Tenanty only miracles we had were smoky robins and they're not a ride anymore Here's a mobile and tempered pine pillow You know, yes, man. Well, you're right. You're not a hypocrite. I think that other caller that called you that in regards to your Parity doesn't get the point the point of the parities is you're not making fun of the tragedy You're pointing up the absurdity of the situation surrounding it. Yeah, yeah, is that not correct? I mean even if it was no matter what it is like a bombing at the world trade said we got that one that we play I mean you know When I'm certain amount of time and see laps depending on what the circumstances are you? I can make fun of even the the the sickest thing. I got a six-cent humor But in the middle of a live coverage of the slaughter of all these kids and all these other kids are inside the school Some some jackass calls up and And pulls the stump like that. Yeah, I get a comparison with that right there in the Comparison there isn't in addition to which I'm probably the only person in this time at saw Because I was watching it on a satellite right thought live Thinking of news coverage and I mean just the thing I don't know if you This is I decided absolutely ridiculous last night one of the Fox news people were saying oh here You see the parking lot you see there about to blow up a black BMW the black BMW was actually driven by one of the Right What is that mean? What is like oh? Is it bad to drive a BMW is it is black the bad thing of the car? It was actually driven I didn't I know There was so much in-eans stuff that was said yesterday and I believe these poor parents and the kids I mean the things that yeah, like how do you feel now? Oh, we're gonna go out and party now I'm gonna move on to make expect in this a how do they think that they feel what kind of questions are these? What kind of grave robbers are these idiots in the media? Right It's so it's so I don't know bushly get really pathetic. Yep. It is okay. You're doing a great job. See you I'm so embarrassed. I mean there were a lot of people yesterday they're on here for hours and hours Especially the ones out there in Denver who were coming this morning to a tremendous job There were some really tremendous reporters out there But some of these idiots. I mean just so insensitive and grow pesky and then then bail Well, how do you feel now how are you coping how are you getting along? Great. I'm gonna go on get drunk and have a party. I'm gonna get laid and I dare you go. What about is expecting people to say? And these parents that are out there scouring the school bus looking for their kids out there They were bringing the school buses over to that to the other elementary school that at the library Why why not leave them alone? Why do you have to keep dragging everybody and stick them in front of a camera and a microphone? Well, you see your daughter. I the one guy was so relieved when he finally thought his daughter later on Because she was not on that bus and obviously she you know, he's obviously looked for her already. Why ask the obvious? No, she's not on there and this guy's crapping in his pants terrified But stick the microphone in his face and ask him some stupid question Man, you people in the media some of you people are insane And like I mean that's part of the reason that's this whole TV thing the American public is totally Decented that it's like there's no reality here. It's like another made for TV event Other stage of that maybe they should make a paper view Christ all might is there anything that's for real anymore? I don't think so certainly not this place so I'm about that draft huh? Here's a mobile and hialia hello Hello, Neo. Yes, tell you okay Neo, Neo, Neo, no, but I'm listening. Let's go, sir. You mentioned something about mental protected before is that's gonna be the answer? No, I did I'm not gonna show your jacket. Okay, that's not what I said was gonna be the answer. I said that I can remember a time when we didn't have Medile detectors. No, I didn't say metal detectors would be the answer if you'd open up your ears like some of these other people Then have an oya clog problem in their ears. Then you hear what I said I don't have any answers. Okay. I'm sitting here doing a radio show in Miami Florida. I'm gonna have answers For an accumulation of godowing those how many years of abort violence in a barbaric society Where people have no respect for human life for each other for anything All I said was that I remember a very simple time when we had no metal detectors because we didn't have to have them That's what I said sir have a nice life I was just in a dream It's not a meaty house, it's a meaty house, I'm a criminal He'd eat the empty kitchen after home and that's what I had it in town He's up the aunt home so so proud of our now so they're gonna let him go My dad Okay, now we have to explain you what's what's on 30 means you're like you are by Graham like Oh, man, I said if I had a daughter for every dump person out there in hinterlands I could get that a lot of here right now 1244 at 560 WQAM Where we be going here's the four-laterdale hello Hello Neil yes sir, your producers at jackass. Okay. Thank you five six and probably because you don't want to put a shvuck like you on here Which shows that he's doing a good job five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 animal the one line here's the four-laterdale Hello Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay, I wasn't doing what you're saying earlier as far as the the press the And these people space yesterday I don't need these people like 15 minutes, you know, I mean they're just right in their face as far as you know and like which you're saying as far as here are parents out there looking desperately feverishly sweating bullets praying hoping to see their kids on a bus or somewhere and Got some jackass sticking on my can a camera in their face as well as the kids which is even more you know What exactly did you see oh, no not much does my best friend had to get blown off. You know, and thanks for asking you know and and Of course they know a lot of these kids that are going to be crying in emotional. That's what they love because the media are a bunch of grave robbers anyway So if they can get some tears in history on here They're like they're just crelling from it. They love it. Yeah, this sensation was in this test I mean it's not even worth watching it. I mean because just even the way that they start you know What started out as a great day at school me who needs that you know, yeah, I think we all know what happened Right and that and that's like you say everyone has become desensitized to it because I mean what are they show you when it's like you say on to the next? You know, well, you know 15 kids got slaughtered be the marlins or a head by three You know that right since saying and it's you know as far as any space me and I'm sure it's to work on this radio I say in court that's every day so I guess that's not unusual and One more thing I was just I don't know if you're in the paper as far as this It's Aside from the situation with the lady who got $3 million for getting hit in the face with a baseball That's all that if that is just insane and it hasn't worked in five years so you know give her her 2.7 million in a There you go, but anyway, that's about it And yeah, I'm gonna go out and stick my pussy in the hockey bucket Like five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one lines you notice Well, I always noticed it but they they was the audience out there. It's human nature Especially in America they react in a very psychotic way they get all that out of shape if you say things that rattle They're like this is a barbaric country The God where was God yesterday they can't handle that so instead of being able to discuss it and tell Because they know that I'm right they just making go on the attack here. I have a great idea You know they're like doing heavy mob breathing And dancing all around the periphery but they can't deal with you I mean I asked them one guy where was God yesterday? Well, how do I know why no? I don't know but you're you know But whatever he said My anti religion homosexual agenda I've got all these agendas I don't know about them but someday maybe I'll you know If I ever find out what the hell they are maybe I can cash in all these special agendas I've got Here's a call from Kura Sau Hello, yes, Neil yes, sir Yeah, God was down here yesterday putting mayonnaise on a french fries. Yeah Yeah I'm listening sir. I'm still here. I know it's amazing, but I'm still here even after that Yeah 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile info lottery. Oh, hello Hey, Neil yes, sir. I'm this the first time I've called you I've listening many years. I'm a confused Christian. I guess I'm a born again Christian, but I'll tell you what I had a radio accident. I listen to some Christian radio I do listen to you make me laugh and maybe it's a contractor or whatever But I turned on the Christian radio and They're talking about raising money. I turned on your show and you're talking about something that is affecting the United States Right Colorado Right affecting people's hearts and their mind Acting the whole world of course and people can't even deal with this and the Christian people are Having their collection for 19. 90. No, I don't think they can't stop for a few kids I got killed. They got a plot ahead and get that money in their man. That's what it's all about Neil. I just really respect what you're doing about this. It's really special and thanks and God bless you, sir He's a born again Christian, but there's the see how can he be? I don't want to put him down You can believe whatever crap you want to believe, but how can you be get yourself sucked into a thing? That's nothing more than a materialistic polycraft it's a business It's a greedy hypocritical sanctimonious bullcrab business that plays on ignorance and fear and hate and read this I I'm sorry. I just I cannot cope with that with this whole mindless of babbling crap or people always You know, just use your brain use some common sense Stop listening to everybody else because somebody told you when you were when you were a little kid that there was Santa Claus and God And the toothberry and Remlins on the boogeyman under your bed grow up already. What yeah? Grow up America this is a juvenile amateur society that refuses to transcend the kindergarten They just don't want to grow beyond that Even the media all the politicians when we're going through the home moniker gate business. Oh, what you know even and we are you must understand We're outraged and disgusted by this it with why What tell us that your business that the president was did all in a round. Okay. What the hell is that your business? Every president we can think of has been dittling around And we somehow survived it without knowing about it until at least after the fact how did it affect our lives Did it affect this? How did God damn better except that fat bitch is gonna make a lot of money from it because mommy saved the dress And the other big fat bitch Linda and at Lucian Goldberg that not see bitch. They're gonna make a lot of money off it with books And no god only knows what else You people in the media are sick your pathetic you're twisted your sick and you're a big part of the reason that this country cannot grow up They cannot transcend this mind state that you've got to have locked in pathetic And that's what frustrated them two by the way the same Donaldson's and cookie Roberts and all these other sanctimonious Ancestors first rated the hell out of them they kept looking at the they kept salivating forming looking at the poles And they just couldn't understand it the public wasn't violent for what's in their lives They said hey, we don't care what you say we're more interested in like, you know, surviving in the world around us and we don't care about blow jobs and it couldn't they couldn't deal with it And then the last day when it were taken the impeachment vote there was cookie Roberts there on ABC radio I was unlucky enough to be in the car somewhere. Listen to that crap and she's on there breathlessly All of a sudden a bird says oh yeah, yeah, she was breathlessly trying to like him to remember not report to those She tried to twist and manipulate the news Like it because that sanctimonious old hypocrite who used to be a member of the Ku Klux clan up there in West Virginia Robert bird Because he was putting his hand on his heart and then finally voted no on both articles anyway, by the way But here's cookie Roberts on there trying to like whip everybody into a frenzy Oh, we don't know what'll happen now. You know, he's so powerful. Yeah, right He's an impotent silly old man is what he is. Okay, cookie and you're a not very well-closive right wing bitch Along with all those other people are on that hour of fascism on Sunday morning on ABC including that bill crystal who never saw concentration camp that didn't catch his eye Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, man hi. I have two comments. Okay Also about the media how they seem to explode everything glamorize everything so you have these Luzers that are in school and this is like they're big fame right here I mean they're being heard they know that they're gonna be all over the the country about what they've done so it's more of like you know something for them just to click and explode yeah, and then also another comment is also with the justice system. I mean These kids don't expect anything no authority because what's gonna happen to them? They're gonna sit in jail for probably rest of their lives. I mean They should just with one comment with a man Who's father's going back to his country it's because those countries? I mean you do something and it's dealt with here nothing's dealt with I mean you have a man sitting in prison for how long for trying to fascinate the president Right, I mean that's the president of the United States or is he still in jail? Yeah, so it's like there's no There's nothing that happens to them. They know that it's just gonna drag on yeah On to that for years. It's like a pair of who keeps threatening to a discipline in the child But never does and after what kid just keeps laughing Exactly, yeah, whatever you say. Mom, you know It's the kid these kids now. They last at all this. I mean, yeah, sure what's gonna happen I'm gonna get exposure all through the news and I'll just sit in jail for the rest of my life That's all You know, so walk those guys You can take some of those kids from Paduka and Jones bro our Arkansas. I'm looking like a friom on TV Would be good. I think that's a good idea. I pull the switch Maybe that might get the message across Maybe okay Thanks 567.056. I'm not joking when I say that either All that bloody heart bull crap about well, you're a capital. Put it's barbaric What else is gonna do in this country? What message do you have to send before you finally say? Hey guess what you can't get away with this crap now Yesterday, of course doesn't fit in that category because if it really was a suicide mission from the start What there's no hope You only way to do it is to prevent it and prevent people from getting all these things that they had I You know, but that's you know, you're entirely in our ages. You can have all the weapons you want Oh, these I mean whatever you like, you know, don't mess with our guns And if they're happy to be a few grenades in there and a pipe bombs well, so be it, you know That's our freedom Here's Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to get back to Howard sir and just for a second because I've heard it this morning Okay, and I got it called in Said that Howard doesn't have any control over but he does because he put cap in the inks on the air And he played that cut twice a phone call twice that I heard Now, let me give one thing straight. So in other words the guy that made the crawdiest today was one of his crony One of his group is called Captain Yanks All the phone calls and he calls in and Howard puts him on the air, which is what he course That's what he wants and Howard is very careful saying I don't have a control over this But passively he Approves of it and and put his little group is on the air. Yeah That's what you can go trip anywhere we can get his name mentioned. There's the ego touch all that guy That's all see I don't understand what the guy's got that much money. Okay, and that much notoriety What more does he need to fill that ego? You know what I'm saying? Well, what's the point? I don't know I don't know I thought I created you incredibly bad taste Okay, thanks. Okay, bye. See there there you go now. We got three different stories But I this guy sounds rational, you know, it's all like he's got an agenda 567. 0560 560 on a mobile one line Here's West Palm Beach, hello Hey, you know, it's a go-in. Okay, sir. All right. Yeah, I was listening this morning and it wasn't bad taste But that's not why I'm calling okay If you think someone went before let me ask you were they laughing about it? When they were they they'd you cried it they said it was in bad taste. Yeah, they did But then why did they keep playing it over and over again? Yeah, and I don't know I don't know if you think someone look Where all the stuff is happening it's in the Bible bill. Yeah, we're all the God people now Yeah, but it's really feel erg on isn't the Bible bill? All right, that was the one exception. That's the one exception. Okay, no, that's the one number two Stuff like this might happen more When parents are getting yelled at for spanking their kids. Yeah, when that's becoming a You know a bad thing when You know the conservatives are saying I don't want to make this religious thing or you know could serve a liberal thing but when people yell at other parents for specin their kid because you're hitting the kid Well, you know what you look you see that all the time you go into a work store or supermarket And there's there's the parents they're doing their shopping and their little kids are running around Yeah, exactly more than one and the mama's got another one in the oven and the kids are just Descimating they're tearing things apart. They're doing average and a parents like totally oblivious They're always like they have blinders on and you're thinking Jesus Christ This is a parent's echoing on in these things houses exactly and that you know stuff like that's gonna Appling the parents are afraid to hit you know, slap the kid on the butt because someone you know see it Then they're gonna call HR answer whatever you know or the you know They're gonna call someone and all the kids will be taking away, you know if you know they do that you know I mean four sterilization pal for their localities They're sterilization our country's going down and it really is okay All right, that's okay Why are you gonna? Can't find a Georgia history. It's a 101 and five 60 WQM. We have one open line if you move quickly as they send some of those cornball shows on the marginal stations Five six seven oh five 60 palm five 60 on the 18 T while it's time We got Jim Mad Dog Bandage So do a 330 we got the Marlins baseball game and Marlins at the Giants. I mean so banal baby I mean could there be anybody let's do that now and then we got Kimbo camp or after the game I kept on 10 o'clock tonight. That's what we got Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Thank you. How are you doing? Okay, sir? You know I was just you know I just hope that after this tragedy I don't see a bunch of psychologists coming up in the air coming on there and talk about how this kid's were mistreated when they were young and they have all this agendas Oh, you will you'll see that. But you know we're getting two stops I hope that if we find any of their cronies knew about this and they were took cowardly to come up and And tell something that somebody had something like this was gonna happen. Yeah. I hope we throw the book at them The inside of the federal there is a Act and get them and burn their ass in a and they won't know to our I already they should get it burn their ass in the Electricier and get the northern area today. One you know what I mean this country is becoming too soft Then we're creating a bunch of cowards that all they have is excuses for creating bad act And it's just sitting to see like innocent kids died because there's some bunch of losers that have problems with races Or they have ones with people of color or athletes because they're a bunch of doors and We should just go to the book at them and let them know that we will not worry this anymore. Okay Well of course we'd like to have the opportunity to throw the book out of them unfortunately well fortunately They're dead because now we don't have to hear all the bleeding hearts and we don't have to go through all the song and dance and spend a lot of money You know to defend them or whatever it's gonna be and to keep them alive in jail and on death row Because here's one case where they were old enough one was 18 the other kid was 17 so they were certainly old enough to be tried as adults But there you go Mr. Chance 567 0560 palm 560 on the 18 T wireless line here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello Hey, you know yes, sir before you're talking about that right wing bitch is you got to listen to this story Rose, you'll download this morning open her show crying for the first 10 minutes about a Colorado incident yeah following her sobbing She made the comment that it shows like Jerry Springer that these kids watch that cause these action She said that on the air that's what she said can you believe that? That's fucking bitch. There you go Jerry Springer show causes me you know it's interesting Jerry Springer show is on in Europe it's on in Netherlands it's on in Germany and it doesn't happen They're not doing these things there in that amazing. This amazing. All right, thank you. Thanks for the good news that fat disgusting bitch She's pissed off just like Oprah's pissed off because Jerry Springer's beating the crap out of okay Jerry Springer's mindless garbage it's will but big deal either watch it. You don't watch it. You got a choice People don't commit violent grotesque barbaric crimes because they watch a TV show okay if if they've been in school with the proper values if they've been any even minimal kind of upbringing at all if 560 560 palm 560 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile and highly hello. Hello. Yes, sir Hello, Neil Okay, let's do a mobile and market. Hello Yes, sir Pressing days. Yeah, yeah, I was still have some clowns out there who you know everything's a big joke to them I know I heard that last one that was a joke But what is kidney today is they need some of the old fashioned stuff with my mom and my dad used to give me And I think that what we're lacking in today's society Not a lot of touch your kids not a lot of doing anything to your kids So the kids get away with it and then you like they can get away with anything in one now and that's what it's all about Okay, good luck to us sir I've several open lines now. We just they ran out into this okay. We've sustained it for three hours today and now it's like well, what's that bug game coming on huh? We want to get into something that's a lot more fun than this Well, I'm telling you it's just it's terrifying and really it's just mix you speechless I'm sitting there and I'm watching those people yesterday those parents waiting and desperately looking for their kids And I'm taking to myself what are other parents taking about is they're watching this? What are parents all over this country thinking about as they're watching this thing unfold How many loads of are in their underwear how many times did they have to change as they're watching what's going on the kind of slaughterhouse that will look But it doesn't have all that often yeah, right doesn't have all that often that's comforting to know Here's a lady mobile in Miami hello Yes, man that was a good lead because the reason I'm calling I have two children and my question is where the parent now But all the respect is my child was pulling off wings off bugs and putting cats into ovens They burn that would raise some questions in my mind that there's some problems here Are these parents and oh look my kids studying biology? I mean they're building high-fong I wonder how come the parents didn't know that their kids were going to school and black trench coats with dark sunglasses on every day When children pipe bombs in the basement? What do they get the parents think they're their kids are going to become a yeah I mean I just don't get where the parents are really really I haven't I haven't heard enough you know I'm not one of those people are rushes to need your reaction without hearing a lot of information But I have it enough about the parents yet to know the answer to that, but it certainly something needs to be looked into I mean if my kid was drawing pictures and and you know this whole thing with internet and lack of parental supervision It's just incredible. I mean I don't forget these kids are 17 and 18 years old It's not like the time that I'm having a 13 year old I'm going on and he's get live I mean all of a sudden they wake up one day and they decide okay, let's go You know blow up 15 kids They didn't just decide that they've been preparing for this for a long time and they've been having They even had it on the website that equal 20 if it was birthday something road test was going to happen Exactly, and it's frightening. I mean I have two small kids four and six and You know, I mean we are just I mean I don't let my kids watch television. I monitor I mean my parent. I work. I am a working mother But I do monitor I'm very involved my husband and I are very involved in what they do and I know what's happening and it just seems Yeah, I mean I remember when I was a teenager and I started smoking pot I mean there was some pretty clear evidence that there were some changes going on there and You know I guess my parents were kind of close But I wasn't a violent a working that happened to me as I ate a pizza I mean things have really really changed and I went to an inner city type school and And even in the 70s. I mean there were tons of drugs But I just don't remember people thought which pit I mean I just do not remember all of these guns and and things like that and I was not raised in a real naive Environment so I just I just say it's very it's frightening I mean it's there's no simple answer here and it's just not going to go away We have so much violence people are just in use They're like walking around and that's the time And then they're threatened the public is you know collectively has come to accept the visit the way that life has to be they they they believe this Anyway, I love your show and it seems like every time I call it's like I just get pissed off and I call yourself But I really do and show I don't know we could agree with everything Sometimes you play things that I find there are a little offensive like this termization For a while. Okay. Thanks a lot. I like you a lot. Thanks. No fat rich reminds me my mother Totally wasn't you know okay plan B is this one 13 and five sixty W I'm not gonna play some of the cornball thing It'll cue up eventually here's the fact that is what the caller said about rosio Donald is true I've fed in a closet die because not fooling anybody by the way. It says lame Jerry springer for all the evil acts such as this school shooting How you like that Of course, I know that when I want to find out about the social hills of America for you know some very poignant social commentary I turn on the rosio Donald show right now Huh She I don't understand that I mean she's a good one to talk at least you're a springer in his own discussing road test way and the idiotic ways Providing entertainment for a bunch of done their heads and trailer trash What does she providing she's up she's a bitch? She's a fat talentless pig What a kiss the ground that she's on here. I have no idea why anybody would watch that Any more than they would watch rosio and bar or Oprah or any other people but again that's the woman audience here in the day. I have no idea what that's all about no clue I'll stick with old Bob Barker in a price is right. Thank you and you're gonna horny and the guiding light even as the pressing is it's kidding Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Oh, yeah, sir You know it's time to grab your passport when they're 50 of automating Alex Adelaide for Vice President for the Democratic Party who said that? It was in today's paper Alex penis He shouldn't be vice president of the dog catches association of America He's a joke. Yeah a child joke and he's being mentioned by Al Gore's a father never gonna happen There aren't 10 people outside of software ever heard of Alex penis Never gonna happen. Okay. Okay. You'll be good. I'd get rid of him though It's so he was okay. Yeah, he's busy down there with the circle. He's having a circle jerk on it This circle Alex penis. He's probably having a circle jerk. Well a circle with Mickey Harrison What would I great new American Airlines are we now after he got elected based online to the public? Oh, yeah, we're gonna do everything in our power to make sure that we don't build this Crossway, New Arena just the couple of blocks away from the old crappy one then nobody wants to go to Downtown nobody wants to go because nobody everybody fears for their life downtown Addaboy Alex just another typical phony baloney politician. That's what you are mirror penis 567. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Is a mobile or less pombie? Hello Neil yes sir Hey, a publishing was pombie. I don't know if you discussed this but how what tremendous is it that old your personal friend Chuck has been in the National Repugment Association or having a convention in Denver at the end of the month Use son of a band. Yeah, I just mentioned that April 30. Oh, I didn't hear it. I just picked up. Yep Pretty funny stuff. Yeah, very funny. Uh-huh hysterical right use son of a five six seven 560 pound 560. Hey listen, it's it's ingrained in the mind of America it's ingrained in there. It's it's a sickness It's part of the American psyche man. It ain't gonna happen You can talk until you're blue in the face American there are obsessed There are millions and millions of people has country there are obsessed with that thing with the guns from Wyatt Earp and Wildbill Hiccock and Hop-along Cassidy and you just he James you name it man Shoot-off cowboy. This is still the the wild west The shoot out at the not so okay corral. That's America for you. It's a crazy place where everybody has guns I don't want to be living in a place where everybody has guns which is why I'm gonna get there a lot of here eventually as soon as possible And anybody else with the brain would do the same This is a lot like I said the beginning of the show today. This is not I've been trying to tell you folks for years This is not the way you're supposed to live You have to we have to arm ourselves against the scumbags well that's terrific that's as a lot for us You know the guys that are going 10 miles over a speed limit. We got cops to take care of them and the guys that got you know a little Number in the um-ash rate there the cops are gonna nail their ass and God forbid somebody's got too many pants running back yard. They're gonna be going along to jail for a long time taking it up jail cell space But the real scumbags the average scumb in our society we can't seem to be nothing with them In fact we even admire them if they can play a football if they can run fast or throw or hit a baseball real hard Michael Mayo you piece of crap This town has got the most gutless the most spinyless writers not just sports writers writers period you say nothing You say nothing even at all across the edit of pope for my can't stand I salute him for having a ball To you know blow the whistle on his sees will call honestly in effect that we got against the coach here in his town And then this morning's got to print all those letters in her how dare you Jimmy this Jimmy is like a sickness He's representative of the illness that exists in this country Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy and On the station for crying a lot they can't stop they can't get their lips off Jimmy's ass He must have wrecked them burn out to do that back home burn that's right his ass is probably more purple and Greg reads From all the suction that goes on A football coach did the same thing at UM same thing in Dallas same thing here as long as they can once a ballgame Most of these so called fans they don't give her crap. They don't give her rat's hands And then they wonder why the kids don't have like the right priorities and right attitudes about life and no respect for anything There's a real good message there Michael Mayo hope you a local with Greg Cotex Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neo. Yes, sir Do you think MSNBC did a high career? Can't hear you can't hear me now. I hear you okay? Do you think MSNBC did a high five when the story broke Well, why would you single them on how about all the media well about all of the Fox News channel and CNN and MSNBC Well, did you see the interview John Gibson did with the I wouldn't answer I wouldn't watch John Gibson if you paid me by the second I like this made bar I'd like to drive a steak through his heart. What were you find a heart? Yeah He had this poor kid the kid was scared and in our ticket. Yeah, and he would that kind of like the best He wouldn't let go of this kid the kid didn't know what to do. He's looking for one side to the other It was shameful absolutely and I want to ask you this how come the the school authorities didn't pretend and the parents didn't protect the kids from this crap Okay, they were quite why didn't they grab their kids and take them home and give them a hug and and say okay Listen, we just got through the most traumatic experience hopefully the live-raptive face in their lives You'll you back to you great robbers will have to wait as this specmall absolutely Dispickable that don't you understand the American media? That's what they're all about exploiting tragedy making hay with everybody else's misery That's what they're all about Okay, okay Knock it on people's doors whose kids just got slaughtered and they do this all the time Well, Mr. Joan how do you feel now? How do I feel how do you think I feel you jackass you simple then Not only the way that they do it, but the questions that are asked these soft amoric idiotic insulting questions that they ask how you getting along now Oh, just great we never felt better in our lives. We're gonna go on have a party. We're gonna go on. We're gonna go to Vegas Plungia brains out That's a part of it the sickest god that media anywhere in the world Sick pathetic with no conscience whatsoever Here's a mobile it 560 560 560 on the 1821 what are your people again? That's all you know that's all they know is to be jackasses You're a moron pal. You're an asshole jackass. That's a compliment in your case Your people Here's a mobile and baby. Hello Neo yes sir the problem not enough guns the student population would have been armed. Yeah, okay. Thanks. Thanks genius Here you go. I've warning guests. Here's one for you. Oh, and another one 560 560 p. 560 on the 18T water slime is a mobile and coral springs hello Hello, yes, sir. Okay. Thanks for taking my call. Thank you. You know the the gentleman call in a little while ago And he tried to attribute all the problems with these masks shootings and that in the Bible building And I think I recall there was one up like an Edmuro Pennsylvania area a couple years ago Or I got in one in Alaska and I pointed that out. Yes, right well the point if I know you can't generalize anything But I've kind of noticed that most of this you don't see this thing happen in the real You know the real Row areas where we're like Joe who are more poverty more poverty more like Robert we're Arkansas No, I'm talking about whether it's more poverty than middle class or upper middle class The poverty in Joe we're Arkansas in Paducah Kentucky. There's a lot of poverty. It was a very rural areas But those school I'm talking about the kids that are perpetrating these crimes are coming from homes Where the parents have given them these anti social games like game boy and well How about in Paducah where and the one in Arkansas where they brought them up very religious and they went to their pastor Right away for advice after they shot the people I mean you're again you are generalizing They're all different kinds of homes perhaps it won't fit but all I'm saying is I would like to know Profile if those kids of all have access to individual computers individual game boy individual Segugensis what all they do is sit and stare in the field. So let me ask you this. What does that mean that everybody who's got an A stare into a TV screen and they don't interact with those the rest of some and not on all the other people that are sitting there Computers are they're gonna go out and start shooting people you remind me of the prohibition is sir Yeah, yeah, I'll get out the hatchets they're going out there in the banging people over the head with bottles so let's bring back prohibition Let's probably the booze. Let's probably the gambling it doesn't work He started up by saying he don't want to generalize then he makes these wild generalizations Everybody that's sitting there watching these computer games dealing around on the internet I mean they're all mass murderers. They're all but everybody's a potential mass murder. I guess if that's your logic Let me say it again. We live in a violent a brutal a barbaric society where human life has little value and if you can angry by my saying that Tough bananas. Okay. That's the fact. It's not something I made up because I'm a bad guy because I'm piece of crap. That's the fact Of all the westernized countries in the world. This is my far the most violent the most Abarant the most unacceptable Look up the numbers. Okay. Don't just calm here and make them up off the top of your head. Look them up get one of those You know all the next You'll be a gas you'll be a peeping your guts out Here's a mobile in April. So long New deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, I ate the freeze put on me tell you something I'll put a Jesus Christ and the virgin Mary the whole team were playing poker just today when he Here's a mobile in medley. They were at the poker game. He's right. Maybe they're at the bingo game for the church Mobile in medley. Hello. Hey, me. I was going. I'm a graphic editor. I share my max screen for like 17 hours a day. I went up. I'm gonna go out and shoot 10 pieces I suppose the cops you're absolutely right. There's a cop for every guy going 10 miles an hour But well, you know when it comes time that almost bustling in your house and you call it take some care You know it on the nightly. I mean just make another big marijuana bus baby We just made another big haul here like we're supposed to be impressed by that Hey listen when it comes to Alex can Alice yeah, for the Democratic ticket with Gore Yeah, I'm making you feel like you kind of waste John Anderson were kind of still sticking around no No, no, all right. Well, can I go join the green part of the white hair makes me think about Nick Navarro You know, makes me real nervous Is the media is sick and you talk badly Yeah, see at the one plane that machine. What how do you like that? Q that I don't think it's gonna play in there But oh, you know what's the problem? I think just might you swear Sorry, you're doing a last drizzle Backlum Give a whistle And this will help things turn at four to five I Always All right Then but always face the curtain with a bag. But can't find your seat, give the audience the truth. It's your, it's your job job that I have. So, oh my, look at the front, I love that. I just think all you draw your turn on. Last thing to see, when you look at it, lies the dark depths of justice to you. You stay at all a show, keep them dark in a suit gun. You remember this and not dark in all you? Okay. You're just thinking that you're sleeping, huh? What are you doing, dude? You talk about nothing, you got a bad thing about things. What are you doing? Stop it! Stop it! Nothing will run for something, you know what I say? There you are, you're all my, you're talking about things like this. Hey, y'all, there is, here's the film. This is actually the record to buy the beautiful. I'm so proud of my childhood, I live as well. I love all the dark depths of justice. I just mess with the outside. I'm just trying to get my life out. I'm so hungry. I'll stay still. Good, you know, stay still. I'll never make that money. One thirty two or five sixty, WQAN. Five sixty, seven, five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. My name is Ella. Hello, me. Yes, sir. Okay, well, I'm the first time caller. I've listened to the youth at least fifteen years or so, and this was, this call, it really got me to thinking. I grew up in the 50s, and this is the first time that I've seen such a response to people of Colabine last day, as I did in the high school in Colorado. People of color? Well, I don't know if it's just people of color or just the, the kids themselves, but whatever. Well, I don't understand what does this have to do with people of color. What, no, what else? I didn't see any people of color on those structures. That's all white kids. Okay, no, but what else? Well, how does their color have to do with it? It shouldn't have anything to do with all. I was going to have an idea for that on a new support. You heard what? Well, what, what, what I call you about? I heard that these kids shot, um, um, fears of color and athletes. That's what I heard on news support. Yeah, I'm late late. Why don't we don't have any seen the, the identities of the 15 or 17 bodies inside? We haven't seen them. Well, I just heard that on news support. I'm just, um, you know, got it. It's not a racial thing. Most of the kids and people are like, but I'm not. Well, white. Okay, but that's not what I call the bow. What I call to see, and I mean, my heart really go out to all these cans and all these kids. And that's, well, everyone has a fake it. But, um, but you started to say it's the first time you've seen a situation where people of color. Right. I don't know. What does that mean? Where are you going with that? I'll tell you why I call about why I mean why I made that comment. Okay. I grew up in this country in the 50s. And I heard people talking about how they are parents, you know, how they grew up in how they're parents taught them and how they will thank this stuff as a child. But I mean, in this country, you know, me as a black man growing up in the 50s was no picnic growing up. I mean, if that's the way that their parents taught them, then we got a real problem of a dad, the one that happened in Colorado. That's all I call to talk about. Okay. Anybody have any idea what he said? No. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T, where I was lying? And have you got any clue? No. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. On the air? It sounds like you. I'm calling. I just want to make a comment, Neil. I don't want to put all on the parents because really that's not fair. There's a variance that you are great job and then the kids turn out bad and sick. Right. And also, sure of course. But I think if you're a parent like that that you've done the best you couldn't. You kids don't, you know, crooked, let's society know. Let the teachers know that the parents of the kids the end. The kids think they're wrong. There's a lot of things around, we know I have locked a girl and my kids. Get them help as you can. But, you know, these parents didn't see their kids running around and trench coats and woods. And didn't they think it was like the latest style? Exactly. I'm making pipe bombs in a basement. I mean, we haven't found out a lot about it yet. But I mean, that's going to be real fascinating when we find out what kind of people these are. People was the right word. Like this girl had called him before. She said, you know, what does the parents think they're chemists? you know, the school system does need to get better. And I would have guards in school, I would have monitors for, you know, metal detectors, and all of that, but really, really and truly, it begins at home. It begins at home. I chase my 17 year old with a broom one day because he would have figured, you know, you gotta put discipline at home. You gotta start it home. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, palm five, 60 on the 18 T. You are this line. Like I said, more sex, less violence. Oh, you can't say that. I just did said. You can't say that. And all you buy just did. Sorry. All these right wingers, all these wackos, all these goody two shoes, all these pleasure police, you know, always screaming the only problem is discriminative about the wrong things. The violence doesn't seem to bother them too much. They're, you know, they gotta get their rocks off by worrying about everybody else's doing, but that's not the problem. That's not even involved in the problem. In fact, if this country like we said in the beginning of the program, we're mature enough to deal with sex like adults and said like juvenile, pp version children, then we wouldn't even have to be talking about that stuff, about all these things, about the present getting blow jobs. Here's a mobile and dear field B, Chilla. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'll tell you what's wrong with the media today. It's guys like John Gibson. It's the guys like the Rick Sanchez. Those are the guys that give glory to these sort of situations. Yeah, but that's why they got those jobs because people too, and then they love that. They're exploring situations. And they hyperventilate, they jump up and down. And there's a segment of the public that loves that. The, you know, the voyeur's out there. They're into it. That's their version of Jerry Sprener, but it's real life. And the problem is, oh, but that's a good point. So don't gloss over that. See, that's a good point. And then we have a whole, we have millions of people in this country. You've seen so much of this crap. Decentedize using that word doesn't go far enough. We got millions of people that don't know the difference between reality and fantasy. That's exactly it. And at least, half-wide news shows now, the old J thing was that real or was that like a, was that a made for TV fantasy? The John Bernace, and every one of these things seems to be set up for the news. It's a set up for the news because right now, Channel 7 is rock, special reports on the high school horrors. Always has to be a catchphrase for it. Oh, yeah, right. You know, the Mississippi massacre, like that they always have to have a big, uh, adjective. Fire to the everglades. Uh, whatever. You know, friend, for no one to everglade. Right, exactly. But the problem is that there's a kid sitting at high school somewhere and say, I don't know Nebraska. Let's say, he's watching this. He's getting the notoriety. He's with these kids are getting their faces put on TV. Yeah. Because the news is making a big deal of it. And guys like John gets in glorify it. And there's a kid who wants to make a name for himself. Some way, I don't know about going out and shooting out of school, but I know kids when I was in high school, that would, you know, wanted to get up during graduation and move in the crowd, you know, the kids might try to make a name for himself. Yeah, exactly. But it's just, it's a shame that I think the media is driving it. If we were just, hey, okay, 15 kids dead, move along. We feel bad for him. That's it. But let's not go into the children's homes and start asking him, hey, listen, you know, what did you see? Well, one kid he flat out told him, I saw kids face get shot off. Yeah. And it's just unbelievable if they put these kids in their parents' turn. They're vulnerable, these kids. And that's what they're doing. They're seeing on that. And it's just a shame. It just made the media just total garbage. I mean, look at Charles Groder and Charles Groder into the same crap on TV show. Now he's out selling maps of the stars on Hollywood. Now he's not doing anything anymore. He got into that same trick and John, John, what's his name? I can't even think of his name anymore. That guy, he's next in line because all he does is sit there and just wait for the next story to roll off. John gives him. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, where he came from, don't you? He was in obscure West Coast TV reporter. And then when the OJ thing came along, that was like all these other people, like the two clowns they got on CNN every afternoon at 12.30. All right. Great of unground and the Roger Cossack. All these people are like the OJ. Now all of a sudden, they're a permanent part of the landscape. That's crazy. They get their notoriety from these stories. And you think that the story creates the stars. But it's a shank. But that's a good thing. Hang in there. Johnny Cockring. I mean, every one of these people not want to be celebrities. You know, Marsha Clark, she's on there. All these people are all a big celebrity now. You know what I'm saying? I don't give a shit anymore. OK, I'm going to be a secret. You're not going to vote, bank County. I'm sorry. Those're all 10 fiction. Oh, There's awesome. It's surprising. Well, your experience won't be too loving. I don't need a name. Yeah. Get yourself in on one another. Hold him up. You'll also be ready for updates. As gifts. G-E-E. Pluszzzzzzzzr. E-O-S. S-E-T-R-E-E-A-S. There's everything inside, can you tell my time how to turn? We'll go by the gun, throw it in the truck, stop it up and do it in, drunk all the rounds. These are all over, now where the green ball around is, it does open up as well. Up, down, that's right. And all that is is everything inside, can you tell my time how to turn? It's not. You'll go on, if you're a father, you can't do the rounds, can you tell your past, can you tell your past, can you tell your past, can you tell your past? Hey, don't eat your son, how do you get your son down, hold the rest of his gun, that's right. Praise the Lord. Think of how good he is once, don't think he's wrong, he's never thought he had a pool of blood all over. Life is so good you find the best of my daughter, and our hands are everything's bad. Get yourself back to him and get him. And all this is everything's bad, can you tell my time? Oh, dry. 146 and 560, here's a fact from Carlos who says, I'm a big fan of Howard Stern, I heard this morning's show. I think it was disgusting that he would play Captain Jank's crank call. Howard said he doesn't have anything to do with it, but by playing it three times he encouraged it. And he and Robin were laughing about it, then they'd get half serious and say, oh, that's terrible. Howard told Captain Jank, he was a genius the way he gets his name on all these shows. Howard also was saying that there were a lot of young bades running out of the school and with the accepted of the blood, they had nice breasts. Yeah. Nice. Okay, here's the adventure, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. First time call or want to, Mr. Greg showed a day. Thank you. A few quick points, a few of the announcers mentioned where we're with the parents. My concern was that if they had a son, then he went to school with songs, a very short, a cut off T-shirt and a hat, what happened? And if the daughters wanted to go to school with, with cease-through glasses, yeah. And no panties or something with the school say anything, the parents say anything. I mean, it's just unheard of that the parents don't know what they're saying. I can't personally, I was thinking about this yesterday as I was watching this. I can't, I mean, I can't envision anything when I went to school like what goes on now. But I'm trying to envision a group of six or ten or 12 kids who come to school every day with a black trench coat on. And they're not gun classes and they're allowed to sit around like that. And it's like, oh, well, they're doing their thing. I don't get it. I don't get it either. I'm not, I'm all against uniforms. I think that to me that the raises the whole concept of, you know, the Hitler youth and I'm just totally against the uniforms. We're just going to change anybody in front of you. It'll be possible. You know, it was, it was a out doing something else. I don't know. It just seems. And everybody, everybody, they spoke to the only people I know they think about the trench coat, mafia were the kids. Yeah. Yeah. We were in the cops, the administrators, the principal, nobody knew anything about that. They were invisible. Right. With the black trench coat. And the other question is, one of only one or two reporters mentioned where did they get the guns. In fact, in the Colorado assembly now, our state house, there's a bill that it's not a law. They're trying to pass it's not a law that you can conceal weapons, more move. That's pretty silly, isn't it? Yeah. They canceled the two games, but they do it down here if something happened to me immediately. No. No way. Last night. And if it was a football game, if it was that time of the year that we had an NFL game. And the rockers were playing, you better believe they'd play the game. The other night there was a two-hour show, must have been lying a snipe. And it was sick. It was a guy who was accused of writing little girls all blonde. And this was a Jim Garner show for two hours. And they got the wrong man, but they hired him from school and this and that. They finally got the right guy, but they wouldn't give him a stop back and they're suing any jumps off a building. I mean, it was really touching. That was the media. That's the American fucking wing. Yeah. But OG is walking around playing golf. Yeah. One other thing, because sometimes when you get slow, many, many years ago at the line state or on the beach. Lincoln wrote, I think, I saw a weird movie. And it was about a guy comes into a town as if you were under dollars and he sees a storefront radio station. So he says, here's $200. I'd like to buy some time. Give me two hours. If nothing happens, I'll leave. I'll come back. So for the first hour and forty-five minutes, nothing is playing music. He's calling. Last 15 minutes, someone calls, but his question was, what is wrong with the city? Whatever city? Midville. So maybe once in a while, you can say, what's wrong with I, Lee? What's wrong with my knee? Beats, what's wrong with Evan? We don't have that much time. No, we don't have that much time. Okay, have a great day. You two. We don't have that many hours in a week. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Nobody, wouldn't you give him a look like that? Oh, I don't know whether we'd disfax or not. You know, about Rick Sanchez. I'll read it. It says, maybe Rick Sanchez would like it if to report his visit the family of the man he killed and asked him how they felt when Rick Sanchez killed somebody they loved and cared for. How do you like that? From Jim. I think that's a good point, Jim. Because that guy, you know, the guy that he hit outside the city in that time a few years ago, did. Dead. Dead.