This is Sports Radio. What about a 10-highs? WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale. Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. I talked to Neil, call 567-0560 toll-free for David Broward. Or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest-coller's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM and the company's review of the four-year-old of the B-S-L-Grochaz group. Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560, QA-L. What are you looking at me for? You're talking to me that we're on the air. You don't hear that? My clock says 3 minutes till 10. What are you talking about? You're clock? You think that's going to be set? I thought you're doing it. You always do a good thing. I'm sitting and slump back in a chair. You look like you. Sorry, I set my clock. Well, that's great. I've got two minutes. I'm not coming on until the clock says 10. Okay. How about your month? I'm at 444 when I came in. Yeah, great. So, in our new studios, anybody care? No. I didn't think so. I'm sitting back in a chair here and he's in there and his little broom closet for room, by the way. This just doesn't sound... I don't want to start off on a negative note. See, first of all, you don't pot off. I mean, were you hearing the morning show? Not that I want to hear that crap. I mean, were you hearing this? Yeah. Well, I wasn't. You weren't in the sea. Yes, I am. I'm in program, Mr. How come I wasn't hearing it? None of the programs that I heard before. We're ready again because I know that Greg Reid would never have us do that, you know? Right. Oh, I'll kind of sound. All kinds of sounds. They're like, those... Tini, Tini really bad sound. Yeah, just like you, this, did you hear out? Tini, that sound? Sounds good and hear. Yeah, well, great. So, you know the show winner. You did 20 minutes on Friday. Oh, by the way, I'm going to critique your just 20 minutes. Better heard go to the airport. First of all, the caller is stuck. Oh, that's true all the time. Colors were terrible. They were all your little, wholy, or friend. They were woven up for Kai A-O-choo, okay? Must be. And secondly, why do you always, what is this fetish you have with like, making, taking that awful music you like and making like, Yeah, yeah, he likes to like drop in, you know, which is a good way to kill time. That's a good technique. Which you mentioned, I noticed, and that's true. You don't even look at the process. Well, when you only got 20 minutes to fill, how much time do you have to kill? Okay, who's going to be our, I can't believe this. So I got to do my watch to know what time it is here. Jesus, Kate Christ, I'll set it to the ground. If I mentioned that they want to ask old Greg Reed, as yet, well, he's an asshole. Oh, we're going to do, you know, everything before it's time. Okay, like a fine wine when it's aged, like cheese. When it's aged, then you open it up your slice. It's up your six, seven year, push. This place, wow, that's trauma in there, okay? Just, you know, get the Scott's tape into the page. This page is glue and throw them in there. So, we're going to be our very first caller on the, in the new studio. Is it sound any different? No, can you tell? No, we're the different room. No, no. When you gave me that look, I'm sitting here like, go oblivious. Seriously, I'm not like, this is a joke. Three minutes to ten inches on there. So, let somebody else's show. Are you saying that some people like don't come out when they're supposed to. Are we on the air? Are we on the air? Yeah, are you saying that? Bancered? Yeah, I'm going to critique your 20 minutes. This is the whole sound of it, you know? We're going to talk about insect bites today, by the way. That's a needle's ailment of the day. Not like a major deal, but it's, I like talking about that. Like cockroaches. Especially in a place that we have no exterminator. Oh, here's our first call on the new studio. Hello. Well, Pompeo. A needle. Oh, this sounds bad. Oh, is it my ears? Is it not? I can hear myself. Yes. Listen, last week sometime in the middle of week, you were playing either a tape or a CD by Dion and the Belmont. Yeah. What was the name of that thing? I've been trying to find these things. You can't find them anywhere. I'll find this for you. All right. Here I got it. What was that quicker? What? Did a tape or a CD? It's a CD. Dion, it's on Artista. 24 original classics 1958. And it's got, it's even got Dion and the Belmont's live doing the wanderer and also the original single. And tell me why by the Belmont's and it's good. It's great. It is. It's not a good. Go through that again. What is it? What's the name of that again? I didn't, I was trying to write it. Okay. Okay. 24 original classics. Original. I'll do it one more at a time. No, kill more time. Original classics. It's on Artista. I'm sorry. Arista. Yeah. Oh, there's a Greg Reid looking to be all the shuttle. Like he just put his head through a lot more again. Why don't you get her like a real man's haircut. Seriously. Look at you. You look like a ensemble bump. It's our general manager. Got a nice suit on today. And he's got head looks like a mess. Boy, you look bad. Okay. Enjoy pal. How did great day? Good morning. Do I say Artista? Well, I'm trying to be Artista. Artista. Artista. Well, I'm trying to be Artista. I'm trying to be Artista. I'm trying to be Artista. For the people that this is all sounds to me like really bizarre. What? Oh, sounds good in there. Okay. And on the air. He's saying on the air. It sounds great on the air. Oh, God. You will. And you. He never sounded as good as life on the air. We can do a 20 year now. By the way, I got your letter. But he never has. He'll be reading in a moment. Man, you are the biggest asshole. And you're illiterate. And we're not talking about your life. I don't know why it's on the air. But nevertheless, wait till I get to this letter. This will make hair grow on your hemorrhoids. If you got a big red one that's popped up, it'll make hair. Graph follicle start developing right on your roids when you hear this very brief. But a surrogate letter from that asshole. But he never. Who's evidently getting some bad information. I can't imagine where he's getting it from that the idiot. But he never. He has a wife. No. And that's what I hear. That's what he says. He's consulting with her. How is it possible to be like, oh, what am I asking? That's a historical question for columnist in this town and be illiterate. Of course, this comes from a newspaper that, by the way, did you see the sun sent of this morning? Same newspaper that told us 10 years ago about the radio pedophile ring that turned out to be a fath of Phantom of the opera and the Phantom of his imagination, buddy. Neven's college towns, new hot spots for retirement. You know, you pick up your newspaper in the morning. And whatever the story is there in the upper right hand corner, that's supposed to be the big story that they write. Am I right? Uh-huh. Right. You read the article and the last four or five paragraphs in the article. Well, it's really not going to happen all that much because columns towns are too small to isolate it and there's like 10 people that are returning in some stupid place in the Virginia. Okay, this is a newspaper. Talk about a boring place. Man, it must be really desperate in this town. If this is the front page story in this scum sentinel, they'd be better off to bring back the radio pedophile ring again. I got some good information for him. Not. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. Oh, man. Every time. So it was in Toronto over the weekend. 34 degrees. Sun was shining, felt like about 54 was beautiful. They had their big Saint Patty's day parade yesterday. We're going to talk about the Irish today, what a bunch of, uh, uh, amongst they are. Well, we do this every year on Saint Patrick's day. Get a lot of people very upset. That name by the way, Neven's, you think that's like an English or Irish name perhaps? I don't think so. I mean, even the Irish aren't that illiterate. He's consulting with his wife. This letter, man, I'm telling you, you get the record as rolling. Here's a mobile in Pemberpine, let's see if it sounds any better than the other one. Hello. Uncle Neil, how you doing? Oh, God, is that sound like crap? Great. I went to my first, I went to my first look, I went to my first look, Sergeant Panther game over the weekend. Oh, I had comments, I was sorry for you. I went in there, I was out of time, thank God. In the new record center. Yeah. And I had an extra ticket ever, we were walking in late. And I asked me if I wanted to, if I had an extra ticket to sell, I told them, no, I'll give you a signature. Yeah. I gave him the ticket. One of the security guards called me over, after I gave it to him. Yeah. You can't think of it a way tickets at the arena. Are you out of your mind? I can't believe that. I thought that way. If you were to give it to the guy with a hundred dollar bill attached, you would really be in big trouble. Well, I couldn't believe that. He said that the National Car rental center does not want you to give away ticket. Why not? That's what he told me. He said, it's their policy. Uh-huh. I got a news for it from, I didn't see the game, but I saw the low lights and read about it from what I hear. They should have been given away tickets for that. They should have been given a ticket. They should have been attaching a hundred dollar bill with their reticket. They should have done that too, especially when me and the armists had empty their gold. I'm going to write about that. Oh, we did get the only gold of the game. Let's give them a credit for that. Not too much else. Well, you know, the fanppers remind me of the Miami heat. They play to the level of their competition. Yeah. If their competition's staying. No, I disagree with you. I think the heat are pretty good. Do you, uh, hey, Bob, about that walley world with Miami of Ohio by the way, huh? Oh, that was great. What is his name? Oh, no. We'll find out. Have a great time. Glad you enjoyed the game. Was terrible. It's a 10 past 10. Is that close? I'm going to get a great, huh? It's a, it's a, it's a 7. 10 on this guy. Then stupid clock up here. In my, I'm, I'm having like an outer body experience here. He's playing the open, which every morning you do that, you go through that little funky music you play experimenting a few minutes before we go on a year. And I'm sitting here. It's a damn good thing I didn't go on a year and say, what the, you know, what the f*** is that? All at least we have a dump button in here. I'm like the other guys. Huh? They still don't have a dump button. The producers have to do it. So that when they go on and take a leak, correct. Oh, like I said, Greg Reed, get the haircut starting right about here right below the chin, get a good slit right there. I have just tasted just an average. I have just tasted just an average. What are you guys doing here? What are you doing here? I am a chicane. I say, Colleen, would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me relax my shellily? Oh, now that I wouldn't have to catch my tail. Is he a beware in the clean? I know there's a smart lussie. She's making sure her lullaby's wearing the clearly green protection of leopard condoms. You'll see, we're going to have a holy floor. I'm sorry for the gift of God. Especially if you're planning on kicking some blindy stones at hand. I have a ride. I'll put it in your protection. Quick, the impress costumes. They're strong enough for a man. But I like them too. So kick yourself a different condom. And you won't be kicking anything else. What could drugs basically? Okay, 10, 16, it's five, 60. What about that potato family? We were talking about that just a week or two ago. The potato famine and what that was really all about. Maybe somebody can call and tell us what that is all about. And how come the Irish drink so much? And they're basically, and that'll be known for like the candidates. Much of womanizing drugs. Basically, the legacy of the Irish. Big parade, all over. We have one here yesterday or only Kai-O-Todo. We have the same Patrick's day parade. They had a big one at Toronto downtown yesterday. Dig one and a parade too. So I wake up in my hotel yesterday morning as the litany, the list of meals, ailments, continues. Everybody likes that. I think a note on it. They do. That's wrong with you today, Neil. Let's get the buzz doctor. And of course, when you work in this place, it's perfect. Oh, by the way, George can't hear me on the intercom. That will be fixed tomorrow, right? Why is that such a big deal? I don't know. I guess there were other more important things like getting the same work. Like you mean putting the clock on a right time? Oh, come on. 10, 17 is that close? No. And within a few minutes. So for giving the time from this studio, first of all, I've the only reason I give the time is about to have it. But you listen to what we've got. Dan Pogcho, uh, cares about the time. And if they do care about the time, they should look at their watch. And if they don't have a watch, they can't afford to be listening to what God Dan Pogcho, okay? Porn your radio. If you can't afford to watch. What is it with people that don't wear a watch? Do you know people that have a wear a watch? And there's some people who like have their watch in their pocket. Seriously, or they have like a little, or they have their cell phone. Now, what kind of a schmuck has a cell phone besides the drug dealer? Has a cell phone hooked to his belt, but doesn't have a watch. Huh? Stop and think about that one. So anyway, I wake up yesterday morning and I look, I'm shaving. And all of a sudden, I see blood on my wrist, on my lint list. And I thought to myself, oh my God, what the hell is this? And now I look on my, on the same arm on my right arm. And here's a scratch. See, all of the years, I've always thought that spiders made scratches. You know, when little mismuffets hits down with your curds and ways in, oh, by the way, speaking of way in and let's get that scale up here. Sometime later this week, today is not a good day, but later in the week, we could not write that. But in any way, so I always thought that spiders when you had like a something on your arm like that. It's either a little dog who's always scratching me all over the place. But obviously in this case, it couldn't have been because I wasn't here. Or be it's a spider. And then George is telling me this morning that it's more likely to be cockroaches. Roaches. I was hanging out at the roast motel. I'm not going to give the name of the hotel because I don't need a lawsuit, but nevertheless, I made a fairly expensive, pretty fancy schmancy hotel. That's some flop joint. And I got like bites on my, I'm talking like several many. On the wrist, and here's a scratch on the arm, and here's like a couple of little like sharks on the inside of the thing, which are a lot better today, but nevertheless, what kind of place doesn't have an exterminator? I thought only this place was so cheap they wouldn't have a goddamn exterminator. So that's going to be our big topic today. Let's hear about bugs, bug bites, cockroach bites, spider bites, mites. I'm going to talk about that, mite. I'm also probably going to talk about what a horrible sound. I'm sure I will iron the bugs out if I can say that of this mess here. But boy, it's like it really is the whole thing. That's just the way we started with a wrong time in the clock, but it's like an out of body experience. Huh? But on the bright side, yes, you have a triple-debt cart machine, two of which work. Two of them. You have a triple-debt cart machine, and two of the three there's, let's try it out. You also have a TV pot. You can put up your own TV now. I can do what? You can turn the TV on. Where is that? It says DSS. Oh, look at that. I'll be way on to the TV. He's an agreement with the rich. Oh my god, look at that foreigner. He's land. Okay. Here we go. I don't hear anything on air. Okay, cart one works. Cart two. Cart two works. Cart number three. What are you talking about? They all work. Yeah, yeah. All three cart machines work. Okay. Look at a hell of a lot. There's like another piece of old crap, but nevertheless, they all work. Dig in proven. Got the screen over here. Yeah, this room is okay. I mean, it's kind of like sterile. We have to get all our pictures up on there and then in Ricky, uh, that naked. So somebody's got a call and then tell me about it. So we actually have believe it or not. A white basketball star. Oh, who actually looks pretty damn good too. And I know most of you guys, Oh, what are you talking about? Thanks, Wia. That's right. Thanks, though. It's the fact hockey show. What do you expect? So while you're spurt's out there, that think you totally took control of the sport and all the white guys are like playing the, you know, hockey now and they're playing Pinoca and playing with each other. I got bad news for it. At the University of Miami of Ohio. Well, it's close enough for us. While he has something like that, somebody out there will know who he is and something about him. Fort Latterdale, hello. Hey, Neil, I know about him as a name to see such a Shirley pronounced out last name as the Apologna? Yeah, yeah, so my, so I, I think it's like, see, it's for, it starts with four consonants. Yeah, that's why they call him Wally World. Yeah, they can't pronounce his last name. Yeah, they're be act. That's not so bad. Yeah, so I just want to fill you on that. That's his story. He had like 48 points or something? Yeah, well, yeah. That's like 72 points in two games. Yeah. And I don't know who they're up against next. Whoever heard of a white basketball star, even at the college level, I mean, what's it been about 30 years since we had like a Larry Bird? Yeah, when he had Larry Bird was like a retard. I mean, come on, Larry Bird with those silly Celtic socks that he was wearing. Like a fruit cake. Didn't he? Yeah, yeah. It's, I think Larry Bird was in always the Celtic's. He had those funny socks, you know, made them all look real fruity, you know? Oh, yeah. Like, have a look check. He also looked real fruity with those Celtic socks. Well, of course, ties right in with St. Patrick's. They doesn't. That's true. Well, hopefully he'll stay away from the Celtic's. And although he's got the Irish there, you know, the Irish thing. Yeah. But yeah, I just wanted to give you that one. Let's go Miami of Ohio. That's what I say. Yeah. Let me somebody, somebody from Miami can do it. There you go. All right. You have a great day. Thanks for the info. We said his name is Wally World is what he said. 560, 560, 560 at a mobile one line. We're talking insect bites today, baby. What are you laughing about? I didn't know that. I know that cockroaches are grow test can ugly, but I know that they might like it. But like a, a scratch like that. You tell me that's not a spider bite, Mr. I would have spider scratch you. Maybe you didn't like me. Maybe he's an anti-Semite. I know what he mean. Why would he scratch you because he was there? Because your arm is in the bed. Maybe it got in his way of like whatever he's doing. Laying his eggs, spinning his web, what a wicked web. We leave, etc. So how do I know why he would bite me? Maybe you're a roach late eggs on your flesh. Meaning what? Meaning they'll erupt and eat your flesh. I don't know. Like I said, keep playing the music. When you do that 20 minutes, you know on the show. Keep playing those little musical bits. You know nothing about anything. Seriously cockroach bites. I bet you've got a lot of people out there all over town. I don't want to mention what parts of town that are suffering and probably their little kids too. Little kids go to school. Hey, Johnny, you look like you've been eating up alive. Well, you know, I live in a roach motel. We live in a really bad crappy place. Or maybe I wouldn't be surprised that there's roaches running around all over Greg Reethouse. Newers in a very fancy neighborhood, in a very expensive house. But he doesn't believe in exterminators. Huh? Or he's just too much of a cheap perk to get when that's the problem. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, what's up? No, wait one second. I see all kind of. What is going on with the phone? What was that all about? Their lines flashing in here, even line seven is ringing. And they're not ringing on this thing. What is that? They're not ringing in here. Line seven was earlier. I think maybe we have more lines. Or hang on one second. Okay. 2 AM. Hi, can I touch you now? Sure hold on. Okay, so it's a good thing I'm looking at this thing. Okay. It's good to have a look at this because here's another minor technical problem. My computer screen, my nice mind. By the way, this is done very nicely here with our DCS computer up there. Which goes like that. And very nicely mounted. But the only problem being that we're can't see the phones are flashing. Okay, even when I look in line seven, be hello. QAM. Yeah, I got the signal, please. Sure. Hang on. George, are you seeing this? This guy is coming on line seven. We've alerted the engineers. Hello. Hello. WQAM. We have two more lines. QAM. Take the mail. Hold on here. Thank you. I see one line on you. And there's one on a monitor thing on the screen. I've got four people on hold. Okay, like I said, let's do four-later day. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Welcome to us playing radio on a Monday morning. Yes, sir. Hey. It's the Greg weed weed effort away. Do you got me? Yeah, I got you. Okay. It's not a cockroach by it. What is it? I don't know. But it's not a cockroach by it. Well, what is a cockroach by it? Look like. Oh, cockroaches. I'm going to bite you. A cockroach is a little silly. Just throw off the chair when you. A cockroach is what a friendly creature. Well, it's just not going to bite you. You might eat some of your dead skin or eat some dead fingernails or eyelashes, but he's not going to bite you. Well, that's kind of a servicing your dead eyelashes. I think that's not bad. The least skin no leaves tear, but they're not going to leave you. Mark's not going to bite you. So what was it like? How about what about spiders? Well, it could be a brown recluse. It depends on where you were. A brown recluse? Yes, fire. I was a brown recluse in my room. Ah, you don't know. Why recluse? It was me. No, brown recluse. It turns into a volcano pussy looking thing in a week. No, no, it's going away. It's not that you're got your money. A volcanic pussy thing? Yes. No, these are going away. It is like a series of little bites. Oh, it's not going to scratch, huh? It's not a cockroach because that would be American Australian or German cockroach. And they're not going to bite you. Well, I don't want to give it by no German roach. Well, no. Jesus Christ. They're not going to be marks on the roof. Like a little tattoo with the number on the next to the ablite. Wait, thanks for the good news, sir. The phone sound crappy and the lines are ringing in the this thing is all screwed up. And by the way, that's still on there, which I just hung up on. This guy in four lot of hell. He's still says the one or four lot of hell on the screen here. So the phones are screwed up. The speakers are screwed up. Welcome to five 60. Oh, you can weigh in the Greg Reed F. And way, baby. Because as usual, we're not ready to do this right. I don't really care. I mean, I'm having a good time myself. I'll be having a good time. We'll get to Buddy Neven's great letter. Be sure to call our buddy by the way, because he don't listen to the show. He pretends that we don't want him being a haven't brought to his attention by some Ojo Pravaka through who lies a lot, which I'm sure I know who that might be. Hey, hang this up, baby. Lower his hand, low. Here's that key. Sounds. All the details are. Here's that key. Sounds. You're romantic. Here's that key. Sounds. Yeah, too well. Up, these are. Sounds, sounds. Sounds, sounds. Up, these are. Sounds, sounds. Up, these are. Sounds, sounds. Up, these are. But, being dark, you ask, oh, guys, what's that? Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. Sounds. working yet today. I'm going to ask you know all things in due time in time like Linda Blair said in time. Do that again in time. Huh? But you know we'll get there slowly but here now what is this we got two extra lines we need extra lines on a show. I think one line would be good enough for this show. It's been less couple weeks. One now what are the two extra lines seven and eight? What are they? They're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're got a call on line seven a mobile in Miami hello. Hello you're our first caller everyone line seven sir. Oh thanks doesn't it make you feel like almost work living? Sure. Sure. Make sure you feel validated as a human being. And you know I want to talk about about bugs. Yes. What biting you is called a spider might. A spider might. Yeah it's between a spider's wood but a spider might. Yeah it's between a spider and a and a fleece. And what is that? Okay what it does is the spider likes a scratch and then they're like through like a train your blood like a vampire. Yeah. So that's the suck. Yeah. A roach. A roach seems like a mosquito but it depends what kind of roach. Where we roach has a different biology. Yeah it has a different mileage. Biology. Yeah. You have to stop. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought like. So they're going to be more likely to be more likely to be more likely to be more likely to be more likely to be. Yeah. I'm going to put one of these little bites on the ground. Yeah. Yeah. And then I think this is the most important thing. Yeah. One of these little bites I mean this is pretty interesting one has got like two very specific you can see it like two little tiny tooth marks. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I don't know about tooth marks but maybe sting might. Well I mean they look like little you know what I'm saying little, prex if I can see that. Yeah I don't know about that. Yeah they do do they look like two tiny little latutes marks? well they're pretty much related to flees so maybe you want to check your drugs. no no then maybe the hotels got flees. maybe cook not but usually hotels have spider mites. I'm exterminated and we go to hotels and believe me it's where we find. Spider mites excellence or god bless you. okay now what do you do for those you have to spray your spritz? you have to spray and make sure you use a watch correctly because sometimes they're just taking sheets and a little cheap or maybe a little cheap. that's what I said I look at my wrist I said oh sheet I have a great day pal. I think you can spray the impoters. I got to know this bug. okay it's about time we got somebody new something on this show spider mites huh? I love mites remember? all you said everything you do. I added these is ants mites and rogues do both. if you were paying attention instead of a sucking them out with your castell back there this guy just said they do bite. that's what I said. I don't have one of these little things here it's got like two you've had these. everybody's had these sure they look like two little toothp marks. two little pin bricks. I caught a pulmetle bug bite and how I don't want. pulmetle bug. you've been in Florida a long Mister. They're a cockroach. like those are the small. how do you tell the difference between a pulmetle bug and a German cockroach? huh? I know the German one's got a swastika on one. I know. seriously how do you tell the difference? see one good thing about the Irish I can't say too many good things about them because quite frankly they're not known for anything except the. but there's no Irish cockroach I bet. huh? who don't want to bite them anyway they're so damn pasty looking you know the Irish. they really are they need to get out there in the sun. you think the Scottish would have a little bit of color to them you know they're they invented golf. they got there in the course there's the problem is there is no sun up there. it's real close to Amsterdam ever been over there and there is no sun. maybe like about two three days a year there's like a little wall up in the sky. all looked at my piece of sun that's it that's the last year going to see. so the Irish the British and the Scottish move the side and they have contributed absolutely nothing to the human race nothing. what do you want to talk about and don't you need a Shakespeare crap in renaissance Shakespeare lately. oh I don't either. couldn't give a crap less about Shakespeare. here's a lady in Palm Beach how about you know your bugs hello. I'm great. I'm actually not calling. good thank god. that's Serbia guys hot. isn't he something. oh my god. what is it? sir be. Jesus. of to make me start watching a lot now. I'm telling you that's really annoying. yeah. he's he's. he was good. he was. I mean how often it will stop and think about this. how often does it happen at some of it we were talking about rock stars. most rate singers are ugly. because that's face I mean nature is going to give you everything you know have great looks great voice you know great talent so you know one of the above isn't bad like me I got everything except the looks you know well you got good taste. right. you got good taste also. I'll share with you how's that. well all right if we if you can make them down here making the come down. well he's from Miami. just like I'm going to walk through we got to give him a new map. I'm so. uh-huh. um there's actually a parade an Irish parade in Del Rey. yeah led by a drunken pig. I guess. I guess. I'm not kidding you. I'm not kidding you. I'm not kidding you. Uh-huh. that was Saturday. yeah. you were asked about parade. yeah so uh-well when was yesterday or was yesterday afternoon I had to be going to Toronto right on young street downtown and it just went on and on and on and on and it was uh it was bizarre. that's great. because I don't think there are any Irish people in oh yeah there that's right. but they're just as white and cannery. they're very pasty. it's just for the Middle East and people in the Asian people. lot of Asians in Toronto. a lot of Chinese. yeah I'm not a lot of wonderful Chinese people in T.O. they kind of stop and then they don't leave. but yeah. well I mean I don't know it seems that they end up there and they don't ever leave it. big population. we don't want to believe that they're great people. they're wonderful. oh no no I don't mean anything dragon. now and they're they're just there. they're really really. they're really. they're holding a slant on life. let's show. also that article you're talking about college retirees. I was in the Palm Beach post two days ago. yeah here's a story that's two days old that doesn't say anything and it's the lead story in the upper right hand of this morning's on settle and and I'm waiting to find out. what does this mean are people moving back to an arbor to east land to nothing. it doesn't say a guy dancing is 300 old far. it's most of them from Florida moving to someplace in Virginia. that's that's our news papers. lastly Greg read a regular telephone. ok. oh yeah. I second at emotion. oh here's the goddamn rangers winning it over time on look at. ah Christ what's the matter with you Tommy Snell. Jesus Christ you couldn't stop a watermelon mister. we got a major major. first this station stands for nothing. one problem. yeah see now you think that it's just me being selfish talking about all my ailments and all my little horrible life experiences. Joe Castellor just came in here and I'm showing him my things in my bites too. and he rolls this leave up and he shows me his arm is his obelist is the popped up in a shower this morning. looks like a bad boy doesn't it looks like a vampire thing on his arm. that is look like an insect I would say intensive care. it looks really he's got like this big red thing and then he's got one on his arm too. no seriously you're not this is heard. yeah things a little bit. see these are things that we all experience and we know nothing about him and you wake up and you look at. he just he just hope you don't die. because just like that song says god made all this crap he made all these things. and of course nobody ever questions those things because you're supposed to be a bunch of dummies. you would never ask how come he made. like my like spider might what does this spider might do. what constructive positive god damn thing does a spider might do huh. besides by our ass and in fact the linens and betting and all kinds of crap like that absolutely nothing. but god invented it. seriously the god the god people we need to get butterfly nits and take the god people and just to take them all away somewhere. like I'm bed low's island would be good. when the bigger is there such a thing as bed low's island anymore is that like liberty island is that would they change the name to. isn't that where the statue of liberty is as bed low's island I thought it was liberty island. but it used to be because you're not old enough to know see you think you know something. the problem is you don't know anything because you're not old enough like all that crap you talk about history. we hear to see it no you read it somewhere. means nothing. you know joke you see is arm. yeah the entire looks much worse than this sure Jesus Christ I feel better now. here's my amy hello. yes sir I do it great. yes well he's already a you know his from no parents. from his spine with a name like that. he's correct his dad was one of the way of war so. correct he's he's dad was one of the greatest Spanish of buttockle plays a. oh my god yeah he doesn't look his panic. no he's panic for Spain. he looks. you're a he look your opinion looks like real angle like real Midwestern white bread. real bringo yeah real exactly real gringo. doesn't it yeah. good looking kid. yeah I do me a few you can play you know my chocolate. so I can't take care. what do you mean my chocolate covered balls. sounds like something from a cook who's missed. wallie's your beckies Polish by way of Spain and has chocolate covered balls there you go. 560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line are top of today is a spider bites so anyway buddy nevin's who's a real major answer. right our brand new studios this morning everything is like upside down the other company. and that's why the colors let's find out a thing here George. on hold we'll find as we go along. now why would you want to get rid of that that's one of the well if you and send us we had for the Nicole so they can hear your potty mouth. you're in a commercial breaks. here what are really big it a little prick you really are during the commercial breaks. so anyway open up a couple letters this morning here's one and the first thing I get out of it it's got two pages out of new times you know the best of thing that we're talking about through the friday last week and sure enough best radio personality new Rogers WQAM a. what's your already know that I thought about some is being nice to sending this and then on the next page best daily newspaper columnist body never in sunset. oh my god and it goes on I'm going to waste my time reading this because it's such a joke that was the sun's the new time source by the way readers toys was reiki. how do you like that so when the readers pick reiki over you and I mean reiki. oh you ever read his column. always writing about his kid in this kind of heart and flowers. I mean real peroky look at his stuff you read in batavian New York you know. so anyway then I see there's a letter when it was a sunset and the letter head and I'm thinking oh my god it's another letter from my close best personal friend body never. who of course for tans he that he'd like times it he pretends he doesn't listen to the show and he has a wife in that's what I hear. here mr. Rogers March 11 1999 beer mr. Rogers. it is come to my attention you are allowing callers to rent on air about my personal life. no no have we ever had anybody well what do we we don't even know about his personal life in addition to which when somebody is that all I said was he's the shoveled and a putzen of peace of craven and asshole which he is all those. he looks like he crawled out of a sewer if that talking about spider mice he looks like a spider might. look like. huh real shit with a beard away any about two feet of like a little munchkin. so we're not doing that but it goes on here comes a good part. one note Charlie you know buddy they got a name for people like you if I like Mark Benson that call this last week. who's uh... you know Henry burrows the self-appointed agent of whatever he is everybody over there waxy says he's an asshole nevertheless one note Charlie bilingual is a mappa pop up out of the same thing you come back a hundred years from now he'll still be screaming around and maybe about bilingual is if he could but he won't he'll be dead. be assured my sexual life involves two consulting adults. now remember last letter he wrote to me was a little bit. see if you're going to write a call if you're supposed to be a political. the last thing you want to be is like kind of like borderline a literate and not understand how to use the language. buddy. be assured my sexual life involves two consulting adults and not consenting consulting adults enjoying one mother's company. what does that mean it first of all we don't want to know about your sex life then it goes on to say it has never consisted of a abusing myself while sitting in a lonely adult movie theater unlike some radio host I know have a wonderful day sincerely buddy never political writer calm is on sendle. well first of all not being in the s&m let me just tell you this okay buddy I have never abused myself in my life. although I think that back I have read your column on occasion. nor have I ever done anything even slightly titillating in a lonely adult movie theater okay. but again here it all see always comes back to this like that radio pedophile ring like it was only a bunch of fags in brown to one of that domestic partnership orders it all keeps coming back to that over and over and doesn't buddy so now we understand whether with that big history and all that makefully pedophile ring and all all these things because that's where you're really coming from. a little spider might be get it piece of homophobic historical crap we don't care about your person life or about your consulting consulting adults enjoying a for and how anybody could enjoy your company beats the hell out of me. but have a nice in the story have a wonderful day I'm having a wonderful day buddy. oh make it more today than you'll make all this month buddy how do you like that must hear your kishki's out. know that an old queen like me is making all about what it's been all queens guess what book I picked up at the airport over the weekend. on way up. vulgar favors yes. can't you see. can't you it's a mural it's a mural it's a montage of little tiny pictures. but you on there. yes my yeah vulgar fan flavors it's about me. and recunan and asshole this is marine orth. it's a brand new book just out he's the life of now do we say she's the wife of Tim Rosser who's on me depressed where do we say he's her husband. depending on he act on like him at all he's like real red faced he's a real red pushed the I don't like him at all. it's one of the qualifications for being the host of me depressed it's been on for a hundred years that show and every host has been. the zard Lawrence spive anybody out there will have to remember Lawrence spive act the first host of that show. billman roe who couldn't here was a guy was a host it was like the buddy never in the television he couldn't speak. he was from New England he had this real heavy boss in action and it was a topic today is a fashion he couldn't say the word a fashion. it was kind of like that bob coosie speech impediment that he's got that yeah wow you got that kind of like a real excitement. put with the other host of me depressed let's see a billman role. Lawrence spive act. this got to be one in between billman roe and this Tim Rosser where we're red face I always worry about guys with a real real red post. and if their faces real red makes me nervous too like I noticed so costella had a red page you know that too much son over the weekend probably out there playing golf which is why God made him wake up this morning with a big red. scrapped a big oh this figure man looks at the I would say amputation at the armpit. he could be like a male venous to my love. kind of like the buttocks of my any. so when you get this book vulva of all the favors. if i have any vulva favors. by a mori north and i'm reading about two thirds of the way through and out. it is pretty interesting the only part of the problem since i'm not really into drugs at all. you might be more interested in this and that crystal meth which was what you had to go then and totally screwed up. I mean he was an asshole to begin with a totally self absorbed pretentious he was kind of like um how do I put it. he was kind of like the great read of the gay underworld. is that that might be a good huh. no sir if i know that he told so many stories that he started to believe his own books. yeah. and like he was like used to talk to friends about how you uh Johnny Versace went out to this is long time ago in San Diego. but one is i mean you know if crystal meth i'm not into that now it's the straight people call it crank. and fags call it what. what are they calling. back to me. yeah but you should know this stuff you're you know an expert you're a Cuban. Cuban you know all about the fact stuff is the only crystal meth i know. so anyway he was all screwed up on that and that's why he went over the edge and he was fat not a shape and he was a piece of crap is what he was. but anyway you know this this the let me just say this from reading this book so far the only one of the five people he murdered that he hadn't met or didn't know before was the caretaker in the cemetery up in jersey who's pick up trucking you to escape. when he found out they were on the was there tracking the cell phone. in the car restore from leave megalon and chicago and guess what. when he went to Minneapolis for that last fake toll trip where he killed his two close personal friends deftrael and david whatever that fags name what. he was telling him that the he would be in Chicago. and was being kept at that time being kept since he was used to being kept all his life by a big real estate mogul which we make l just happened to be in addition to which early in a book it talks about the home shopping network. and about how many of the top executives of home shopping network were used to a pick up using the services of all these mail escorts. and that wasn't a home shopping network once owned by a good close personal friend buddy but. uh-huh. this was in the early nineties. uh-huh. very interesting stuff that kind of like all ties together in there. anyway it's not a bad book kills him good time on a plane ten to and you know if I have to get on one more plane. this is the second time in about two or three a week that this has happened to me. everything's ready to rock and roll people around a plane all of a sudden the captain comes on while we had a little bit of a problem we got two people not on a plane yet and. now we have to take their luggage off. we should take about fifteen to twenty minutes. first they made a mistake on putting on the computerized boarding cards they put instead of seven oh five that the flight was leading at seven thirty. it wasn't late it was just a mistake so once they put that on there they can't leave the seven thirty because there's so many people are so stupid. they want to up to let's see if they put on their relieving at seven thirty oh five. it's just human nature there are some of you assholes that will show up at seven thirty oh four four seconds after. I don't know why that is I'm a compulsively early person there are some people out there who are compulsively late. I mean doesn't make sense if you're going to be leaving at seven thirty they're going to be boarding twenty thirty minutes before you get there that makes sense. so anyway the law is never done on the interlast night the law is that if somebody doesn't show they have to take the luggage off why they have to take the luggage off. I guess what. what better way to do something I want to say. I don't want to say that. then you know check in some luggage and then just the kind of water out of your port luggage winds up on a plane and then. I think what they should do is say actually what we're going to do is we're going to postpone to flight for three hours. we're going to scour the airport find these two people and let all you people that are seeing on a plane right now or being inconvenienced. but then beat the crap out of these people. don't take any bullsh** on this. oh. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. maybe we got to get to Campbell's soup cans up there. maybe that would sound better than that. okay look at that phone. but got it one hour we made it today in our new studio. but what is there we got that over show from shool is it too. we got booch on the get six was just the. growing into his job and we got a capital in ten five six seven oh five sixty we added two more phone lines because we knew that in the new studio today. there would be this term what he'll happen about this tremendous rush of call. and there's not a call on a board five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. not me over the goddamn fed that us to look at it. and it's not working anymore see that's the one thing in here there's really a no way to tell. WQAM hello. yes sir. George speaking. I just support information on national public radio. yeah. I love the work. yeah. the author of the book that. you was talking about the orth. yes. right. national public radio discussing the book. she was just on the weekend. well she's on right now. right. if you're interested. maybe what we got to do this turn the show off in turn that on. well that's an idea. I mean the way this phone is going on I will just do that let's start lets it we can put that on here. maybe for the offer while might be pretty interesting. okay George if if you read the book. no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no it wasn't pretty interesting it happened right here. you know a lot of it happened right here. yeah. I'm not reading because I can't see a blind. oh well I'll maybe something could be to you. well it'd be nice. there you go. also I'll send you a lot of time on his name. I hope you did. I have a great day pal. okay thanks. well that would be pressing. I mean what do you say when what's the come back for that. it makes me feel like about that tall like like buddy nevin's like a little magic. 560 560 pump 560 on the 18T wireless line. it all happened of course how many times have we all driven right by. I don't think it's there anymore is it that house both blue house both. huh it's saying and uh was dismantled remember. and what about that little spick by the way the caretaker. he's still selling the pillows. he's selling he's a pull off the feathers from the pillow he's selling him one at a time. yeah he's tickling his. thank you come with it huh. his story changed so many guy damn times but unfortunately the police the FBI. it was just a little bit slow on the uptake on that. first of all he saw him the first thing is he saw him and he recognized him. remember that that that was in the afternoon on that day. then later on the story changed he heard a gunshot upstairs and he ran out and called police. well if he heard the gunshot upstairs which is where Kuenan and his body was bought and a bit up there and he ran out how to how to see him. did he really see him? no no. and of course then there are always those people wondering about how maybe this guy was like you know. maybe he heard about that reward money he'd been helping him up bring them some food bring them some. you know chips and dips and stuff like that some guacamole. and then a son hey there's a good because boy did he milk that that he squeezed that for every time he could get out of it. and they son of a new York and he was on a double goddamn talking head shows. and he still can't speak English. call up mark bets and tell him about it. here's a tamarack hello. is it the roar reggae show see. no it's not it's that Neil guy. you know what talk to him. okay thanks five six seven okay Julio. by the way how was Kai Ocho anybody in the sun he's got a Kai Ocho. no did George go and I go. no I was out of town I had to go see the fact that's why I went out of town. five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. we're talking about spider mites today for Christy this is an important topic. you people out there you might wake up tomorrow morning and find out you're a whole body this figured. from spider mites what are we going to do about it what they're are they what are these two little bricks that I got on my wrist. what's that dig red gash on jocustellos are Jesus that look really nasty. didn't he said he's misshauer this morning he noticed that they look there's a big thing on his arm. here's a mobile and hell and they'll hello. hey Neil yes sir. how are you doing okay. hey uh I just wanted to talk about you know that thing with the satellite dish of a took off my cbs and. yeah but didn't you we have a day they bud said now till the summer thirty first you got to be proved. well they said I don't know if you got a letter in the mail where they had already. uh type of letters to send to the the TV stations in my congressman and all that. no I didn't get that. yeah I got that the mail there. I got that I got with the original one saying work from super star connection saying we're very sorry. but as a section such a date say goodbye to cbs and fox and guess what as a. such and such a date they went say goodbye. but now we got now the congress and I don't understand this deal they're making them put it back to the summer thirty first and why I don't know what does that mean then after that we're going to lose it again anyway. you know I got I got this letter and and if I can I give a chance I'll fact you the letters. okay you see you can read the letter they type them up forming the dress them to you know the station manager at fox here locally. yeah seven and for cbs but my thinking is is I'm I have a feeling why they did that and that's because. you know I don't don't bitch about ABC or uh NBC because they don't carry NFL anymore. so I think that's what it is and I want to solve about. I think that's what it is that the NFL's behind it because like in the afternoon when I had my cbs. it was a game on it one I just want to do you subscribe to the NFL package. no I don't well I do that I don't call it and I'm buying a package so I'm paying for all those games so giving my guy. MCDS and fox back you idiots right we'll see the thing is is like they say you can support. I'm a time of season ticket of a dolphin so I'm already at the game. yeah and second of all you know when they're away I get it on my local but it's real fuzzy. because I have a big screen TV it's a pain in the ass and second of all. where do you live? I live in number of times and you get a fuzzy reception. yeah on all my stations like on my big screen TV. you know if I have a little. you know if I have a little. you know if I have a small dish. and if I plug in like a small 13 inch I can prepare the. I can get it in somewhat better but I want to fit my living room watching the big screen. so you know they say you can have you can watch up to 13 games a week. well really you can only watch one at a time. oh no if you if you if you you if you learn to a channel surf like okay you can watch six different games of one time if you learn how to pull push that thing real quick and a bird too. I mean you're a must. I'm not a professional surface. yeah I am. so I'm a good thing would be with sports is there's too much lag time in between. so even a hockey game you know and here we go to one of those long ponders two minute time. I'm watching another game for two minutes and then I have trained myself so that I very rarely miss anything. I'm back just in time for the next face off. I don't miss a goddamn thing. well you're good when you're going to have a class for that. uh Friday or two. you know have a good one. good luck you pal. okay boy this is a real kick in the teeth is usual. look at that one call on the board we got four we got 45 lines now. even and we're couldn't have never did that many. we're talking about crystal meth. we're talking about goddamn spider mice. we're talking about uh a million things here today. all kinds of all these things. and these people and we're talking about walley that pull out from a spain that from university of Miami. uh oh hi oh right that didn't get beat by Purdue by the way. I was going on a good year by the way Limer and Liner. oh look who just popped his head in the door. roll. wow. we're going to have to see him all the time too. I don't mind seeing Roy but that oh god. I looked up there before. I thought that boy was a waddling in the doorway. he was taking up the doorway. I have to stop right now. are you young? are you beautiful? are you a girl? if you answered yes to these three questions then you could be set up for life. in fact you might as well drop out of school right now because there's some great jobs out there. they're just waiting for you to fill them. so if you think you'd like to make great money hang out with cool people and you like sex. or at least don't mind it all that much. the porno industry needs you. that's right. the porno industry is looking for young beautiful girls who are failing out of school and falling out of their bras. it's a great gig. all I have to do is lay there and let whoever do whatever. I don't even have to speak. they just overdub the moaning later. the porno industry wants you and for all early applicants a career supply of ice packs and facial soap will be supplied free of charge. call today. this is what. 11 15 at 5. speaking other way it is. let us be able to make it for this. live is in real quick going to stand up the four two signs. good sure allowed to turn the das off, but what. he starts out by saying, oh, the path is must have been listening to aerosmith and living on the edge in that tab of game. Yeah, right. I wonder where he got that from. Enrique Hernandez opposing opinions not allowed. And then he has after allowed with two LZWD, ALOD. And he goes on to say, the same thing I've been saying for a couple of years, that in this community, unfortunately, because of the, uh, striden, right wing old Cuban assholes who don't understand freedom of speech unless it's a, basically, that's what it's all about. As long as it's something they like you can say it, other than that, off of your head. I was going there in Reiki, but I haven't said the same damn thing for a hundred years, and nobody cares except Mark Benson. But I'd like this cool and anything. I remember I'm an off the year for seven months. All of the amazing things that happened in those seven months that I was off the year. Like the Diana thing, not that that was so amazing that somebody gets killed in the car crash, that happens every day, but the way that the medium manipulated all of the world, like this was such a big thing. Everybody in their brother-in-law was hanging on every, uh, last, uh, thing about that. And then the cool man in business and Gianni Versace. Huh? Don't you ever frucky in Gianni? Right here in town, right over there. I mean, don't you people ever leave the house. Haven't you ever driven on Colossal Avenue, past where those house boats are, right there on a guy damn water running into coastal? Have you ever done it? No. Ever seen at the blue house boat before it sank? No. And many times you've seen that damn thing. Come back on here after seven months, hiatus, I go through the whole run down of all these things that happened. All the things that I have to say about it. There was never any response about any of that. So what they were my talking about this, uh, this book for what's the point? Unless you want to go out and read it for yourself. Like this story, I clipped out of the paper this morning. I brought this up again. People are calling you or draw the year because they don't want their voices on here. We're checking on this, and the rest of the public, they got nothing to say about this either. This is the town where nobody basically is going to say about anything. Six club members ordered into court. Many of the 24 patrons of a four-laterdale swingers club were arrested in the late last month. If an order were appearing court to answer ludenous charges. The master, a colon or the trapeze two clubs that most of the patrons do not attend, they were stepped in off from the state attorney of partial, uh, a pre trial intervention, which would obligate them the three months probation committee service and return for a guilty plea. For a guilty plea. How do you like that? Not a no-all contendery, but a guilty plea. Now wait to hear this. Speaking of newspaper columnists. Anyway, most of us as far as I'm concerned, I don't want them to do a minute of community service. The bottom line is we didn't do anything wrong. We were a private club, the state of Florida and Broward County issue of dyslicens. They knew we were a private club. But Ron Ishoi, a spokesman for the state attorney. Yeah. How do you like that? How does that work? Uh-huh. Look at all these different people over the years like Cory Zawado. She used to be a news broad, a little news, uh, young, uh, whatever she was on W. Just news years ago. All of a sudden she's like a spokesman for somebody there at the Metro date. Then we had our good friend, uh, Juan, uh, Mandietta. One ton to make it, I remember. How could we forget? Good guy used to be in our news department. And he was over a channel seven throughout a week and a half until Brian Andrews gets brought in chasing Marana Hallway. He got out of there. And now all of a sudden he's a spokesman for, uh, day the Metro. He was standing there next to Mayor penis today. They were standing all the having a big circle. Jerk in a circle. There's, uh, in fact, he introduced him. Here's Juan Mandietta. Juan, hey, remember? We remember Juan. And now, Ron, issue I who used to be and by the way, speaking to comments who hate me like poison. He makes money never looked like a piker by comparison. Ron, issue I used to go around like to local college abroad casting a wannabes. Oh, that knee of Rogers. He doesn't belong on the air. And if it's the last thing I do, I'm going to get him off the air. Because he's disgusting. That would what? What was that 20 years ago, Ron? Uh, still on the air. Is he still writing for the Harold? No. No. He's a spokesman for the state attorney and say his office believes it can win convictions. Loot this is a class two, Mr. Meander. The carries the penalty of 60 days in jail and a $500 fine. And it goes on and it goes on and it goes on and the center of Encedor and center of Enzoa. A paper in a way to be identified as Jack. Seven additional Mr. Meander charge of remaining in a place for Loot purposes was added to the charges against him in his wife. He said he understood from friends that the additional charge was also filed against other defendants. Jack and his wife were among nine married couples charged with loob behavior for having sex with their spouses at the club. Now keep, okay, I want you to keep your ears focused on the words, okay? They were among nine married couples charged with having with loob behavior for having sex with their spouses at the club. Um, maybe technical poses couples and pay the $50 a couple members should fee and the $70 that five dollar door charge to get in and trapeze to unassarity and act the right to curb. A couple intensified the charges. Another patron who called herself Jean, uh, says she intends to plea not guilty because my sex life is my business at Jean and the government should butt out of it. Americans are guaranteed the right of life liberty to pursue the happiness she said. We've got a hick share of here who should know that and amen to that. Ken Jenny or an asshole man. And it goes on and says since the tales of the arrested trapeze to were made public and additional 50 people have taken out membership. So trapeze to say that it has 6000 members are ahead at the time of the rate. 6000 members paying money at the private club. They go in there. They do whoever they want, whatever they want. That's it behind closed doors. No miners. Nothing going on outside. No drugs outside. No prostitution. No problem. So it would then make them happy when they try to get all the, you know, the slom machines off the cruise ship. That didn't work out too good. So what's the next thing Ken Jenny's it's always this when guys are trying to make a name for themselves when they've got higher aspirations politically. This is the kind of goodly two shoes horse crash as they're always lucky involved in always. Because who are they appealing to their appeal to the people of vote and brow account. All over the edge of 100. Oh yeah, that's disgusting. Right. Those are the people. Here's North Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. You must be abortion by robbing neither Mars Saturday night. He's the right about it. Isn't that the nissempti net? About two, uh, missed opportunity. He's one of the empty net for me. Feed away. Why? Uh huh. Boy. He did score a goal. But, uh, let's just say when he'd been announced the three stars and he was number two. He was, uh, suddenly boot. Great. He, that's the second game in a row. He's been. I was one of the loudest. Sean Burkhun who stayed another great job. But I've been talking about Sean Burkhun. And, uh, I don't want to fool you. I'll kid next to you behind the tip of the net. You said, hey, look at it. Charles Schwab. Oh, Charles Schwab. Yeah. I'm a little bit slow today. Yeah. Okay. By the way, I thought I was only one. Nothing. Instead of 10 because Ranchford only played for about 10 seconds. They're when I late in the game. Well, the other reason was to be a Billy Lindsay and cook them all on the pal. Well, there you go. I'd go on TM. I'm Adam at Terence. Thanks. Okay. So, I'm under the Mr. Ruby boring game. Nice going. You'll go to a good choice. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. Two calls on his board. We've got one. 162 lines. We were prepared for you today. engineering. I was notigean. . Thank you. Thanks. Sorry I can't any Japanese board. Where was your name? Yes. Okay. Okay, you average. I have only write your name. Which is pretty hint. That kind of name. So, we got all these calls not huh? At least in this room it sounds great. And they sit on the air. It sounds fantastic. The calls continue to suck as in almost none. I mean what the other time I come back here for I can state up there and gotten more bed bugs. What's you know, and I'm sure if I would have stayed for a couple more days I might. Spider-Might, maybe look it up in the dictionary and get with the program. Learn something, find out something about real life. Forget about the God Bullcraft. There is no God, but there are spider-mights. Call of the place. What? Could be chiggered. There was no chiggered net hotel. What do you think I stayed there? Here's a mobile and pop-in, oh hello. Yeah, I'm just a little bit healthy maybe. Yes sir. Why is that? How are you today? Okay. I don't want to go on record of saying these Flint Club raids are just a big pile of steaming crap. We were trapped these Saturday night. Yeah. The crowd. What are you saying? A perverse? The crowd of trapeze was like maybe half of what it normally would be. Yeah. And what are all the crap? That's the idea. Put these places out of business by going in there and waiting a lot of them. And hey, look at us. We closed up a pervert place. We did a QF. Yeah. But anyway, that's not really what I called about that. What did you call about? I didn't happen to catch out group. Dean on nine this morning didn't know. No, I didn't see that. It was a Ramlo. I must have been there was a repeat. I saw two seconds. He was said, we originally recorded and I was stuck there right up. Yeah. The main reason I called was for you had mentioned on that. You were talking about me the press this morning, which was interesting. No, was not. Oh, you were not. I've talked to about this one. It's interesting because there's nobody hardly calling here. Well, I know it's one day. And I know George killed the show last 20 minutes there on Friday for about a month. But what I thought was like that. What I thought was like that was really. I can't see it. I was like, like an erected setting is bedroom. Like playing radio. Go ahead. You have to hear what's in there. It was astonishing. The Senator Luger was on me. The press along with another Senator who's last name happened to be Dix. He what? So Senator Luger and Senator Dix. But did you say Senator one? Senator Dix. Senator Dix. Right. Yeah. Senator Dix. And another Senator who's named happens to be Cox, C.O.X. Yeah, okay. Thank you. Have a great day. Okay. Here's Toronto. Hello. Hey. It's going real good. You're up here this weekend. Yes sir. I was up there for the Irish Sheriff of the big parade yesterday. You're a great day Irish. Come on. Love the Irish. No. They don't have a drink. Most of the Irish in Toronto look Chinese though. I know this. Well, we have a lot of Chinese. We have a lot of everything up here. Yeah, everybody's kind of like mixed. That's why I like Toronto. Everybody's got a little bit of this. A little bit of that in them. Well, I wanted to talk about it. Yeah, I have a lot of a bad in them. Yeah. Yeah. Can't wait to go on a wincing. It's rump. Yeah. So I wanted to talk about bites. Yeah. I'm not going to want to mention it because now then I'll get to it. I don't want to do that. Well, it was in the downtown. Yeah. It's a very one of the very well known of very, you know, and I've stayed there all the time. It's a great hotel. But, you know, I'm like my right arm looks like I had it in the meat grinder. It's bad. Well, I'm back for the city and our mayor. We apologize. Oh yeah, you're mayor. Maybe you know something maybe the mayor was the one that bit me, you know, because he's got a squirrel anyway. He's bizarre. Have you seen he's a piece of work? I say go to Mel is what I say. In fact, every time I pick up the Toronto newspapers, the son, the global, says go to Mel on a front. Yeah, that's why he's, you know, he's not much, but he's all we've got. He's bizarre. Yeah. He's a piece of work. Yes, I can. Maybe he's concerned about maybe he can play defense. Oh, how about them leaves? Yeah, kind of a coma operation there Saturday. Oh, you know, I'm telling you, they don't get the act together. They're going to be a first round. They'll be all right there. They're going through. Everybody's got to have their swoon. They're doing it just the right time. We still got 15 games to get the bugs. Aaron out of I can say that will be all right. Well, hopefully, but I, I don't want to tell you. I was standing at, you know, how they have the street meat. You know, they're good at nice and tight and sausage on on the street. Yeah. I was out there on Young Street getting a tight and sausage. And it was the middle of the first period. And the guy at the sausage stand had the game on. He had Joe Bowen blasted out there. I'm going to tell you, Joe Bowen is so goddamn good. I, it just gave me goosebumps standing listening to about two minutes of the game on waiting for my witty. Seriously, Joe Bowen is God. Well, he's doing a lot more now. He's got these doing the television shows up here. And he's also doing the radio broadcast. He's going to be doing the radio broadcast. He's going to be doing the radio broadcast. Joe Bowen is the second coming a Christ. Oh, he loves you too. There you go. Okay, have a right day. Thank you. Okay. Call some Toronto. We can't get any down here, but they're calling from Toronto. Oh, real city with real God. They're living and breathing people. Not a bunch of deadheads. Oh. What was that? Oh, it was my fault. Oh, my God. Hey, we don't have time to play the bit anyway. It's because I went to I was rambling there too along with that. The con from Toronto. Twenty seven don't know. We got to get this spot. And that's the only reason we're here. Thank God, I was making a difference. We get calls or not. If I got paid by the call, I'd be in the the supply and the right now. I'd be out of the soup. I'd be a commos house as I speak. If I got paid by the call. WQAM. Yes, I want to talk to me all about to the springer's club. Speaking. This is him. I picked up call because I guess the line isn't the phone is all screwed up. Yeah. Oh, I was on up for a while and I called back. Right. I was going to tell you, I wanted to know where these things are. I'm going to come my box together. Yeah. I'll come back. He's a pig. Yeah. I'm pulling of his and he's asking me to do him some in sexual favor. So I'm going to tell him that him and his wife should go there. Yes, so why don't you get you good lawyer sounds like a great sexual harassment suit to me. I'll split it with you. I know I got to get him on tape first. Yeah, okay. Well, work on it and call us back. What the hell is she talking about? Also, what do I get back to a Greg Reed? Since I think there might be an interesting segue from that call on this one. But, you know, getting back to him, I was thinking coming to work this morning about different people I've worked for. Most of whom in this business they have been disappointing. The only two people I would say who did not disappoint were Dick Casper and Gary Lawrence and people that Gary Lawrence. Yeah, that's right. Gary Lawrence was a pretty good guy. Got screwed over by the, uh, Ganard people over there. Used to on I and Z and Z and Z. But he was a pretty good guy. Didn't disappoint. In other words, he stood by all the way until they can't disaster. Which I think that's why they did can't is that. And the Casper, of course, was a radio radio person. They really knew something about the business. Now, and I was thinking also compared, like, about, you know, how from big Greg always looked like this morning. From bigger than usual. When two agree, he looked like really George is nodding his head. He didn't want to say nothing because he's still waiting for that $200 for the employer the month. Did he get it yet? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We didn't get it. But at any rate, I'm thinking like Bob Green, Bob Green was not a great dresser. No, not a snappy, or, huh, even even with a Tuxedo on, he was still a sloth. But there was just something different about the way he carried himself. You know what I'm saying? In other words, when you sat down and you talked about Green, even though we had our differences, believe me, especially there at the end after Jackson Ball Station, did we really hear, you know, I had some serious problems. But generally speaking, about 80% of the time when you sat down and you talked to the guy, he didn't scratch his head and looked down at the floor and, you know, and said, you know, if you walked in and said, hey, Bob, it's a nice day today. He didn't say, oh, you're quitting. Like if he, if I went into Greg's office down the hall here now, that we're almost seeing floor one big happy family, I said, God, what a beautiful day of turning into after that rain is more. He'd say, gee, a quitting. Yeah, that's what he would say. I mean, just, I don't know, maybe the reason he keeps scratching that whole, there is he's trying to find, you know, whatever used to be in there. Maybe that's what it is. Because I know like, it was coming to work this more. I thought, God, it is so embarrassing when I think about the fact that he's my boss. I mean, the money I'll take, the money's great. Radies are great, we're kicking ass. We've got this new spealy, we're up here on the third floor now. Like we actually, which we like to better run the second by the way, but nevertheless, I'm embarrassed that I work for this man because you just look at him and you think, see, and then you start talking to him and then you really got a problem, you know? Like say something that might be meaningful, something that might relate to like the business to the show, to the station, to like our lives, something. Can't do it. Here's sunrise, hello. Neil, yes, sir. Where is the article about the trapeze? It's in the hell by presume. It's in a Harold on page on a second page of the, probably, are you in date? No, I'm in Harold, we get the phone sent me off. No, but if you get the Broward edition of the hero that's in the Broward section on page two. Well, now I haven't excused the by a copy of the hell, but I said, I'll have members ordered into court by Paul Brinkley Rogers, my brother-in-law. Yeah. Marty. Anyway, I have one more bit in the night. And nobody cares about this. Nobody's got any comment about this. Except for all the closeted people who call George Off-the-ear and are terrified that their voices will be recognized if they call me on here. They're the ones that are scared-craples because this is the kind of fascism that goes on in Broward County. I agree with you. And I bet your buddy never knows real happy to see it, too, by the way. Well, I'm an ACLU next. I agree with you. I mean, by the way, do I remind me of something? Who is that with the door? Who was that? I was Robert, you could've from Robert Spray that newspaper on Friday. Oh, Robert, that's quick down all the gay clubs from the New Times, yeah? That's the one. Yeah, go ahead. Which reminds me, Neil, I was at the F.L. You meeting a couple weeks ago. And there was the mention of your attorney, Norm Can, to understand the fairly ill. Now he's back home. He's doing better. How are you doing, sir? So I guess I should tell Norm Can, but I wish you, you know, I wish you could feel better. He's a niche. He's been a lot of goodness in this community speaking. You know what we're talking about? That's right. Standin' up for all else. Come back. Okay. What are you doing? It's Fabio's 30th birthday. You know what? He's got one name. Who doesn't that remember too? Okay. I have a great day. Yeah, there's another example of hype, baby. What are the obvious ones? I mean, who would you rather do? While you were the basketball player from U of M or Hile? Or Fabio? I mean, I can understand Rosio Donald having a monitor show because who that would do that, like, huh? Oh, my God. Is that, you know, something that that's the thing with straight guys? I bet you there are straight people. Oh, thanks, too. Sometime with a worst taste, I bet you there are guys in the audience that would do Rosio Donald aren't there? No. No. Anybody? No. How much spider mice would they touch here? No. She'd be safe. Yeah, I got a great hotel for you to run on next time, Rosy. You're safe. 62 open lines in data. I want to see one time. Okay. Because this is very, this tears my guts out. To believe me? No. Well, sounds good. What are you eating? I thought we're going to get a little lunch today to celebrate our new studios. Because there's no food in the studio. By the way, that's what Maddie DeFoodnasi says. Wait till I come marching on a hall over there with the food. Can't wait to see that little mingit. See, we got too many short people with attitude in this place. Too many little tiny shrimp-y short people. Maybe buddy Nevin could join your club. The short shrimp-y people with a real nasty attitude. What do we want today? Let's have somebody inaugurate our new thing here, huh? Talks. We're going to be good today. Okay. Let's do a talk. Let's do some meatballs and stuff. Okay. And not 42 pounds of it. And no sauce in there either, all right? You know the way I like it? This is gone that day. Damn it. Don't be leaving no more. And you see, we're in big trouble. Okay. So anyway, it's funny before we're, no seriously. I mean, what's the point? What is the goddamn point? And what are we going to light up the first stogi in here too, by the way? Oh! You told them you wouldn't. I wouldn't want. And you believe that? I didn't say smoke it. They said no smoking. That doesn't mean we can't light it up. Just sit in the ash tray. Let's build a bonfire in the form. In fact, why don't we just get like some portable lips? We'll get Stephanie to come over here from Wami, huh? No, we're just getting her lips. And she can keep sucking on it on the cigar to keep the smoke going all day. And we were going to say hey, we're not smoking an air. Right? That's the way Greg Reed would do it. He tells you a lie. And then he, oh yeah, lie. You know, all like screw-in just pretending to never sit in the first place. That's her modest operand. What a surprise, by the way, that she should be such a fabricator. Since she and Greg are like to, uh, pause in your... I almost forgot you, the menu, and is dead. Oh, what's his name? If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. Oh, dry. Dress up over here. And we're going around. A turkey move is strong. Doing something weird. The turtle's hidden in the body is down. And she's got the habit of all this time. Rich and clear. And rodents meet. These are way from my distant future. When you love life, you stop as no need to suffer. Let's head down to the pet shop for another. And have a lover. Come on and talk about, Rich and Keer. Rich and Keer! Rich and Keer! Rich and Keer! Rich and Keer! Rich and Keer! Everyone's out. The mirror can't y'all by the house. Oh! Every one's out. I'm married and you're about to... Oh! It's on 47 or 5.50. If you come to China, Sam, or how is it? How does that go? He was just in here. I mean, we saw Fat Boy this morning. Sam, we're going to put you this every day. Because I'm going to go back on the second floor. Nothing we don't like seeing you, Sam, but don't like going to have it. What is that? What just happened there? Can you explain to me what is going on with this phone? Please, I don't know who you're talking to. But what is going on with this? I looked up for like one second. We had about five people sitting there waiting patiently for about like not very long. And all of a sudden they just vanished. And I got one call on the board. I'm going home. You know, I'm for this. I don't need to get out of bed. I could have stayed home and let all my bug bites heal up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. There's something with it. So didn't you just see that? I saw it. And it's what goes on all the time. They hang up. Not like that. They just go on there. You just put four people on there. Yeah. And they do it all day long. There's a mobile and North Miami Beach before they hang up. But we must be loyal to hands, Leo. And you were great last night. Let me 50 dollars. Yeah, I would. I do like that. You know what he? He's an asshole. Uh-huh. How pathetic. How sad. How tragic. That's what we got. And our brand. Welcome to Neil Banks for calls. There's new studio. Yeah. This is a lot more exciting than Neil Banks for calls down there. That's on a second foreign-to-soul studio. We got 238 lines waiting on you right now. These people are got no material today. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th to the world as well. I'm getting a plane. I've been around with a while today. I don't know what it is. Oh, something wrong with our eyes. See. Yeah, a little bit I know how fresh I was when I came here 23 years ago. And I said that's the first week. This is an outdoor funeral parlor. Of course, at that time I was on KAT over on the beach. Talk at the people over the age of 100 old Jews. A little bit I realized then. Here I am 23 years later. I mean, what it's still an outdoor funeral parlor. The only differences. People of all ages now are dead. The young, the old and between illegal aliens, whatever they are. Here's a mobile in Miami and line 7. Hello. How you doing Neil? I'm just going to give you a call. I just came back in town for a week. I live out in Texas now. And let me tell you, moving out there was a brother for a share from this place. Yeah. What about that? I was watching something like, Amy. I remember what channel it was. Was something untabled about two little girls. We got shot in Miami. And when the credits were the show was running, they had you on the front. And you on the TV talking about guns and all the stuff. I was shocked. And there in Texas watching Neil. I'm not in a rage about guns. It was interesting that it was you. They wanted where they got better. I have no idea. But I just called to tell you, it's the only thing I missed. Well, can things run? It's the ocean and listening to you on the radio. So the weather and Neil are the only two things that this town has got an air airy single working day of my life. I come in here. And I have to go through the same boring, pondress exercise of pleading these people. Pick up a phone, say something. Anything give us a hint that you might be alive. And what do I get? I get that little asshole. What do you kind? In a day. Let me 50 out. That's what I get. This is what we've got, man. This is a death now, this place. I don't miss this place. If you go wonder why I get on a plane. I drive by the airport. If I see a plane that's going to be leaving in a few minutes. I just drive right in. Give me a ticket. Just take me somewhere. Please. Let me tell you one thing I know. That's what they did. Don't be a studio. Some other someplace else. Not up here on the third floor. Another town would have been good. Another city made by the country. Exactly. Let me tell you. The one thing of the thing I noticed too is when I'm driving or even going through a restaurant. People are just friendly here. Yeah. It took me all of five minutes. I'm in a hotel in Toronto this weekend. Even with the bed bugs. And the maid. Everybody in the hallway. You walked down the hall. And I get you to another day. Good morning. David, I'm getting you in the elevator. People and you never saw me before. Don't think. You know there's in. Not all those big rooms. It's different. On young streets. There's in. Well, OK. Yeah. It's right. Even if you didn't give me a dirty look. They still say something nice to you. You know, making a kgelty. Good for me. The mt. I keep saying it and saying it and saying it about half the shit in order to preserve my sanity because I know it's a fact not just me if I turn it personally I'd blow my brains out All right Mia. I'm gonna stay there. Oh no, and have a great day pal. Good luck There's a guy in Texas. How come we have we seen line eight ring yet? We had a call online eight See whenever we're gonna get line eight to ring unless we get we got someone's in the middle there Just for the fun of it, okay. I want to see all eight lines. This will be a first in the history of this show At least on this station. How many lines did we have an IOD? 10 We had 10 lines Three day three-brower two mobile and two eight hundred we had 10 lines On I The Twenthal had the wait on hold for like 45 but they did and they did This crowd on this station. Of course we didn't have 25 minute commercial breaks and I would do like we do here all spots Radio we didn't have that But here we've we've trained them not to be patient because they know that no matter they'll die before they'll get on the air Because we got these long pond risk breaks because with screw-in. Oh, you said you do 45 minutes of spot-in-hour Okay, screw-in whatever you say just make it up as you go along sweetheart. Those are the broadward lines by the way that we need to People to call to make line eight. Yeah, line eight will ring if you want what's going on when you ask holes in broadward for Christ 8 We never have open lines in broad We're trying to get lines six lines seven and line eight for a first in the history of this show on his station Can't do it Well, I'm getting the facts though. You know I like that. I like this out of that facts. Wow. I got a I got a twitch in my rectum I heard that Because now the facts is in this studio so it doesn't give a George another reason to keep But running around with facts is all day nothing I could fit it in here That's right. You're gonna go room for a facts machine. He doesn't affect you can't smoke a cigar in there You're because there's no room for a cigar in there That's how small George's room is this like a goddamn Brumclos at a broomclos at his like spacious compared to that Like a nook and a cranny whatever cranny is that's what it is Broward County five six seven here's the test five six seven O five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. Well, even if you're not gonna say anything I just want to see you line six seven and eight light up here We're waiting we're still waiting I don't think this phone is working. I really don't can't possibly I mean you that are we on here There's a sound a line eight it's actually got a dial tone maybe even line nine No, no you're pushing it okay Okay line seven just keep running oh there you go you are so slow this town is just it's like why it's like it's like having a Not even watching paint right like having a dream about watching paint dry that's how boring this places Okay seven. Now we need one more one more in Broward County do it can they do it five six seven oh five sixty I don't want to talk to you. I just want to look at the full board I just want to something to take away from weo here today Not and not gonna happen Well, what what what are you pounding on the table in there for and look at that while we're waiting for line eight line three just went out Five six seven oh, are you sure line it is maybe it's Palm Beach Good one, huh? Maybe it's maybe it's four miles maybe it's the four miles line. Huh? You got a four miles line Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line We're waiting recklessly for line eight to ring the moment it rings it's gonna be one of the most exciting moments in the history of this radio station even Julie Reynolds will be impressed Is it ringing? No And line six just went out I don't want to start something suspicious okay like I believe that there could be a few glitches in this like I can't talk on either come to George And like the fact that these speakers sound like a Christy's through a mock When he went out of business they threw him out in the dumpster Line eight I bet your line eight doesn't even work I bet you it's a scam. I mean there's a dial to one on it, but I bet you incoming it doesn't even work Maybe it doesn't roll over to it like supposed to why not The audience here did it a day they rolled over maybe they're waiting for those goddamn spider bites There's a mobile and sunrise hello Mobile and sunrise all right sorry No, I have seen Neal's been about a year since I last call yeah This I just want to find out there's an award to be given to daunting for screwing everybody so royal After the fight the first thing we said well we'll have a rematch and if I okay listen call out call up one of the sports I wasn't talking about that crap okay, sir. No interest there okay after the fight See this is what America's all uh even on the even on the nightly newscast now I notice They're talking about the fight as if it's a night as if Don King and Evander Holyfield is got 127 children by 238 different women As if this rational people should be either spending money to watch this crap or to be talking about it I think the answer clearly is no they should not You know something's gonna be real nice playing music the rest of the day Hank Goldberg over here from Schuilestate to a two o'clock You'll have a lot of calls because they'll be talking about that fight I'm talking about how Miami of a floor to took it up the old Back to how my move will hire when nuts and oh Yeah, that's right. They won't be calling Hank to talk about how good that Polish kid looks from Spain while we whatever his name is While we hinnacy, oh he don't look too good Where's my meat? Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Dicerone. All right. Let's say you're eaten You're sick and entire the Pantatus and that's stole top Do like me honey eat this Dicerone Come on. It's almost as simple as you what the In bag and the In pot and you're turn on the Install you think you can manage that honey Hey, but I think I'm Things done stop remember Thank you, Donald came the town right now. No, Bonnie stuck up there the rope is that I called it thysherone Oh come on a Saturday in the 560 WQAM Here's a fact from Debbie Seattle and Debbie. I don't the Monotick is you because you're sweet heart. She's always vaccinated And she's in the regular list of purchases I've been trying for 10 minutes Line is busy. There's something wrong. So I'm so hot. What? Not true. I had a hundred you did Calls saying what but they called and it was busy when we were doing the test But this was before that. Oh well, how can that be they're using the same phone system in the other studio there for the other shows right and So can't be It can't by the way the market's up 70 points in the next X up 31 is the now gonna do 10,000 today No, oh boy. It's gonna get close. Is that you think it's gonna close? No Nice going on a caterpillar stock or stock neons good real good. How is it possible for any one person to pick somebody crappy stocks and I don't just do it out of the air, you know I do it based on bad advice like that. Hilton. That's really oh yeah. That's another way So many bad bad stocks. I should be called Richter some advice you know Here's more lottery. Hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. I want sure it was me. It's you. I I'm a car carrying member of Two wing clubs here in town right trapeze two I wasn't there when I got busted and also Plato It was repeat right You know it's kind of a testimonial you mentioned when you read that article that they have six thousand members of trapeze They're very very popular and Within the places in my thousand members maybe maybe can't Jenny can have more rounded up and all put in jail Well, it's a much filled a new jail for just for the members of trapeze too exactly it's you know I mean It's my wife and I aren't exactly what you recall squangers in this trick sense of the word because we really don't get involved Especially with other couples however we very much enjoy going because it adds greatly to our sex life I mean there's a lot of the stimulation there you know you're disturbing the the sheriff I'll tell you there right now You're disturbing him now But we're not doing anything that we wouldn't do in the privacy of our own home right and we're doing it in a private club And you know it it seems to me that you know if more folks out there Maybe try this they might they might find some We'll enjoy the visit and actually improve it more for more more folks aren't going to be trying it in Broward County Because they're they're terrified that they're going to be there and they don't know who the other people are with them and some of them are going to be You know playing close it's going to be another one of these sting operations and guess what everybody close back on you're all going to jail Who now wants that? Well, you know, that's the way that the American Right, all right well at at Plato's they make you sign a form when you join that says that you're not a member of the police department Well they lie a lot if I'm doing anything on the degree they lie a lot Yeah, but I'll tell you what you know for your entertainment bus boy That's that's the biggest bang so to speak for your bus that you're going to find yeah It's it's a lot better than sitting down and watching the portals like yeah That's what you haven't seen you might actually meet some nice people too because there are a lot of nice people there You know, it would you would you want to promote these places a little bit by perhaps getting out a Website address for each of them that helps some of the folks that might be interested out there at the location Perhaps if we get enough members joining these places they'll leave them alone You have to want to stare behind some spots on the show. I'd be very happy to do that Okay, we got the open line in day six hundred and brown. I see I don't believe that I see your to I they're all over the place there's something last double this I'm telling you five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line see the lady in deer field be How can she be on one you tell me that brown is the six seven eight? Maybe the reverse time maybe the maybe the maybe they're reversed maybe they're a liver worse Maybe they're upside down maybe they're backwards maybe they work and maybe they don't you know I've gone air Greg not the 200 years off my life today Here's a lady in deer field hello. Hello. Yes, man. The mice are eating me up alive really Really I'm very happy you're doing the show. Well, what's your I didn't know you're in here The only one that's talking about I had two calls about this you want to get important. You know why you know why why people are ignorant They're morons. They're ignorant. They're idiots. They're brains have been eaten by my spider mice That's right. They're gray matter has been eaten away by spiders. I never really paid attention to what my Tour in don't they attack me yeah And well, I have an animal with this half ball. Uh-huh. I'm going ball. Right I'm putting any two. I'm putting a smudge and I don't even live in your house This is disgusting. So what are you doing about it? Well, I have to put this poison on my head, right? Yeah um The management where I live it's not a might isn't a bunk What is it? Well, that's what I said. What is it a coffee grain? What is it a pop up toaster? No, it's it's a sesame seed. It's a why yeah, it's a sesame seed It looks like a sesame seed Yeah, my house is for poverty Great they're on my clothes. Well, it would the next form you'll be ready for a small home attation again. Let's go Yeah They're on my clothes. So what do you like I said? What are you doing about it? Well, I'm demanding to be exterminated here. Yeah They don't seem to think I have a problem I don't want to know the son of a would you live in a condo? I live in a very well-known apartment complex here I would love to save the name but you won't but I won't I know Just like here we we need to exterminator and Greg Reed will not do what to say come on Greg come up with a few bucks No, we got ants crawl out of every year He has then and ever read up on what these things you can do to you? What can they do to you? What am I? Oh, you get all it a lot of people have bed allergic reaction Well, I it's the fact me or something maybe that's what started this whole syndrome that I've had these last three months These mice you know say you might have just hit on it What is what's gone? Huh? Tell me how can you if you have mice? I don't want to go through all of them Okay, well good luck sweetheart. No, there's more. Oh, that's what you think Okay, well, yeah, I'm out of time. I got a lot of commercials here. Okay, we got to get a lot of spots in 567560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line We had one guy that nobody was talking about with spider mice the first guy this morning. Oh cockroaches don't bite No, they just hit down there and they give you a big smile That's right. They say maybe I looked disgusting, but I'm real friendly. I want to have some verbal intercourse Before you're running away screaming and yelling or step on the whichever comes first Or here comes a fax listen that sound of that fax machine Woo, huh? Can't hear it can't hear it on the air. I can feel it and in fact it makes such a low Deccible kind of a rectum. Yeah, that's exactly where it gets you Hi paying temporary job at sick of the rules and regulations that govern the civilized business world Then perhaps you should join the other thugs us a letrails free well temporary service At the letrails free well temporary service you'll be trained in a fine art of employer worker relationships by Mr. Freewell and sell a safe it is to some big pack packet Asked you to send a back phone You just smile Pips a machine out of all accountable too You'll also be schooled and this just screenshots revolutionary computer technique that's something as you feel You know how to use glue this you reply I see a deal know how to do you dumbass out of what and That's the ball the letrails free well temporary service teaches all its employees This your spring well time tested salary negotiation method. What you get to hands around the next you Employees at the letrails free well temporary service can make as much as 17.3 million dollars every two years with five months Officer one people off the road with your Lexus The letrails free well temporary service call today Okay 1214 at 560 WKM. This is a dry run by the way just pretend we're not on a year We're having a few technical glitches here in there and you're used to that we are Because we work for Greg Rees So anyway, look at the seers neals balls from these see thank you Nesink after you she's working today. Thank God for her Just had our good buddy check from the sub center come in here's our on guess what their sauce in this George I'm gonna eat anyway. There's sauce on my balls George I don't want to start getting put at least he's there today. I know she has got a note on it and think she wrote Nesie balls She puts sauce on my goddamn meatballs with my cheese and onions Which I don't want any goddamn sauce but all these anyway. Don't do it again Nesie. I take back I just suck it back Okay, where are we going? I mean what what's the point of this exercise today? Honestly why don't we just phone it in five six seven oh five sixty time five sixty on a mobile one line bugs bugs wait To the first bugs they're crawling around in here, okay? And we can call up oh sure just like we were doing in the other place Here's a mobile in the geobals hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, do you okay, sir? First time long time and Just happy to get through to the show. Help you out with your Communication problems a transplant from old TO and I've been dying of phone you talk about how well the least is doing this year And ask if you get up to the new center yet not yet Oh, I Believe you should be a post office or something and I Be that's my a was a point. I drove right by again yesterday in the cab on a way to airport That pastry it over there I think right looks pretty good on the outside I'm another thing I heard you mentioned The mentality and the consciousness of the people down here is way way different I think from what you're usually doing mean when you go back up to Toronto I think you're probably the most Obtrusive person on the street rather than the the vagabonds on young streets There is just there's no threat of violence up there and you don't really get that that's safe feeling down here Almost everything's with the bad driving now even a collar is done here are dangerous Tell me what what do you chalk it up to I mean what if the consciousness of the people are just that they heat and they got too much Diet coconut head and Cuban coffee mixed in there at a Experiment that didn't work this is a failed experiment It's a place with no identity and all the losers come here. You know, so I have to assume I'm a loser too Because yeah, I'm a loser That would make me a loser as well. Yeah, but Lee at least I'm smart enough to get out every chance I get I hear you I hear you. I'm gonna be going on holidays That's a place where in soft Florida where losers but at least we admit it. Oh, no, no, no, I'm a loser 6 points keep the least behind dot or what are your feelings on that you think I'm gonna be a Just be happy, you know just be happy to finish second on the division just just keep our heads above Pittsburgh and Philly That's all for Philly by the way loving games dinner roll without a win On Roger Nielsen he's gonna be candidly day now What I was watching the game yesterday they they said that they were gonna go with him for the rest of the year and if the team fails It's gonna be basically up to the team prodding when I tell you he'll never make it to the end of the year try every time they say that that That's history Did you see the fight to the beginning of the gaming? I don't see any of it now. Oh, I've I never seen a hockey game start like this In the years have been watching within about 20 minutes Linger us and hatches are going at it. There's both Don't know where it's hard hockey talk man. They these people leaving the interpret They don't want you talking about No, no come on you got admit at of all the out of all the fair weather fans in this town the hockey fans are probably the closest to being real Oh, no, but no the hockey fans are the farthest from being they don't know anything about the sport They do show up and put their ass in a seat the hockey fans you are the worst of all the fans. They know nothing They don't have Eric Lindros from America Strada I thought I said I had the least game where you wearing that blue jacket over there someplace Yes, sir. I was trying to write day. It's good talk any of you're killing is your okay. Have a great day I know terminal okay 56070560 Ponce he admitted in pound five 60 on a mobile one line killer not that we're going anywhere anyway We're dying and Georgia is just checking on let me ask you one thing we were one floor beneath We were on the second floor for 14 months And the phone I mean not that it was ever great to begin with but we had some idea of where the calls were coming in the same phone number Am I right? Yes Yes, now we move up here to the third floor where everything is kind of like ask backwards and we got a few a little I can't speak to Georgia any other combat got you know some bugs need to be alright a line eight doesn't roll over at all And like you're telling me that they come in the wherever Right Why why I don't know the same phone The same god then instrument is not at the phone sounds So what better crack getting their piece of fire garbage? We had down that it works just feedback sound that you used to get down stairs Yeah, when the call wasn't hot enough. Well, that seems to be gone So you went some you lose some Sounds so much better trust me. We'll straighten the other crap out later No, here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello Yeah, are you today? Okay, sir. All right You're talking about my people I'm talking about what might you have spider mice. Okay, well you They have best mice you're familiar with those two. They're what does it? Does it might right? I was I just had an allergy test and If you're not familiar with those allergy test, were they they poke you and a test your body or what you're effective to and I had one that's Mike It was a huge wax right on the back And it's a touch it so I'm a I'm going to allergic to this stuff my whole life. I didn't even know it Right, and what do they want? What if that's my first I guess or just microscopic little insects who They live on dead skin great, okay, so you come under my body I know those huh when you flake at night and all the if you're in your dog they live off the dogs You know, so it's no that's what happened you can't get rid of unless you you have to Watch your clothes and really hot water your sheep and hot water and yeah, and I'm Went to the elevator you can't you feeling sand because it blows all the dust up and everything So it's okay open your window so you like living it you're like a better boy Nicholas, but I I've been taking I get shot and I've been taking medication and it's I have no effects anymore We're not surprised you'll feel with them, but I doesn't affect I'm going to that allergy I was gonna go to one last week, but I'm sick and tired of going to doctors. I'm gonna go one this week It's they they Impose your body without whatever it is, you know No, I don't think they but the new guys they don't do them or they do a blood test They don't do that anymore. I have to look past a No, I had a blood test and then they set me to an allergy and then what they do is if you're allergic to They say that's Mike whatever it is. They actually Don't your body with it and if you're affected with it you it's well, but your body with one with a dust might Yeah, I think they went around with a net catching him You know with if you're allergic to shellfish if you're allergic to grass, you know the weeds outside and all different things all different foods and then Yeah, whatever you Or just a giraffe down here and definitely if you And whatever you're allergic to they continue giving you to your your bodies immune to it and you'll have it in one Okay, okay I'm talking about Hawkey hockey. I hate hockey. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Oh, okay. I told you they all hate hockey down here They don't want to hear about it. Don't be killing my show that he's hockey calls, okay? You know, I was also thinking that over the weekend. How did I ever stay on the year with all those hockey shows we used to do? I don't want to mention a names Especially since he's out of town on the west coast trip, but one thing about those hockey shows Stop. I mean Jesus Christ. How did I stay on here? How did I keep my job? How did I keep any seriously Not that the shows were bad, but these people I had to have no interest in honorable we're talking about See if this was like a normal place We would have already had a hundred different people calling with stories about that blue houseboat That Kuman and shot himself in and about the caretaker and all of those things, you know that whole episode I mean that was a very bizarre period of time in the history of this town and it happened less than two years ago In fact, I'm back in the book here. Let's see a Gianni July 15th, 1997. That's when he off Gianni there Right and when he left California by the way Kuran was telling all his buddies how he hated Versace like poison and etc. and so on hated him Because he was a self-made millionaire and he was this and that and he was, you know, and all the things that he wanted but couldn't get hated them We're talking crystal meth today. We had any calls about that about Huh? Oh, we had a couple of crank calls, George. That's the wrong crank Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I don't know Haven't been a good one. I know that. I'm going to check a NECU, but for the boss on my balls, NECU, God damn it That acting site that you uh that you uh go on. I'm doing it right now. Yeah. You doing it right? Yeah, it was it How been on in a week and I have a lot of pounds. Yeah. I mean, you're going to wrong them. What am I doing wrong? I have a how about how the Lionel? I have eggs in a morning baking, burger in half the news and Chicken at night. Yeah, eating bread with a burger? No. Eating um, uh, a drinking cafe in Minnesota's with caffeine coffee? No, I got all out. Who's? No. No boo. No boo is today hard. No boo is Now McIrle is so good. If I go in half McIrle's and have a burger without the bun. Of course not. It's something about ketchup a little bit sugar. No, I don't have the ketchup. It's just a plain hamburger. That's How can you eat that? I'm on the road all the time. And you just eaten a plain McDonald's burger with nothing on it? Yes. Oh my god. Oh, please. Go get yourself some fish food. You'll feel better. Okay. You'll have a big smile on your post. 5 6 7 5 60 pump 5 60 the next guy calling it by the way that went to see Dr. Bernstein. No. All the ever that nation's he call. I've been thinking about that guy every single day at least once today. It pops into my mind. Is that guy ever going to call us? No. You bastard. You prick. I mean, I said, and this guy had to be making it up. He don't know Dr. Bernstein from Arthur Rubenstein from Leonard Bernstein and they're both dead. By the way, did I mention you gave him a menu and how do you pronounce his last name? The old the Jew violinist. Don't you know who that was? You wouldn't know but a few days ago about violence. Here's the South Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. I totally agree with you on the planet and story. These people, they're obsessed with taking pictures. I don't want to the mansion. And that's all they want. They just want to go with the blood is the fact is the Miami Beach police had numerous chances to catch this person. They did not find this. He gives his passport with his and signs as real name at the pawn shop. Well, we didn't have a computer system back then. It was sitting around on a desk somewhere. Well, the other side of it is they did nothing to put out the pictures in the different gay bars. This guy had been seen. That's right. They did nothing. It was not only here, but it was a complete trail that started in San Diego and these people are like Jeffrey Trail. They're in cop. At Penn Houston Minnesota, right? Every police division, every state he went to had an opportunity and they blew it. I mean, this guy was, you know, he's not a genius. He could have been caught numerous times and they blew it. The only reason that they got excited about catching this when he killed somebody famous, then they started getting real interested. Oh, absolutely. The whole thing on the houseboat when this guy comes and finds them and they were thinking about not giving them the money. That was incredible. You know, they were actually saying, well, we don't know if we should give them the money because he was already dead when we got there. I thought what they should have done is given them the money in his passport back and said, you can only have the money if you go back where you're game for. That would have been good. Have a great day, pal. All right. Say how to a Andrew. How's Andrew Kianan doing? Oh, geez. You won't see him no more. Open line and I would definitely say that. I got to cure myself of doing that. Open lines all over the place. We got 400 lines 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. That's part of the problem. By the way, Debbie did Debbie ever call anyway? Did Debbie call? No. No. Coast is clear now, Debbie. You can call. We got 400 open lines for you. All right. This is she Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere. Then new Rogers. Are you in search of a high paying temporary job at sick of the rules and regulations that govern the civilized business world? Then perhaps you should join the other thugs at the Latra all-sprie well-temporary service. At the Latra all-sprie well-temporary service, you'll be trained in the fine art of employer work and relationships by Mr. Springwell himself. Let's say if it is, it's something big, big, big, big, big. Act is you to send a thanks ball. You just smile. You have to machine out the wall and tell him you will too. You'll also be schooled in Mr. Springwell's revolutionary computer technique. That's something that acts as you if you know how to use with it. You reply. I should have said no how to throw you dumb ass out of wood. And best of all, the Latra all-sprie well-temporary service teaches all its employees. This is your Springwell's time-tested salary negotiation method. What you get your hands run and make you cloud concentration. It's your way. In Pony-E's at the Latra all-sprie well-temporary service can make as much as $17.3 million every two years with five months off to run people off the road with your lectures. Oh hey, wait, just get my car. I won't kill you. The Latra all-sprie well-temporary service call today. I know I just played that but I dropped off the beginning in the last time and you weren't bringing any attention anymore. 1232 at 560 WQM a lot of useless facts including Debbie who fact is again. And Debbie I guess was trying to call when we were doing our little test and there is no line of it. It exists there but doesn't roll over. That's the reason Debbie so our phones aren't as bad as you talk. Although they are right now, 5605056 on the mobile one line. Mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hang in. Yes sir. Debbie on a mobile has a fact machine now. That's not the same Debbie. Oh okay. I pray. Yeah right. So um yes. Do you give money to these guys in the street that are begging with their little signs and what time do I do not? Well I pull into this gas station at Lannick and 441 and I get out the guy comes walking over and maybe I get out of the guy and I'm a little like guy. He goes, can you, can you, can you, can you, can you, can you, can you come to the yesterday? You know if she sends a few chains I just got, I just got off work and I need to, I need to, I need to write for the bus. They said oh boy. How far now I'll walk off boy. I go okay where do you work? You go, you go to, uh, he won't let me get that's what I thought the other. You know, I'll just send her to these people. Yeah. Sometimes they do depending on my mood. I don't like it. No, I don't know, depend. But uh, I don't like it. I don't like being confronted especially in what I'm in my car. I don't like coming to it like a, you know, a stop light. Right. And have some real scumbag dangerous looking uh, rotest thing out there. Oh, there. There, there, licked. Right exactly. Um, the thing was usually men you in. That's what I said. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was a great one. But nobody had to start it. Those are there. Why is only a few old Jews know that? Well I'm at old. I'm a Jew. I'm a violin. This kind of guy. Oh, you're a violin guy. Well, that's because of itself. Also, I think I have a problem with you because so maybe you think that you have one with me. My name is, my name is Mitch. I'm not the Mitch that you hate from Hollywood. Yeah. But a few weeks ago, a few months ago, you would give away all of them, brothers, tickets. And I still never got them in the mail. So like I have a couple days after the concert. I'm wondering, well, maybe they didn't send them to you because they thought that I was Mitch from Hollywood. So just to let you know, you got them after the concert? No, I never even got them at all. No. So, but anyway, I still love you listening to every day and have a good day. They suck anyway. You don't want to see them. Yeah, you're okay. Yeah, they're burned out. Okay. Five six. Yeah. Well, got six hundred open lines. Five six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six. We're talking spider mice today. By the length case, you must have been getting them to show. That's our topic today. Spider mice dust mice. That's our topic. You think we're going to exterminate awareness joint? No. She might have hit on the lady that was babbling before with the she might have hit on something really big though. Maybe that's the problem. Maybe I should go to the goddamn alleges. Do you think I will? Might. Line seven is ringing. WQAN. Wow, you think me have cold? Yes. Wow. Hey, why are you trying to find line seven? We never used to have a line seven. Yeah, I like this new system. Dury, I know. New system of one. The first. We have no calling. There's no waiting for it. Listen, Neil, I was I was reading the my mural sports this weekend and they had a little article about Rod, Rob Need to Meyer. Yes. He had a little caption in there. I guess it's for little kids on what you should be doing. Why do they keep quoting him? That's what people on that team, a guy who is an undergraduate cheever, a guy who goes out there is in Lala Land. Why do they keep quoting him? You're going to love this. He must have nick of pictures of David J. Neil doing Michael Russo. There you go. He said his recommendation would be for kids to take up. Gosh, what is it? No, no, no. When did he call the ballery and the dancing when you own skates? Ballery and dancing. Whatever. They got the little facts up that the guys think you're skating. He said take up figure skating. It'll help you skate. I think you still figure skating out there. He has been for six years. I got to kick out what I thought you would do. I can't figure him. I'll tell you that and I can't figure why they keep why do they keep quoting him and he's newspaper articles. What is wrong with them? I think he's doing Goldie. Probably nobody also speak to him. That's probably the real reason. He's doing Goldie. Okay, thank you. The good news. By the way, the good part of it is, we can actually get into our studios here without having to see Goldie ready at him. Can't we? If you don't look in the window. Well, I mean, as you come around that corner there. Oh, yeah, you don't have to look. I'm not going to look back there. In fact, I'm going to wear blinders. I'm going to borrow. I'm going to call my good friend Wally, Hennessy, and Pop it, oh, park. Get some blinders to put on. They maybe I can get one for the other sides so I don't see Greg Reed. Boy, does he look? Oh, it looks horrendous this morning. Pop this head in the door and I said, hey, Greg, where is the rest of you? Seriously, he's a mess. The man is the sloppiest thing I have ever worked for in my life. I mean, bear us. I'm humiliated. If you get about the fact he's a bozo, we can set that aside. But he just looks so slumpy. No, he's a slumber. 567. Oh, I got the meatball, my throat. Oh, I can, I can just say buddy, you never had a big column. Fang tacos, chokes on balls on the air. Delicious. And quit putting sauce on my balls and he's a goddamnit. Didn't I specifically say, or am I losing? Huh? You said. Wouldn't have that line in that work? No balls today. Howard, you're going to be sitting no balls. You just got that. And they're always great when you have that little piece in there and it pops right back up again. Like when Greg almost took on the piece of basil, you know, it's on you and soup. It's a bay leaf. Like I said, and I bay leaf and his onion soup. 22 before, one at five, 16, WQM, the hangover show from shoals into a clock just watching line for drop off there. I'm going to play an elixir. I understand we're pushing you. We're in our new studios. We're having a few little minor glitches, which really have nothing to do with the show, which sounds great. So they tell me, we're pushing you too hard today. When we come back after this break, we'll put some nice relaxing music on. I'm not going to keep pushing these numbers out. I don't want to bother because it's the beginning of the week. You must have had a tough weekend. Maybe you lost some money on some stupid ball games somewhere. I don't know what to deal with, okay? But it's obvious that I'm not interfering with you in German a life, but I don't want to do that. Hey, when you're ready, Estebaris Sagerna, oh, there's... Mmm, look at that. Woo! A beauty. Oh, that was a nice little piece that just popped out of there. Peace of say the effort. I'll be swinging, not your average time. I'll be swinging, cut. I like my job a lot. I'm going to be fine to be you, place where the actual number starts. Oh, the swing cop baby. My mom used to dress me up. On the swing cop baby, I found a bunch of way to be so. We're gonna be messing everybody. It's a hard in too much fun. I'm gonna call the police. But that's not the only thing I like to call. I will film this for him. He was my kind of man. And I like him for all of my feet. Oh, my dad's so awesome. I got you giving him. So awesome. And your legs were spread. I'm going to Hollywood Way and they get everyone in the community safe on the swing. The swing cop, the drink was green club memories home. So 45 at 5.60 WDC. But this thing's moving along like lightning. And it's floating along. Mark it's up only one. 51 points. And I think it's up 28. But that was up only 51 points. That's too good. Not gonna make it today. Here's a mobile and color range. Hello. Yeah, sure. Got a cure for dustmights. Yeah. Dude, I'm a dustmights. Who has dustmights? Dude, I don't know who's got dustmights. Get out of here. Got a cure for dustmights. Two open lines a day, two and a rowers. Did you believe that? I got spider mights, baby. Spider mights in a hotel last night. Saturday night. Bit up my arm like a goddamn piece of raw beef. And this guy's giving me dustmights. 5.60, 705.60, a mobile one line. Here's a lot of hell. Hello. And you're how you doing? Okay. That's good. Struggling. Love that last song. Struggling. Wow. See, Lane. I was working on some new material this weekend. Yeah. That's what I say to Jeff. Will you flood your packing? Okay, there you go. There's a new material. Here's a mobile and a four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay. I've played on this. stubby? No, this is robber. Oh, sounded like stubby. Almost brought my lunch back up there for a second. Listen, I'm just calling me, but I usually listen to you show you every day, but I don't really call for it. I have to immediately come on and say, and robbing me into my estate that you should learn the biggest day. Is that guy doing anything about hockey? Even in high school, we used to take pictures dating lessons. The girl would come into our ice. And for two hours, we would practice a lot of different things. It's all for them being able to balance and everything. Right. That's right. If you do it like robber, then you can play like a gorilla. No. Hey, man, I go back to John Ratelle, Vick-Hap. You hit a line of hair about that. Okay, great. Soon as they start that crap with all the old names. Okay. Call up default and reminisce about Eddie Jackman. Okay. Go jack with Eddie. 560, 50560, Pound 560, animal. What's he like about the colors? How many good, we had a good call yet today? And we had one? No. Maybe the guy from Toronto. He was pretty weak. I mean, we had anybody that had anything. I think my accident that all that 900 year old woman I was talking about, the mic, she was pretty good. She was entertaining at least. I'm serious. This is the place for losers. I raised my hand. I'm a loser because I work in I live here. I'm a loser. I don't care if I make $40 billion here. I'm still a loser. Wayne Hypinga. Here's your guy's got more. He's got a billion dollars. He's a loser. We're going to have a public stock. Okay. Yeah. That's a loser. What is it? 13 bucks this year. See, I could complain about caterpillar all I want. But thank God, I saw my Republican 25 and made about 50 cents on it. Thank God. So you let me give you a little advice. Okay, about stocks. And this kind of from a Shemakhu knows nothing about money. Who's always this up and wrong? I always dig when I'm supposed to Zag. But let me tell you one thing. All these newsletters, Lewis Rukizer and Valued Line. And all these other experts. Okay. First of all, if you read 10 of them, you get 10 different opinions about the same guy dancing. And secondly, it's like the old, you know, throw the dart at the wall. Follow. That's what I'm going to start doing. Like they had the chip picking stocks here a couple of years ago against the guy who's supposed to be an expert. And for a long time, the chip was doing better. What I'm going to do is I'm going to like, you know, just leave a newspaper. I'm going to put a bunch of names of stocks. I'm going to leave a run on house. No one might have a little dog. You know, you know, seriously, when he's just in the right mood, play wherever he drops the pile, I'm dropping a bundle of my own on that stock. There you go. I'm going to let Tiny start picking stocks. I guarantee he wouldn't pick no goddamn caterpillar, Derek. Oh, sorry. He still pissed off a Derek about that. But in Jerry's aren't you? Yes. Don't do it again, Derek. I know the right people. Oh, he knows the right people. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, do you tell you that you got bit by spider mic? Spider mic, don't bite, do they? Do they? Well, is that not having the order contrabusiness and uh, I know spider mic attack plants. They don't attack people. So then what is this? So what does that bite? I don't know, but it wasn't spider mic. Bed bugs. And I have heard that expression. But what is a bed bug? What is that? Uh, bed bug is a bug that gets in your bed. Well, you're sleeping. Yeah. Well, what kind of a, what kind of a, is it like just any kind of bug, like a particular bug? Well, it's an erected. So I guess it's a picture of a bug. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Just gotta tell you that. So it's not spider mic. Can't be spider mic spider mic attack like palms and plants. So they attack, they don't, I don't kill them all day long. They don't attack me. Well, keep killing them, man. You got it. All right. There's a guy that's killing spider mic. Wonder where not getting the response we're looking for. We got a bomb steer. It's bed bugs. There's not no system is a bed bug. That's just some stupid, uh, you know, somebody came up with it. Let's have, let's have like a scientific name. Let's give the bug a name, okay? Like walley. I wouldn't mind getting good by walley, huh? Oh, there he goes again when that's bad stuff. That's right. That's right. I'm, I'm going to go right up there to Miami of Ohio, baby. Is there such a city? Is that really where it is? University of Miami of Ohio, of course, that is you idiot. There's a Miami of Ohio. Well, what do you mean you guess? Of course, there's a Miami of Ohio. There's a Cuba Idaho. Perfect place for you. We just like going back to Montana again. I want to put in Cuba and one in Montana. Huh? Talk about a big stretch for a midget. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I was just going to tell you what that's about. Joe and Dad, that's part of my son on plan. So, we'll time you and I've never heard of him. Well, that guy who calls in the first hour of the show doesn't always ask from our elbow from his spider. He would know how his spider had might bite him on a neck. Yeah. But speaking of the stocks, well, you just get a few mutual funds. I have some. Because that's that. I have a lot of them. They're doing very well. Yeah, like the Janice 20 fun. And that is heavy into Dell and some other ones. We're like the Dorothea, like the driver's appreciation fund. There's a good fund. Oh, yeah. And Vanguard has a nice one. How can I tell you an outfit that's got the crappiest mutual funds is that Smith Barney, okay? My mother turned me on over the years ago and they got about, I can't tell you how much a lot of my money into the worst mutual funds. And because I like the lady over there in Hell and Dale, I haven't transferred it. Huh? Get out. I should get out. That's what that's about. He does those mutual funds are slower than a God damn tortoise. After three of the corners and you don't see anything, especially with this kind of market, get out. I'm like, I'm doing it. I'm doing it. So, I get home today. I'm going to do it. I'm going to back to Kong. I'm going to see this guy call me on here today. And to the way that he's going to get the hell out. But I don't own down. But I don't know. I got a Solomon Smith party to stick away the Mundo. And I got the worst guy damn mutual funds I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. But you pick up a couple of magic stuff. I'll get those up. I'll get one at a point. They're down the sink. You know? Yeah. I don't know who he's at. Get out. Okay. Thanks. Back to me. I'm leaving now. I'm going to go come. I broke her. That was up 62 points. It's going to make 10,000 today. No. But it's kind of aging back in that direction, baby. It's kind of like the Y2 casing. Kind of like that same deal all over again. Although that has to do with something real with computers. But in this case, I mean, it's just a number. You know, whether it's 99, 98 or whether it's 10,000 or two, it's all psychological. And of course, what did does get over 10,000? One or two things are going to happen. Because then you have that tech mentality. Either everybody is going to jump on the bad way. All of the sky, so limited, really is going to go up to 18,000. Or then they're going to start telling like crazy. Right? Does anybody really know? No. No. It's all fixed. Remember when Ted David called from CNBC that day? I'm a show. I think he was trying to tell me. It's all fixed. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? OK, sir. I know you weren't at the hockey game side or next. That didn't see you. But I was not. I don't know if you heard about Robbie Neetermai had a breakaway and it was him against the net. And the net one. Right. Unbelievable. He's a bruise of breakaway within empty net. It was it. He was all by himself 12 feet away from the net. Hey, miss. Hey, miss. Sorry, eight feet away. And he missed the net. We're trading dead line. Yeah, he did. How to hear. Eight days. Get him out of here. Nobody wants him. Don't want him. Tell him it's taking Nicky with him and get out of here. Ha ha ha. We love you, Robbie. Just go away. That's right. Go away, Robbie. Don't take it personally. Right. I'm going to West Coast. Get there out there in Vegas. Plung in their brain job. And TM says, all right. tomorrow, I'm going to have to step up a little bit more. Yeah, no kidding. TM, pretty profound. All these youngsters in your organization, if we wait a minute, they all flew it long enough. They're going to be all farce in your organization, like Kirk Mueller. Old useless men. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. There isn't a chance in hell. We're going to make a dual tour clock today. I'll tell you that. It's fun to do. It's telling me how much better we sounded our great news studio. Is anybody commented that we sound a different in our news studio? No. They're making it up. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neo, which is Mr. Murray calling, how are you? Oh, yeah. OK. That was either hammered dime Johnson. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neo, how's it going? OK, sir. This is what I call it. There are such things that that bugs. That's not what kind of a name is that for a bug. You know, usually you have a, you're right. You have a common name and then you have the proper name. And it is a type of might and I am at a loss for the actual proper name. Oh, we don't need the name. But what the story was? I thought it was kind of a phrase to tell you. This was one of your hotels that you normally say. And when you were up in Toronto, you were? Yeah, it was. All the time. OK, so I'm sure it was a pretty classy joint, right? Right. Usually, you know, bed bugs are around from some pretty sloppy laundering habits to be honest with you. Oh, huh. Yeah, you know, you know, the day live off of, you know, I think I heard somebody mention before the flaking of skin and all that fun stuff. They had that right. They just had the wrong index. But I might start definitely outside non-trubrie. But yeah, the bed bugs definitely can live in, you know, sheets actually sometimes in the mattress itself, pillows, anything along those lines. So, you know, that could, it could, it didn't really live little well-sign and almost like a flea bite. But can they, it could be one? I said they do. We'll leave little well-sign you a little bit smaller than what a flea bite. No, one of them marks is a scratch along scratch. Can they make a mark as well? No, they don't have like claws or anything. No. No. I don't know where you got scratch from. Same thing, same spot. All happened the same night, Saturday night. Huh, where you got that? No, I was in bed sleeping. Can you woke up in the evening? I woke up yesterday morning. I'm shaving an icy like blood on my wrist and on my arm, just a little traces of blood. And I look and I went, yeah, what's that? All these little bites and plus a scratch. I think it's a spider. Well, maybe you scratch yourself scratching the bite. No? No, the bites don't itch. No, it's a scratch like an insect makes. That's why three hours now I've been trying to find out what kind of an insect gives a bite or makes a long scratch that you can actually see. I'm, I'm trying. It's a spider. Good, it's a spider. I mean, spiders look thing and they well-sign. Do you look bigger? Are they bigger? They're small, well. The bites? Yeah, small. Are you getting a well-built, like a small? No, it's going away. Got me, man. I don't know. Okay. 18, 18, bug, I guess. Yes, yes. Okay, thanks. It's Canadian bugs, eh? Back one of them popped a chin through my skin. How's it going, eh? Canadian butt, bed bugs. Everybody's got a story. You see what I mean about this show? No matter what it is, I bring up. Everybody's got it even just like my L.L. Mets just like everything you name. Everybody's got a story. Now this guy's not a pretty knowledgeable. But once I got to this scratch, oh, wait a minute, that's not the right kind of bug. Bed bugs can't scratch, you give scratch to yourself, like in your sleep. You don't understand, first of all, I had no fingernail. Secondly, you can see I've had those before. It's about an inch long, or at least three quarters of an inch long scratch. You can see it in there. I can see it. God damn it. And then these little tiny bites up here, including the why show, did it at least like two little tiny teeth marks. I think it's cockroaches. Then the guy called before it's a cockroach is don't bite. Well, they bit my ass. This is my ass. It's my arm God damn it. And why the hell they bite your ass beats me? Maybe that was like cool carboxy. Maybe it was a Cuban cockroach. 1257 is about 60. Maybe these are French Canadian. Maybe I got in the wrong room. These might be French Canadian. The bab bab bab. Oh, that's what it could be. God damn it. You know, this is the thing with life. You ask a simple question. You think it's fairly simple. And all of a sudden it becomes big, saw an advanced and complex. And everybody's got a thousand different answers. Not about you're probably right, but it sure kills some good time. Oh. It's still one, it's a flower. That was a flower. I've never heard of a single one. Four years ago, you gave me your nominated to be by-product. Look at this is a sunbrow. I've been watching you from that Mata Raina on GalVision. And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you. The Albor version of Mata Raina. I am not trying to keep you close. I'm not going to do the same. I'm not going to do the same. Mata Raina. I'm not going to do the same. Mata Raina. Would you like to see it again? No. I'm going to move your emotional. I'm going to move your emotional. You're a human, you're a human. You're a human. When you are a alarm, you go to the office in the morning. Mata Raina. And one of your children, reaching for zero, and it's Bruce. Mata Raina. Mata Raina. Mata Raina. Mata Raina. Mata Raina. Mata Raina. Okay, Mata Raina. Who's more boring? And look at the solar aroud gaur. It's a toss-up. By the way, interesting. It's a great coincidence that I'm reading this book about Andrew Quinnann. This vulgar favors. Because he was crazy as a dead book. Okay, where we going? No, he is. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Miami Beach. Oh. Yes, sir. Don't believe all these idiot people like that. I don't believe anybody that calls this guy. Okay. What you had was a white spider bite. A white spider. Yes. A white spider bite. My name is having exactly a black spider. No, no, no. It's a white spider. My name is a white spider. And my name has the same thing. She had a long scratch and two little marks. Really? And her arm blew up like a balloon. Well, that was your logic. Thank God I wasn't allergic to him. Okay. He was. She went to the doctor. And he told her was a white spider. And they're very, very common. Well, this is happening, New York. This was in Toronto. Which ain't that far from New York. It's right across Lake Ontario. It's a white spider. He said they're very, very common. And people have different reactions to them. Yeah. How long blew up like a balloon? Can you imagine if my arm would have blown up like a balloon after all these other things. I haven't gone through. I really thought it was that was it. Wait, don't worry. Not that bugs. It's not spider bites. Oh, white. God damn spider. Oh, yes. God bless you, sir. Thank you. Okay. Have a great day. There we go. It only took three hours and five minutes. Finally. Finally, we get to the bottom of this whole bug thing. A white freaking spider. How do you like that? God. Now was the black widow. Maybe that's what it was, huh? It was the black widow. You ever see a black widow? Open line in day one and a braward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five. See, I'm not hearing myself right. I don't like the way to show is today. It doesn't sound right to me. You know, I don't want to complain because the studio is, you know, nice or full. There are walls. You've got to admit this. And then Sam, what a joke or he is. He walks into his, oh yeah. This looks like you're old I O D studios. Yeah. He was hiding his shovel. It was right behind his back. Yeah. As you said it. This was about, this is about as sterile as the inside of a guy Dan oxygen tent. These rooms. We need to do something that's first to get a, get all our stuff upon the walls. Get our blow up doll and re-cating up there in a wall. Where the hell we all? Where's my, oh, thank God for that. I thought I'd do my to stole on this. Okay, where we going here is, I was at Cajor, Cujo, Huskujo doing too many saves, Cujo, too many shots. Here's Cajo key. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Just wanted to give you the, correct name for the, bed bug. Yeah. It's Phoenix, Black two larius. Yeah. It's a number of the hemeptra from Aphrodite family. Yes. Uh-huh. And it's about one fifth of an inch long, unpleasant smelling, black and reddish brown. And it eats only blood. Hmm. The thing that eats the, the plucks of your skin is the, that's might. And you've, as you found out about the spider might. The white spider. The white spider might. The white spider. The white spider. The white spider is the one that probably did you, the spider might here on plants. Right. And I think George is right about cockroaches. I've been bitten by one. Oh yeah. Sorry. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. No, I agree with that. They do buy it. I mean, just because the one guy there in the bed, these people say anything. We had 6000 calls on only wish we had 6000 calls this year. Since we've been here. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T while it's not so we've narrowed it down to the white spider or the white spider is what we've narrowed it down to. Okay. What are we going to do about it? Isn't it too long? I mean, it's not a big problem. It's just that when you're sleeping in a hotel and you're spending money, you know, in a pre-decent place, not a flop house, not a flea bag joint. You don't expect to have bugs crawling around. In a place that's supposed to be a little bit. See, the problem is I sleep. I have to always sleep by my right side. I can't sleep by my left side for crap. Huh? I just can't. I'm comfortable. Don't most people sleep by one side. So 95% of the time I sleep on my right side. And this hand is always like under the pillows. You don't want to say it. So if the bugs, if all these things are crawling around like way underneath, you know, under the pillows and way there the head of the mattress. Sure enough, they come up to take a peek and there's a nice big hammock of an arm. Stick it out. Right there, you're waiting for him to take a bite. You're following it? No. I am. I know exactly what's going on. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hi, God. Yes, sir. You're talking about your six-foot ice cream? Yeah. But now it's with almond-bying. I can not. Much better. No. Okay. Go have 20 or 30 quarts. Okay. Hagen does sucks. There's another guy. Just like that stupid bitch that was connosed with her. What was that ice cream? She was peddling that awful coffee stuff. Remember? Oh, then we had all those Cubans calling him with that, Hagen does Lake Corn Lake. Whatever that thing was, you know, I'm talking, oh, God. Do you all say, yeah, do you all say Corn Du Spag? All I can say that is, that stuff was rank, rank. What do you expect from people that, you know, you horse me? What are you laughing about? You know, it's true. 56050560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Why do you think they won't close higher lea than one of those horses break down? There's lunch. For 360, you A, A. I know that the Lord even loves Neorotch. This done, I made a reason that this doesn't sound right, is that this is these are not overhead speakers. Do you know what I'm saying? These are up on the walls far away, up all over your window speakers. These aren't like real overhead speakers like we used to have both of the old IOD and even that there were a dare say a pack. That's what they had a pack. And that kind of range. But no, we did not. Wrong. They were in the ceiling over the overhead. How the hell could they have had that range going to pass it? The guy didn't window was like 20 feet away if passing. You remember he's very short. Big ass speak wrong. Wrong. All the timers check for George in the ceiling. As in, why do you think they call them overhead? Because that's what they had at IOD. That's not a real thing, by the way, real term. Which was just humor in you, I was told. It doesn't make any difference. But that's what they had at IOD. They had big ass speakers. Oh, they did. No, I'll put against the window. Yeah, 50 feet away. Wrong. All right. You're close to a personal friend out of the engineer. Max, you're good best to a friend. Yeah, he's still over there. Screwing around. He likes to smooth. He likes to, yeah, what were the three things? He liked to eat. He like to smooth. He like to screw. I think was the three. Not necessarily in that order. Kind of like this place. Oh, now that we're up here, we can spend a lot of our spare time looking for those naked pictures. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And then, which desk would I be looking into? Yeah, I'm looking for a mobile in Miami. Hello. Goodbye. Here's a mobile in temper time. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, you would talk earlier about the DSF-Ditch. Yeah. If something about the network programming is available on it, the desk is true. What I've said was that the Congress is rescinded this thing until December 31. They passed the bill so that when you're provided or in your case, direct TV, you can take a look at the network's CBS and Fox, that they now have to give them back until the end of the year. What about ABC? Not affected by it. Even I never could get anything that was on my direct TV dish. Why not? Could always say, could always say you had to, because you didn't like it. Because you didn't like it. So you got to learn how to lie. Oh, that was what it was. Call them back and said, I lied. I can't get them. You got to get them a different disc coat? That helps. Okay, but you didn't say this. I didn't say what? You got to tell me the lie. I didn't lie to them because I don't have the network sign. I small this because I already had them on the big day. So what do I need them on my small dish for? So I did not lie. So I never told the lie up until that moment. Oh. Does you want them or does you not want them? They force you to lie. They force the customers to lie. That's the way it is. Even if people want to pay for the service, they force you to lie. Just give them another zip code. That'll work. Okay, just make it up. Then they'll take your money. 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I just caught the last part of your spider deal. And I was just wondering, I've had the same problem a few times. I was just wondering if it could possibly be please. No. You know, hotel? I don't know why not if there were pets in there. I'm afraid of you. I didn't want to. They don't allow pets in this hotel. I'm the 20th floor of a hotel, please. I don't know. No. I didn't get the discussion. Maybe the maids have please. That could be it. George suggested crabs might also be in Oshita. Don't have any crabs. Oh, what's that? Oh, man. 560 50 50 50 60 Palm 50 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in a game. Hello. Great history of the bed bug. Yes. It comes from the saying sleep tight. Don't let the bed bugs bite back in the day of the early settlers. The mattresses before foam and springs. They use Spanish moss to camp on the trees. Oh, from Spain. No, no, no. I'm not. I can't imagine. I can't imagine. In the Spanish moss, they didn't bleach it or purify somehow. The And the sleep tight part comes from the fact that they put it on a wooden bed frame. But the bottom wasn't spring. It was made out of rope. It would take a stick and tighten the rope. And that's when you could see. Sounds like something that the Japanese daddy was doing. Yeah. And that's where you could see. The best thing you could see. The best thing you could see to someone back then was sleep tight and don't let the bed bugs bite. Yeah. The deal. So how come the bed bugs didn't go away when we started making like real, real, real mattresses? Well, now that may be a white spider. I have no idea what the hell's going on with that. White spider sounds good to me. Okay, man. Okay, thanks. Later. White spider maybe we got a narrowed down. It's either a white spider or a white spider or quite frankly, when you come right down. What the hell difference is to make other than the fact I should probably write a letter complaint tonight. Huh? See if I had a doctor, which I don't. I could have my doctor write a letter and then, you know, get a whole bunch of free and nights next time I go up there next to 100 times. If I had a real doctor, which I don't. Oh, and by the way, you know, I've been unfair. Dr. Mark, you were a good guy, even though you're like pretty useless. Common packed atoms. I saw a big billboard for packed atoms, so I was in Toronto over the weekend for the movie, which kind of hell can that still be shown? And there's Robin Williams with a big red ball on his nose. That's what I want. Why should I call Dr. Mark that when I can call him something little civil. Like Dr. Doolittle will be good. A more famous character, huh? Right? Dr. Doolittle. Dr. Mangal is more famous. Yeah, but this one's Italian. Here's a mobile and crawls bring, son. I don't know. Okay. This is completely off the subject, but that was wondering if you know anything would happen with the Indian circle down to Miami. You feel like they happened with it like we like one. Yeah, that's very built over here. I think they found Al Capone in there and also I think Jimmy Hopper was in it. Right, an idea for him. And I'll probably John Brown's body was in there too. Yeah, right. I'll say having museum on the bottom floor of the building for the Indians. Yeah. Have it built on top of it. Even the condolts. Oh, no, this guy is going to take, he's going to make a killing. Yeah. The county that's bankrupt, and the city that's bankrupt, somehow once they get through all the legal fees, they're going to spend wrangling in court, which is more money they'll lose. They'll find some way to screw it with other public out of some more money. And they'll pay him a giant. He'll make a lot of money. And he'll build this kind of someplace else. I don't really think they could put a museum on the bottom floor. It would be nice, but I don't know. It's the option. Just seeing if anybody heard anything. I think what that is, a scatter, myor landscape is bones. Right there on the circle would be good. Used to walk his little dog and columns out. He's a good guy, myor landscape. So he's just a goddamn infected trying to make a living living on a pension. Five, six, seven, by the way, you want to know one of the most overrated movies I was thinking about this year. So they also want to play in coming back last night. One of the most overrated movies of all time, especially by this audience. Good fellows. Huh? See this again, come, because you come away from the godfather series from the trilogy with this tremendous fascination with mob movies. And the awesome of them have been pretty good. Like what's upon a time in America, if you stand to five hours and not knowing what it meant when you get over with. That's pretty entertaining, but what does it mean? Huh? How's Ryan Bloomingdo and by the way, anybody seen him lately? No, disappeared. Vanished in a thin air. But good fellows, it was okay to see one. I was thinking about movies that you want to see more than once. Like clockwork orange. That's the movie you could see. Twenty times. Great movie. Good fellows. Once. That's plenty. When he starts doing the narration, Ray Leota. That he starts doing it. Huh? He's so annoying. He's annoying. That's right there. Oh, and then when when what's his name, Robert De Niro, when when Ray Leota's wife goes down to the warehouse. Remember, oh, you want to address his, he's got to be right in there. Just go right in there. I don't think so. Yeah, right in there. Isn't that just a little bit? And now I'm watching on TV. They're showing the trailers for the, the, the new Robert De Niro movie. It's called a, a mafia movie made because Robert De Niro was in it. That's the name of the movie. We couldn't come up with any other reason to make this movie. The one where he's going to the side, kia's wrist and it's about to confuse. Huh? With Billy Crystal. Oh, my god. Are you serious? Crystal is in it. He's the psychiatrist. It's actually about him. The movie is about Billy Crystal. The both. That damn fact. I can't stand it. God. 560 50 50, pound 560 on the, in fact, you know, it's a good thing. Koonan and often self, as he said, Billy Crystal was going to be next. Here's a mobile and cross spring. Hello, Orlando. Yes sir. You just mentioned the packs and word on paper. You out of town, so you probably didn't see it. There's an article in the paper on a Sentinel on Saturday. You know, he's a retaining a sale of his company, which is why the stock prices have been going up. What a charlotte man. What a faker. It's like he brought the travel channel on a Monday. And by Wednesday, he had sold it again. This guy's strictly a loser. An opportunist. An opportunist. And I'm not a loser for a dollar's in sense, but a human being. Quickly a loser. If you had the facts, number off, then the article will be like. 305. Right. 650. 650. Oh, 198. Oh, 198. But then it said it slowly because that, but the fact machine in this new student is right behind me. Correct. I create a buzz in my rectum and a machine search call. Oh, maybe you'll enjoy the article in more. Then that might be what does it. Have a great day. Bye. Thank you. Body bug, Jackson. Baby. He's just a wild, hostileator is all he is. Anybody want to buy some stations? No. 560, 505, 60, 105, 60 on the AT&T, wild, a smart. Good fellows. Holly overrated. Not in the same class with Godfather. Okay. Very, uh, marginal. In fact, Robert De Nero is marginal. Anybody who thinks that Robert De Nero is in the same class with Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, Robert Duval, who played Santino, what was his name? George. He's in that. No, no, no, no, be. Here we go. He's doing a show at a call. He likes good fellows. We don't care whether you like good or not. What are you arguing with the caller about good fellows? What was that? Yes, some coolers. And you look at saying what? Okay. Believe you didn't like good fellows. I didn't say I didn't like it. I said it was a movie you'd see once. I didn't say I didn't like it. I said it was overrated. Okay. God. Go back to New York. Okay. Take your obnoxious accent that the disgusting stereotypical and take the nanny back with you while you're ready. Take her to that bitch. And the thing you don't want to status is me that there's a lot of guys that think that she's hot. This to me. I mean, unbelievable. The people that think that she's hot. She's hot or with a mouth closed. Friend, she's hotter than what? Then a mottable? hotter than what? Tony Fields. Mrs Fields. Strawberry Fields forever. Oh, yes, she's hotter than hotter than tempest storm. Yeah, that's right. She ain't no 70 year old stripper with a fully vagina. 127 at five, 60 WQM. If you want the lottery recently, you're looking right now. This thing here is a little bit of a problem George. I thought this was going to be great, but this counter is so high that it's like pressing my my ribs. I'm going to have like, indented ribs. Don't press it. Take any bullsh** on there. Okay, I want 32 or 56 to 2 and lots of suspended bitten this uh, you know, we, one thing I've discovered, maybe that's why the morning show they keep getting farther and farther behind. And back to the last spot. We got somebody got them spots and promos and crap on this station that if you get like a minute or two behind, it's desperate. You don't have time to do that. No, I don't have any check for it, Brian. Well, I'm not going to be thinking about him. I get off a plane last night, 10 after 11 comes in an hour late because two assholes decided that they put the, and let me say it again. What kind of people go to an airport? Check in. They go to the checking counter. They check in. They check two bags. They check their luggage. And then they don't show up on the plane. Hi, you think they might be a little bit occupied? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think it clear on this whole thing about direct TV. I call it direct TV the other day and they told me that I had to get waivers from all the local networks and all this BS. So that's just, it's, and from whatever for me it's totally different. So you tell me I can get them now without, you know, I just call back up and tell my one of them. Well, let me read the thing you know, okay. Here's the thing. Oh, don't think we thought, half, half people we thought. They don't know the military. Anyway, a bill passed Wednesday by the Senate Commerce Committee may enable many satellite TV subscribers who have been receiving this in Never single illegally to continue to receive them indefinitely. The bill is sponsored by, so it allows approximately 2.2 million satellite TV subscribers to keep their network feed through the end of the year. It'll then cut off the important networks, signals, of all subscribers within the main broadcast signal, January 1, 2000. That's going to be your Y2K problem. You'll get him back. But in addition to which you're talking about direct TV, right? Correct. So unless you've already got them, or unless you give them a zip code out of town, or live them until you live in an area where you can't get cable, which most people do anyway if they want to networks, unless you do that, you're not going to get them. Have you ever gotten them? Yeah, I had them up to about the first of the year. They said they started disconnected from the world, but they disconnected mine, like right in the middle of the, uh, the mine, the Buffalo Playoff game. Nice. So they disconnected it. It was like a half, I said they disconnected. They get a phone call from saying you can no longer receive these, uh, is local network. Yeah. And if they're, if they're, this bill goes through and the entire Congress passes this, then we should be able to get them, you know, regardless to the end of the year anyway. Definitely. I mean, they just don't have a, when you call the, the representatives don't have a clue. Exactly. What's going on? So I thought maybe you had some more than lightning on the, I'll keep you posted. I appreciate. Okay. Okay. 56050560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Let me say it again. You ask all the, especially Alan Shacklin over there at Channel 4. This is for you. Okay. How about another one? No extra charge. I want to watch CBS if it's coming from God damn Uranus. If I'm willing to pay for it, I should be able to watch it. Okay. If I wanted to watch the guiding light on Raleigh on wherever to hell another affiliate has come out of now, I should be able to watch it. This bullcret that's somehow because I live in this area. I mean, it's bad enough that we got a living in this area. That's bad enough to begin with. Okay. For starters, it's just so anti-American. It is not the American effinway. It's just the opposite. Although, although you notice in recent years this idea of no monopolies, it totally throw out the window. Let's have nothing but monopolies, especially in radio and television. Let's let him out. I happen to have some companies buy up every goddamn radio and TV station in the world. And then the start dealing them out like a baseball cards like Paxon. Oh, what do you got? Well, I'll trade you three Mickey Manels for a stand-news. You'll end dead Williams. And destroy everybody in a business life along with it. Right Peter Bulls here. You're great robber. You backstabber. You Judas. You piece of walk and crap. You turt. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Is it a radio sound? It sounds different. Yeah, sounds exactly the same on here. Why would it sound either? It's the same microphone. It's the same board. It's going through the same transmitter. Why would it sound any different? I've found this identical. These people are giving me a polycraft. They're trying to play a site game with me. I'm too old. I've been around a block too many times. It's the same direct. I want to add to the bug thing. Like our copy in here. It's all the same old direct. Yes, sir. George is absolutely right. Your large household variety. Roach. German Roach. No, no, no, the large ones. They call them pop metal bugs because it's not really a pop metal bug. It's a large one. Right. That one will bite you. Okay. I had a luxury car early 70 model and the McAluang story short. It nodded whole through the seat of the car. I had more traps than a mid farmer. I thought it was a mouse. Yeah. And I let the window down. Well, there was something. There was like a little glitch in the phone connection. There was almost like the phone company believed that one. Yeah. Good timing. Yeah, that was good. Nice going Larry, McSony. Larry's got sitting down. He's got a finger on it. Larry Nixon and Nixon. Whatever his name is. And buddy, you're never interested in there together. They each got their finger on it. Oh. They're having consulting sex. Oh, no, no, why is this guy doing this? I don't need any reviews of the godfather. I don't need any. Oh, why do you waste our facts paper? You jack as you. Now, I got to get this crap back here on a fax machine. Every all I got to do is even think about the name of a movie. And right away, this guy's faxing me. I don't need any more information about the godfather. Okay. I never knew no godfather. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. It's just like, I don't know. I started tomorrow. We're doing a do-holo thing. Okay. We're just going to run all the spots. Huh? So, we're coming at start at 10 o'clock. We'll run through all the spots. And then after that, we'll just go home. Because that's all they care about here. If you get like, if you get five seconds behind here, you're screwed. You've had it. There's no chance. You don't get to take a guy damn breath. You can't even come up for oxygen in this guy damn joint. So the verse is in, the studio sounds exactly the same. The caller sound the same. The quality of the calls have been exactly the same of course. And the volume as well for a Monday. The only thing that changes is that guy damn fax machine is back here. Grinding away, grinding and grinding and grinding. And he's an LLL, and he's looking more God's office. Stop wasting our paper, you asshole. Jesus Christ, how many trees did they have to chop down to keep this guy going? Yes God. Oh. Okay, 144 by Frankie Yankevack. Yeah, this. If Boca Brambo come in earlier this morning, we could kill the, you know, not had all this discussion. That would've been the end of this show. Looks like my wrist and my discrepancy. Oh, that's a spider bite. That's a sawlo, the spider things there. And then you put it in the scratch when you get the long scratch. That's a spider bite. It's a little white spider sat down beside her and without the guy den curds in the way. And guess what Boca Brambo did by the way. Woo! America. Like I said, if we would've had this early, we'd have a show to, that's a crap. Yeah. This is a lot of the movie. All right. Thinking the lies, the text and the lies. And then there's always, oh, how can we put recording artists down here? You don't put the name of the song. We'll just talk in there. Yeah, yeah. Every trick in the, with every tip that's, every move in tune. Okay, that's enough of that one. Loan out one of my favorites. Oh, and then there's, yeah. All right. I already give you the best thing. You know, you put the do-up crap on here, you know? She always did that, or we'd like a couple of links missing in Boca Brambo. Brian's brains of Brian's. Your gloves. Your gloves. Do what? You're a little wet. You're a little wet. You're a little wet. You're a little wet. You're a little wet. You're a little wet. But I bet you guys have to get us a little, Frankie Lyman and the Queen A. Oh, there's this. Hey, Chuck. Sounds like Michael Jacksonwood is nutscut off. Sounds like guiltywood is nutscut off. And what is this piece of crap? Jelly. Why? Because it's a little bit like this. I like the bell on the side. What? I'm the star in the sky. There's a space behind the stars. I've got to keep in your eye. You're a lot of what happened by the way. Speaking of boring people about Jack S. The keeper of the keys. What was his name that played all the oldies in a do up shop? And all the bounced around magic and the do something. Stu Barnes. Stu. Penders. Stu. Goldstein. And that is then. Stu Goldstein to keep for the keys. Pretty weak. All that old do up. You know, I think my mic used to like that. All of them. Zingles used to play. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Okay. Like I said, they're gone. Thanks for holding asshole. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Yeah. Hope you had a good time. Was it. No. See, that was the word. Consulting. Oh, it was it consulting? I got to read that again. He and his wife are having consulting sex. They had to bring in a consultant to show him how to do it. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. This is for you and Mr. Manbich. Jim Manbich. Less I like for the gators. Uh-huh. Okay. Like I said, he's an asshole. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a professor over there for you. I'm sorry. And you're right about that. Yeah. Anyhow, that regarding that bite. I can tell you exactly what that is. Great. Here we go. There's one more. One of them does, yeah. Okay. There's one infect down here that not many people talk about it. But it wasn't down here. This was in Toronto. Well, Toronto Ontario, about 1200 miles due north. Well, that makes more sense, even though it's on the other side of Lake Ontario, eh? It's mostly down here. Even Canada, we've had reports of it. There's a, it's called the Mexican sperm beetle. Yeah. No, I'm, I'm serious. I believe it. Yeah. Yeah. It's the Mexican sperm beetle. It's not, it's not so much the bite. Yeah. But the sperm people are having no, uh, we, uh, we can't really just experience from it, yeah. From the sperm. Mm-hmm. And so it's not the way they're living. It was revenge. No, no. The only way to hear it, you have to, uh, compound. It's, it's mezzo-try. I think it's, I like it. Yeah. It's the derivative of my agra. Mm-hmm. And what if it makes them, so like I said, good luck in your new job at Miami date, OK? Wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. In fact, uh, hook him up from the, uh, color last week from that awful comedy shop up there. We're Chris Baker used to go over an over and over and over. Oh, my god. Hook him up, funny. Uncle funny. Uh, put, put, put, put. Send this guy to Uncle Lotto, funny. What, what is this? More, Godfather, crap. More stuff with Godfather and our facts machine. Look, look at all the paper they were sending me these stupid idiotic articles that I'm not going to read. All this stuff from National, the National Review from that fascist piece of crap with William F. Buckley's asked on the back of each page. Get out of here with his crap. Shuck it in and hold it.