Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. To talk to Neil, call 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM The audience is very happy to hear that. We are going to be a very happy day. We are going to be a very happy day. We are going to be a very happy day. We are going to be a very happy day. We are going to be a very happy day. We are going to be a very happy day. We are going to be very happy day. We are going to be very happy day. We are going to be very happy day. We are going to be very happy day. We are going to be very happy day. We should have written down what was called what was sponsored, but it was on the weather channel. Maybe some of you have seen this but I have never seen anything like this in my life, in my life. On the bottom of the screen throughout the entire end, on every part of the commercial, there was a fish symbol. The message is only if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a fish symbol, if you are a great game, Pittsburgh and Calgary last night, what a performance by Marty Strocka. Oh my god! Play or the game, he was unbelievable, anybody see that on your little dish? Wow! Marty Strocka, I told him I tried to tell that hard ass dog McLean, now these people listen to me, I don't know nothing, okay? So anyway, I managed to stay away through two periods and take the third period went to bed, and for some bizarre reason, it must be my second powers again. Couldn't sleep with a crap. And why did I sleep with a crap? Because I was laying there thinking about this place. For the first time at a long time, I've had a real good success rate on that for several months now. Kind of putting all of that on the back burner and avoiding being considered about the bush league. But here it is a year later. Maybe Hank, kind of like so, the seed yesterday, because I'm driving home on here yesterday, and here Hank talking about our sales manager screw-in and about how she must have the naked pictures, and he had another major run-in with her and others, no communications in Yadi Adiani, which you heard me say a million times. And maybe that kind of like planted the seeds and rekindled because I've been sitting here with tremendous frustration for months on it. And now it kind of brings back all this whole long year. And here we are a year later, then I come in this morning. Because my dog, evidently, it must have rubbed off on him too little though. He couldn't sleep, and then all of a sudden he's scratching on the floor and he could be other room and all my god. Then this morning he keeps me up all night long and makes sure I get no sleep at all. And this morning I go in here and find, like bloody diarrhea all over, so he's a devette right now, okay? I think my little dog has bloody diarrhea from the QM sales department is what it is. Don't you think? I think that's what it is. I'm not sure if I think that the stress, you know how you transfer transference of stress because I was under enormous stress. And all of a sudden I noticed he couldn't sleep. He's a potking around, running around the floor, making deposits all over the place. And then by the time the morning came he was already not eating and had bloody stress. Oh man. So I've had a lovely dab and on my hands and knees scrubbing and just all kinds of stuff. So just all kinds of like bloody diarrhea off the carpet. Time for dry cups at what? I'm eating. Well excuse me, okay, that's part of the new Rogers diet. I mean it's no doctor stillman's lipotherm diet, which I'll talk about in a minute, which I see you have a page ad and a hero for this bull crap. It's not that, but it's the new Rogers diet. Just think about getting on your hands and knees with, you know, with wet towels, cleaning a bloody diarrhea from your dog, or maybe from like a human. And that'll, that'll put your appetite on the back of the back burner, huh? That's right. You'll lose your appetite so fast. You'll, the brains out. So little dog is at the vet this morning speaking of dogs, which we were yesterday. And like I said, anybody who's not a dog lover, although little dogs, it's a, oh, they're very specialized thing. It's a compartmentalized thing, little dogs. Tiny little yappy, painting the ass dogs who a lot. But then anyway, you know, during this, the first year, which ended December 30, I think I did about three shows that I can recall. Three shows where I just sat down here and I just went nuts. I just did a tie rate on this place. Three that I can recall very vividly. And I don't know, maybe I'll do another one today. Maybe I'm in the mood for it. I don't have a lot of energy because I had no goddamn sleep at all. Mostly because of my little dog all over the place, but also partly because I couldn't sleep, tossing and turning thinking about this place and the unprofessionalism and how they don't care. See, the first clue should have been the very first thing. We were on the year he last year and we go to the recorded commercials into the first spot, and we hear a spot where the guy is saying, oh, what the fuck, how cold I got on the door? From lobster, Termador. And it was like a muffled and muddy and you couldn't understand a guy. They were on the spot and I looked at George and he looked at me. We're saying like, if somebody really paying for that spot, is it that like supposed to be real commercial? Yeah, we care about it. No. And then it took us like about a month of screaming and yelling and curing on about that, till they finally decided that one of the car machines which is older than the thusla, maybe we shouldn't be playing carps in that because people are paying for their commercials. And then we went, we kind of after they got that kind of clear up. And remember that audio vault? The guy we came down here briefly and asked you that day that the audio vault was ended. We ever get that on QA and the audio vault? No. To have that computerized so that everything is clear and crisp, but you can actually understand what's being said, that we get that. No. But at any rate, so we kind of moved from that along to the Lenny Martes, the part has Robert Greeper, who's the other one that did the lobster termitor spot? Well, we moved along to the ten year old board ops doing the spots. Experiments or winning is all about what you're like there. Like that. People who can't speak people who are on intelligence, both people are probably very nice guys, but you can't understand what they're saying doing commercials. And it just, it just amazes me that, you know, these are people who they really don't care. They don't care about you, but when you work with people, and you know that they don't give a crap, it's very, it's the billiating. It's very frustrating and it's a real downer when you know that most of the people who work around you don't care about these things. They don't give a crap. I mean, not even a tiny little snob, not a crap. And then so I come in this morning and fight out from Georgian. We only fight away Greg Reid, you are the world's number one communicator, baby. I'll ought to try to this man. I can't say the S today, we're in the communications business, but there is none here. You'll never find any. So I'll cut we find out by accident, only because we had this one account where the copy S today was just unacceptable. And so George goes to Gary Sarner, the all-time bosom by the way, who just got a promotion, he's our new, well, what is the national? That's right. The bigger bosom you are here, the higher up the food chain, you go. That's right. The more naked pictures you got in the drawer, the higher up you go on the food chain. It's always the same tree people, it's the water not see, and it's the sale of Louis screw in, and it's Gary Sarner. They got all done, they get pictures. And we find out that there's been a reorganization in our sales department. Did anybody bother telling us about this? No. Did we know any of the people that they know them? Did we know us? No. Nothing. Apparently no one told anyone. No one told anyone. Like I said, Greg Reid, it's our award of the month. The worst communicator in history of radio. Why is it great meal and Ruth Chris? I appreciate that before. Where do you find? Hey, no bird. Right where do you got it? Hey, stop it. It's radio 5.6. Q.A.M. Bale people are high sold. I have no problem with default, but default is somewhat intimidated. And it's like laws or people are way, way, way, way, way. We're intimidated by what Jeff, what do you have that I'm intimidated by? Well, I don't know. You've got a trim red when I come under studio. Why would I turn red when you come in here? Just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way under the show. I'm not warning my way. I don't want your way. I don't want your way. You know what? This goes back. Let's clear the air right now, Jeff. Yeah, back at the Adler Dreams former radio station. When you came on the air on Neil Rodgers show and trashed virtually everybody to work with the station. I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil and trying to work your way around going through conventional systems about getting a job on the air that you were staying and then I was standing back in your chances of getting on the radio. Absolutely. And that's what I kept hearing from people that knew you personally. And instead of saying it to me, you're running around saying, oh, well, this divorce is the reason I'm not getting a job. That's not true. That's not true. Anyway, I want to move on. I'm just going to move on. You're saying I'm jealous of what you're doing. And I'm not saying, what is that? You're coming up showing say that? No, I'm what I am saying, go, is this. I just feel sometimes you kind of get all uncomfortable. I'm intimidated by you. Who wouldn't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back? Oh. Yeah. Okay, 10.15 at 5.60 WQ. I'll think about default. He's just a little bit paranoid. You know what I'm saying? Just a little bit psychotic and paranoid. Like that confrontation we had in the hallway at IOD. Papa, papa, like a half an hour after I got off work one day. But how I was trying to get excuses me of trying to get rumored in there and take his job. Just I mean, anybody that's paranoid about Jeff Rimmer is really paranoid. And now of course, I noticed that they're like not mentioning our show anymore. And then we didn't make it very clear the other day. I said, if you listen to the worst team, that's great. We don't want them to lose one listener because all of this thing together. In fact, even our ratings bonuses are tied in together in part. You know, we want to make sure every show on his station is great. But if you're not one of those people that listens to that show, Rick and Sudd are in the morning on the stupid talk. He's what I said. And I said, I listen to them. Have I ever said I listen to our morning show in the year that I've been here? Have I ever said that I really listen very much to it? No. Because it is the colors on air and the incestion. There you think they can stop the dead for morning game and the real David it's just not of any interest in me. It's pandresses repetitive, it's boring and Zelda gets on mine. Or it's better than that. So you know, and obviously now there's another problem developing there, which is going to be his problem, not mine speaking of Rick and Sudd's. Here's a fact. It says, I heard them coming into work this morning. Rick and Sudd and it sounded like they were having a pretty good show. Did you listen? Oh, you didn't listen. George hates Rick. I was just forgot. I was listening to craft workers, something. Oh. Well, you forgot that, but I'm maybe that's why they were having a good show. And Rick only very briefly once mentioned, all of the S&P futures up 12 points. Oh, yeah. But very briefly, he's been a didn't bother me that much, because he moved right on to what I was talking about, some woman that's spunk in the library up in Boka, who smells real bad. My wife was telling me about her, because she used to work in that library. Do you see Rick and Sud hit the jackpot? Oh, there's, they were getting a billion calls about that. Let's us talk about somebody else's real bad. We'll have meetings. They would have staff meetings just about this woman. Yeah, I've known a few people like that in the library. They stuck. Yeah, also don't be playing at Rimmer Stuff. People you all better shape again. What's with default? Maybe the fact that he puffed up and got so chubby is what's to get into him. You know, maybe his pressure is up there. These folks are good. Guy, everybody likes default. Don't they? No. Yes, they do. But he takes it so goddamn hard. He takes it to heart. So radio show, what does he get? And all the fence and inside. Kind of about. Anyway, the fact that since I work afternoons and nights, I never listened to Rick and Sud, I decided to give him a trifons. You're promoting them so much. It's not that I'm promoting them. It's just that here are a couple of guys who are just about on the verge of being victims of the, this disgusting, rotest business. And I have an opportunity to give them a little bit of a promotion over there. Because I worked with them for about 85 years and they're pretty good guys. And you know, as an alternative, if you don't like our morning show, if you don't like Howard with this 20 minute commercial breaks in the lesbian, then here's another, you know, if you don't like a podcast and Nova, rip it off everybody else's material. Here's another one. They've been in the morning, okay? I'm giving them a little promotion because I know the people they work for will never do it. And they're, they talk about that every morning now about the fact that queer channel being a bunch of cheap bastards will ever promote them. In fact, the only reason they got people calling over there and people know that they're out in the morning is because I've been promoting it. Oh, sorry, depo. It's as they're entertaining, but you're right about Rick. He has no idea what he's talking about when he comments on the stock market. He sounds like a pompous moron and it's boring. It makes me fall back to sleep sincerely sleeping beauty. I rest my case. And again, I'm not, you know, on the one hand, just because I'm getting a little promotion does make me think I can tell about you to want to show. But I just, I've never seen that element. I worked with them for 112 years. I never heard that element before. And like you said, he got a little bit of money and all of a sudden he became an investor. And a market is zooming by the way, the dials up on the net. And then as that's up 46 points, that's all I'm going to say about that. I'm not going to keep repeating it. And the futures is up this and fair value with that. I know, because generally speaking, it's the flea market crowd, not the stock market crowd. The stock market crowd are sitting there right now. They're sitting in their little computers. They're, you know, trading online. And they're, they're punching their brains out. They're gambling away like crazy. Because that's what it is. Right now, things are looking really great. Europe went way to hell up again today. The way way up phenomenal. But it's boring. It is terminal. It is pondress. It is really boring. But getting back to this thing about our, the whole philosophy of the, and the sad part about it here at this radio station. I totally disagree before is there is no competition. None. Rick and suds in the morning are the only semblance of a show on that radio station now. Unstupid talk. The best AM signal in the market right in the middle of the dial. They have nothing else after 10 AM zero. Nothing. IOD with that stale awful, uh, marginal news format that they got. It is a non-factor anymore. It might as well, it might as well shut it off now. Instead of waiting until they build the condos and they block off the tower. And after shut it off the year, they might as well do it now. It's a non-factor with a non-competitor with ratings that are miniscule. Is there anybody else on an AM band that speaks English that even, there would even come to mind? No. So the AM band should be owned by WQAM. But the problem is that we have people here who are just interested in vegetating their way through life. They don't care. I mean, professionalism, doing a job for the clients, putting people on here who sound like they belong on here. It's like production. Do we have a production director at this station? No. And in Sturgis, Michigan, a WSTR, 1966 and 7. I was programmed to record their two years, Sturgis, Michigan. I don't even know how many people I'd like 15,000 people there, maybe. We had a production person. I mean, he was also did other things on the staff, but he was a production director. You know, who recorded commercials? You know, that kind of stuff. As opposed to we're going to entertain your old kids from the sports bar. Here you go, Wayne. Do you wish, but okay, hey, come on down and buy a call. Take the mystery out of right there. Take them, my breast God, I want to think a call. Well, you want to say that again, run that pie me again. Thank you, man. Man. And you ask yourself, don't these people listen, I mean, they must listen to the radio station. If I say something that pisses them off, they sure sell. They don't miss a word. They don't miss a goddamn word. But, even though they just, maybe they tune them down during the spots. Maybe that's what it is. That all these clients are paying a lot of money for. And that we just keep getting a lot of stuff right in here that sits in here. Day after day and week after week and month after month. Hey, you guys on here, the air tell it makes magic for us now. Okay, even though you've had that copy since before time has set us and was a baby. Go ahead and make magic for the clients and make them a lot of business. Okay, if you want, if not, we don't care anyway. Because all we really want, I'm telling you, they ought to when they finish with the new studios upstairs. If and when that ever happens. And when QAM as an entity is totally in this building, we ought to put a big sign on the outside of the building. Just give us the fucking money, okay? That should be the model with QAM. Just give us the fucking money and don't bother us with anything after that. I've never heard of such a concept. I've never seen anything like it. Mine eyes have never seen the coming of this kind of a direct. And we've got this one, you know, and they're rotating. We have rotated, they're approaching and rotating on it. It is what they're doing. We got the local sales manager in the general sales manager in the National Sales Manager. And the sports sales manager in the regional sales manager. Everybody here is a chief cook in a bottle washer. Everybody here's got a title. Put in the meantime, nobody talks to anybody. Also, like I said, it's only by accident. The best part of the deal is this account, which I won't mention, which one it was. But this particular commercial that we had a problem with the highest couple of days. Which used to be Gary Sarders account, I thought I just mentioned. Who's just gotten promoted for his aptitude. A sales guy that never even, I never met before, that never heard of the accounts that those from often about it. This is the kind of dude diligence that goes on here. And we, in like I said, we've got an open avenue out there. It would be like if all the other teams in any sport, you picked a sport. If they all went up, folded one out of business. You had the only team and you still couldn't win a game. There's nobody else out there on the ice on the field on the diamond. And you still can't win. There's no competitor out there inside. And you still can't put the ball in the end zone. Yeah, what was the game here a few weeks ago, when they, you know, in overtime, earth the end of the game, whatever the hell it was. And they forced them to do the extra point. And guess what? They went for two. Well, what a surprise, because the other team never came out and lined up. So they took the ball to quarterback, took the end zone. All right, it's good, two points. And that's what it's like. Yeah, no, seriously, that's true. The other team refused to come back for the extra point. I figured what game it was. That's what we got out there. We have no competition. And we still can't get it done right. Because we have too many people in this place. And I, you know, I like I said, I did three shows screaming about it for a year. I got over it for a few months. I somehow psychologically managed to adapt to it. And now for whatever reason, maybe my second vibration's new. That a lot of shenanigans were going around behind the scenes. And nobody bothered to tell us about. And only because George went to Gary Siren, I asked about a particular account and a piece of copy that my dog wouldn't look at. He was doing a done a bloody number on. That's how bad that piece of copy was. He would have shied away from it. Only because he asked the question, oh, well, by the way, I'm no longer doing that on the. What is he now? The chief victim. Oh, national sales manager Gary Siren. Oh, boy, that's great. Well, these will keep modern. Are here and offer this show. Anyway, that's good. People with no conscience are running around in this building. People with no concept of how to speak to each other. And in our program director, I got only knows what function he serves. I talked to him on a phone this morning about this. Well, you know, I'm not even in the same building. Like, like we don't know that. He's over in Sheridan Street. Like, like, like he's pretending he's in Pioria. And we're in Moscow or something, you know? It's not like it's not like a world's apart. But what a great convenient excuse that is. What's the excuse going to be when we're all in the same building together here in a month or two or whatever, it's going to be. Well, there'll be a different excuse than. Yeah. But your sweet answer will be. There'll be a new one, different exciting excuse. In addition to what's guess what the program director also didn't know that we have a whole realignment of, huh? No, nobody know. Other than the people themselves. It's back, maybe even the people themselves didn't know. Yeah, no, seriously. Maybe they didn't know. Maybe you were supposed to have like a, like a psychic, maybe show Griffin would come down from power 96. And we'll sit around and have a, around the table. They'll do us a nobody else say anything. We'll just sit in, you know, think real hard. Something will be real hard. And all of a sudden, ah, like a little light bulb light up over your head. Ah, that's the new sales manager over there. How about how about a memo? How about putting, how about putting something on a piece of paper on a piece of Charmin toilet paper and putting it in a bottle and floating it down to the toilet. Uh, so we might be able to find it in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, Curl it down the hall or something. Greg. You see, this, this is the sad part and didn't I tell you this also. My, let me first came here. It's, uh, it's a club. It's a fraternity. So as long, you know, like that dinner at Roots Chris, which he's got a very nice wife. And we had a nice, the meal. And I appreciate that there was a Roots Chris or was great. That doesn't change anything. I didn't hear to become friends with a general manager or his wife or his family or anybody else. They're nice people came here to do business. Like they said in the Godfather, it's time to do business. Do they do business? No. No. I mean, there's a lot of money that runs through this place, but did they really do business? No. Monkey business. Talk to us. Tell us something we're starving for some information. Like I'm driving the hockey game last Friday at the Mcerwinner. I turned around to you on in the car. And here's my voice coming back at me. Did anybody bother telling me we'll play in the best in the, Oh, Friday morning before the hockey game? No. There is no communication in this joint. None. Zero. Zippity Duda. You people are the worst communicators in the history of the human God damn race. From the general manager and a program director and screw and the local sales manager, whichever one she is this week, you can't complain about their communication because does it exist? No. It don't exist. And at any time, I could come on running at the end zone. There's nobody out there in the field. And you can't get it in. There's nobody out there's no other team out there. And we still can't take the ball over the goal line. Whew. Where's my me? Where have all the Communists gone? Just a short decade ago. There were everywhere. And now there is rare as a playboy in Richard Simmons bedroom. Unless you pick up tickets for this weekend, Disney presents. Comey's on ice. Former dictator loving red tape spreading comedy bastards are now on the ice. And swirling their pink a little hard, though, for you and your family. Watch the Stalin sticks. Junkle their sickles and hammers as they twist and turn an elegant formation. Resembling battle tactics they never got to use. Gaze in amazement as Vladimir Jackoff performs the nearly impossible bullshive 1440 degree revolution. If Disney presents. And comedy's on ice. Employment for Paco and entertainment for you. This weekend only. 32 and 560 WCM. This definitely is the most neurotic place ever worked. I mean, this is a neurotic business by a story nature. I've always told you that. But this is a truly neurotic place. And just in the one year that we've been here, we've had more people either leave here. Not necessarily fairly or be like put in limbo because of drinking problems, sexual harassment problems. What would you call stalking problems, stalking and stalking, etc. In just one short year, what has been 622 people fit in those categories? It's unbelievable. It's like a neurosis going on here. They have neurosis at a liver. Speaking of neurosis, by the way, turn five shooter shot. I saw it by police. You know, about the guy that was hidden ahead on the turn plaque. Between sunrise and open. And I'm reading this article in the Heraldis, when I find one thing, really bizarre. Florida Highway Patrol Captain Jeff Souti, who's investigators tried to trace the bolt of the end its intention says, is this a randomly fired gun somewhere that hit a car or was it a deliberate act? You hear about it on all roads, whether US, state or local roads, was it a deliberate act or did it just come from somewhere? A random bullet. As if we have, I mean, New Year's Eve is over last time I checked right now. It's over with, in other words, are with it just people are standing off, you know, if you see it off the side of the road on the turn plaque in the interstate, like firing off rounds, is that what it is? Uh-huh. Evidently? Now, just stop and think about that. Well, the range cost money. Yeah. So you have to get the key. Which comes you're up in your mind, the vision that there, you know, no matter where you're driving it. Yeah, I like that thing, and we know that. I read about yesterday. He says, you read about it or hear about an all roads, whether US, state or local roads. If you shoot enough of storm, because, you know, because it's, we have that heritage, whether you'll wild west land. That's the American fucking way. Right, that's it. So that, that's it. Can see that kind of a bizarre comment by the, whatever he was, the highway FHP, our poker, Captain Suji. But if anybody, I'm sure we'll find out. I'm sure we won't have any more students out there in a highway. Will we? Here's our call of the morning. Here's Pemberg Pines. Hello. See how how you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah. Last week, I think you were doing the different dances, the end zone celebrations. Yes. And you mentioned somebody mentioned the six gun. Make maybe price. Yeah. But Johnson, which I always thought he was white. He was one of the most light-complexed dark guys ever in the history. I always thought he was a light guy. Well, I was thinking maybe Brian Blades thought he was doing the six gun a couple years ago. Yeah, could have been. Yeah. Now, this football thing with the tickets. I went to the orange ball. I heard Edgerman Hanket, Edgerman, when I left, for the how was I yesterday? Real articulate. I heard Edgerman James on there yesterday, and they was talking. Is he married? Because he was talking about his family. And he had a baby. No. He's not married? No. And he's got a daughter that he's talking about. He's going to sign. You know, he's going to the draft and go in the NFL. Yeah. He got a raise money for his family. But he's not married. Okay. Well, I guess we're not. No. Not the perfect. Sorry for him because, you know, should he break a leg or something? God forbid like that. I'm wondering what he's going to be doing for a living. I mean, he was a... Well, he's not major in engineering. I mean, no. And then I love those people who say, well, how dare he, you know, you're not going to leave a year early in the not further resedification? I mean, I think at this point, it, you're going to make it a lot of good stuff. It's not going to get any further at truth. The football thing would not be... I want to call him for sure. Edgy. Hey, Edgy, you've got no Edgy, Edgy. What do you call a guy named Edgy? But at any rate, I'm sorry. That's okay. I'm not nitpicking game with his sports guy. The football, two last things. The football thing would not sell an out. Now, the parking for $20. That's what upset me the most. I went to the Orange Bowl game and I go to the hurricane game. And I parked down the street there for free on the sidewalk, you know. And it's just too high for parking $20. When you consider that an end zone seat for a regular season game is 24. To be almost the same as a ticket for the game. That's absurd. Yeah. And the last thing, I don't know if you're making it. Well, what do you mean it's too high? They had like 80 trillion people at all. So I heard the, I guess, but they're quoting how the numbers of people that attended those sporting events all in the same weekend. Here was a staggering number. Plus 31,000 people showed up at Gulfstein for the admission was free. And then what does he hear he was in the news and even a live screen? I'll tell you what, I park it. I'll let everybody else know. I park it called or on the day that the, the, the one a clock games for $2. And walk over to the stadium. I just refused. But I don't understand. In other words, if it's that expensive and if it's going to be on television, would you turn out that it was? What's the big deal? Why would you go? I don't know. I didn't go. When it was on TV, I'm seeing when they don't sell out. I went to two games this year that both that were not televised. The thing that was random. Well, why would anybody go and see the rams? No, I like football. Okay. I like profile ball. You know, so, but the last thing, I call me crazy. The beastly read situation. Did you guys talk about that the last two days with the lawsuit? We don't know. We are not going to be discussing it. It's depending lawsuit. And obviously we have nothing to say about it. Oh, you can't comment. No. Okay. Never great. Okay. There's our call for the day. Thank you, sir. Covered a few bases there. Doesn't like the parking cost for the ball games and, I shouldn't have forgiven the court. Right after that, they moved and we spoke about our conduct. This case is the amount of bail of violence on. The motion led to getting kicked out of us But yeah. She looks like it's in. The Sunday morning had to take you to the city. It was a hungrinsore documents. And it was important for you to be punished just like that. in general are a flaky bunch like radio engineers are really peculiar and radio talk host who all are bunch of weirdos but but the fact is I have never been in the midst of a conglomeration of people who have such a cavalier such a bizarre attitude about the going through life and we just make an effort we don't care we no matter what you say no matter what you do we don't care if the spots sound muddy if the equipment is from before the goddamn stone age no matter what it is we don't care I just I can't mentally adjust myself to adapt to that I've tried and it's still unores the hell I mean especially when people are paying a lot of money to advertise on the show that it shows on this radio station and we have an here stuff that that is an embarrassment that is humiliating and degrading and just unbelievably garbage but it's new frequent what there you go and they I gave me an you I've tried eight or nine times to adjust to this thing and I just can't bring myself to do it huh nine you anytime I've sat down and said to myself you've got to stop this okay because your blood first is going to go up eight or nine points and you know oh well five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty at a mobile one line I think we've hit on it the lady who smells now the fact that you said that you're crystal note I mean this is what are the odds in that all I mentioned as passing as I heard them talking about this woman in the book a library who smells real bad and what are we gonna do about her and they had four thousand calls on it and then you tell me your wife knows her not knows her she's a library they know they she goes in there she goes but you don't live in polka no she used to work at that library yeah so they would have meetings about this woman some homeless woman goes in reaching smelling snow though the entire place up within seconds of walking in the door drives everyone else out the staff of course can't leave this must be one of those famous woman town yeah oh she's she's very famous and they can't do anything about it because uh... yeah the library yeah yeah because somebody called them this morning so there was some guy thinking jersey or somewhere up north who uh... you know one a couple hundred thousand dollars in uh... he sued the library because they try to kick his ass out and he wanted a couple hundred grand settlement and also we have these to have to let him back in her all the time what do we do about people who stink i think that's a very very good question because you know quite around here around here that's a question that the perpetual question because we got a lot of people to think around this joint twenty four eleven five fifty w q and real ratches my lover bonds is back and he's older than ever in old finger i could only push trigger damn that i thought it double seven is that it numbers five two nine one two three social security benefits and is traded in his outdated gadgets for his brand new high technology one the spread print act as a boat who should it can take all kinds of crap not much has changed over the years when we're small and you're still below for a year change but this money dollar now the cost of living in a for a simple boy sent a full can arena bit stars at the Russian spy now that's what i call who she galore shunconnery still sharp as a tax but she bond uh... here uh... for which is called me bond old finger playing in senior citizen centers right after matwalk ten forty four five sixty w q and second something only one at service in that spot with a fish on it but it cares about that okay let me chair that just amazing the indifference the apathy the general maybe just me and this audience remember just a bunch of us lackers could that possibly be it yes anyway i did bring in my book diabetes solution by doctor Richard k. Bernstein now this is for the most of you people especially those of you who are not fat the kind of you out there who are not that and little bit later on i'm gonna read you just very briefly just a few paragraphs not long and ponders in terminal but uh... like that jackass that called me as to what were you come up with a stuff about you know the low fat thing being a far uh... from people who are the experts like doctor Bernstein's one of the top experts on diabetes and on diet in the world but nevertheless one by the way what do i do with that what is that the article about the trip acting as continued in the herald on page nine a and underneath it there is a half page ad and open letter to anyone who wants to lose up to thirty pounds in thirty days the easy way from doctor stillman not doctor erwin Maxwell stillman who's been dead for about twenty years when the famous water diet to stillman diet but doctor else stillman or but how he is at a place called the metabolic counsel for obesity full film and center in tempy erasana afflipate yet including testimonials from fill in north mimy beach and linda pian Miami and yati adiati adiati i'm i'm surprised when the energy aid in here all of a sudden no dangerous drugs like benfen no caloric counting no nothing all you do is pop somebody's great pills that he sends you and send him a lot of money and uh... there you go and you've got to lose thirty pounds in thirty days and it's right there in the field anybody believe that you know no Jesus god here's a mobile in west pond beach hello meal yes sir happy new year same user good i heard about you little doggy today's out here that yeah well he's at the vet now he's uh... this is not the first time well nice i've got a little problem i thought about you over the christmas holidays uh... what my kids uh... go yeah and uh... i heard nothing wonderful from you and from other people in uh... kilo puppy did you get yours when you were the puppy yes how's the house breaker him how's the house breaker i mean uh... it was uh... baby suppository okay you're laughing i'm giving you the honest answer everybody last to me when i tell him it's the fastest way the house breaker puppy it takes infence upon and i didn't just make this up on that some kind of a pervert i read about it in the doggy book okay you take baby suppositories and when uh... you know after you feed them about a half hour later you put them in there you take them outside and uh... magically hey wow all of a sudden they look and then after a short time they realize when they go out that's the time and that's the way to do it work like a charm well thank god she has a problem with that i just didn't belong uh... my father's this thing is here uh... i didn't get to be five or six years old in the house i think you might as well forget about just get rid of the carpeting well i had a wonderful dog that just uh... been hearing well my dreamers are the best dogs in the world so when i happen to have the best one that's ever been born well i hope mine's just as good and uh... i agree with those little dogs i had a little dog i'm happy there you know i'll be in the kitchen high strife you walk i love my little dog but if he doesn't make it well you know life goes on well he's getting kind of old anyway like me have a great day pal you're good with your goal there you go go the retriever the greatest dog in a world man okay with anybody says i mean like the thing with in a lot i scream some people what of you like but boy they are just unbelievable dogs you'll they'll they're like human are so close to human have some is terrifying they're like you have a golden or retriever that you've had for a long time you raised like from a little puppy like mine and that's a friend that's like a real honest to god friend like a better friend than many people by the way speaking of friends i got two friends in a hospital many of you know them fat rich is in a hospital busted his knee up in pop at a park a week ago monday and it blew up like a god damn balloon and he came out and he went back in and uh... he's coming along okay i spoke to me yesterday other than the fact his lectern purple but other than that he'll be okay nice to come along and i could close friend my attorney norm can't like give a lot of ranting to one year but it's done wonders for me over the years and sometimes not sometimes yes but at any rate uh... was in hospital for a little operation little procedure last week how to now how do i delicately say this okay that they removed the tumor from norm about the size of uh... bramont no besides the bowling ball really but he's doing okay and everything looks good they took out two thirds of the stomach i told us that hello this is a better diet than the doctor's domain take out a fifteen pound tumor man but that he's coming along he's going to be fine i just mentioned that because i know no one's got a lot of friends out there and a lot of attorneys who are just waiting in the wings looking to take away his business here's a mobile in what is it spring hill hello good morning here yes sir happy you one day i happy when today if i'm a little uncoherted i apologize but i had like two and a half hours sleep in my dog with his uh... bloody problem all night that's okay and this bloody place long time mister from way back when you're on i o d right haven't talked to you a long time but now that thanks to my computer i can listen to you and i'm not really in a man remember we sit there with uh... dated bramont we sit and we listen and we love it and uh... we miss you and uh... well he's we get to hear you on the radio with a flight okay have a great day like all meal yes with the lotion in the basket okay get out here perfect you have an open line in brown all three and day five six seven i have you know it's going to be spoken i'll just read the whole book the night being solution book i just as my love i'll read you said that okay where did that come from i just didn't like with her like a man come on do it again you can do it no seriously what the whole idea hit on here that made that come fire up i didn't even know there was such a thing it's not on the uh... bottom line i just i just discovered a uh... wait a minute let's see how you do it can't do it again you had time that's what you did oh i was he still pissed off to have because they told they out in him with uh... anternity perkins where does tab on this thing i mean we see where the guy damn tab is on this thing left left what there's no tab on this shirts to little uh... to little roggies is my love uh... die of the better go out and get this in hardcover because there's not a lot of copies and every book store and they'll be gone real fast i've talked about this book before this is not just for diabetic by the way it's for people who want to lose weight people or carbohydrate at xlachiam and and you know really have an open mind understanding how the carbohydrates in sugar are killing them i know you don't want to hear that i know it's a very boring and very unpopular topic especially with this audience because this is an eating audience this is a food audience it's always been that way it's a food country not just my audience people would much rather hear about delicious food and about fish food and about shoveling all kinds of good fatening stuff down their post and by the way congratulations to me yesterday and resisting the famous aina's oh and my blood sugar was eighty four this morning but no medication by the way i've got an ear niel thank you i'd like that with virtually on i did i had a little one thing yesterday that's right but even spite of that when you're watching your peace and cues but you know you do the best you can i'll say this for those people well you know we've heard you're going about this five hundred times and you've always failed but you know something if i wouldn't have tried the five hundred different times i'd probably be they'd have to wheel me and her in a wheelbarrow i'd be one of those people who couldn't get through the god damn uh... doorframe here so at least during those times it's called like keeping yourself alive just in case you ever really get around to do it right at least just stay alive for a little while here's a mobile in my amy hello niel yes sir how you doing okay good great show i love your show hey i just have peace and information for that gentleman i call wanted to know how to train his retriever yeah just case train them you know you put them in those cages yeah i i did not that that's the best way you take it out here if you're put your little dog to i doctor he i'm i'm not going to say where i took my little dog i know i know i know you take them there um... i'm not i'm not i'm not happy i'm not at the least bit happy with that place but i don't know where else to go and it's close by not too far from where i live and i'm not i'm not all happy with my last experience with them and they know it because she gave me kind of a sour look this morning and i gave her kind of a sour look and i said here's the damn dog and do something and uh... cut the crap you know i'm not happy i'm not happy i'm fine at a good bit in the rooms like fine and good doctor it's not easy yeah i don't i don't i don't i don't you're never six oh i'm okay well how old are they um... my retriever he's about seven or six and i have a puppy retriever that i mean okay i don't have a you're key also sooner later just like people all dogs they have problems they have problems and i get other problems though you know sooner later you'll need a good event sure what what happened to me just uh... he just vanished oh god i'm two and a half hours sleep i come in here these people are dead as a door nail there's one call on a board this guy's in the middle of a sentence he just vanishes you know something there's potchkin around with his phone again okay he just disappeared i was over here on this side i didn't touch anything i didn't hear a dial tone i didn't hear a click what what is going on here these last a couple of days again are we back on that same bullcraft we run before i think that's what's going on here are we ever got to get upstairs with a direct phone system that i have confidence really worked i mean she's a there's another one of these deals oh yeah pound ninety six they're up there they got their radio jukbox this smoking in uh... jokin up there and then after that it's going to be the right to the building for over on sure in the street and then if they ever get around with that then we're our last week you know stuck kind uh... whatever the hell goes after that because we're already down here in these fashionable dicks without own ants okay we don't have to worry about the insects from a sure in street we got our own bugs over here to work out five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on a mobile one line just in case there's any interest here this morning with just like yesterday looks like there will not here's a mobile in the north might be chill out hi meal yes sir two things i want to see one that uh... indian promotion where they get the six thousand odd dollars to the dolphin runner that makes the hundred and fifty yards so i haven't got any idea what that's all about i don't want to talk about the dolphins that i want to talk about the indians what's your next subject to what's the next project the next next subject is i hadn't heard you talk about the uh... two million dollars so that uh... these we read has a year have a lot of state again like i told the other guy you have to be talking about it because it's pending litigation which we'll discuss in a nice day maybe the indians got to two million dollars and he's running a real fast in jumping high like blind blades oh god five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line and it could be people possibly be so stupid here they can they are and they will be here's a lady mobile in bokeh hello hello just man hi i was listening yesterday and i did call about the diabetes i'm just wondering you on diabetic type one you can be a box of vagadivas i really need it for my sugar level what what does that mean yeah well where is this one come date one of the yes today what's the reason they call he's from the hungry he's here he's not he's an absolute more it's not me to sugar to uh... all you talking about the guy that said you have to have sugar to look you know something i'm gonna have a great day for the lady in the ginnou phone i'm gonna read one thing here from doctor uh... one scene book for you to two on just think about this evening i could have believed it could be brainwashed anyone at your snack wells he says a stunning as it sounds and unbelievable given the popular media's recent love affair with high complex carbo hydrate low fat diet you can quite easily survive on a diet in which you would eat no carbo hydrate furthermore by sticking to a diet that contains no carbo hydrate but high levels of fat and protein you can reduce your cardiac risk profile cholesterol bloodlipids etc though you'd do pride yourself of all the fun foods we create the most fun foods in quotes let me say it again by sticking to a diet that contains no carbo hydrate but high levels of fat and protein you can reduce your cardiac risk profile like he's done doctor brunstein the gyrochids book was uh... type one diabetic and has been since the age of twelve and went to school to become a medical doctor at the age of forty five so we could share his findings about diabetes with people all over the world and has become on the high most highly recognized diabetes experts in the world how do you like that so you can tell me that i'm full of crap and if the snack wells people in the low fat people are the real diet people and the healthy people can't tell you their full of crap and i didn't get my facts from some jackass that called here and honestly on a phony yesterday uh... give me a son of that but all you got to have sugar to stay alive right there you go got to have that sugar baby he's probably one of those guy then keen people and i don't mean steve either just like we had the dog people the dog track people call from naples yesterday with her big stupid not the honest that to in a row back to back you think that was a coincidence now because all the sudden i made some comment about the all the slaughter of all these damn puppies now they'd read them like uh... rabbits by the millions and gasped them by the thousands truth really heard so many guys uh... ten fifty seven five sixty q a m this is five sixty q a m you can get my it works the notion in the basket it makes it all up it works a lot in the basket it's what's the book of the law it works the notion in the basket when the i bought those out for the notion in the basket that it has to hold it out it works the notion in the basket it's what i have to get it works the rather my agree hopeat like do that's around It works in the grass. Or by ppx it works in the grass. It works in the grass. I've got my skin through the hip on that glacier. I'm just thinking about it. I'm not my great cigar from this. I'm just thinking about this whole situation with these people that I work for and within this place. We both have the same objective and that is to make it as much money as possible. We're all in business to make money. There's no BS about that. But the difference being, they don't want to be bothered with the details of what goes between A and Z. There are things that you have to do in between the desire to make money. And then actually just give us the money and don't bother with all the details. That's basically where they're coming from. Now, if I knew how to do that, in other words, if I knew how I could have stayed on this morning and just called in and said, Hey, how are you doing? Everybody have a nice day. Give me my check. I believe me. I'd be the first one to do it. I just don't know how to do that yet. We have an open line at Broward, all three in date. 56050505050 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a little story to tell you. Last night, I was sitting out on sunrise watching the Panther games. Vision and Peter were all just like everybody else when he's on the ice. Getting other equipment, probably. Yeah. So the girl next to me said, yeah, he's a real jerk. Like, all this sounds like you know, a person of experience. She goes on to tell me that her sister went out with him once or twice. First black guy's ever one hour list. Well, let me tell you she said the myth is not true. How long has that been? He was on like a baby midget. Yeah. And it was the most disappointing sexual experience of her life. Uh-huh. But at least not going on with you. I'm not going to remember. That's good. Thank you. Okay, that's it. That's it. That's what we got for today, boys. Girls have an ice day like I said. It's been nice talking. I'm going to go home and expect to check to be coming in the mail in a couple of days. And that's, you know, that's cut out the middle man. Let's cut out the pimple and middle stuff between A and Z. And what it takes to, you know, to get the money to come in. 567 0.560, palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I should have called in sick today. You know, I could have done that. I could drop my dog off in the bed. Climb back home and call you and say, do the show and end your scorn home and slept all day. Which I should have done. Because that's obvious right now. Like, I just get a fraction of the go. Hey, Neil, there's a real interesting documentary on the impeachment and we jumped and I'm seeing right now. You know, like, like, first of all, I haven't seen 100 of those in the last two or three weeks. And number two, like I'm going to just stop doing a show here in the middle. Maybe we could pop that up, but it's over right now. He'd to break the news to you. It's all over. These people wouldn't know Andrew Johnson from Lyndon Johnson from your Johnson. Okay. Here's a plantation. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Listen, you were talking about a vet. You weren't very happy with the vet you slept today. I got a good plan. I didn't say that I saw today. I've been going there for a long time. I've had several vet. And as far as I'm concerned, they're all marginal at best. Well, they make a suggestion. There's one young lady vet in the promenade, the old public some clearing. Right. And not the old. Uh-huh. He's very sweet and very good. Uh, why don't you hear it? Try it. Okay. Not very far. No, it's not very far. I've been bringing my dog down for years, and she's very, very nice. Yeah, I know exactly where it is. Okay. I just thought I'd tell you. Okay. Thanks. I'm going to put a vet in your room for a pet is like finding a good dog. You got a shop around in chop around and maybe if you're lucky you'll find one before your pets are dead, but it ain't easy, especially down here. 560, 50, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Any interest out there? Any good thing calls here today, you think? No. Okay. I'm just going to sit here and make a sound effect. Like, sound effect. You want to do a little bit more. You want to do a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah. Um, check. Well, don't stop now. Yeah. Um, check. Um, check. Um, check. Um, check. Um, check. Um, check. Um, check. Um, check. Just keep going till the next break. What do what's the same way they want to do? We are put the effort in between. We'll just take the paycheck and there's nothing in my contract. There's a guy who talks to him. I'm so sorry. I'm disgusted. Kill that, please. It's even annoying me. It sounds like guilty all over again. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. The, you know, we're on a business here. We're completely posthead. What? The NBA law count has been resolved and they're reporting it on the Instagram. No, I don't care. I'm not a sports. I don't care. Okay. The NBA law count has been resolved. They are going to play a little bit of a season and are going to play some basketball to want to care about it. No. No. No. The matter of fact, New week magazine, I was reading the last life. There's an article 70% of the people in America don't give a crap about the NBA to begin with. And of the 30% of the new care, most of them were didn't care whether it was going to be a season. No. But these guys, you know, they got to put the bread on the table and make their 12 million. They're 12 million and 18 million and 15 million. So they have to have like a little abbreviated season now so that when they can make a few bucks on there and get the heat games on. You know, you notice how they caved and they talked to good game, but boy when push came to Shabwright there at the end. They've buckled a knuckle under because they know God damn well they're taking those two million and five million and 15 million. Whatever they're getting paid, each one of these big freaks. It's a hell of a lot better than flipping burgers at the Burger King. No, I don't care. In fact, I'm going to get that to the New Year's resolution, which I'm a few days late. The six, but other than my usual little bit of hockey talk, I don't want to hear anything about sports in this year. Whether it's good, bad or indifferent, we got 20 hours of nonstop sports in the roast and on his station and quite frankly, I'm burnt out on it. I'm just burnt out on it because the level of the dialogue is just so ponderous. It's so juvenile, it's so embarrassing and the adulation of illiterate jackasses. I'm not saying you got to be a rocket scientist. I'm not going to say you got to be a Julian Bond. You got to be the most American, a merio Cuomo. Everybody has cut out for that. But at least be able to speak to be able to sign your name. Okay, if you got like a real name. I just, I can't get excited about people who are so in our particular this to embarrass and humiliate me. And supposedly people who had like a university education, I was supposed to believe that. I'm sorry. I can't get excited about those kinds of people. Can't do it. Here's a mobile in forlaterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. I want to tell you a show is offensive man. Yeah. Well, it's you. I don't know. Yeah, okay. Thank you. Yeah, he's in forlaterdale like I'm on Uranus. Okay, thanks, Julio. Thanks for your great contribution to what you've done as softloaded too by the way. You and your people. Here's a mobile in Humsdale. Hello. Anya, what's up? How are you doing sir? I live in Africa, I live in Africa, and I find the end of no, no fees. No more raising the roof as they call it. But now can we find a way to get rid of the dirty bird or what? Here's a mobile in tempered pine, hello. Me, no. Yes sir. How close is Udo's car? This is Tim from the bottom. Okay, we have one line left on a board that's in the Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. This guy's got the F-word. We got the two or three little Julios on there. Grabbing each other's members, if they can find it. Which is maybe that living guy's good. I said, that's all we got left here. Boys and girls. As an old, old bee out of business. Where do you find Jim Nendich? White, where are you? Got it. Oh, that hurts, right? You're 5, 6, 8, out. I think it's hard to fix this. On capital hill and far away, Smell a chubby's come to play. We have all the smell of Chubby's gone. Hey, boys and girls, it's time to play Hayden's seek with the smell of Chubby's. Who's that hiding under the desk? It's me! Who's that hiding in hose bush? Well, it's me. Sleaky, blackie. Who's that hiding behind the keg? Yes sir, well, that demey, up, kept a... Now that's what I call a smell of Chubby. You're a... Yeah, I'm always not in, uh, come over here and pull my finger. Oh, wait a minute. Thank you. It's all the 13. That sounded like that the day Halvers Dam, but that we got what's got him, eh? 113, that's 560 WQM. We have two open lines in date, 560, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T, while it was lunch. We're doing it the QAM way, baby. We're doing it the QAM way. Don't expect a show. Don't expect any entertainment. Just send us all your money, okay? And whatever else you got. Here's plantation, hello. Yes sir. Yeah, a question and a comment later. The question is...my son is a... ...an a diabetic since he's 25 and he's like 40 now. The book that you mentioned, would that be for a diabetic one? Both. That's sorry? Both. Oh, for both. Because Dr. Bernstein is a type one by about a few. He was that better since he was 12 years old. Oh, Dr. Bernstein. And what is an ambulance book please? Diabetes solution, Dr. Richard Bernstein. Gotcha. Hardcover. Yes. You know, I've listened to you a long time since evening hours eight to 12. Oh, God. Right. You've been through this crap before. I think I can say what a crap, right? You can say all the crap. You've been through it before and you've put up the greatest numbers. And I've been enjoying your show for the low these many years. But you know something. I was thinking about that when I drove home. It's funny you mentioned this. I would drove home yesterday. Yeah. And I was thinking about the fact that as long as I've been here, I've been here 100 years. And it's always been the same. It's never these people. They're terrified. They don't want to talk to me. I could bring up 600 different things. Like yesterday, I had dozen different things going here. Any one of which should have generated like a ton of response. They got nothing to say. I'll terrified or they the cat's got their tongue. It's always what they want to hear is hear me screaming and yelling and bitching about the fact that nobody wants to speak. I never heard this such a thing. This is what my whole life in Miami has generated and do is being on your scream at about the fact nobody's got anything to say. Yeah. I know what you mean because I heard you have to be a show. But it seems like, you know, people like myself. I just call in once in a while, but I listen to you very, very often. Yeah. And you get some intelligence that will be calling in. But not looking for intelligence. I'm looking for somebody alive. Other than the half dozen clinics who call 400 times a day and every show in the universe. Right. But these people are all the communities. You have the anti-speople all over the country. Oh, they're not all over the country. They're here. Why don't we? Let's disperse them. Let's send them all over the country. Let's send them to Fargo, North Dakota. Let's send them to the minute. Let me, you talk shows that you know, like California. Montana. Yeah. California, Chicago. You get these cooks. I call them. No, no, no. I don't mind cooks. I'm talking about letter G. I'm talking about apathy. I'm talking about people who have nothing to say, which is this town. This is a boring place with boring people. Well, I'm an edge. I don't know. You can't even imagine what it is. And if they do have something to say, usually they know what they're talking about. Like you listen to sports conversation at a station. And as soon as the call start coming in, you know, immediately you're listening to a bunch of Dodo birds. Didn't know what they're talking about. You know, you're absolutely right. I've listened to it a long time. And I give the same people in 20 years, 20 years ago. I think that'd be nice. Since the first day I came here, nine March, we're first nineteen, seventy six, twenty two and almost twenty three years ago. There are voices I hear on talk shows including this radio station that I heard 23 years ago. Yeah. Who the hell want to hear those people? That's why Neil, so many people call up and tell you, thank God that you're here and you're on a radio because you know, he says that. Why don't you come on. God, Neil God, you know, people don't I say that. Yeah, we're talking about that. But people do say that. Thank God, the Neil Rogers because he makes he just keeps his place saying. And if you are in the way to hell, we would be okay, pal. Good luck. Thanks a lot. Okay. I'll see you in the funny file. Okay. We have an open line at Brower 2 and Dave County. Any interest out there today. I'm going to call him. I'll be the first one to admit it. I'm in co-herit. About two and a half hours of sleep tops. I would say and about a half an hour on the floor, clean up bloody dogs. Okay. That's been my since I spoke to you last. That's been my excitement. And quite frankly, for this time, that's not all that bad when you come right down to it. That's pretty exciting. Better than going to the sub-rass. Now, we spent the day we went out to the sub-rass. Oh, and I got speaking to go to the sub-rass yesterday. And even though I had all the other stuff going on, I forgot the highlight from Monday for my trip home. Remember Monday how it was raining and pouring and freezing and really nasty? And so I have my drive home. And not the way that I went out of the doctors. I'm out over the beach. And it was like walking in ammonia. And I had the blood drop. So I drive all the way home from I need beach all the way to 595. And I get to full-mingle road. And I go north on full-mingle road. And all of a sudden, I get to the corner full-mingle and Bowered Boulevard. And the light is green, but I noticed that the half dozen or so cars in front of me and all the lanes are sitting there. And then I see a couple of porchers, BSO people out there in the intersection, directing traffic. Like maybe there's some big wreck up. Like something's going on, right? I would give you 75,000 guesses as to what was going on and you'll still never guess why they had traffic all stopped. Not a funeral. No. A caravan of something going to the macaruna. That's a hint. Let me give you a better hint. Elephant. Okay. The circus was bringing in all their paraphernalian, all their trucks. The ringling brother circus. I hate those people. But listen to me. This is the Brower County Sheriff's Department of Harded Work for us. Okay. All the rest of us poor work in Slops who have to go somewhere in the daytime. Or would like to get home sometime before midnight. Worst sitting there in our cars getting steamed and pissed off. And guess what? The BSO stand out there blocking all the traffic and waving on Karaban, cut it with truck after truck, all these big ringling brothers, trucks, and all their paraphernalian, they're a sort of bull crap. And they're elephant crap. So they can get in there and they'll let thank God in the left hand. Because evidently, they were going to turn on sunrise and go up to 136 to get to the macarina. But this was like a 10-minute delay. Sitting out there in the middle of the goddamn road and you're wondering, what is it? And then all of a sudden here's the first truck turn. And another, it's like waiting for a goddamn train. You know how that is when you're waiting at railroad tracks. And you keep looking for the old caboose. And you keep looking at it. Oh there we did it. And that's not it. Because then there's all that stuff in between. There's low riders, whatever they call those things. What do they call those things? Flop that. Flop that. They're really low ones. You know, oh there it is. It's just a decoy. There's nothing on them. But they just stuck in there to give you a false sense of security. So you think that the train was done. Guess what? Another five ten minutes. Well that's what this was like. And I'm looking around that the people of the other cars. They wasn't just me. They were like, filming at the mosque like rabbit. Like what the f*** going on here, you know. And there's like a whole bunch of BSO cars and porters and they're standing in a road. They're driving all around. And they're escorting the ringling brothers ethang circus to the macarina and blocking off all the rest of our lives. See, I hate to break the news to you. I don't give a crap about the ringling brothers ethang circus. I'm not going to go to see it. I don't care about it. It's a bunch of elephant is what it is. And especially, you know, you people with a law enforcement this time. You really got your priorities all straightened up. For those of us who are out there on a highway and byways all of us taxpayers who actually live here every day. The best you can do for us is a bunch of guy named Speedtraps. But for these invaders, these these carpet beggars that come in here to siphon out the money from town. Oh, hey, let's stop all the traffic on the road for about 10 or 15 minutes and let you sit there steaming and we didn't piss off and fart up. And, you know, wasting a lot of gas idling your life away. Thank you very much, BSO. Great job, BS. Oh, here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I've got to, I'm dating a girl that's got a friend that's diphetic. And it seems like every time we run into this girl, she's got a drink in her hand and and takes it to the limit. Now, isn't that best for your sugar when you're diabetic? Yeah, of course. Of course. No booze. And I always coppently ammonner, you know, you're always on top. Oh, yeah. That's fine. Asking her to, you know, don't drink tonight, quit drinking. Oh, I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I stay down all the time. Maybe she wouldn't have time to drink. Oh, yeah. That's true. It'd be nice if we'd have a sip in between. How do I approach this girl? Well, what do you mean, how do you approach it? You do it. I mean, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make them stop drinking. Is that the way to say, goes, if she's going to kill herself, she's going to kill herself. Right. I mean, she could go into coma. It just bothers me because my grandfather's diabetic. You quit drinking. Yeah. Everything. Cold turkey. I can't do that. Well, I'm going to reach you to have a little problem there, you know? Right. Okay. I say dump a bitch before we get the two involvement. You have to start paying those heavy hospital bills. Thanks. Okay. Good luck, you pal. I'll need it. Okay. One call left on the board. I just, I just drove my arms up in here at this point. You know, I just, I got nothing. I got plenty of nothing like you all songs. You know, no energy. I'm sat. I'm totally sat with this crowd. Five, six, seven, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the ATI mean, we just, you know, there is definitely something going on here. Okay. I don't care what anybody says. I looked off to my right here for like, off to a window that's all blocked off anyway. I looked off here for like one one second. We had five calls on here. I looked back in this guy was the last one on there. Please don't insult my intelligence by telling me that there's not some kind of horse crab going on again with this phone system. Please. This company man, somebody oughta, and forgetting about Marlon lawsuit, somebody oughta sue these bastards. Okay. For impersonating a goddamn radio station and putting us in here with a bunch of Schlachar, but, and then of course, the people over there in Sheridan Street. Oh, guess what? The good news is we're finally going to get your upstairs one of these days, maybe maybe. But guess what? The bad news is you're going to still be working with the same bullcrap outdated equipment that you've had for the last 500 years that isn't worth a crap. They just like I said, they don't care. You can't move them for a lot of money. I don't want free meals. I don't want schmosing. I want to do business. Do these people want to do business? No. God. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, the idea is doing. Okay, sir. Hey, don't get pay attention to these people, Neil. I think it's the Christian conservative that guy who's even a getcha. He's trying to getcha, Neil. I see that's probably what it is. By doing what? What is he doing? Oh, no. He's in conservative doing. What? Like all of you are the conservative. What are you talking about? You know, like, die you called you back a few months ago. You said you're gonna getcha and he's watching you. That idiot. There are plenty of games. What does that have to do with the fact that the people who are listening to this radio station have got nothing to say about anything. What is it? Christian coalition have to do with that. Yeah, they're screwing everything else. They're price-cooled up a great show like yours. I mean, they're idiots. And how are they doing that, sir? They got a mesmerizing these people that haven't all locked away. Have they had they been their instruments and their phones, too? Is that what they've done? Oh, no. Put something in the holy water. That could be it. You might have a point. Hey, I would have questioned how hurt gold idiot a day. I knew it was talking. I think it happened to subject. I don't want to say if you're gonna talk sports, it's gonna be the end of the call. Come on. Just one. No. It's a commercial. We're on the table. No. Ever great day. I'm not talking sports. Okay. I'm burnt out. I love my hockey, but other than that, I can't take it anymore. I can't stand it. I'm just, I can't imagine how anybody like I said to you. Oh, who are you thinking they're gonna get in your spanking draft? Who do you think they ought to be looking for? Oh, God. Open line of day one and a row. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 50, palm five. If you know something, I should have let my dog come in and do the show. I should have stayed at the bed. There you go. How are you talking? Now you're making some sense for once in your life. I should have stayed there and had another zero exam. Even though I was just in the doctor, he said, I'm fine. I should have still stayed there. Say, hey, you want some bloody stool? There you go. Speaking of Randy. Bloody stool? Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. How do you deal with? Every time I say, bloody stool, Randy Rhodes comes to my guess, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I did. Listen, I didn't know if you saw the article in yesterday's book in the local section on 5, 10. No. No. About the emission control, one of your favorite topics. No. Didn't see it. Talk about how they need to revamp the program and it may be a more costly or... Oh, yeah. They need to be rampant so they can get 20 bucks instead of 10. Now you're talking. Yeah. Well, no one was talking about actually. Well, I want to say stuck there, pipe up the rectum. Those ringling brothers, circus vehicles that were coming through here yesterday that they had the traffic all tied up on Monday. Well, they were talking about doing it every other year as opposed to every year. Great. And now you're talking. Making it called 2250 for each inspection. Yeah. And that's basically it. But they did it. So, in other words, what they're doing is they're wearing down your resistance. We'll give them the extra buck and a quarter each year as well. That comes out to if we have the convenience of not doing it every year. I say, okay, it's worth it to me. Yeah. So, that's all I got. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. By the way, speaking of Jack and a price done, everybody you are aware by the way, that's been just four days. You know, what's going up a penny, of course? Not the sales tax. No. You're not aware of this? Well, of course, you probably don't send out in the letters. No, you have one bill that you get and you give that one to me. Huh? Now, seriously, the price of postage, Mr. You have for a million of this is going up the 33 cents a stamp. 33 cents a stamp. I can't remember the last time I bought a stamp. Oh. Why don't buy a stamp? Very hard for me, because I have to put that postage meter from 32 up to 33. No. That should take me at least one half a second. Grave robbers, you people, like I said before, I don't want to get started on the, again, the whole deal with a post office and getting them meal forward. I still, you know, even my boxed over there and they're very nice people where I go to get my mail. You know, I get it whenever, whenever it decides to show up. Whatever to hello. I don't know what to deal with, and I'm sure there's something I'm not getting at all. But hey, you know, that's the way it goes. But don't complain about that. Just give us more money, more money, and more money. And then we'll start delivering you mail before midnight. Maybe if you're lucky. I want to bang you in the bot, honey. On December 1st, 1997, Kenny G. made musical history when he played one note on his saxophone for 45 minutes and 47 seconds for the stock. Now, you can know the copies that record breaking song along with 12 note just like it on the new CD, Kenny G. One note wonder, you'll listen for hours to the hunting sound of the seizure. Thanks to the Bunker and inspiration of G.B. Make love for hours to the always run message A-flat. And of course, cheer for Kim as he plays the record breaking song. There hasn't been this much excitement in the music world since Johnny fell asleep at the keyboard. And he said, later, he shot nine as in an instant, verticaled, continuously with 12 hours. Terry G. One note wonder, you'll love it. Even if you don't like music, he passes it's not. It's 1 to 32 out of 50 what it is though. It works the lotion in the basket. 28 till noon at 5.60. WQM Hankleby at the show was at Wednesday. Right. He'll be at the show was at the tour clock. And then at 6th of the book, Sean B. The Orangehead. And at 830, we got the pre-game show. The Panthers had Colorado night. They tied the Phoenix last night to two in some of a boring lackluster. I would say effort. I have no idea how they got the time goal by the way because they haven't watched the tape yet. But they water up at the two-two-time against a beaten-up injured the Phoenix team. Here's Hialia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Yeah, I'm Neil. Good morning. I want to bring up a subject that you're on yesterday. Some about the snails. Yes. Yeah. When I wrote a little bit, it's hard to do. Yeah. When I lived over in Italy, we ate a lot of those snails. We had to get up early in the morning, up in the mountains, and go out and look for the tracks that they left on the ground. They lived in the old tracks? You know, snail tracks. It's like a little slime. And it looks the same slime that's on the bottom of the flan, right? Right. Yeah. Like that. It comes in handy for a lot of things. Yeah. Anyway, sometimes... And of course, those attackants with the big noses, I'm sure they leave lots of that smotling around on the ground for you to track. I don't know if I could relate to that. But anyway... In fact, that booker about mommy wasn't the attackant, I think? But anyway... Yeah. So with the follow these tracks, and then finally you come upon the snail. Yeah. And we'd collect about 25 or 30 of them. Well, I mean, like, where do you go to find snail tracks? They write it there on the ground. They're outside and there... Yeah, they're in the woods. They're in the woods on the ground. And you just look for those tracks. And when you follow those tracks, you'll come upon this snail. And then we'd bring them home, and we'd put them in a container of water and leave them there, and change the water each day. So they could crap each day. Yeah. And after that, we'd be saying... How was the snail crapping in the ground if it didn't have the water to crapping? Well, no, what we did was we date crapped right on the ground. We'd let the clean amazement... Well, let me ask you, don't all animals that are out there and the ground are they like crapped on the ground I would assume? Yeah, they do. I mean, don't think they go like a nearest pond to eliminate, do they? No, they're probably going to be behind the water. So let's see, a bottom line all of us. They're just phenomenal story about the framing. Perfect. We'll see what we need anything. They won't need anything in the water. They wouldn't have to crapping anywhere to three days that'd be completely clean. Oh, I put it in what you're seeing. You put it in all of their... Right. They get it all out of their water. We do this morning. You know, a lot of us just... Right. About three days, and then the water, when it's finally clean, then we could put them in a pan of olive oil, with a little garlic or something. Right. And then they detached themselves from the shell, and then you could pick them out and eat them. Huh? And this was like in the toa-billy colopria, down around the lower... Oh, yeah, they're big on that, down there. Yeah. In fact, if you go down just a little bit further, they could have before they even wasted time with it. They would like to size it with a cord, and they were pretty good sized. Very good. They would delicious. Very delicious. That's got to go be good. Very good. Okay. All right. I'm going to go out and hunt some right now, as a matter of fact. I'm going to go out and look for some... Relax. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2, and five hundred and eight five six seven, five sixty, five sixty on the AT&T, why does one? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, I don't want to burst your bubble, but with all the money you make, and the garbage is just used out of your mouth. Why don't you buy your own equipment? Yeah, there you go. That's right. Why don't I buy my own radio station too? Okay. Okay. Why don't I buy my own phone? That's right. Isn't that the way the business works, you buy your own equipment? No. No. That was good. Excellent. Don't want to burst my bubble, but thank you, sir, for taking me here for two years too. You're self-employing your mama. Two open lines in Broward, five five hundred and eight, five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T, where are the slimes? But all the money that I make, why how have I got the audacity to expect that these, these leads possibly should expand anybody to build like a real radio station with all the big bucks that I'm making. Excellent logic, sir. You're a genius. You're a goddamn rocket scientist. And also probably a slipper too from the sound of it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay. Driving down 440. That would be like the heat saying, hey, listen, the lines of what all the money we're paying you, why don't you build your own goddamn arena? Yes, go ahead, I'm sorry. I was driving down 441. I couldn't believe it. I got your signal clear as a bill. I'm 441. Well, no wonder nobody's calling me. They're all sitting on on 441. Yeah, because normally when I drive down and I'm a locksmith, and I'm driving down the wall. No, 441, no, no. If I'm on the, if I'm on the, I'll be off of 441, I get you perfect. Right. I drive 2 feet on. Second, I get on 441, nothing but that. I drive down there, and it's clear as a bill. Well, thank God for the good news. There's something. All right. All we need to do is we call, we'll have a look. Thanks a lot, sir. There you go. You're going to be a 441. You're talking. They don't need any goddamn equipment. We have one call on the board, okay? Oh, this is just misery. This is punishment. I'm coming here and flicking punishment on myself for my dog and bloody diarrhea. Why should I be punished for that? I have no idea. Just the way life works. Life is a bunch of five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. And what's the point for the dolphin game? Yeah, where is the rest of your material, pal? That's it. Say, hey, no material. Not the little wise guy trying to, then this is that, this is the idea of a sit down comedy, okay? What's the point for the dolphin game? Call up any of the other 20 hours in ACER. I'm sure that'll be glad to tell you, okay? I'm sure that'll be glad to tell you. Give the number of 20 or 30 bookies. Neil Rogers goes on strike. Market down in your calendar. 1137. Where's some good stuff here? Where are you some stuff? How about the carpet? Okay, that should put you in the coma. 1137 on January the 6th Wednesday. Not only six days into the new year. And this audience puts old Uncle Neil, old Fat Uncle Neil, and a good god damn immediate terminal coma. With their great sense of humor, with their lack of material, with their lack of anything coherent to say. Nice going. Sit back, Uncle. I'm still here. What do you think you're wearing? We just want them up. Thank you. But first, we'd better do a little break here, right? 22 till noon at 5.60 WQAM. Want to get yourself a great T-Gar. Then go down and see our friends at Mixed Agares. In fact, a great way to sample all their exclusive cigars is to join our friends from Mixed Agares. The big smoke hosted by cigar fishing auto. It's been held on January the 12th, that's a week from that next to Tuesday. Last time I checked from 7 to 10 PM at the Grand Ballroom of Lowes, Miami Beach. The nice features complemented with cigars, food, wine and spirits. The big smoke always sells out. So call for tickets today. 212, 481, 0330. That's 212, 480, 0330. George will be there by the way, and he'll take all the free cigars. You bring him. And whatever else you got, they don't want. He'll take that too. The Iran scores are written by the ways I've been telling you the last few days. And more than people in Mixed are mighty proud and they should be. cigar insider has picked the best cigars of the whole year 1998. Not just from this neck of the woods, but for the entire world. And five on the list of the top 25 are from Mixed Agares. In fact, they're the only manufacturer in the universe. That's got as many as five on the list. So even some of the top famous names, the most expensive brands like Cohiba, Monaco, the old Pasex and La Gloria Cubana don't score any better. In fact, some of them even lower than Mixed Agares, including that super new predoma reserve, which I got one in my post right now. So if you really appreciate a real good cigar, not some cheap times to a piece of garbage, something really great. Then get yourself down to Mixed. Today's a good day to do it because today and every Tuesday and Wednesday, you go to Mixed. You say, New York just sent me by the give you a 10% discount on all the great smoking goodies and the express Reese 2. Next cigar 71 11 West Lager, one of my east of the flaggers today is the palm of the middle. You may call an 305 266 9007. Monaco, the old RNG was a great big stick. She goes down and gets it at max. More fat, ladies, you'll follow you to A. That's the shit. Are you sick of tossing and turning because you can't sleep at night, and it'd be up for work in a few hours. All I want is a little shut-eye. Then why not kick back and relax with crime-life records new double-feeding and a sound of silence? That's right. Let your cares melt away with the soothing, relaxing, peaceful, tranquility of complete and utter nothingness on this ridiculous, digitally remastered timeless CD of pure noise with sorority. You'll hear so in psychness. And this... Plus, if you act now for those of you who vacation in the country and can't get to sleep without the ambient noise of a bustling, thriving metropolis, well also throw in at no additional charge, sounds of the city. Wow, it sounds just like a real red and fussy, instantly, possibly they've heard them all count. Now I can find the different shut-eye. To order the sounds of silence in the free crappy bonus CD, sounds of the city called 1-800-A-Matotal Global Idiot and all by anything, selling their COD. And how about those diet pills from a doctor's still in two? 17 till noon at 5, 60 WCM. So anyway, Dr. Bernstein in this book just too very short paragraph. So, okay, bear with me all you fat people out there that want to, you know, don't want to hear the truth. He says, so what are carbohydrates? He's talking about the various different types of protein and carbohydrates in fat. He says the technical answer is the carbohydrates, there are chains of sugar molecules. The carbohydrates we eat are mostly chains of glucose molecules. The shorter the chain, the sweeter the taste. Some chains are longer and more complicated, simple and complex carbohydrates, having many links that even branches. But simple or complex carbohydrates are composed entirely of sugar. Sugar. Oh my God. Sugar, you might act holding up a slice of coarse ground seven grain bread. This is sugar. Well, in a word, at least after you digest it, with some important exceptions, carbohydrates or foods derived primarily from plant sources, such as vegetables, grains and fruits, have the same effect on blood glucose levels that table sugar does. The ADA is recently recognized officially, by the way, for example, that bread is a spastic acting a carbohydrate as table sugar. Not like that. Whether you eat a piece of the nutty of a tool grain bread, drink a cocoa, have a dollop of mashed potatoes, the effect on blood glucose levels is the same. Your blood sugar rises, F-A-S-T, fat. Oh, that's Dr. Bernstein. Here's a mobile in for a lot of it. Hello. Neil God. Yes sir. Matthew, don't give me a happy bass out. Happy portal. Happy surface. A couple of things to bring back to Spanish guys. No, it's much more authoritative than it always makes me crack up. Bring what back? Spanish guys, no. You're using the other guys, no. What's the Spanish guys, no? That's Laura King. No, does he Spanish? That's where I Spanish. Yes. Oh, I can't. All right, need more boys. And by the way, last night, the crossfire, you really want to rock the lightning. Just cocking the chanel, unbelievable. They're trying to finally try to, you know, start to open up Cuba and she just won't hear about it, of course. Mm-hmm. Yeah. She will let her. Hmm. Hmm. Okay, thanks, Glenn. Glenn, hello there. The board doing a little, uh. Oh, no. Hmm. Two open arms and a braward. Five six, seven, five, sixty. I rest my case. I mean, this is, you hear it. This is it. This is what's out there, man. Five six, seven, five, sixty. Too bad we didn't get first to that, the stick and lady at the, uh, a book a library, huh? I could have killed a couple hours on that. But I'm going to start doing this. I'm going to start listening to Rick and Sudge in the morning and steal an air subject matter. We'll talk about the stock market. I like Rick and Sudge. I really do. They're good guys. Well, let's go to. Two ways. I'm just going to say that every day is to piss off the folks and he's so thin skin, now it's so paranoid. Boy, talk about juvenile man. Go off the phone. Get a pair of waila and dilute some white while you're at it. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Neil, what's the difference between acne and a priest? Okay, let's go to the way that was a little kid. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once. Going twice. Mobile in Miami is gone. Let's try a call from Tampa. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Australian Shepherd's my friend. Did that spell happen in the world? I want to be you, sir. Where's it on the list? I want list. Okay, we have two open lines in date. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Where I'll just line call all the way from Tampa to share that with us. Thank you, sir. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Mobile in call springs. Hello. Yes, sir. You would talk about sugar, fat, weight, loss. What you're saying about sugar is correct. However, not talking of the diabetic side, but the person trying to lose weight. Okay, I'm just looking for a few years, 70 pounds. I've got them a 44 way to a 32. Great. If you need to combo hydrate for sugar, however, if you need to, to break down, there's simple and complex. Yes. Simple are the fruits and the juices. When you have those items that have the sugar. I don't know. We're talking weight loss, sir. Yes. Okay. So when you take a simple combo hydrate into your body, if the body does just need it, at that particular time, it will score it back into fact. So what you do is, if you want to, if you take in the combo hydrate, if the right time of day, when you're working out and when you're training and watching your diet, if you take the complex warwood, which are the bread, the right, they take longer for the, even though they go into the body, you sugar, they take longer to get into the system. So the body will burn up that sugar at a better rate than going into your body and turning it to fat to the store, which is what the fat does do. They store the sugar and items that are not being used in necessary, if that particular time. Yeah. And so if you're working with more, that's fine. But most people have got a carbohydrate problem. It's not going to work for them. Would do their dime that it could not. Okay. Keep it up. Okay. See they don't want it. I mean, it works for him, whatever that's right. So they're going to make all kinds of arguments because they don't want to face the facts. That he has to, for the most part, most of us have to stop beating those carbohydrates period. But what is this guy? No, I mean, to see no anything that's knocked in, of course not. He's just making it up. We have an open line in day one in Broward, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile in for a lot of nail. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got the, I've become the greatest cook of non-carb dessert because I'm huge, sweet and I make a custard with no sugar, no carbs, a cheesecake. And what do you choose cooking again? If I never saw, if I ever see a diet cheesecake again, whoever brings it in, then on his spot. I don't want to see it. You got to try my souffl though. If you put six eggs, a pint of heavy cream. Uh-huh. A package of, no, where do you stick it? Breakfast, oh, yeah. The recipe, equal pack. Yeah. And you make it on 400 for 30 minutes. No, no thanks. Okay, we have an open line of day one in Broward. I'll stick to the flan first, okay. Finally, that slides out real good. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in for a lot of nail. Hello. That sounded like a fruity gourmet to me. Mobile in for a lot of nail. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. First time caller. All right. Happy new year to you. Uh-huh. Along the lines of the sugar, I found Ben and Jerry's in the half gallon size. Yeah. Only two flavors. Um, Jerry Garcia and chocolate chip cookie dough. Yeah. Right at, uh, so what does that mean along the lines of the sugar? What is that mean? Well, I'm not sure. Talking about the diabetes and the sugar. Yeah. If you want to have the one to sugar coma, get the half down there. And the other thing I think that would, that would finish me off great with a smile on my push. Yeah. Yeah. Chocolate chip cookie dough and Jerry Garcia. You're making it in half gallons, uh, huh? Yeah. And BJ's wholesale club in Sunrise. Yeah. That's right by me. Yeah. So I just started letting you know about that. I'll see you there about two 30. Okay. Okay. Okay. We have two open lines in Broward 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Hey. I just want to sympathize with you, uh, your dog. I know a good bed is really hard to find. Um, personal experience. We took our dog in, uh, to the vet. He checked it out. He said everything was fine. He died the next day. Oh, the way? No. You're the dog. No. I wish the vet died. Yeah. He died the next day. From what? Well, he had a hernia in his, he had a hernia. Yeah. Exactly. And he couldn't go to the bathroom. So what is the daughter hernia in his rectum? What's all of that? Yeah. He had a hernia. He had a bruised with him. So he couldn't go to the bathroom. So the doctor, the veterinarian recommended a, a, a accident for the dog. So we gave them, you know, the accident. If he went to the bathroom and find the next day, he was going to be operated on. We took him in. The doctor said he was fine. The following day he died. The doctor said he was fine. He didn't say your dog was fine. Doctor. Doctor. Well, yeah, right. I guess we misunderstood him. Right. But yeah. I call him very carefully when they're speaking. They're writing down like so much for this and so much for that. They're writing down the lab charges all that stuff. Yeah. So it's not a very clear failure. It's really difficult. But because I mean, this thought was in our family for 12 years. Yeah. I mean, I, I, I love him. Here's what kind of a dog wasn't. He was a mix. He was a little mixed that we found on three years old. No, he was. He came when I, he's been with us for 12 years. Well, how was that? But how was he when you got him? He was a puppy. He was a puppy. He was a lot of maybe a year old. So another thing he was 13 years old. We're around there. Yeah, that's old enough. Okay. We have an open line in day two and a Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. What is this guy want for Quen. A lot of dogs don't live forever. Do they? Oh, there you go for Christ's Jesus. He had a bruised. Back home. That was it. Probably happy to be out of his misery at this point. He's probably up there in doggy heaven dropping little bombs from the sky. In fact, every day every now and then you're flying into playing. You look out to window. You see, look at that. There's a little Christmas log. It's not a you will log. It's a phyto, which is dog. Top of the little remembrance back on us. Two open lines in Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Here's the oral gables. Hello. New. New. New. Okay. Thank you. Once you all got the musical accompanied very good sir kept him off the street. Beauty. Thank you. That's probably the guy that's got the head and the paper to the for those pills. Either that or what's your name's. The energy's worth. We have an open line today five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the 18 T line. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. How are you today? Okay. I'm a fat pig. Well, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I mean, why would you get upset about that? I'm not upset. About seven weeks ago. Not a super five thing. About seven weeks ago, you were talking about a book. I involved a Harrison Act. And I was wondering what the name of that book was. Could I went to go and first it at when he's bookstores. Was right by James Beauvard. One more time over the last right James Beauvard. It's a paperback. B O V A R D is the author. Well, thank you. Last right. And back to you. Open line and day one and grow. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the worst day of my life. Just when you think it couldn't possibly be any worse. You get up. You dog wakes you up two thirty in the morning. You're tossing and turning because you work for a bum fork operation. You then know your dog. A lot of a sudden all over the place. And he starts getting a lot of getting bloody stool. And then you come in here for this. You're coming here for this. And like I said, thank God there's the check at the end of the rainbow here. Like the last couple of days. I'm looking at the weather in Amsterdam and other European cities. It's warmer there than it is here. Oh, they got a few showers, a little cloudy. But you know, when it's like that here. Then you really know your pain and wicked price. At least when the sun is shining, it's a decent day. It's okay. There's one reason to be here besides the paycheck. There's something. But when it's cold and bitter and raining and nasty and almost like up north and you're freezing your tussles off, you say holy crap, man. This ain't worth it. You're not going to go my baby. My dog was making an editorial comment. Here's a mobile info. A lot of deal. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? I'm glad to come on the radio and let us know what idiots there are in Florida. A native bin here all my life. And I'm glad somebody can really recognize this. What did me to recognize that? I've been here for 500 years. It's like something new. I've been talking about this since the second week after I was here. Well, this is true. This is true. But I don't think he's putting it away. It's not getting better. It's getting worse. Send a ball for MRIs and it'll be nothing there, believe me. Yeah. And. And. And. And. And I say, okay. We have an open line in, and he's talking. Open line in date. 5. 5. 5. But town with no material. See, it's not a question. Ask not where your tacos. It's what the audience brings to the table. They bring anything. No, you're going to napkin. No, nothing. A sanitary napkin. No, no. They bring nothing to the table. Not even a folk. Not even a spoon. Not even a paper plate. Here's a mobile in the North Miami Beach, Ella. Yes, sir. I love you. How are you? Okay. Happy New Year. First of all, what's the matter with the puppy? What's the matter with the puppy? I don't know. The vet will probably tell me he's got a case of. Whatever he's got. Yeah, I know you. You know, he's 10 years old. He's getting really old. You know, we spoke once about the end of the problem with the would be years in the moisture and all of that. That's the other. That's not the same dog. Okay. That's another dog. Don't get my golden retriever's ears. Mixed up with my little dogs. Bloody diarrhea. Okay. I apologize. I'm not having a toy doll. Thank God. And all in fact, you just conjured up an image for me. If the big dog ever got an all boy, that would be the end of the end of that. We'd like to get in the car and drive away. Well, you better get another half of the people. And you're right. The vet can be pretty rough. But there are some wonderful vet around. I'm not sure. I haven't discovered any. Maybe maybe they're talking to a new one at my joint. I went through this morning. Somebody haven't seen me for. They seem to have like revolving but a new one there. Maybe she's like an expert in what you know is what they'll she's doing. I hope I pray. Well, I don't know if you want to mention name. No, I don't. I mean, he was a place but there's a big facility. Probably not too far. You're right. I'm 95 and one. Hollywood Boulevard. That's not far from me. Well, plantation makers. I'm going to split that little piece of crap to a Hollywood. Yeah. It's worth it. No, it's not. There are big facility. Well, if I got a few. I knew this for you. You know what? A little neurotic dog is like just driving him from my house to not the five minutes away. He's already got the green apple crystal. He's having a nervous breakdown. He's jumping all over the idea of driving that dog the Hollywood. I mean, you know, I'm sitting at the house looking in the microwave and then thinking about driving a Hollywood. It's not a tough contest. An easy call. It's 11 to be 75, 50 WQM time for lunch. It's an easy call where to go if you're anywhere near the day viewer. That's the pizza law. Come a fantastic pizza. Three different kinds of great pizza. And all kinds of phenomenal goodies like the award winning lasagna that Jeff Cohen is notorious for. And the best garlic rolls in the world. And there are strong bullies and calzones and super subs. Chicken catcher, Tory, traditional pasta favorites. They got them all spaghetti and meatballs are sausage big ZD. Totally with cheese sauce, which really is a knockout. And they got all kinds of combination that are still with your favorite sauces. It's not only pick what you want in the combination plate, but you pick the sausage you like on him too. Chicken and deal an eggplant. Stuff shells are lasagna, Madacotta combinations. Absolutely sensational. Best thing to love about the loft is the fact that they give you big fresh portions and very modest prices. They have a fresh lunch specials. If you can't make it over their phone or fast viewer to win, it'll be ready in just a matter of moments called 9.5.4. 9.16.88. 9.16.88. 8.8 for lunch for dinner for late night sex. Anytime you're to move for great attack in American food, this is the place pizza loft on the University of Drod in the pizza loft plaza right between Griffin and 5.95. Next to Nova South Eastern, kitty corner from cities buffet right behind pure one imports. Pizza loft, not the fact is not the cheapest. They just be the best. The Neil Roger show now on 5.60 WPU-AM Miami Fort Latterdale. Yeah, push. Hi, come on! Tonight on CBS, in America's funniest elephants with bladder infections. That is the biggest thing I've ever seen. Oh no, that's not my new driver. America's funniest elephants with bladder infections. That's tonight right after lunch. You're always attacked. You'll get a fuck over. Okay, that's our poll question today. By the way, what's worse? Elephants with bladder infections are a little mintens with the bloody diarrhea. That's our poll question. It's a minute past noon at 5.60. What's wrong with them? I mean, that's just the way it is. That's life. That's God again. Okay. God invented bloody diarrhea. I know that's very distasteful, especially right at noon. It's right lunch hour. I'm sorry. But you religious assholes out there. God, you can't blame anybody else for that. You can't blame bad dietary habits. He's been eating the same food for like a year now. It must be God invented bloody diarrhea. Thank you, God. Thank you, Lord. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm losing my boy. Sorry. You too. I got something for the table for you. Yes? I had the same experience from different vets. And what happened? I called this local clinic. They came out to my house. And they had X-ray. They had, sir. Certainly this morning, I had like, I had to come to work. So I had no choice. I had no alternative. And I certainly wasn't going to leave the dog in the house alone. You know, my big dog is smart. But I don't think he's competent to let the little dog out. Every now and then we use about to do a crawl over the floor. No, I guess I wouldn't help. Now, you don't have to worry about that. That's what he's done. We are not a good idea to leave him alone in the house. Anyway, I couldn't leave a number with the offline. If you might be interested in the future, because it did help me. Okay. That would be great. All right, buddy. Thanks. Hang on. Thanks. Okay. Line 6. Take that. In fact, I had a number of a mobile vet, which I lost. That's a good idea to come to your house. They do the grooming. They do a little minor things. And they also do looking important things. Sounds excellent to me. In fact, I think they ought to have like mobile doctors. Like we used to have years ago. I was reading that there are a few doctors in my house. I took my blood, came in here, stabbed me a couple of times. Open line of day count. He's 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. See the thing about that. He liked it. I got a call before. I'm glad he's losing weight. But he wants to project his personal experience to everybody else. And I'm telling you, sir, if you have severe carbohydrate intolerance, like most of us, fat Americans have got that the bread and the rice and the potatoes and the pasta. And all the other things that you're rating about. You're still not going to work. It's going to make you FAT, P-H-H-T, P-H-I-S-H-F-O-D, okay? Fat. Here's floor to city, hello. floor to city. Hello. Yes, sir. View. I just want to know what do you have against black people? What do I have against black people? Is that interesting? We haven't said one more to about black people today. But out of the way. What is it? Usually do. Usually do one. Talk, say something about black people. Like what black people? Like the kids. What black people are those? All of them. All of them. Yeah. Like John Coniors from a Michigan? No. Like Julian Bond? No. Like Barbara Jordan Restin, P-Sia. Aren't those black people I just mentioned? Yeah. What about gay people? You don't know that. Forget about gay people. What about black people? What are the black people I'm talking about? I'm experiencing something similar to the I this way. Let's talk about black people. Bad people? What is it? We're talking about Black people. All black people. Good. Great. When are you calling a woo good girl coming down with Ken? Uh huh. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? You didn't call theo you. You da%$ c ton Lin and gay. I didn't call the co2 call me sid response! Start  his the way was good back. friend got a sentence. He's your friend got a sense of humor or not. No, he doesn't have one. Well, time to get one. Okay, an attempt to humor too. Just friend don't have one. If you can tie one on. God. Cool, smokey, scum, sparky, nigger, spear chucker. I mean, what's the problem with that? Okay, cloud, there were words. That's the message from this show, sir. Words are meaningless. Okay, even the little kid sticks and stones. All out of the bull crap. Okay. Tell your friend to grow up and get a goddamn life and lighten up a little bit, so to speak. We have an open line in Dammy. Leave it to a guy like this in the middle of nowhere. I'm all of some of the discussion of the 425 things I'm talking about and the one or two of the audience might be responding to. All of a sudden he wants to start talking about little, I have against black people. Sir, I like nice people. Whether they're black, whether they're white, whether they're whatever hell they might be, whether they're hoops, I don't care what they are. But people who are illiterate and people who reproduce like rabbits who are irresponsible, those people are not too crazy about. I think the ought to be, you know, sterilized, forcibly. Whether they're black or white or whatever they might be. Here's Miami, hello. Miami, going once. Oh, this is a picnic with not the ants. Oh no, I think it's back. It's a picnic with the ants. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hey, you know. Yes, sir? How you doing? Okay. How do you get how the class class up? Like you, I've been battling the weight up and down for years and years and years. And like other people have called in, I've been on programs where I do eat and I have eaten all those things you mentioned, the bread and the rice and still lost weight. Okay. My question you was, the Athens is promised on what? Absolutely no complex, copper hydrates at all. No cat, my score wide, red, right? Zero. Reds, no potatoes, no rice, nothing. Correct. But you can eat everything else as much as you want. No, no, of course not as much as you want. Well, you know, I mean, you can have up to 11 years of, in the weekend, you can have about 20 or 30 grams of complex carbohydrates. Okay. And you can have a nice big fat piece of steak and ton of skin vegetables and all that kind of stuff and when you cut out this carbohydrates, you're saying that's what's called this the problems. Right. Okay. I just, you know, because I'm confused, you know, everybody says, you say no fat, low fat, a beef of a beef, you know, it doesn't. And it's a fraud. It doesn't work for 99% of the people. They come out with these lists every few months. They keep doing these studies and the Americans are getting fat, or in fat, or in fat, or in fat, or in the keep a hot, animal these. All they're all in is is merchandising. Don't you understand, low fat this, low fat that, low fat salad dressing, low fat, black, well, it doesn't work. It doesn't work. Where the food's falling with that, then? What is it? On the on the acnes, you can have a little bit of food, very little, very minimal. Okay. All right. Well, just, you know, hi. It's a food sugar. Let me say it again. Right. Sugar. No sugar. Cut out this sugar. Okay. I just, uh, I buy a, I think it may do as to get the book, but I just, uh, that's exactly why I pick up the book and you'll thank me for and haven't good luck yet. Open line in day, 500 in Broward, 560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on a mobile one line, 8 minutes past noon a few way. I'm going to be ever trying to get money from a bank one of those big hot shot letting institutions. I bet you a lot of you people out there trying to do that. And you live to tell about it, but not too happy. They give you a run around. They give you the first degree, the second degree, the third degree. They want your shoes size. Never a couple of days. They keep calling back for more information. And by the time they finish, they worry you out. And then at the end of the whole day, you may not get the money after all. If you want to get some money for any good reason, they easy way. Talk to our good friends, Mike carton, Jake. They've been helping people just like you in his town since way back in 1982. There's never an application fee. There are no hidden charges. No run around. No BS today, Atlantic Coast mortgage. And in most cases, Mike carton, Jake can get you approved in 24 hours. They can even take your application information right over the phone if you like. And with interest rates as low as they are right now, now is a smart time to get yourself a first or second mortgage, even a debt consolidation loan. So get the personal service you want. I'm dessert. Forget all the BS, the third degree. Call A Atlantic Coast mortgage two day. You'll have money in no time. In date, county call 305 944-0733. That's 305 944-0733. And Browdon Palm Beach call 954-987 8797. 954-987 8777. Get yourself some money to painless way from A Atlantic Coast mortgage. This is 560. You A L. If you've been looking for a cellular phone, but you don't want the credit hassle's contracts and our rage is monthly bills that comes with it. It's time you discover track phone. Track phone is a free pain cellular phone that requires absolutely no credit checks, no security deposits, and no monthly access fees. Finally, you know what you pay. You never get an unpleasant surprise with a steep monthly cell phone bill because with track phone you buy airtime in advance. It's cellular service that's convenient and available to anyone. Anytime, anywhere. Take your track phone with you wherever you go. It works just like a normal cell phone. And with nationwide coverage, you can always stay in touch. No matter where you are, track phone makes a great get for people to deny traditional cellular service due to credit or employment history. It's also perfect for students to keep in touch with a family with affluent and monthly budgets. Everyone qualifies them. There's no age limits with track phone. It's easy to buy and easy to use. Get your track phone now. You can't be rejected. Finally, in your nearest Eckerd photo addicts, rest door or radio check. Are the phone and pay for the airtime as you go? As much as little as you want, track phone. Everyone dances at a cellular. You know what car accident is? It's all you've done. It's all you've done. It's all you've done. And right now, your self-ported audio dealers are celebrating 20 years of incredible sales with the biggest sales event in history. You're a chimpanzee. We can see what never before on brand new 99 cameras. Holders with all the options you want. Narrow check. It's 29. Yes, get your 0.29 on a month for America's special income. The 1999 camera. Or 5 with 0.5 payment. Lots get Toyota's on savings on 4-1. It's draft 4. Adelaide. The end of it. Even the all-new solaror group. You know what? It's 20 years of Toyota's 5.20 years of savings. We're in 2019 99 cameras. He caught himself. Florida. We're off for you. But the nine months we can't go to my town of the group. The docks had west to mile high studio for the AFC playoffs and a rematch with the Super Bowl champion, Jin Vir Bronco Saturday. Bill Sympere and Jim Edditch call the action. Town Governor Ticop starts at noon, King Time 415 on sports radio 560 2 A.m.. That's my pawnies, Julien. I've spent with a great pen I've thought it hard a time To reach my guitar But she bests, they made me stop My prayers are small, I know you're fair Not safe, they are my own And as long as my career goes on I will never show them Oh my god, you have to be a beautiful Well, 13 at 5.60 WCM, there's that BDI little People, you look like representative Charles Kennedy, a floor on their former Democrat by the way, turn Republican Because he couldn't hide his true colours anymore Let me say it again, anybody who ate it all of garden I can tell you everything you need to know I wonder if that big character got a job back by the way Little teacher Here's a candle, hello Yes sir Yes? I was looking for your website And I can't find it's been down for a lot No, that one doesn't exist anymore Neorodges.com, that's the official law That's it, that's it, that's it That's the one Neorodges not that Neil God Right, all right, thanks a lot Neil Okay, there is no Neil God Virginia We have an open line in date 5.60, 5.50, 5.60 At a mobile one line Here's a mobile in four miles Hello Over there We're there Hey, Neil, here First off, I'll show you a minute, listen to you for years I'm over four miles But I've been telling my wife about the Dick and Citer Yeah, can you play that? No Two open lines in date 5.60, 5.50, 5.50, 5.50, 5.50, on a mobile one I'll get to a foul, I'll play it for you Okay, don't take it person, I'll play it I just thought it was not a lot better to say No, okay, because they're not doing like all the requests But they were trying to, we're trying to have a few conversations That's why they call it a talk show As opposed to, hey, my wife, you want to put a button Side what? Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach Hello Yes sir Yes, I'm a Floridian boarding Jacksonville So I'm probably a Yanzu as you call Could be I love your show, I hope to win the lottery one day I'm going to put a station up there with you on it Anyway, I was responding to that But do I have to buy my own equipment? No, I want to, I want to sign a cast Yep, they're with all the bad guys to really screw with them All right, I was in one and four miles Man, they're not too happy about it But that's the one good thing about this old house We get to piss off those vessels on the west coast Jacksonville's the son of a southern Baptist convention With Homer Lenzzi, his name himself Homolenzzi Oh right That's him, yeah Oh right I was responding to that guy about the act in the diet I'm on it right now About 45 pounds If you read the book, it's everything you take A multivitamin to make up for the vitamins That you lose in the vegetables You know, it's a greatest diet out here I don't care what anybody says I agree If you're one of those people that really can't be with the carbohydrates Especially if you're diabetic I mean, well, what see there are a lot of these people They make it real complicated and they act like, well, yeah, you know, they have to I mean, that's because they're already making excuses When you talk to somebody who gives you that song of a dance You know they're not going to do it anyway, so why do I? Well, they also say they go, well, I could have a big stick Sure, but I've got to have at least a half a baked potato No, they can You don't even want a baked potato when you get on the diet after God You know, what a real person have a big juicy rib eye I didn't need any baked potato Let them get a little brighter and a little more mushrooms on the side Or some broccoli would cheese sauce on it But they'll need a baked potato for There you go, I think in smoked fish dip And eat it on a, I'll give you a little secret on the smoked fish dip Not for me I don't like fish anything fish You know that cheese spread and stuff like that, this real low in carbs Yeah, you do on, you do on, if you go to like publics and get their pork rinds Right, the hot spicy, you know, you said it should crack or they have no carbs in it That's right, those are okay except after the first two three bags, you know I get a little bit of gaming in your throat Yeah, real, okay, keep it up Great, great, great, great, great See, there's a guy he's a believer he knows it works I mean, stand on it, it's not easy, like Dr. Mark said yesterday Once you go off it boom, you just to balloon back up again It's not, it's not a diet, it's what we got to do And it's not easy because we're addicted to sugar And you don't want to hear that, you don't want to hear me because you can't stand here And it's the guy damn truth, you're addicted to sugar, God damn it I'm addicted, I'm an addict How come you can come on here and talk about being an ex-alkaholic You talk about being an former drug addict, that's okay And people like they feel sorry for you and they, you know, I understand, oh, whatever But if you say I'm a sugar addict, they look at you, oh, huh, you know what's me I said, if I, why don't we have a song, poker branch you do a song Sugar is good for you, the tune of beer is good for you Sugar is good for you, you know, just keep sucking it down Baby and kill in yourself, I mean, it's okay to kill yourself Just ask Dr. Jack, you'll tell you, it'd be okay But just know that you're doing it You're sacrificing your life so that all the food manufacturers can put all this stuff in a store All these guy damn potato chips and all this other addictive crap that you can't even do it You don't need four or five dozen and all the other garbage that we stick in our bodies And like I've been saying for years, is there anybody out there that's got a car that's worth more than 50 bucks That would put dog crap in our gas tank No, no That would put water in our gas tank No But the fuel for your body because we've been brainwashed, we've been conditioned to eating pure on a delirated crap most of our lives Crap that's made somewhere in a machine that's artificially made in a machine so that all appeal to your taste buds Not that's healthy and good for you that keeps clogging your arteries and making you fat or fat or and thicker And thicker and thicker so we can all work our rosy odomal someday Name is she a pig or what she is not only fat, she's just a pig Right all she needs is what about you know they only have those fake like the Arkansas fans the other well they call me Fake pigners with the rubber band the hogs me the yeah exactly they should put a fake pig nose on that bitch Just let her oink for the whole hour that she's under that rosy odomal Jesus Christ what in God's name? It goes to show again about the American housewives out there they're watching Oprah they're watching who's also you know like depending on which week it is either way 340 pounds What are the other from one week to the next and what rosanne and let us say it again That's how she could be doing a talk show all my god. I would watch how we man del before I watch rosanne and I would like to know my brains out before I watch how we man del Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello How are you doing okay sir? Two quick points first of all I just wanted to let you know why when purchased a farewell we got by Charles Templeton I started it and great So I want to take my time reading it though because I'm just trying to absorb all of it Now where did you get it? I got it through amazon dot top right that's the guy you could only get through the 1 800 number right night I went home and ordered it And it's pretty deep pretty good stuff. I encourage any of your listeners to pick it up and read it And then again, let me say this. There's the guy who was one of Billy Graham's best buddies for years and years in the early days as ministers He was a preacher for about 500 years and then he suddenly realized this is all a bunch of bullcraft Well, I mean if he was at some huh? This whole point was people started asking him questions about the faith that he didn't have the answers to right so he encouraged Billy Graham Let's go get educated and we'll just say about Billy said I'll make him more money this way Exactly Second ball just yeah, we're not on the gambling boats and I mentioned to one of the people working there that they got a bad rap from the Sun Sentinel Right, and the pit boss came up to me and said, are you listening to Rogers? And I said yeah, he said well he did a great service. He got a lot of business But yeah, look yeah Thank you got bless him How good that? Thanks a lot pal Yeah, the evils of gambling Well, we hear it the Sun Sentinel believe that all your people I don't bet on games you're just as interested in the odds It makes you weak, you know you have to be strong. You have to keep like pumping yourself back up like Arnold, you know Because it just wears you out the inn entity of this town the crap that gets written in the newspapers and set on the air And it's just accepted as fact this garbage And then of course we got the picture in the paper today of there's Governor Jeffster Oh, yeah, where's that area? Jeff Boy celebrates family faith in friends all right There he is holding his hand up, but you know, he's not holding it up near too high. He's like that kind of like down here like well kind of like wavering it Family faith in friends Bible something phony below me with a circle of bigoted up noxious friends right wing assholes That's that's where that's him that's what he's all about he makes his daddy look like a goddamn raving liberal this one And this time of course they you know polished up his image they ran him against the dead man and people said oh, okay, I guess so whatever you say But I will say this boy what's his name George P his son in the background there boys. He look good huh, does he look good? Wow Well, what do you smile about his son happens to look real good by the way, Jeff what's your son doing later on? I G'dier with that back at said today he's after George Bush, uh, you're a jet bush whatever he's after a son's bush He's got a real good looking Mexican whatever that kid is or whatever he's got in him Just like watch it Linda trip We don't know who the father or the mother was that kid. He well, you know, I'm talking about let it trips son No, you've seen him 50 billion times. He's always standing like a few feet behind. Oh, that's like I don't know that bitch, but I'm supposed to your son Maybe he's built Clinton's illegitimate kid He's got so many one and a while they keep bridging and judging them up all the time. We have an open line in date one and a Broward 567560 palm 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile and call spring hello And back to you sir. And what's up? Real old year Yeah, or that you're gonna be in there this year. Good. It's not a bad restaurant. They're still in business Open line in date to it, bro. There's the QA and collar for you there against ladies and gentlemen That's the definitive QAM sports nerd the people that will destroy ultimately the all sports format the other 20 hours a day in this radio station They're right there is the definitive one. Is he pretty interesting? No Here's a mobile in it's like the J E T I said, and I'm sure we'll get one of those now after I said it. You know those are guys are pretty interesting No, mobile and steward. Hello Hey, Neil. How you done? Yeah, back to you sir. Hey, do we have to move out of a water it's the softened gotpip wind Matter day. Why is that all these and wagons are gonna jump on this is I'm not really talking about that I have no idea and I have a little less than no interest. I mean because they did it with the morning and I almost had a fan Yeah, everybody wants to be a modern fanatic and I just want to just time for you man. They like to ban like that Well, you see a bunch of little black people jump it on the the wringling brother's circus trucks. They're over there and on a broad bullet board I guess I'm the only one. I mean, you know, it's a limited number of those of us who had the misfortune of sitting there for ten minutes While the BSO was holding up traffic for the benefit of the wringling brother I thought wringling brother circus was like our commercial enterprise Aren't they? Yeah, sure. Yeah So how come they can hold up traffic for them? You follow what I'm saying isn't the city making money indirectly on the event? What does that got you to do with it? It's a commercial enterprise The city makes money indirectly on the saw on the saw grass. They pay taxes everybody every business in there the city of sunrise makes money But they hold up the traffic to be having somebody is going to the saw grass. Oh, oh, cancer Yeah, I should know how I live there man subit. We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line What we're gonna do about eating today? I don't know maybe we don't want to eat. We don't want to eat. Oh, that's right. You are way You know it's easy for you to sit there and give me a look like no, we don't you already ate how about some jerky You asked him. Yeah, where do you get that that's good wine? They have a jerky area and a sort of it. I see a lot of jerky people of Walgreens Yeah, well, that's good. Yeah, most jerky. Oh, God. I got some different kinds of it. Now what about our friend Ron Popella for good one of those the dehydrators Yeah, you can make turkey jerky and lurky jerky and herky jerky and jerky and jerky the old turkey How's Ron Popella doing anybody see him lately? No, he's busy making more information Emperorsals and stuck take a lot of your money. I give all the credit in the world any guy that can sell a kind of crap that he pedals and make millions of dollars doing a nice go on Ron by scan Here's a mobile and haven't sure hello Hello, I'm here in the I don't know if I talk about the Brazilian juice. Yeah, okay great The Brazilian juice again. Oh, yeah, blow it out your Brazilian juice. Yeah, it's okay and by the way, we know where the jiggas up. We know you're a woman We have an open line and date what and what you're laughing about those Brazilians if they sound like a man if a woman if it sounds like a woman it's a man And if it sounds like neither one of the above, it's probably both of you above You ever see a woman with enormous breasts like a beautiful blonde has also got a large penis. Have you ever seen that? Not in person No, I'm talking to you seeing those movies. Yeah I'm talking about a woman who's got a just a beautiful face and body with enormous firm round breasts and also a not just like a little make believe you know phony baloney I'm talking about like a real penis. That's not a woman. Yeah, an augmented man. No, how do you know how do you know if that an augmented woman? I'm just doing it one on Mr. How do you know that? Well, they can glue him on but no, no, they can they have said they're woman to become men Yes, usually it's the other way around it's usually men Why have you done a study on this? Are you doing a survey every other day on the talk show? That's what they have on the Sally Jesse pre-show Yeah, what about that the Haralva thing we got maybe I'll play that about she didn't know he had a penis until it was too late That's what Monica said 1226 and 560 Well, I don't know could have been his little finger who knows what it was maybe you see your wences was behind it So I thought I you know could have been just it felt like a finger 26 past noon at five I can't believe I'm laughing if you had any idea. I'm so out of it here I just I know it's no excuse to show must go on like the wringling brothers baron Bailey circus They show must go on even though you had no sleep and you like tossed and turned in your little dog and bloody I would have for you got and shows got to go on baby Just aren't lined out those spots grind out the spots That business about the reorganization of the sales department of this whole thing that's going on here This is one of the great scandals. I'm you know I'm gonna go right back to where was the year ago? Greg Reed nice guy, but a big fat Oh come to the radio business. I mean this guy is such a zero You know good guy don't give you wrong personally is okay. He never did not a bad guy But he is just talking about running a place No communication nobody's got any idea what's going on our program director and any time He asked him about any of these things. Oh Well, I'm coming over Yeah, oh We've got like you know how like with the doctor stick something in your mouth like that that stuff always ask He's got something in his mouth And Okay, 27 pass noon Judd Judy don't get here man You look at me one more time like that One more time Judd Judy she knows how to distance She does this Okay, that was broken well. I can understand it. Okay now you're saying that he said okay, we can understand that's okay Joe hit it Damn it you're no fun over there. What's wrong with you? No, no, he's getting even now for that Did I play this Gordon pit Which of course was about flash scored you do understand that he likes to flash it Now he's just getting even what did you accomplish for me here now it is and by the way We go into a break which we now got fairly shorter breaks at least then we had there for a while there and it doesn't make any difference We had six lines lit up by the board. I turn away for one second out is one going I'm telling you man the loyalty of this audience is staggering in fact that TV thing is much of it abortion as it was from the way people was there ever any interest by the audience to this show No, thank you for your tremendous unbelievable support by the way And even though it was a piece of crafts God 567 oh yeah George is not got the jerky that our thought he has He's got this great stuff that he's been bringing in here in a little bag and kind of like an industrial strength So look like this stuff even falls apart What it's all right. I bought it before. Yeah It's a jack-links kippard beef steak Kippard or out of the is it kosher oh Oh God this is so goddamn salty. It's good. It's like looking a a salt lick Huh it's like looking a salt lick we'll get something in here something real. This is a direct Oh God, how could you eat this and it's also got the slime on the outside like flan I was gonna eat it now. Even ate it. Oh, I rubbed all over it. Yeah, but it's good now In fact now look at look at how much slime is on there, man The Cubans we discovered today they even like slime on their meat I never thought that before like slime on their jerky, huh? Yeah, I'm telling you you don't order the regular stuff Don't want this believe me. It's so goddamn salty even salty soft. Fliesman would be embarrassed by it, okay? Even a deer in the woods wouldn't put its tongue on it and the thing either 560 560 palm 560 on a mobile one line we got about 300 open lines right now because they just they're so Hot to try baby today that if we don't get with them within two or three seconds are good. Bye Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello Yeah, yeah How are you man? Okay. I'm like an eight-year listener here. Yes, I just Impoired a couple of my illegal younger younger siblings from New York a couple days ago Like I said illegal yeah, and I got a three new listeners because my three old kids Well, the crap now our mouth is saying crap left and right great And you can take one and you can say it crap because that's the American way. Yes crap, listen I'm And you played a familiar real appreciate it and this one I'd like to request before. Okay good Okay, we have an open line in the Broward to a date five six seven five 60 and pump five 60 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello, yes, sir. How you doing great? After Christmas where you wanted I bought one of these machines like juice you know like the the juicy man. I love that juicy man, but with a big eyebrows Yeah, I really counted or that really was something like you should admit from Kind of to take off the hybrid What is it I understand the word you just said speak say that again in English Okay, like the machine that I bought it's to make juice from like you make juice out of carrots and Apple and vegetables or fruit juice, but of course if you want to do that, can you not go to the fruit juice? Okay, that's that was my question and then could I always assure if it's that actually cost to it I'm sure of course Okay, but I mean vegetables, you know, I've got a lot of fiber a lot of sediments like broccoli and that stuff So at you know, you're the zero absorbed the sugar when it much more slowly, but they are like fruit I mean that's like injecting sugar right in your bloodstream Right and especially fruit juice is like you know, just taking an sugar IV if you do fruit juice right The other the other customers which has no Reload to this at first you're you career. How come you have never actually done Indicated it over a country or a better you had a racing for that or something that you never wanted really to do or Well, I would love to do that that I wouldn't see your in-bank for calls every day But unfortunately but people who keep promising me that they're gonna syndicate to show never come through Just like Phil Henry the same thing within the kept telling and they're gonna syndicate I don't know he just the main it must not be looking around on the right places All right, no, that's shame because You have a lot to say to the country. I've been big and calm as you man I think I'm going back there have a right day pal. Bye. Thanks a lot and keep those squeezing and the juice too You're right about this stuff. Yeah horrible like deflavered salt Exactly and it's slimy I don't like my food slimy. Okay Something's had all mine little on the slimy side, but my food. I don't like slimy God That is the worst direct. I've ever In a long time I'll tell you that just garbage. I had one quick bite of that and That was more than enough for me. I'll tell you that just unbelievable Thank you Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Hey, you were talking about the Carbohydrate What I try to do actually I'm a I'm a sugar fanatic and I make no qualms about that We don't have any sugar fanatics not there. I just made that up you understand that I made it up all these people are in denial man. I'm the only sugar addict in America Absolutely. I'm part of that myth too But I'm a bastard in any country. I'm lying bunch of douche bags that they really are they just they don't want to admit it Just like yesterday I'm talking about it might be only person that picks up a thing already whip and shakes it up and then turns it upside down And once you're a while eat whipped cream right out of the nozzle and nobody else called it He there are a bunch of liars that are in denial on the only perimeter how gross it is like talking about farting on an elevator They wanted that they did it Yeah, absolutely you know I'm only bastard and you know the thing is that you know bread sugar All the same Absolutely and what I try to I try to explain white bread well, I all of it, but especially white I try to I try to you know as much meat salad and cheese as I can Yeah, but I'm addicted to sugar so what I do is that what I do is I compensate for that I don't need any bread any up potatoes and the dessert. I knock myself out Pline of fish root or half-pline of fish root. What is that accomplished that for hey? It's that all I'm I try to do the best I can but it's really difficult and it's very difficult Because I'm really good, but you're not you're not saying my question. What does that do for you? What does that do for well? It's better than eating bread and then later on? Of course it's not and they're putting all that sugar in your system. No, it's not No, I won't think it's better it's better to do one than the other than do both Yeah, absolutely I think it's better day of one point of fish food than I have to I would agree with that Well, I do have to tell you though it's a fast improvement for what I used to because I started doing the ant I can say for a while I started to got used to it for a while and the sugar part is really difficult for me, but you know Getting away the bread the the corn I don't care about bread. What's the corn? Yeah corn starch and And I think just said in that book of branching the corn Yeah, that's where comes out. Why yes? There we go Yeah, and baked potatoes stuff like that Oh, that's what the double The one good thing about the ant is that I've I've really turned away from potato and stuff like that Thank you keep the this guy said the same thing 4,000 times okay? Did he say the same thing at least 75,000 times there? Okay, keep it up pal whatever you're doing we made no sense But you're he said the same thing 652,000 times there potato potato one potato two potato three-foot-tata Over and over and over again man seriously I don't want to say that you're call was ponderous here, but please don't ever do that again I stay with them to that stay with me. I mean, I mean the dials you get here the people out there They're dropping the dial and I'm not talking about the soap either, okay? That's how ponderous that call was But that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that And all you're doing is rationalizing sir. I don't care if you're not even a potato you're forced to your pull and pushing all that sugar in there Good stuff in it We have an open on a day five six seven. I mean for me to sit here and lecture Amanda eats all this candy and fish food and the Ben and Jerry's and all these sugar and all this crap Because it tastes so good because I'm a goddamn addict but at least I admit it And I don't hear stuff sitting around. Oh, I don't need bread. I don't need bread. I don't like bread anyone who don't need bread You love bread. I'm even like bread Who the hell needs God damn bread bread is this tasteless is dogs Who the fuck you put sugar on it? Oh, yeah, well, maybe he does maybe gets wonder bread and puts us some fish food on him What 21 to one Something to think of a somebody out there. I'll try it. Okay. Let us know how it is 21 before one in five 60 W Q m hangover from Shula state two a two a clocked him. We got a six a clock the movie show and today 30 we got the pregame nine o'clock Panthers at Colorado Not too bad the tire last nine finish not too good Where do you play take over right where? 4th radio 5 60 This Jason stands for nothing Hey You know when I'm driving man root down W on a hot summer day The other this is always stop the dickens thick and fruit state They've got everything from fruit the vegetables homemade past but there is nothing like their cider 8 that right honey Dickens cider. Yes, sir. Hey, why don't you bring some home an objective plastic rib That way you don't stay fresh or you can let sit a while and have some hard dick inside it It's good it looks good it dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a dick inside Dickens food staying just to a fruit nine W and cut for road six to nine open 24 hours because I have to Achilles summer night. I like to snuggle up and bed with a hot dick inside Hmm I'll fix your surroundings. I know you're not easy doing stockings and as I've just eaten he does up on the 40 years I need help just thought you'd like to know okay, and by the way the futures for tomorrow We have an open line in date 5 6 7.05 60 and pump 5 60 on a mobile one line Maybe gonna have Gilbert doing a stock market report sounds good in this here's Volca. Hello Yes, sir, it's get a tough here. I'm gonna have to get a regular job on it's fan Then I'll walk the case for a couple years and I They end for life and do you off now and and then they won't let them ride it's you know why He's back. He's been doing it's not back. He's bought for life years. Yep, huh? So I didn't January first good How's your very filling on doing? Hey, so one too many boat race. Okay Chad is Jackie Lee by the way. We have an open line in the day to get the yours out five six seven open What is it? Oprah Win three five six seven Oprah? I Like that better than five six seven oh five sixty five six seven Oprah's got kind of a ring do it and the pump five 60 on a mobile one line maybe there's something in the cigar. Okay, maybe something funny Know that I find to get it lit again Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. I want to know why you changed your know button You had the best know button and now the snooze button is driving me nuts. I have several no buttons Good no button. I have no and I have no and then I have no Let's number be variety is the spice of life. I want to tell you something in my dress No, yeah My brothers and listen to you for a long time and you just been talking about you. I'm out. Yeah, right? So I started listening in the last couple of months and you know I think you're not an asshole and you know You're just funny and you're talking about the door. You can be funny and be an asshole also. I mean I don't know I heard a lot of times when I was around I mean I heard some bad things that about you and what I've never even been interested in Look for you. Yeah, I talk about that. I'm an asshole You know what the problem is it's just town you're in if you were in a different town. That's right I'm in the wrong place. You're right about that. They really hear their way to get his you have a completely different show If I go to the right I have a Tom talking about I have a one you like you know Rick and said and all these other people that make these shows You could you could be more of a you know like like a Howard Stern type of guy if you were in a different time What do you know how it's during type of guy? What do I have to do with Howard Stern? I'm talking with that to Howard Stern. I'm talking to all people Howard Stern's so be young. I'm talking to all people. I'm talking to old people is that why we're number one in young males because I thought the old people I think that's all I recently I've been writing never been in years and years and years ago when I used to talk to old people I hate to break the newsiest we'd our president Lincoln's got a bad headache. You got to catch up with the time, buddy Well, I've talked in old two now people ten years ago No, but I was the first time ever had your name with some like nine other ten years ago I didn't know that ancient history, okay? I was grandma doing I figured as much That's why I stopped doing that I wanted to tell you that I I was starting to really kind of get a hang of it and I think you're pretty good pretty funny But I like that all know that you do that and I like that What okay say goodbye get on here. All right. Yeah, yeah Pappa Pappa Really haven't like any real women down here do we have no I mean they're either drunk with their like this A Pappa Pappa Mota mouth Pappa Pappa Pappa you know we have Jappy this one and then she was okay in her own Jappy way Pappa Pappa Pappa Pappa She like a female Jeff Remoron helium We have two open lines and day by the way They had the Arizona telecast down with Doug McCloud last night who I ordinarily find for you knowing but I watched mostly that one Because I didn't have to walk to these Pappa in that way 5 6 7 0 5 6 the and Pappa is 60 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hello, yes, sir. You have a good. Okay listen I have to be expected on the circumstances sir that lady left that lady you talked to there was driving the crazy You know Yeah, but nobody that would make a phone call to me about which no button I got then she starts giving me a shot at it About how he talked to old people what if this woman doesn't know or ask for Margadam no I've been talking to you there listen to you for a couple months. That's why yeah, right She's I listen I can relate to your dogs What does that area? Yeah, I have a night you have a diary No, you're your small dog. Not the big dog. Yeah, I have a 90-pound rock water that did that on my carpet Oh Oh, I got so and I tried to clean that carpet with Oh my god Imagine and nothing I thought away after about a year About a year trying to clean it. That's a sort of way Big mess. Yeah, anyway, I can relate it wasn't bloody but at least those Okay, well, I'm trying it yourself a new dog. Did you a shit two or something we have two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 and Pomp 5 60 on a mobile one line Did you know dump that no good? But he's very upset about that flash Gordon good. Here's a mobile and Helen Dale. Hello Yeah, sir. How do you do it? I do it. Okay I come here today. I tell him up front that I'm like under the gun. I got two and a half hours leave my little dog at bloody I'm going to the practice morning. I like tossing and turning because this place is tear my kiss keys up And it's like you know the same old crap Oh If they make you work 10 times as hard because they're a bunch of sadistic bastards. That's what they are not only neogod But you know the saint the other side. Yeah put up with you people deal Quick question. How is it possible we've never beaten Phoenix how the hell is that possible? Meaning what this Nikolai has got our number here Because they're much better team than we are to them. Oh my god. They just kill me They're lucky not lucky enough to come lucky to get a tire last nobody complaining about they Know it's a point, but we should have won that game. We should have won that based on what? They found that we've never beaten this team Let me say it again. They're playing teams that are much better teams the fact that even got a tie against them is a major miracle Count your blessings. Okay, if you want to think I've always heard it said that you build a team around the golly Yeah, until we get a solid golly we're going nowhere I mean that a bear is that a bulletin? Well, no, but I mean when the hell is trying Murray gonna do something about the team Not he's not gonna do something about a great thing. Oh We have an open line of day. What do you need a golly for when you got a big black guy named Peter, huh? Anybody need a golly? Oh, wait. He just knocks him dead before they can stick it in there and the apuk too Open line of day one at Broward find real. He heard he's got a real little small penis 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 on the mobile one line Anybody believe that Peter Rell has got a small penis. No anybody we need care. No. Thank you. Here's the New York City. Hello Yeah, I don't in the case here. I was in Florida last week And I was listening to your show and I got a commanding for speaking hockey I'm up here in New York and totally talk about it's football basketball I don't do a sports show so why don't I talk about those things exactly? But I want to ask you questions. I mean what are you talking about this football 20 hours a day on this day? You're all I talk about I'll talk about You think Denver can do what you think right the same it's the same call with a thousand different voices Over the What you take on the NHL? According to devil I know what what do you want my take on it? Yeah, I mean because what's my take on it? They gave my mid-in and a half bucks and I said the It's a tampered and they waited four years to do what I don't understand Why would they remember what they're devil? I mean I'm coming from the I'm coming from a hockey fan Okay, I'm gonna work I got to make some money somewhere for Christy so watch their game last night that Thai with channels They which was a city lady game by the way and there was nobody in that joint to the best team in a whole conference And they don't know but they don't draw fly on that They sell out when the ranges get there They'll sell out on the channel more range of fans right You know it's 30% That place was empty last night. I went to regulation ended when they were going over time and the last few minutes to that game were phenomenal by the way I know they go to overtime and the place empty out like they had a bond scare Which was then here if you think that's bad you got to see the Carliske him I mean I do see it. I see if there's nobody there either said but the night that Palfe came back They finally sold out. I think that's what we so still think they have days I too sell around set the Carliske more here once when the range is with it and what Palfe got there That's the only two because we already shipped just want to land but anyway That's back to the NHL. That's a great day. Okay. Get out of here We have an open line of day one in Broward call up foster here. Have you have fees busy five six seven Five sixty and five sixty on the mobile line calls me from New York City talk me trying to come out in New York Things we don't care about New York teams here. So right to break the news. Yeah, do we care about the Rangers? No care about the owners? No care about the devil. No. Thank you Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. No Yes, I am yes, first time calling you just a little heads up here in the kind of area There is all kinds of speed traps so we're here and it's big reason for it that every day more or more They're opening up these little schools so you can take your classes after you get to take it so that you don't have to get the points on your life Right, but these classes I taught by police must have to parse So is that how of a good business to be all taking your out tickets and then doing after our job right where you charge Of people who's all in there to take the points of your life I mean every day every street here in Tendell is coming up. It's coming up. I've been standing on the middle of the road and you know directing traffic so the ringman bothers circus can bring their caravan into sunrise I would think that would be like sort of a conflict of interest as these people after our or who'll be doing this kind of work And they're generating business for them so on one hand feeds the other you know what I'm saying? Yep, they stick one hand in their uh, back home and they put it in their mouth. Yep Well, I just wanted to use that as a behavior in the kind of area I'll stay and I'll thanks for the good news. Okay, thank God we don't have that in plantations. Let's get on hiatus I'm not gonna get started. I'm not gonna go into a thing. There's nobody else cares the speed limit on hiatus should be 45 minimum And it's 35 miles an hour and they just sit there and they play their games and play their game meantime the light at the corner of hiatus and sunrise It's a miracle that they don't have 20 people a year killed there because the people and sunrise board of art come Just barreling through their 70 80 miles an hour. They run the light every goddamn time people is sometimes in both directions Run that goddamn light Why aren't they sitting out there on sunrise? Nailing the people who are trying to kill you running the light are they taking care of them? Oh Because it's a lot easier I guess to write the you know speeding tickets. Oh, yeah, you're dangerous Man you go on 47 and a 35 even though there's nothing but uh, alligators in the canal over here There's not a human being within a million miles in a direction on hiatus between broadbrew and sunrise Your favorite speed trap out and by the way Plantation police team. I'm gonna find out where he lives by the way anybody in the Saudi it's knows where the plantation chief of police lives and what his name is because I I'm not gonna well put up with his bull crap anymore I'm serious he's our real he is he's an asshole right Here's the bokeh hello Yes, sir. I'm trying to get all these to Christmas and I want you are doing a lot of requests I'm not asking her questions. Okay, but I'm not doing a lot of time. Okay, so somebody request it will never play it again I won't I was just what I never heard what is boss? I have three things for the way, but what is boss and goal I mean and I never heard I used to like that sign I never heard what is that Telling I in soup. It's a tiny wedding soup because I'm going to be good Anyway, my other thing is African tribal names I saw it and like a Jenny Jones or some T. T. Aria Don't you agree? Yeah, yeah, I haven't seen that one yet. I saw a lot of this morning Gets to a girl D. Aria yeah You're just related to the early loss America there are lots of Americans Yeah, that's the heck of a name The other one is I just I can't wait When I pick rates like Lamanjaro and Orangeville the Aria and the Aria They're less America's and you had a great day Okay, we have an open line of day one in Broward five six seven Hope I were going to get five thousand calls between now and two o'clock you watch you know So I picked these vasti's up. They're not saying anything, but I don't care about that So I don't I don't expect them to have any material just say something for Christ's takes Like the thing with a bird you know play something for quite a lot Don't talk just play something like with yourself anything All we got a car here Yeah, we missed those days let's bring the bird back okay. No, I'm just kidding Even I'm not that punchy even with those sleep less than I'm not that punchy. I'm on. Oh, sorry. That's for lady. No, no Here's a candle hello Neil yes, I am a white American green gold and I have a cousin named Ziaura Enough control name. Yeah, I'm post all right. Let me see if you change your mind on Buray I heard you a couple days ago, did you want them here? Meaning what meeting that we want to get rid of Robbie? It's not gonna happen pal. He's not coming here. I Love him. I don't think there anything there even talk into Brian Burke I think Buray just made that up to a passify the fan because he's not you know one week He says that we can't afford him the next week. He says we're talking about he just talked to all sides of his your actual Okay, the spokesman and let me say it again anybody saw that Pittsburgh Calgary game lives that Marty's bracket a stocker play one of the games of his lifetime. He is phenomenal Goal and assist and not only that, but every shift on the I sitillating just unbelievable You can thank Doug McClain for that. Okay, that's a sending back to God damn loose job over the hell he's from See he really pulled the wool over everybody but the wool over your eyes stuck McClain everybody He's a real great guy. You know he's got lucky. They got hot for a couple of months when he happened to be here Right away. Oh, he's a genius. He's there. They shouldn't have got rid of him He wouldn't know talent if they stuck it up in echo. Can you can tell him I said that not a bad guy, but a real hard ass Didn't like Marty's rock was only got 18 goals now by the way and his plan is brains out just unbelievable We should only kill for a player like that on this team Nice going Douggy and by the way Tim Horton says he's not getting you no more signatures on those petition do there 1256 them and but not only that, but he has a message for you. Baalau peak Cal kick Four minutes before one a QA. I mean, you know something she what was your name again Rachel. I like Rachel Alexander She was the epitome of what South Florida is all about she was the perfect sports writer The hockey writer she would know a hockey puck from a stay-a-lenders bagel from that director You were just trying to pedal me here that salty a soft lifeman stuff It was really gross right she wouldn't know a puck from a salty old piece of meat In fact, she's probably seen a few salty old pieces of meat that Rachel Alexander maybe that's how she got the job Jack links sucks. No, I know he does Three minutes before a one at five 60 W Q a lot of tickets so salty by the way Oh Okay Uh He Baalau I'm gonna be in the middle of the night. Just get some nice gold of the dust. Voices of the rainbow. We can spit in that car. Why then, asshole, march? The friends we should gave are the bears. The friends we won't be chiseled. When they find out you've made this triple. Watch your face away. I can't afford you, yay! Go. The floods too. We some chance to make the res. The res. The weather is definitely 78. Let awesome music tunnel is spread out in a secret. Indeed to the Direction Office, The Reignments we need to learn from the workers As the biggest fan club, taking sucks just like our Hoover. Don't fan no more, guys, nobody big. There's been many lines in the home. Just right now, this whole mess is, Ray is looking at me swearing around on fan won't be single. When they find out, these bad kids trickle. One is crazy to waste. Oh, I found the boy in jail. I want to fight him in the bus. Where is the boy in the bus? Where is the boy in the bus? You're such a loser. No. It works for the guys who have been to the bar. It works for the bar. It works for the bar. We just got a whole bunch of upstairs. The water not the original man in the burger. He's still trying to do so. He's a man to do so. He's a very son of a virgin of operations for a busy broadcasting. And who might leave it out? I guess that's it. That's the atron. But like Greg, he's taking a few weeks off. We have two open lines in date. 560 and he's going to take a course in communications. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Okay. Thank you. Back at your open line in the Broward 2 and date. 560, 560, 550, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Fort Lauderdale on 6. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. Is this Neil? Is this you? Yes it is. Neil, you're the best man. I got to tell you. Yeah. Neil, you should be a senator. We would have less problems in this work. Yes. Senator Coral, you own a president Coral, you own a okay, get a new phone. We have an open line in Broward, another president of Aunt A. Open line in Broward 2 and date. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's my me, B. Hello. Hello. What's wrong with these days? You know, you always talking about like weight loss and stuff. Hello. I'm listening. Oh, okay. I'm going to be sure when I can tell but go ahead. Oh sure. Well, no, no. Well, you always talking like that. I'm sure one. You know, well you're Jewish. That's why. Oh, I know. I'm always talking about. I know you're checking them out. Check it. Well, yeah. Check out mine in the mirror. Are you Jewish? Yeah. And you also have a short penis? Yeah. You know. Oh, is it still work? It's just fine. Great. There you go. It's all accounts. Oh, no. But I was, I was like seven months ago at the time. I was like, I weighed 250. Yeah. How many about five two? I'm six foot. I weigh 250. It's not too bad. No, you know what I weigh now, don't you? 186. No. 165. Yeah. 165. And I'm all. You can probably see your penis now. I see everything there. I look great. I'm all sick. I have six paths. I have. You can put everything. Now, I understand, you know, your metabolism will flow or your older. I do do a lot of exercise. You do do, yeah. Yeah. I've met up at the gym. I've been going for about two pounds now. Hey, but. Yeah. But, uh, no, what do you try to say? What do you want to do? You talk, I took that. I did the action. You took a while. I did the action. Yeah. And it's just very hot. I thought it very hard. It's a big truth. There's no peace to envy you. So hard. You're right. You're absolutely un-dogged. No, no peace. I think you're going to do it as have your taste buds scraped off. I think that would do it. You know what? And it's funny because I'm a junk food junk food. But you know when I was on an acnes, you know what I missed the most? And what? I could fruit in the vegetable. And I didn't even eat them. That all sorts of vegetables on the acnes. Who's the world like Juan talking more like you? Why don't you go those fruits now? Like tomatoes of fruit, I guess. Yeah, but you can have your tomatoes. You can? Uh-huh. Well, that's what I was going to tell you. For the fruit. Tomatoes on metabolize like bananas and apples and stuff like that. Well, in two months, I lost 30 pounds. The fact that you got a friend that's on the acnes, the best way to get them all that potassium is to... Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Well, no. You've got to have your meal. Hello? Emlessness? Oh, no. Why are you still on the fence? Oh, no. I'm not. I'm going to hang up on you, sir. I, well, you know, because... I'm not. Sometimes it happens. Um, so I lost 30 pounds. Yeah. In two months. You still haven't told us by doing what? Yeah. Oh, I told you. Well, I'll get to it. Okay, because I was eating mostly salads. Challenge? That salad. Do you know our friend Marcello with the challenge? I always eat in salads. Maybe the spokesman eat challenge. Maybe that's why he talks like that. Yeah. Well, no, but then. And the fat free, fat things and stuff. Right. Well, forget about fat free. That's what, but they do have a great, low carb man. I forget the name of the brand. I'll have to check it out. It's like, in a jar, in the, in the photo section where they have all the salad dressing. But I'll go to the mall. And I'll go to the mall. Well, when you listen to me, people are hanging on my every trip word. Low carb, blue cheese, and they have different kinds too. Just sensational. And it's got like almost no carbohydrates in it. Okay, but this is why you know I am saying this because. To a shop on your shallow. No, no, you say it, you say it's both of my thoughts. It's all the fat free garbage. Okay. You know what? But it worked for me. Well, that's good. If it works for you, Gaze, that is a very real bit. Yeah. Why don't you swim or something? Waterized swim? I can tell you the good data goes. So we're okay. I'll give it a try. Good luck, Miles. Okay. There's a Jewish young man who can finally see his penis. We have an open line and he's not too pleased about it. They're open line and day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and wireless line. Just discover he's an under-reachiever. Here's coconut growth. Hello. They knew how to do it, man. Great. Hey, uh, flan. It's great. Maybe he had a bad experience if you ever try. Oh. But, you know, if somebody owned it, the Italians that woman was right yesterday. Is that what you own it? It's also has got that's come on the bottom. It's just the fence on the way some people make them. But, you know, if I understand it could be like watery down. But the ones that like normal, more than makes or my grandmother, great. You're a caramel over it. Oh, man. Is it great? One over it? Caramel. Oh, caramel. I thought you said something else. Anyway, yeah. And also, you're just like he said something else. It sounded like, I don't want to say it. Go ahead. Anyway, you're just talking yesterday about Chee Charroni's. Chee Charroni's. Chee Charroni. That's great for the exercise. Is that related to why he's not on his? No, no. What is it? It's a real good ride. It's a pork. It's a pork. It's a pork. Pork in fried. Oh, like pork runs, yeah. Yeah, but it's a pork runs. I don't care any. But how many pork runs can eat? There's no dry leaves you've guessed things for oxygen. Oh, when I was really active, real handy. That was my lunch, yeah. Not the bad and the calf drinks. We've done it. Did there one? The real stuff. Not the bag stuff. No, that's a completely different. I mean, you can even compare it. Chee Charroni's. Maybe you said it to your bring me something. I will. Great. Listen, um. You know the complaints of people calling about that. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. You're a hard-ed just solve. No. You want to hear it? Because I have it on a tape. Okay. Okay. Listen to this. Yo. Did you hear that? Oh, my God. I mean, and that's on the ear. That's on the air, man. And it happened today. Like, say, now, can you mention it today of all days that I'm so disenchanted with his goddamn Mickey Mouse plays where everything is so bum fork man. Why go to these people making effort to be a real goddamn radio station? And what will they make a commitment? Get these people some good equipment and stop trying to punch gear around me. This, this is a joke. And it happens all night. I'm going to be a good thing. I'm going to be a good thing. But I will take them on you. But I'm embarrassed. Hey, can I call someone a douchebag? Oh, man. Frank, uh, Joe, and make your douchebag. Okay, bring me some Chee Charroni. I will. I'll be very rich. We have an open line. And what do you smile about? I'll try a Chee Charroni. Huh? And a papia Rumi? I do like my papia Rumi. It's a nine and a half year or one at five. Six. It was so wonderful. I guess I'm not going to do anything, huh? For what? She wants to. Well, I mean, you tried to pedal me that piece of, well, I saw the, you're sliding me. That sucks. Sorry. I don't want your salty slime, you mean? You're kidding me. Your dizziness crashed. So, there's a picture in front of Jesus. Oh, no. No. Oh, no. It's just a little square. I'll recognize it. I can recognize the order of your fantasizing. Oh, man. I'm going to recognize it. Get it for my supposed model to Minnesota. I'm,bb, sabler,ANG, and robo're zoolering. And it gets to go out to earth or the well-done. Now that you're working, bend, move, bump. Move, foam, foam, move, foam, some... You got to peel you, Zach. What's a learn, Algender? I'm just out. My car will be from Love Lapse. I'm so bad. We're out of the way. So now we're going to get more and more. I'm gonna go to the Manu Lapse. I'm gonna go to Love Lapse. I'm gonna get rid of it. Now you can hear my love Lapse. I'm gonna walk on and find my car. Thank you, guys. You. I'll help all of this out there. I'm gonna go to Love Lapse by the world. I'm gonna go get more and more and more. I'm gonna walk on and find my car. My love Lapse is not a perfect service. The food I love I will be serve all the products I think I love a pizza that you can't buy for? Tteokbokki,! I win a lot. Which well can you do? You're the only one who's been singing all over the world. You're the only one who's not allowed to hear. I'm the only one who's not allowed to hear. I'm the only one who's not allowed to hear. I will not allow the rest of the world to be with me. I will be with you forever.isko noble Mocha! 16 to 560WC, and I'm devastated over the default business. First I thought it was about a dinghy business, but it was a default business. I wasn't bad enough to remember something. It took forever, whenever. It took about like four or five years to finally come to grips with that. And from the start of that tape I played before, he still hasn't come to grips with it. And now this Rick and Sud say, how could you need paranoid of Rick Wiley? I mean, being paranoid of Rick Wiley, come on. Beful, light knuckle a little bit. We're just a loose and goddamn weight. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Are you a, yes? Are you seeing where dog you were to clap? What am I feeding it? Dog food. Dog food generally makes dogs crap. There you go. Try it. We have an open-lighted, bro. 560560, 560, on the ATM. Maybe with the ground glass that might have done it. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Happy New Year, Nail. Same to you. I'm concerned about your dog. I know what area you live in, and I'm at. It's the dog on university drive. It's the dog on university. Yeah, right in the corner there. He's running around in traffic on the corner, so I'm at university. What does that mean? Is that the animal hospital you brought into? I'm not going to tell anybody where the animal hospital is. I brought him to ease some or out there in plantation. What do you think is the main? Well, there's a female veterinarian in your area. I know he are. Yeah. I'm just going to suggest that you get a second opinion because she's awful. A second opinion. A second opinion. No, you're not. Yes, I am. No, you're not. I mean, how do you do the dog business? A second opinion about what? Well, whatever she tells you, I would suggest you get a second opinion. Yeah. I brought in $2.00 and two days and got two misdiagnosis. Yeah, I've had misdiagnosis at this place before too, and I'm going to say it was, I had no choice. And they changed that like McDonald's employees. Right. That's the one. Yes. And the female veterinarian. Well, let's see. They got female. They got male. They got some out of two. Like you said, they changed like we changed underwear every day. Right. Every week. Well, I think I know she is. I just wasn't very happy. I'm in the dog business. Well, I was real unhappy last time. I went through a few months ago and we'll see what happened this time. Right. Well, maybe you. Maybe you just won't work out. Okay. Thanks a lot. Back to this morning when after I cleaned up that mess, I see I know right where to take him. Two overlives in Broward. Five sticks. It's called getting even five six seven. Sixy and five sixy on the AT&T. He's kind of like Polly. Remember Polly? Oh, won't see him no more. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Great. Listen. My dog had the exact same problem he used to it. I mean, this is not the first time I dog has had blood. He's doing it. Okay. So this was horrendously. My dog ate a lamb bone and it's like scraped its way out. Yeah. Through the intestine. Yeah. And it's just been a lot of money. And basically the doctor said, well, it will be okay. So I just went watching. I don't know if you have a lamb bone. Well, I'm just a line there somewhere. I know. Okay. Thanks. We have an open line in day two in Broward. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. We're rolling along. Sicking the song. People are worried about my dog's problem, which is very nice. Because like I said yesterday, people who aren't dog lovers are real assholes. Especially people at the Robcestwood Cats. You walk into a house and people at like spirits. I mean, let me ask you something. Does a parrot in a little box like a cat? Where does a parrot? We said anywhere it wants. No, seriously. Rick, where does a parrot do its business? I say I don't understand. There's so many like reasonable pets. I mean, we don't all have to be the same. It's like the vanilla ice cream that's in there. Maybe dogs and cats are boring. Pyrrarch eats cockatoo, whatever. But I mean, a parrot for a, I don't know. A weasel? Here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, man? Okay, man. How's everything going? Okay. Hey, you know what? You hung up on me before. Okay. Hoping of the line is Broward. 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T. Why don't you explain. How about that? It worked again. Did it work again, sir? Oh, good. I'm better work for you. Here's my N.E. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been doing it. Same to you. Oh, I'm with that guy about the flan. As if you haven't tasted, you know, flan from different bakery. Yeah. I mean, I think... First of all, flan is a little bit shitter anyways, so the last thing in the world I need to be flan. Well, I made two for the holidays with cream cheese. Yeah. All the best. Nice. firm, no oozing. No oozing. Nothing went. I mean, awesome. Yeah. And to that guy, he says that you're always talking about black people. Maybe you should put on that, uh, dark nail, learn to sell. So he can learn how to sell. Okay. Have a great day, pal. I mean, the PHAT that would he been saying. We have an open line in the day, five, six, seven, five, six, six, the pound five, six, the on the AT&T, well it's long. And the guy that before would have secured his thing about the better there. Yeah. I mean, what am I going to do? Am I going to take off from work today? And run around, hop around from vet to vet. And see, uh, I mean, what are you going to do? You go to a place where you've been before. And even though you were a little, you know, do be at that time. You hope for the best. And if not, okay, where we go. Here's the... Here's Fort Myers. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. First, I like to ask you for two things. First, because I request. No. God is it be good. No. Second thing. No, no, no, we're quick. I do my talk about the details of a method where you could eliminate weight loss, probably for the rest of your life. If you follow it, and it did support. Why don't you do that? You do a doctor jack. Well, I'm talking about why your heart's still beating. Yes. The key is adding a sufficient amount of water to the food that you eat. And I know that you're allowed to... Like your steak, you pour a lot of water in the steak. Oh, how you do? You pour the water in your mouth while you're eating the steak or just after. Pour the water in your mouth while you're eating the steak. Okay. So let me envision this. I got a big, sportful, delicious, juicy rib eye from Ruth's Chris. And I put that on out. And then before I chew it, no, no, not before you chew it. You chew it. You enjoy the flavor. You swallow it. Yeah. And then a little bit of water. Because in nature, our systems are just... It's the most ludicrous thing I have ever heard of. Oh, here we go. So we're not going to watch you go, guys. No, no. And not a logic. There is no logic. There is no logic. I drink water with all my meals. And it doesn't do any effect on losing weight. In fact, there are many people who say you shouldn't drink water with you. You shouldn't drink very much beverage at all with your meals. You should drink it between meals. Think about how processed. If you've got nothing to do with thinking. I'm going to tell you, you can't... Lady water will not make you lose weight. Okay, sir. It will not... Another four Myers call. Okay. Another guy. He got lost on the road to Arcadia. Get back on road seven of you or whatever it is up there. And get to the joint where they're before it's too late. Two open lines in date. Five, six, seven, oh five. They're all experts, baby. No matter what I say, I don't know nothing. They're all experts. They got the answer. Take a lot of water. Okay. Hold on in. You're a post-port in your record. And just have a great time. You lose weight. It'll just melt off. Just like that guy would've had in the paper today. It is up. Pills. He's peddling. Here's a mobile in the highly. Hello. Yes, sir. Speaking about nasty animals. Fert or the nasty animals on the six earth. Yeah. In. Never thrilled. Okay. You know, you need to know. Call me back. Okay. With the fair report. He said that ferrets are the most of notches disgusting. Piece of crap. Let's eliminate the flames. That's what they were saying in Pittsburgh last night. We have an open line in date one in Broward. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the 18, two while the slide. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, now. How you doing? Okay. I had a question for you. How can I get a copy of that Gordon's gaze on me. Is that on? And I want to buy that. I got a friend that needs to hear that. Yeah. And I'm fat too. And. Well, think about a water when you're talking. Looking at your death Gordon pictures. I mean flash Gordon pictures. We have two open lines in Broward. Sorry about that Joe Carstello. It's flash Gordon. Open line in Broward. Five, six, seven, oh, it's not speaking of West today. Since I played that. In fact, I played it twice today because it was a mildly amusing. I thought Joe is not speaking. He's a boy cutting me show. He's that. We thought in the hallway with Josh Friedman. No, I'm for a cutting. Okay. Why were you just here by that? No, it's funny actually. I thought so. I knew you wouldn't be disturbed. Not if you know what's good for you. Okay. We have two open lines in Broward. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. They ain't all care. I mean, once we get the new studio up there, he's going to be working on Hank shows. What I have to remember. And that's the popular one with that. I'm hearing. Isn't that true? No. Seriously. I hear that he's fighting nippin' tuck with all the other guys over there. Well, produce that goldberg show. No. Is there a mom here? No. No. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. There's definitely somebody on this phone. Can you hear somebody? Oh, I heard it. You'd be there in Plantation or just just the way to everybody's time. Like I said, the way to everybody's time. Two open lines in Broward. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. That was probably my vet. Here's a mobile in Mommy Lake, so. Yeah, meal. Yes, sir. I just heard that they announced that they had settled in B. A strike. Yeah, I had the player spokesman. The spokesman. Yeah. Yeah. And they anticipate starting to see, and he's speaking to the players association. Yes. So they will definitely start to see him between four weeks in a month. Uh-huh. Well, he left out the turret. There's four in the turret the weeks in a month. Right. So that we just left out the turret. So I just thought I'd mention that. Okay. I'll be back here. Yeah. Just a billion dollars in aggregate payroll in four weeks in a month. And thank God we don't care. Yes, we don't care. Go away, NBA. We don't care. Take your balls and go hide them somewhere. We don't care. Make believe season because you want the money and you didn't have any principal in the first place. And you lied right up till the took it right out of the wire and they caved in. Like a goddamn old, biggie roof. Just caved right in. Because we'd be wanting the money. Maybe we got to put the bread on the table. Got to put the bread on the table. Come on. By the way, we're going to be replaying that interview with Edger and James. Wait a while. One twenty six in five sixty w q a.l. a great way to sample next great cigars is to join them at the annual Miami Big Smoke. George is going to be there. It's hosted by cigar fishing out. George gets in free. You don't by the way. It's being held on January 12th. That's next Tuesday from seven to 10 p.m. At the grand ballroom of those Miami Beach. Now, does this a dress? It sounds like a real dressy thing. Yes. Yes. Now you're going to get a touch for this. Good. Oh, no. I have a touch jacket. Yeah. You were one. A tie. George will be there naked with a tie. The night features complimentary cigars, food, wine, and spirits. The Big Smoke always sells out. So, call for tickets today. It's a New York number. Two one two four eight one. Oh, three thirty. Two one two four eight one. Oh, three thirty. When you call up in New York, ask if the garbage is still over the over the street. That's not all the street. Is it? No. I really, really, really had it clean it up big time, baby. The old. The. From all right, lady. The. On the count of three. One two three. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. I. To be. To be. To be. To be. To be. To be. Give me soldier. Are you from Rotor, or just happy to say me? One, thirty two at five sixty, WML. Open line and day, boy, these cigars are great, but once you start eating them. Five six, seven, five sixty and five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Fort Latterdale, hello? Yeah, I wonder what you have against all people. Against one? Old people. Are you an old people? I'm seventy eight years young. Yeah. You're always talking about old people. You're now old, dear, or something, with a phony action. You're not old. Where's Thomas spoke to you? What bus from the Bronx to that gate? What bus did you get off? I did it. I get back on and go back there. We don't mind old people just at there from the Bronx. Thanks, Chuck from the sub center, just brought me in a great lunch. I'm just a very much-an-ice-at-can lunch, by the way. Little meatball action, there, little cheese, little onions, not too much. Open line and Broward two and day, five six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, see when you have no material, you make a fake call. Like that one right there would a real bad accent. He wouldn't know the Bronx, if they said I'm loose right in third base at the Anky Stadium. He still wouldn't know where the hell he was. Even if a pretty print showed up. Pretty going to be showing up. No. Here's a bell-glaid, hello? Yes, sir. I'm calling from beautiful bell-glaid. Well, I'm sorry. The sugar capital of the world. Uh-huh. Did you know that? Yes. Well, I really just wanted to know that man. You're killing us. No, no, no, I have nothing to do with it. I was born and raised in West Palm. Yeah. And I just transferred over here. Like I said, they're killing us. I made a mistake a couple of months ago of saying something bad about sugar here in my office. It's not, they saw getting a blanket party. You know what that is, right? I said it. Also, my second thing I want to tell you about. Yeah. The guy that wrote that song about Gordon was Dale Earnhardt. And Dale Earnhardt. Okay, thank you. Okay, we have an Odoket to Joe Costello all been on the shape. He just barely hanging on by his toenails right now. And if he starts you're in the set of stuff, he just won't be able to handle it. Two open lines in date, 600 open lines in date, 4,000 open lines in date, or whatever to hell they are. I have no idea where they're coming from. They're coming from all over the guy at the employees, including some real wackos they're in a West Coast. I feel so bad for our listeners of our West Coast because the people who call in here, if they really live over there with you, like I said, that's reason enough to feel real bad for you. 5, 6, 7, and then of course you got the bees lilies to deal with. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Just like you see that dinner, you know what that dinner was? The dinner was Chris with Greg and his wife and that whole bit. You know what that was? That was a substitute for, you know, talking about getting an 800 line for the West Coast people for really doing anything like equipment wise, phone system wise, any, you know, ready white wise, any kind of a wise. That was a substitute. Did it work? No. I mean it was nice, a nice social thing. It was delicious. It was a very nice. I didn't have to pay for it, which is a miracle by the way unless they pick up the tab themselves. That was very nice. It was a pleasant evening, but does it substitute in any way shape or form from doing business? No. See, they don't get that here. It's like not in their vocabulary doing business. Here's a lady in Pompano. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I'm a patient talking to you. So fun. You were asking about first earlier. Yes. I have one. And I have to tell you that it's in the pile of crap. And in other words, if you like crap, this is a pet piece. Yeah. So like I can't talk to you. Well, a lot of people like Greg. Okay, she must look because she's got one she said. All the way, I forgot to ask you if they did a, if they had their own litter box. You think they do their crap in a litter box? Well, we'll find out. We have an open line and see it. And Rick Rally saw us. They got first. They just do it right on the living room floor. And of course, after we go to library after in Boca, he knows smell that it's because she I don't understand that business about how everybody knows that woman that the, uh, Boca library, I don't get that. I mean, it's just what are the odds that they, what are what? They're four million people more than that here in South Florida. And the odds of my coming on the ear, seeing I heard Rick and said talking about a smelly, a homeless lady who hangs down at the library in Boca. And then you're telling me that your wife knows her. Knows of her. Well, why do you, that makes it sound like their friends or something. She's the whole, she has lunch with your wife every week. They, yeah, what do you mean? She's like a bag house. Yeah. At the house. Then who wanted to be over? She used to work at the Boca library. In fact, that's why George had a move used to come by the house for lunch and they had a few weeks. A few again. Yeah. So why don't they take her out? Why can't they clean her up or bathe or something? Why don't they put a shower in there in the library? They've had meetings about this. They can have a power shower. The family that reads together showers together. Isn't that the way it works? Yeah. Yeah. What's wrong with that? Put a goddamn shower in there. It'll solve the problem. Get her some damn clothing in there. But you never will cough up the money in the, the fair. He's real worried about the homeless. Always good shirties that he donated so heavily. By the way, thanks very much for all the great articles. All the coverage all around town, the newspapers, TV stations, the assumed regulations over $155 is said to what was their one word. No. Anything anywhere. No. Thank you very much. Not that we expected it. But thanks for helping up to our expectations because your useless. No safety, he just bought you. Greg Holyfiz. the last year. $10,000. $20,000. Well, you're digested, trouble to all of her with a revolutionary new jerky man. Yes, for the price of a cuffa coffee and the cost of our machine, you can be ready to make pounds and pounds of the lust, lonesat limited edition bipartisan mocked beef jerky by product. For five, simple payments of just a few low monthly installments of merely the amount of money being asked by us for you to pay for this fine product, plus shipping and handling and state and local sales tax plus delivery costs, you can be only a couple short payments away from being in the early stages of financing what is guaranteed to be a simulated food stop that will stay in your family even longer than the beef jerky stays in your government. How does it work? Well, that's all explained in our e-futile follows 75 days low calorie Japanese instruction manual. Just call 1-800 jerky me and you'll be the pride of your bowling league. Hey, how's Ron Popeye'll do a baby? Oh, I have you ever ever seen the one for the dehydrated with the jerky? You're gonna see all of that shirt? One of my favorites. I'm not sure whether I like to post a maker the best. Well, next cut that stuff oozing out the red and the green and the yellow and people are like gagging the audience and fall in all over each other and you're just a little straight face. Oh, yeah, you can make quirky jerky and then the cross-eyed bitch sits on there. Oh, yeah, wow, look at that. Where's the money, Ron? Here's Hialia, hello. New horror. Great. 1999 starting kind of story. It's, you know, what it is. It's what it is for the song. It's in the automobile personal fitness trainer. Yeah. And three years I bought that whole story with a low fat diet. I prescribed it to people. I've worked with athletes. I've worked with a lot of junior guys and junior hockey and Canada, you know, developing for the NHL for years. I believe in that. When the game James worked with a lot of those junior guys. Yeah, he sure did. Yeah. And it down to you worked him up. Yeah, I should have. Yeah, but I heard of your show when I moved down here and it was just about the time when you started talking about the acting of the diet. I didn't go about the book. I tried it on myself. I tried it on a couple clients. They were really, really overweight. Let me tell you, I swear by it. I do like that. I do not prescribe a low fat high carb diet to anybody. I don't care who they are. Right. It just doesn't work. Sure way to kill somebody. I guarantee you then. Well, I believe it's right. I'm going to write on the road to heart disease with that low fat high carb. It's a bunch of crap. Yeah. Listen, one quick question. I caught the other day that bit with a guy from silent to the land. Yeah. Is that something that still Henry did or is that something you know? No, believe you're not. You'll have to be did not do bad. You're like that. It is. You saw you have a chance. You know, I'd like to hear it again because I only caught the tail end of it. It was funny. You didn't play that today. I didn't hear today. This is Kevin. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's coming to a, and the lip augmentation has met a press surgery phase. All of these things. Mm-hmm. It does. I'm wondering. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I mean, I'm not there. It would be right away. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lambs stop crying yet. Mommy. It's just me. Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works in the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw to be. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first in there. I'm not looking actually. We can tell you that one way to you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works in the lotion in the basket. Well, do you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar upon the consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Um, my name is Buffalo Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I'd love to. It works in the lotion in the basket. I understand. It works in the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the person? It works in the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the bottle like this. Bill. It works in the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It works in the basket. What would you like to make an appointment? It works in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It works in the basket. Hello. What? What? What? What do you mean that's on there's so long at the end? What does that mean? You're not going to find it original. It just went on and on and on and on and then clunk. Oh, yes. It's a nice logical ending. Why sing? Now, did Phil have you do that? No. Are you sure? Two open lines a day. 5 6705 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey. Good afternoon. Yes sir. Happy to do you. Happy Wednesday. I don't know. I don't know. Now, I think I should have taken a pull. Maybe we'll do it tomorrow. I should have taken because I feel really bad if you believe that about this default thing is he's taking this very personally and it's business and he's taken it personal and obviously he's all bent out of shape. I mean, Rick and son that worked with him for years and not everybody who listens to the new Roger show listens to the rest of the station. That's obvious. And so for people who, you know, who don't listen to the worst team, I thought it would be okay to mention you're like Rick and Judge over there at 940 in the morning. And he's going to be a group of talk between 60 and 10 a.m. and they need some help because clear channel is cheap and don't give many promotion and what's wrong with that. But default is psychotic about he's suicidal. He's going to do an already so we're at a schlomi's right now given away free hockey. Probably probably another one of his 85 gigs that he's got going. I think so. But anyways, when the call is say we're still here listening and just want to call one of my good friends. One of your good friends at douchebag. Yeah. Hey, Stan, if you're listening, you're douchebag. Before you go, what now what about those stock reports on the recon touch show? Uh, I don't listen to them all the time. Okay, have a go. That was a diplomatic way of saying, does you want to hear him? No, we don't want us to cut it out. We're going to stop doing that. We can't stand it. Open line and Brian. It's just so it doesn't fit in. It doesn't fit in. It's like turning on Dr. Laura and hearing her talk about bloody diarrhea. Jay, Jay, just doesn't fit in. They show you expect here about bloody diarrhea. And you did for my thanks to my little dog. Thanks, tiny. What open line is aid? What in Broward and Hank Goldberg show from Shulaz to a clock this afternoon? As we get approaching that big sports weekend, baby. You're fired up in the NBA. They settled the deal. You said it about that. No. We're not. We're not infected with the cancel. Everything after the super bowls over cancel everything except the NHL. And then we can calm down a little bit. I'll be happy. Talk about important things like bloody diarrhea. Here's a mobile in Key West, Tala. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. My name is Juan Carlos. Yeah, sure. Okay. We have an open line of day-one at Broward. By all the little spix-man, you know, you make such a tremendous contribution to this show. Maybe it's a reflection of the great contribution that you've made to this community. You think there's any similarity there? Uh-huh. Or always hearing about what? That wasn't a spick. The hell it wasn't. That was a redneck spick on Carlos. That was a redneck spick from the southern part of Cuba. That's right. He was from the deep south. Hey, listen, we got problems with your people on this show, okay? We've had a rift. We've had a steak driven between us. I think it's one of those Palamino steaks. We're in Pete, we're in us and all of our Hispanic friends out there who are Closet listeners out there because God forbid anybody, as you know, they go in to that Maddoquean on the radio, huh? Let's take a mobile in Pompano, hello. Mobile in Pompano. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's the story here? Any news on that pot thing? Maybe it was no story and there was no news. No news. No. And there's pretty much no one has the something that would happen. Yeah, I'm just warning because I would get news, losing a hack and now for a while. And I don't know if there was still shopping. Does that mean they need to go back? Oh, did that get hurt? They need to go. Yeah. I didn't see that. What's up? They had up on the Panther Game last night. We're saying hack is that injured? Well, I mean, that opens up to do a month you're all again. I mean, you think that he'd want to play there. He's from Quebec. He's a frog. He's been in there. But of course, there's a lot of pressure there. But he's used to that. But the Canadians need desperate help. There they're out there in big trouble. They're not going to make the playoffs. We're about to need serious help. The coaching job there on the wire, too. Oh, sure. The general manager who raised on the wool, you won't be seeing him no more. He's going to sleep with the fishes with the, the, the, What's his name? He'll be on the image of our to the gun. A long time ago. Well, that's the way it goes. They leave sir have it a big year. That's all accounts. Yeah, what is weed? You think that would be to the change in the conference or the fact that they got the curse? Well, I mean, the change in the conference. I'm most willing to win. Most of the list will you listen to me. Most of their wins are against the Western conference. They're 14 to 1 1 against the West. In fact, they're probably wishing they would have stayed in the West right now. They'd have 70 points. Oh, I didn't know the record was the behind the West. Yeah, the Western conference. They'd give, they'd swept Detroit to regain. They'd be Phoenix five to two. They're killing the West, baby. Great. I'll just got to learn to play a little bit against those boring trap teams in Eastern. They'll be okay. All right. All right. Thanks, 3D and call. Okay. Have a great day. See you around. We have an open line at Broward 2 in day. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp 5 60 on the prestigious AT&T Wireless line. Where do you find? Hey, Goldberg. Right where you got it. Sports radio 5 60 Q 8 L. Just determine your hand and youth and lick my boots. Hi, this is Janet Jackson. And I knew album sucks. So I've got one. Well, there's here. You got that coffee hot? See. As I said, I've loved coffee and a month. See, they definitely back at it. That's why I'm opening up my chain of coffee and a place called Starbucks. See, Starbucks. Starbucks. We've secretly replaced Janet's coffee with piping hot forger's crystals. One. You got those ones on? See. Okay.