Dog, hop on board! Bitch! I'm gonna put the rope on my back. I'm gonna put the rope on my back. I'm gonna put the rope on my back. I'm gonna put the rope on my back. I'm gonna put the rope on my back. Are you ready, Amanda? Ooh! Pretty healthy, huh? Oh yeah. I think it would suit like that. He personally knew in one place, though. Oh, oh, oh, oh. What are you doing? I don't know. Eddys, oh, here are my enemy. We're doing whatever we're trying to do. Amanda, Amanda, tell us about yourself. I don't know what that's coming from. That was great. Well that was bluff, was just in there. Bluff, buff, buff, buff. You know, right at the start of the show with his new schedule. Nice going, Bluff. So do you want me to hit the other two now, yo. Let's go. 14.0560. Now would you two a.m. I mean, more than one, or double. I'd rather than a single. I'd rather not be. You'll rather show to talk to me. You'll call 567. 0.562. I'm afraid you were taking Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone. The upgins of the, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show. Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Beesley-rean acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcasters group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5.62. Hey, what up? Anya, lunch, money. A 32er pic, a hit. That was a plan. You have me, mom. With the good fat can. The hungriest girl. That I ever did see with an ever-made men's eye. 238 chickens. And my dessert, dark Donna, and 12 is Paul with blue-born and on it. In my personal fold, it couldn't speak baby. Something's not the pie with a jewelry crazy. I never will forget when you tried to ram with dribble on your chin. It's just not that. When you finish what was left, a chicken won. Do the fat seeter in the world of WQAM. You were the world of seven known. I was deep in love. Deep in love for me. With you was more in love with the Frank Sybil's. My advice to you, could set a bloody head to fit in a pair of jeans from that but crumbian fit. All that summer day, you went to Canada with giant shoes, couldn't roll up, thick. And I was afraid on that picnic that day in the front. I can't believe she did found what to rack her ribs, all the jerry's, including the fit. She had won forget all that picnic that day in the summer. I like to ask for a life. They do it in a 10 or two or five, 16 WQAM happy Thursday. Thanks to my good, close personal best friends in the world. At above all, garage door and parts. I told them I'd give them a nice plug today. I didn't do this for free. They gave me the minimum charge, which is very nice. But it's not like they gave me a free me today. Oh, no. No, seriously. Great guys. They were yesterday at like, which I didn't even know they were coming, which you neglected and tell me by the way, but they showed up. I thought I told you. No, he did not. Oh, well. But that was a pleasant surprise. And no time at all. They greased it. Loved it and smeared it. And, uh, oh, man, it's unbelievable. And the door, too. So thank you so much. Above all, a garage door and parts. You do a great job. And if you're a garage door, it goes this way. Slowly. These are the people to call. And also, thanks to what's your guys name that you have the thing in here, which I don't have his name. Any better come back in the fix my thing. Scott, Scott the plumber. While they'll give them the whole, we'll give them the whole plug when he finishes doing the job. Here's a great letter to the editor and they sent sent a list morning by the way. Why is it great? Well, you listen. I'll tell you why. Alan Wackerling of plantation rights. Editorial on target. I want to commend the editorial staff for your October 23rd editor, the editor, regarding the southern Baptist criticism of other religions. I don't often agree with you, but tutorials, but I do agree with this one. You have stated my opposition to many of the Christian religions. All right. I know you'll receive many letters, especially from southern Baptist criticizing your position. But I want you to know that there are people who agree with you. And I am one of them, where it's Alan B. Wackerling. In plantation. Let's hear it for Alan. I like the majority of people with a brain. If you want to believe in fairy tales, fine. No problem. Okay. Just don't try to make everybody else an offer that they can't refuse and give us this song in advance. Well, we're going to do this. This is what you don't have to do it. Okay. Just stop being so intolerant. Such a bunch of goddamn offinger pointers. Is that okay? No. I knew you'd say that. Speaking of assholes, by the way, how about the hoots by this giant Henry? Here is a desperate, desperate man. Henry's new park pitches is right on the front page of the hero today. Along with the article about how we got the Fox Investigating the Chicken Coupe now. Oh yeah. And there are penises that he's going to get up to panelies. Pick the panel to investigate my international. Not that the hero would brought him out of the closet. That's right. They have to have an independent authority or private company to investigate the chicken coupe. And of course, this is the same narrow by the way whose name is mentioned every other paragraph in that 85 part series about the scandal at my international. He's going to get this group together and then go to investigate and make sure that everything's kosher. Then later by the way, in the same newspaper today in the business section, here's a big, big, big thing. I haven't seen a thing this big in a long time. A bumpy takeoff at MIA American Airlines begins first phase of construction. Here's American Airlines Chairman Don Cardi with plans for the Miami World Gateway terminal. I mean, it is massive. It is huge. It is vivid. Unbelievable. Americans, concourse. Well, listen, you've got to have a lot of room for all the hand grenades in a heroine. You know, for all the rug rats. Can you imagine with this big of a thing how much can go on then? God, they can have a multi trillion dollar drug smuggling operation going on over there. Americans, concourse, we'll feature 150 ticket counter positions, 17 security chicken points, an automated people will resist into the capacity of 74,000 riders a day, one and a half miles of moving walkways and improve baggage claim and the best part of the deal is it only costs 5.4 billion dollars. All right, piece of cake. Baby, as we reward American Airlines for being so much on time and carrying so much about the customers and for the hand grenades and the heroine and the rug rat, the ramp rats, whatever the hell they are, the rug rats. We'll get back to that. But anyway, John Henry, I was desperate, desperate man. Even though he's not in it for the money, you do understand that, don't you? I didn't, you don't want to make no profit. I understand that. Well, he tried his best to do it the other way and he everybody said no. I think it's going to be real, real interesting. First of all, to see if there's any response in the course later, that's a real good question. But now he says the public will pay to build a stadium or at least go to the cost of the 10, he's going to give 90% of the profits after being adjusted for inflation of course. Back to the community and offer we're not supposed to be and back to the community to support quality of life projects like parks. How do you like that? Do you think they're buying this? Oh yeah, politicians, they're not too upset about this as a matter of fact, they're saying this is a very good answer to the council. And you're a symbolist, no relation to Ephraim says it's extraordinary and unbelievable. Deal. And you're a symbolist, a Smith College economics professor who's author of baseball and billions and a critic of publicly finance stadiums. No one has ever done this before he says. He was quick to caution however that the as yet undeveloped details will be proposal or critical, how are the profits to be counted by who's accounts? Keep in mind the very creative financing and accounting that's been done by Wayne High Pingu before and now by John Henry now in addition to which it says in the same article the Marlins respective break even this year. Didn't I tell you about Montreal? Then average like 9,000 people attendance again the worst in the images and they still broke even and they got like a rosy future coming up because they didn't lose any money last year. The Marlins respective break even this year. So what would have been wrong if they lost 20 or 30 million like all these other sports franchisees because he'd all want to do that? So a lot of creative financing going in there in the sad part of it is people like for Lauderdale Mayor Jim Nagel says the proposal would sue the public skeptical of donating millions to a millionaire's team. And many of the politicians are jumping right on the bank by saying oh yeah sounds good to me. Here's the excuse we've been waiting for to embrace this deal. Now let's start taxing the public and come up with all kind of creative ways. And maybe we can get a chunk of this too for our pet projects. Do you think any of this money is going to go to the school? Oh by the way speaking of school just see the story this morning. Silver bluff I wrote it down silver bluff elementary school in the date county in Miami. They got no money for security guards so the principal is like cut it down to like one part time security guard. And the parents are having an nervous breakdown does anybody care? No of course with every school on on right now it's a real good idea to cut down on security guard in school. I don't just think that's a real good idea. We don't have money for security guards to watch your kids at school. We don't have money for textbooks. We don't have money for lunches so that all kids can get fed in school. But we are going to have money to build a stadium for John Henry. And he's going to give it back to us a big chunk of it so we can build more parks. And things like that sounds good to me right? I say let's jump on a bad one. Let's go let's do it. I must be crazy I must be not. Now you got our vote baby. Let's hop right in there with John Henry. Come on. Yeah. You'll see the tremendous response to this going to be overwhelming. Like everything else in this time. Oh, by the way speaking of overwhelming just a last footnote. I want to dwell on this again. I've spent too much time even though I do take personal front of this whole golf tournament situation is designed to this front. So our sales manager I don't want to mention Lou and Winniac on the air again. Screw in calls up Tracy, Caracito, our former promotion assistant. Whatever the hell is title was in Boston who doesn't even work here anymore. And says if anything goes wrong with his golf thing if there's any bad fall on you're going to take the fall for it. Tracy the same Tracy you took the fall for Senator Roy Foster in here that day. Roy. Harry on while I was on the air about this golf tournament and about how come we can't bring OJEC. It's said I'm so on. I just want to put that out there for the public record. That this psychotic bitch is continuing. All over the country now people I don't even work here anymore. You're going to take the fall because if there's any fall you're not here any more anyway. So you know you can take the fall. Nice going sweetheart. 10 past 10 at five 60 WQM. No fortunate as broad chest may be reproduced without being expressed with the permission of WQAM. Be free to use acquisition court. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. 1 2 3 4 5 coming over honey now coming take a drive to my big house in Chaffa. We can both get gyms and maybe a little Panama. The wife is on business. She's up for a week. I'm like a kid in the candy store. It sounds like she that has threats. Oh God, so there and you to you remember little Billy your lady. It's gonna be a while time at the home in New York. It's gonna be a long cheat. It's like a fort. I'm just like that. So good. I'm an alcoholic now. Do I want my chocolate? Oh, little bit of a mama's up in my glass. A little bit of a mama's up without my glass. Oh, I can't have been a mama's up for us. When she's brought away that pillow. A little bit of a mama's up for us. What I need. A little bit of a mama's up. A little bit of a mama's up here. I am a little bit of you. I'm a happy man. 10.15 to 5.50 WQM. I am a little bit later on. I'm gonna talk about one of my favorite topics. And we'll get the facts machine going again. And all of our people will be sending their facts. I love every time I even play the sound. The NRA people start sending the facts is again. Oh, you don't understand New York. And you better take it up and look at that second amendment. And you better by the beat. Yeah, we assess your values God damn it, Mr. because it's the un-American effort way what you're saying here. Gunman kills two minutes. He had a boat shop. He walked in very calmly. Shot four employees at the boat repair company, killing two of them. And this right on the heels of this wacko out in Hawaii. And of course, Honolulu. You know, it's way out there in the middle of the Pacific. I've been there many times. It's a beautiful place. But it's far away. So you hear about that at all? No. Investigators misdeified at Hawaii office massacre. Reporters say Brian, you a sugi after killing seven men. Wave goodbye to a coworker. Bye bye. Be seeing you. She just only need Jack Lord in the son of a bitch is dead, you know what? Just want me to need him. And he's dead. You're one of the bad hairpiece. Bye bye. See you. Be seeing you. Is not what the prisoner said. Be seeing you. Patrick McLean. Maybe he knows him. A search of his home by the way. Found you. 11-hand gun. Five rifles. He's jacked on. By the time I check how Ludo's in Hawaii in Hawaii is the 50th state or whatever it is. In the 50th or 49th. Yeah, 50th. I know. Why won't he cares about Alaska, you know? That was just to get the Russians pastake. It's big. It's huge. It's gigantic. And Alaska too. Yeah, 11-hand gun. Five rifles in two-shock. See, the fact that we have all these guns laying around this is not why people get killed. In addition to which, by the way, you as Sugi's father, hero said is centered on the gun. Anger management counseling after threatening supervisor and damaging elevated or in 1993. Don't you love that? That's even better than closure. Anger management. In other words, what we do is with crazy irresponsible people who are out of control. We send them for anger management counseling. I guess it didn't work. I guess we might say that in this particular case, it didn't work because there's a bunch of dead people now. And then the same. This is on page 21 and a hero. I mean, it's all over the place. But you have to kind of search for the good stuff. Here's the whole list of the masks. These are shootings in 99. Not individual shootings because it would take the whole newspaper to list those. But these are mass shootings. Would you be killed as American as Apple Pie? What is that, by the way, is that your bonus check? What is that? When's your show on? Oh, right now. This is your employee at the month check. Oh, I'm overwhelmed. Oh, and you're a bit more impressed. Me too. Where's your bonus? Is that in there? And they threw you a bonus? Yeah, maybe they saw these hour by hours. How that bluff just gave me. There goes bluff. Getting on my nugget again. Have you written little memo? They may make it little drawings on the doors again. The children from the morning show. I got news for you. Better be spending your time more constructively after I look at these hour by hour numbers. From this from the last three rating books, by the way. I know we better make copies of this in plaster mall over the walls all over the building, which I usually don't do stuff like that. It's childish and juvenile. But when you work here, why the hell not be like everybody else? And packed to these all over the wall. Which I'll get to those in a little bit. Oh, I will. I'll get to those numbers 12 plus and then 25 to 54 hour by hour. I mean, you talk about something that just stands right out. Even John Holmes, the very anything that stood right out like this, like these numbers. In the middle of a rust oasis of numbers. So instead of making little drawings of me and bluff on the ground or whatever to help we're doing in that picture. And all this other crap about getting off Neil's nugget and getting all upset because of some innocuous line he wrote in the memo. And making it and going to his office and cry and rewrite the memo, which he did both. Instead of that, how about working on that guy? I'm sure they're in a morning. Okay. Because obviously we've seen these numbers. It could sure use some work. George and I were talking to, I'm getting sidetracked, but this is very good. We're talking about this before when I first came here. And I began to see all the people. In fact, when we really went ahead and hit us big was last January, remember they're getting ready for the Super Bowl. So they like shoved us out and everybody else out down in the second floor because the Greg was trying to impress everybody with a big shot he was. And it was to embarrass that all these out of town sports media moguls come in and see that toilet over there. The bug infested right at first that is thank you to call it, join over there in Sheridan Street. And so at that point we began to see all the people that work on the other shows here. The morning show has got 173 people that work on that show plus this re-guys on the air. Hank show has got 142 people that work on that show. Plus Hank in the clearance when he's sitting in there holding somebody's hand. It's staggering to me. Now I got news for it like Howard for example Howard's got a lot of people work on that show with him. He's got Rob and he's got Jackie to Joe were used to have. He's got boy Gary. He's got this. What he's got crazy stuttering John. He's got plus of course all the other technical people. He's got a whole crap cock. He's army. But at least he's got big numbers in every market that he's in. He's kicking ass. He's making millions of dollars for the people who are putting him on the air. I'll say that for him. But I mean if you're going to take 242 people to do a show. If you're going to have a massive production like that that's 300 people to do a radio show. I mean there better be some big payoff at the end. You don't talk about it. There better be some big guy damn numbers there. You better have a generate some kind of an audience. When I take a look at these like 12 plus numbers which is the entire audience. And I see in the summer rating book 9 to 10 am a 2.1 share. And then a 10 o'clock it becomes a 6.3 share. I have to raise one eyebrow. I have to do it with my finger because I can't do it by myself. Like some people who can automatically do that. So with my middle with my most important finger. I raise my right eyebrow. Two three inches up there and he's saying there's something wrong. There's somewhere. So you guys there in a morning you 423 guys that work on a morning show. It's not a worrying about us and some silly memo that bluff road and all your paranoia about me. Just get back to business and start taking care of matters on here. Okay. And try to butcher those guys up a little bit. Be fed thing up a little. I'm not picking on my good friend Jake's McDonald. Just because we all want to get the job. You'll need to get the job as you're going to get the job. Oh no. He should have gotten the job doing play by play because he would have been great. I think he would have been excellent. I was all for him. I was on his side, which is probably why I didn't get it. They're bringing us old buddy, buddy, who happens to be. We were talking this morning out in the hallway about the difference. Okay. But because I heard them play when I got in the car this morning. Jake's McDonald, which I was coming home from Pomato Park last night. Just as the opportunity on the third period, Panthers ran down to the one. And my boy Ray Whitney, nice gone Ray. Pies up the game. I would maybe the thing is in the year we got to get a hold of that. Jake's calling it. He's talking about some while the Panthers, there's an delayed penalty coming up. And now the Panthers are going to have a two. The Panthers are just tied up again. It's just, it's unbelievable. It's just amazing. And so we were talking this morning about like, you know, the fact that Chris Moore was terrible on the year. And he was an asshole. Jake's terrible on the year, but he's a great guy. I love Jake. He's a super guy. He's awful on the year. Much better than Chris Moore. Please still awful. And doesn't describe what's going on. I'm driving home and I'm listening to this with the four eyebrows raised up in here. And later on in the third period, Tom Potty of the Orles gets hit in the head with a puck. And I thought that play had stopped because Jake's in describing, well, it looks like his helmet. And I'm thinking like he got injured seriously. And then all of a sudden he yells, oh, and Trevor Kid makes it from end to save it. The other end of the ring. And I'm clicking. You know, I'm clicking at that point. Yeah. Yeah. Are we going to get that from those guys? I guess we probably won't get that. That I'm doing the third thing. It's in there. And I thought I mentioned that. I'm going to want to go in the 9010. They probably are two and a half. Very serious. Hey, I'm not responsible for those numbers. Okay. And the spring book before that, it was only a two two. You know, remember the guys that you've stabbed a two two on IOD? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And if you're on a sports station, the last thing you want to be seeing wearing is a two two. You know, it's just not good for the image. It's not good to butcher up the image. You guys. A two two. So maybe a two one is better than a two two. I'm a random man. I'm just full of the pain because I can start talking a little bit today. Even though I'm going to go see my new doctor friend just for the hell of it. Just haven't taken some blood. I love giving blood. And just go in there and find out all these different. I love the numbers. You know, I'm a numbers guy. I love radio numbers. I love blood test numbers. I don't know why. I just, uh, something that diddle with, you know? There's nothing wrong with having something to do with. So George is going to go out there and look now for that jigs McDonald thing, which we desperately have to have that. Is it in there? Yeah, they're looking. They're looking for it. Maybe they're looking for the rest of that audience too from that to two point. Well, whatever was. Sure, they won't get a test. I beg your pardon. That's it. How you doing? That would give it to us. Or I'll read the rest of these numbers. How's that? Huh? Yeah. I'll read the 12, the men 25, 54 numbers if they don't give that to us. Then they'll really, then be full of jump off the top of the guy that I'm building. Oh no. He plays it safe. He'll jump out of the first four window. He's going to be full. He's kind of like, right in the fence. It was right there at 8 o'clock this morning, by the way, that they played that. Right there at 8 o'clock, Donnie B, who looks really especially sorely this morning. Well, he's upset that we're ripping his good friend Chris more in a hallway. He has a thing for Chris. 26 after 10 at 5, 16 WLQA, I'm what a bit of this is. So I got my bonus check already. Oh, woo. Got these best. Did strain that. By the way, did I mention that screw-and called up Tracy Caracetal and Boston, who don't even work here anymore, did I mention that? Telling me better we prepared to be the fall guy for all his crap from this scandal as golf tournament. How do you like that? Trouble-making psychotic bitch. Wow. At least he's consistent. Two young hands. God, good co- You gotta shot. We gotta chance. You gotta chance. You gotta chance. You gotta chance. You gotta chance. You gotta chance. You gotta chance. He's in love. Here on Sports Radio 5, 60. She lay in. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. These are effective political garden taters. They can serve it at economic paradise. Tell us the year 2000 election will be. We'll get off a drug. Let's just slap the pizza. She's a free-fear delivery to quote Winston Churchill. Outtake mine with copious amount of crap around. And they just have to do the roommate. You know where he left the toilet seat up again. Here are a feminist. My dear. Live with George S. Wilundre. Right after stupidly season. Thursday. This fall on M.B. The 31 of times. You've got to be two-way. How about those naked police by the way baby? A one goal in the last four games. Pick it ass. Last night first place in Eastern Conference. Try to first and lead in the points. God are they kicking some serious ass. So anyway, I'm coming home from the track last night. Got my radio on here on 560 WQM. Your Panther Intensistation. Because the Panther Edmonton game is on right. And of course I couldn't be watching any of it as a track because unfortunately sports channel off-lord is digital now. And it's not on the cable systems up there. First not on the in-house. Whatever to help. It's not on the big dish. So I hear Jigs McDonald here. Wicked the in-bell and bay across the air from to line. Wicked the helicopter. David's in-bell and bay. That's the in-truits. Good stop by. So the puck closing cleared out of there by Jason Smith. Even myor was battling for it. It was knocked out in other penalty clubs. Having 5-3's have just signed it up. I shot out the left side. The people in the place got it. But by the wizard. Ray Westy. I had to gain a group. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. They used to be a former great. The Yankee pitcher wait hoi. From the threes from before most of us were born. And he was the baseball announcer for the Cincinnati Reds for years. And just a craggy old bizarre guy. And he used to do the game in the past tense. He would be telling all these stories. You know all these little anecdotes about his playing days. And when he was playing he did this. And then he would get back to the. Oh Johnny Bench is in a high five on. Love you over my back and hit the wall. He would do it in the past tense. But he wasn't describing the game. He was it happened. He was telling stories. And then he would tell you what just happened a little while ago. And of course, he would hear the reaction of the crowd. And so on and so forth. So you knew something happened. And then you knew that wait would tell you about it. Wait hoi. Anybody remember him in the audience? No. Nobody's at all. So that's what jigs I guess is doing. I guess once you pass your 85th birthday you start talking like wait. Hoyt was 110. You start describing things in the past. Which is a lot easier than trying to keep up with the fast pace for like hockey. Would like to scrap more. And then you're going on now. Like Michael angered your bull and might do or can Wilson or something like that. I mean, see they could have given it. And again, it goes back. This is a message for all you kids out there is done. Cherry would say it's not what you know. And I want you to do it's who you suck around. That's what it's all about. That's why the knees. Puffin came was brought in here because of his bill. Tory. I'll enter a connection. Am I right about that? There's no question about that. Why they brought that illiterate thumb frog in here. Who's still there by the way saying illiterate thumb things on the telekats. That he's potten because Bill Tory is obsessed with him. And that's why jigs and McDonald came in here because again, Bill Tory going back to those islander days. Remember those days a hundred years ago when the islanders had the great team. Who's there about to disband anyway. And so we get to make Donald. Instead of taking a young guy like guilty. Who was pressed into service last year when Christina wore Mr. Plain or whatever. How I'd deal was and had to do that range again. And did a magnificent job under a lot of pressure with no advanced preparation. Did a really good job. And that was before I even liked him. And I still say he did a good job. And so we were pushing for him because here you know you got a young franchise. You got a young guy that you want to who could be the pants of an answer on a video for the next 20 or 30 years. You develop some new talent instead of bringing back some old, retread, tired old hack. Who will do a thing like that. Like I've never heard anything like that in my a pants. If just tied it up. Well, what does that mean? See, once the moment is gone, once you've blown it. So to speak, that's what Monica always said. Once you've blown it, it's kind of like anti climactic. What happens after that? You know what I'm saying? Squared, squared guy. The climactic moment is gone. When you're listening to a sporting event, especially on a radio. Forget about TV because at least he even see it. But on a radio, the guy's supposed to make that moment exciting. But when a moment is already gone. And he's saying, oh, it just happened. You know, it's like, you know. Like that. Like a frog's fart is how it goes over. Not too good, Jigs. Pretty disappointing. That's all I can say. Bitterly disappointed. In his work so far. Great guy, like I said, on my Chris Moore, who was a real, real, slimy asshole. I mean, one of the most, in fact, him and school animals would have made a good pair. Why couldn't they have a loaf together? You know what I mean? I would have been great. Maybe it's still not too late. Like I've told you before, when you used to, why we used to be at the Miami Arena. And you'd see him frumping up and down as there. Not walking, but frumping up here. His body language would tell you that he was like a born loser. That was Christina Moore and real sour attitude and a backstabber and paranoid and delusional. And Joe Rose this morning told me that I've never affected anybody in this joint like I affected Chris Moore. He was psychotic about me. And I said, all right. That made my whole day even more than this bonus check. I just put in my pocket. So all these assholes like the ones we had yesterday, which I love those calls. Hopefully we'll have some today. Oh, you're all done. Why did you leave right now? What, yeah, those guys. Same boring stuff. Yeah, I just pop the big fat one in my wallet. Yeah, I just pop the big fat one. Scored, Scored? Yeah. And the check too. And these numbers that I was just handed here, these hour by hour are staggering, consistently staggering. And guess what? We'll continue to be consistently staggering. How do you like that? I like it. They stand out here. And remember those books that I would do for about 100 years. I've been doing this. Not that I want to pat myself on the back, do I? Yeah. Oh, like I said, I want to pat myself on the back because it feels pretty good. Kind of wish I had longer arms, you know. Oh, yeah. There you go. Not patting up for a little bit. I'm getting vibrations from it. Not bad. Feels pretty good. Keep going. Don't stop now. Yeah. What's wrong with that? That's a strange expression. Isn't patting yourself on the back? I like that. That's I love you. Or you could pat yourself on me. Wherever you want to pat yourself. Maybe on the back. Yeah. I've been asking for a couple of times. I want to talk about somebody's expression. We're going to try to do that. We're going to do a couple of times. I'm going to ask you and let's pat ourselves on a rear man. That's a sports thing. I'll start that again. They'll get real nervous about that. That's one of my 600 top 8s I brought up on the last 40 years that nobody will talk about, because you're too embarrassed. Aren't you embarrassed? I'm about that. All these macho he men out there that you admire so much. And they're patting each other on the back. What is that all about? My sure is strange to me. one other profession, one other area of endeavor, politics, medical profession, raw anything you name it to me, where men, grown men, petty, each other on the ass, and has anybody been able to give me one? No, no. Other than maybe in a T-room somewhere. No. Huh? Where the undercover cops trying to get real close to his friend. Well, anyway, we got that undercover stop cops story today too. About the cherry guy, not Don Cherry, some other cherry guy. What was this guy's name? Maurice Cherry. And I guess this cop was somebody who was Boston somebody's cherry and evidently got into big hot water about it and comes to find all its all a bunch of crap. And even one of the cops on tape on these surveillance from this so-called sting, this entrapment deal was caught saying on tape. He's not cooperating at all. He's putting Larry off. Larry the cop was trying desperately to entice him to grab his five. It's the colleague added, Larry is really working this guy. I'm receiving Dave County police funds for this. Question mark? As they were busy entraping this guy and destroying his life. That's your police work and action. But while we got all these guns laying around, and people police going away. Oh, look at that. That's a good sign. No fact is yet from the NRA people. Yet the gun crazy people. Look gun huggers. The gun lovers. I say if we find anybody who owns 11 hand guns, five rifles and two shotguns, I say lock up immediately without sooner. No sane person owns 11 hand guns, five rifles and two shotguns, or a partridge in a pair of tree. How do you like that? That's what David Cassidy told me. Or was it Danny Bonaudou spray? So, I went, I mentioned that Luan called, oh, I did. Tracy Curse, you know? Should have seen the look on Joe Costello's face when he heard that this morning. Wow, it was almost as enthusiastic as when I gave him the 200 bucks for that employee of the month deal. And you know, see, I don't make anybody wait. I come through right away. I hand him the cash. There he go. Here's two big ones, Joe. He deserves it. He does deserve it. He's a good guy. He does a lot of work for us. He does a lot of work around a joint. Even if he isn't that autoracing crap, but he can't help it. It's an important nuts in this place. And they end these sales. Pima has to be able to sales holes in it. He deserves it. That's why every little extra bone comes my way. I throw it over to Joe. They throw it to me. I toss it to him. He puts it down the hallway. They kick it in the net. And the pantheon just tied the game. Nice going, there, Jigs. What the- Oh, come on. That's nice going, Ray. Let's hear it for Ray Witton. Ah! You got your Ray Witton and Pavel Burrey. Burrey scores Witton ties to get you. But nobody else is scoring on that team. You got Victor Coslov, useless. Robby Needham, our useless. Scott Melonby, useless. Ole Kavashra, useless. Radictivorek, useless. Other net to do pretty good. Wow, am I just worked up and I am I'm psychotic today? What are you doing? I'm at the time of 60 WQM. Look at that. Oh, Bill, Pavel, LuBam, she's a loo. Jigsie, Ray. Jigsie, Ray. Jigsie, Ray. Jigsie, Ray. Jigsie, Ray. Jigsie, Ray. Jigsie, Ray. Jigsie, Ray. Jigsie, Ray. So, who, Ray? Are you? Jigsie, Ray. Nice, Boone. Pavel, LuBam. He chaps the noon down with you, Man. Jigsie knows what to do. Oh, shoot, yeah, that. You too. Ben Chubby, thought to brew. Team Hopner and Katzap, Dean over there. Jigsie's still one. That does it best, Jigsie. Jigsie, just Jigsie. Jigsie, Jigsie, just Jigsie. Jigsie, just Jigsie. Jigsie, just Jigsie. Jigsie, just Jigsie. It's so rude. Jigsie, just Jigsie. Got it today. Jigsie, just Jigsie. Jigsie, just Jigsie. Pop, pop, a loop up for her. A rock spoon, even though she's a scoundre. Got it, boy, Leon again. Whoa, if you want, it's like a ground. If you know you're going down. A series day on my TV, and maybe one day, she'll go, let me do it to that. Just Jigsie, just Jigsie. Just Jigsie, just Jigsie. Did you do it? It's so rude. Did you do it? Got it. Do it. Get it, get it. I've got to go now. She's on real soon. 1046 at 560 WCWM, happy Thursday, too. We're having a big party over here. We're having a big rating celebration today. Bonus is, Jigsie, Stella's walking around with cashiness. And Georgia, of course, on the other hand, is still sitting in her waiting for his and the bonus, too. Yeah. Well, certainly they've given to you by Christmas, wouldn't they? I mean, it's the holiday time. Why do you go ahead and have to go out and spend a lot of money this time of the year? Don't you think they're going to give it to you before? Anyway, here's the fact, and it's not even about the, and I'll read about crazy people with guns. Let me stay it again. Okay, any country that's got crazy people running around with collections of guns all over the place. People that have got real temper problems. People that have all kinds of personality defects running around with a bunch of guns. We'll never be a great country. We'll never be of anything but a barbaric slaughterhouse. Welcome to America, by the way. Thank you. But anyway, here's the facts. It says I've had two bypass surgeries, a hip replacement and new knees. I thought prostate cancer and diabetes. I'm half blind. Can't hear anything quieter than a jet engine. Take 40 different medications that make me dizzy, wind it, and subject to blackouts. I have thoughts with dementia. I have poor circulation and can hardly feel my hands and feet anymore. I can't remember if I'm 82 or 92, and I've lost all my friends. But thank God, I still have my Florida driver's license. That's great. Perfect for this town, baby. What do I mean? I think you do. 560550. I think we need to take care of this John Henry business and find out if he's winning any over new friends here with his new deal. That's right. He's going to give us up to 90%. He's not telling us how much money it's going to be. Of course, still it's too early to find out where it's going to go and who's pocket is going to get who. Of course, we still have no idea who's going to come up with the money to build all the access roads and all I money it's going to take. And of course, to just place all the businesses and the people who are going to be moved from where but the hell is this going to be built in downtown for a lot of days or where it's going to be. And we come up with the answers for any of that. No, it's going to pay for those things. No. No. But here's a desperate man who obviously can smell the feet. I mean, there is no doubt you have to be a moron, not to realize that the support for that new state of separate Tim Smith up there for a lot of day who just happens from the rumor mail to own some land, you know, some property and that distress part of downtown for a lot of day, that he's so young, hopeful, new state even. Except for him and a couple of other bozos, nobody seems to be in favor of this deal. Politicians look war would be an understatement. Okay. They're all basically saying, no, get lost. Here's a level in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil, my God, how are you doing? Yes, sir. Did you happen to watch a date line last night? No, I did not. Oh, it was beautiful. Did you see people magazine, man of the year? Yeah, we already know that, sir. Oh, I thought, I didn't know about it. May or peace? No. Man of the year? People magazine, man of the year, Richard gear. Yeah. I just thought that was amazing. Maybe their animal lovers, there are people magazine. They also have, they also have, may or penis is one of the sexiest politicians in the world. Why does that taste is in their, um, black domed, like the jurbles? It's fast for office. Okay. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line at statewide line. 877775 Neil. 8777756345. There's just a tremendous outpouring on a shiny and business. That he's not coming up with this new scam about how he's going to give the people back 90% of the profits. And we're going to build parks and all this other good stuff and bird cages, things like that. Look at the tremendous response we're getting here so far today. Here's Voka. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I can't believe John Henry hasn't figured it out yet. I mean, it's right and for it up. Yeah. A money making venture for this stadium that he wants. If the government continues to keep guns legal, then there's no reason why they wouldn't legalize this. It's similar to the lottery. Yeah. I expect this lottery like scenario where every day instead of filling out a lottery card with numbers on it, this card has boxes next to cities in the United States. In other words, you'd have Dallas with to be a boss and see how it'll haunt a little little or whatever. But what the participant is doing, they're trying to guess where the next workplace or school shootings going to take place because it's bound to happen. Just an idea for John Henry. I don't know. It seems to be what we're headed right now with all these shootings. Also, what other thing? The play by playman for the Panthers you're talking about on the radio? Yes. What's his name? I'm not a big hockey fan. I was meant to. But I was just wondering, have you ever done play by play? Sure. In hockey. I've done it. Yes, I am. Maybe the guy just made him a stay class. I'm just calling him to fence a him. What do you mean by that? He just made him a stay. Well, I only heard the clip you played about 10 minutes ago. Yeah. You never made him a stay when you were doing play by play, now? It's not the play. That's just one example. I also mentioned another one where he was talking about a guy getting the hidden hand of a book and somebody almost scored and he just had stopped describing the action and he described that after it happened. You can't describe something on a radio long after it happened. You have to keep up with the play. I mean, you don't even know the guy's name and you're defending him. Sir? Yes, sir. What if he's name? I just told you. I don't know his name. I mean, name me a hockey play by play announcer. Good one. A hockey play by play announcer. Right. Ah, the guy on the SPN. What's his name? What's his name? He used to do the main black bears. And for some reason, the name is Skate. The name of my bears, that's a guy that drowned. He's dead. Well, this is the same guy. He's not interested in any guy that's dead. He does baseball in the NHL. Yeah. What's his name? You're not talking about, I'm not talking about Tom Me. No, I don't hear you talking about Gary Thorne. Gary Thorne. Yeah. Well, you proven your point. I couldn't. I'd like to have a great day. Okay. Whoo. This just made the week for the phones. Maybe I'll turn to that right now. Is this the week for the phones? Oh, it's been deadly. I know what's going on here this week. It's another one of these phases, man. The moon is in Uranus something like that. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, 63345, 785, Neil on the Florida line. Really grim. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay. Good, man. I just turned my radio on a little while ago. I'm mistakenly I put it on Channel 6. Yeah, on Channel 6. On the station. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Apparently you have this low-risk lesson girl. I've got a flattened journey. Yeah. They gained desperate to compete with you. What does that mean? They're getting desperate to compete. She's been on one of their stations for two years now, three years. Yeah, that's not audience. Because I normally just listen to your show. Right. I can't believe they put this crap on the radio. What do you think is it make what's on the other stations? I don't understand. What does that have to do with us? It doesn't have anything to do with just as a little bit. Let's talk to me about it. What do you think? Let's talk about us. I just want to tell you that I truly enjoy your show. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. Woo! Like I said, baby. Get to the bank right now. Let's check. Five, six, seven, over. You know what I'm going to do now on it. Set a waste of my time. Try to make these people call. I'm just going to come in here where we're expecting a check every day. And then I'll say, okay, I'm going to do the whole little monologue for half an hour. And then I'm going to the bank. Stick it in there. Coming next day. Do it little monologue. I'll come in next to another check in there. A couple of months of that. And I'll come in one day and do the final monologue. Okay. See you. Yeah. That's the only way to do it. I mean, these people are going to come in. I just brought up 50,000 of the most guy then. Siddilating things in the history of mankind. Mayor penis. The fuck's guarding the chicken coop at the airport. We got the guy then crazy mass shootings. Both in Seattle and the Hanalulu the other day. Everybody in the brothers running around shooting up and nobody gives a guy to him. We got John Henry, who now is desperate. He wants to give the guy there money back. He's trying to make you an offer. You can't refuse. Does anybody care about any of these things? Oh. We got Jason McSodel. But just guy. He doesn't even know the guy's name. He doesn't know Gary Thorne from Jerry Carter. Boy, talk about a Thorne in your side. Blacks are got to call the other day about Peter Warnell or whatever they call them. Peter Warner. The big black guy named Peter. I mean, Jesus, don't we have anybody in his town? No, they don't think about anything. Oh, no. Jesus Christ. All those 18, 19,000 people that showed up in the macaroon at every night last year in a 14,000 or 13 that are showing up this year. They're like more than 10 of us than the way. Think about who these guys are. Oh, what it's all about. But we got a hockey team, baby. Here's a mobile in the game. Let's tell him. I'm in less yesterday now. There's a mobile in less yesterday. Yes, sir. Who's counting? Let me see if I can add a little something to this. Oh, my Donald call us right. Well, we need a mother sitting in the crease and the Edmonton oiler player. I guess checks him right in the chest and he flies feet first out of the the out of the crease. The referee behind the goal immediately signals a penalty. Meanwhile, oh, my Donald and also Jeff Rimmie is calling. Oh, there's a penalty. Penters on the part. And the women to play or clears the park to witness me. Yeah. It makes you to school. There's stuff to write in there. Yeah. Even Jeff Rimmie missed it. Did he remember blew it, too, huh? Oh, my god. I was like, what I'm going on last night. But anyway, that's kind of a challenge. I was like, hey, George has got a big smile on his face because you rip and remember in Georgia. I like boys. Both say the radio and the television apparently were calling the penalty rather than following the talk. Yeah. That's why I've been working when a guy gets behind. You know, you got to keep up with it. You can't do all this. Just like that. Don't comment on there. The other night on the SPN. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. I mean, he don't even let the play by play guys. See anything. And any forces that got to get behind. This is the problem that you encounter. You got to keep up with it. Baby, you got to keep it up. Yeah. And hockey is better just to have the play by playing that rather than having the game. Yeah. Get these colored guys out of there. That's what I say. Yeah. How about that? Exactly. My guy sport. I don't know. So even remember blew it last night. Wow. Stop twirling in this snorkeling. Whatever you're doing. Yeah. 10. 57 at 5. 60 WKM. I have the E. Go to the day. Go to the day. It's night. It's night. It's night. He was 15. His five. He took me there the day. No. He took me there the day. No. He took me there the day. No. It's just you. That's what he was okay. Woo, woo, woo. It was just made of his day. He was really good. He was hard and he loved me. He was the white house he'd be all here. Like a big cat just found. So he can't live in. He was like, dude, Lord, cuss, what the faggot is. He's a faggot. That's the way it's all. Kind of no fool. Let's go. He's a night in today. Lord, let's go. Never get me to say. Woo, woo, woo. He's a lot of road to a 560 WKM. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 877-785 Neil on the out of town line. And by the way, you'll notice the just his patient on that line is there on the other ones, George. But that's a good news. I don't like that around here. Here's a mobile and open park, hello. You know, if you ever think about stop the whining about their assholes again, he had the Brit stand there guy. Getty on it. Yeah, that's who it is. 560, 750. We just can't get any real calls this week. We just have game players and cronics and cracks and assholes and idiots and melt content. And I would have missed most of us that on the calendar. But that's all we've had this week. I'd say like 90% is what we've had. Like this guy, this idiot, Brit's tender junior. Here's my any, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, buddy, first time calling. I got a question for you. I just bought the best of Neil tape. Yes, sir. The old deal, the picture, the quote. Right. That big is great. But I'm trying to get a hold of your older stuff. Right. I mean, a hard time, I've called center one of having hard time doing that. I'd like to have made a good ass for a shameless request. But sorry, I want to hear that. I'm looking for. Yeah. The more about the old J, the slower sprites, you can die to don't you know. Are that splicing and dicing? Yeah, the more like a new arm, new arm, something, a new arm, something. Oh, hack the wife. Yeah, exactly. You've got a baby. That's a lot, partner. Chris, you see you. See you, pal. 560, 150, 50, 50. Hack this. We'll play it. And the pump 560 on the AT&T. There's something going on this week that we don't know about. I'll tell you that. I'm serious. I know this coming into morning show. In fact, that's another thing. Joe Rose lived me in a note when I was doing that thing about those ratings. He said, you know, he's sensitive. Very sensitive. You never know that. A guy with a head that big would be that sensitive, but he is. So, why don't you ask Mr. Hotch out? Why don't you ask your audience whether it's that the show sucks, but they don't like our show in the morning that you're people don't listen or maybe it's because there's too many commercials. So, maybe we'll fight off from this audience today. Among other things, if we ever get any real calls today. And for that's the reason that they don't listen to my morning show because obviously when you see this tremendous disparity, when you go from a 2.1 to a 6.3, it's 10 o'clock. And the audience triples out of a sudden in persons 12 plus. And when you go from a 4.2 and men 2554, which is supposed to be their big demo to sports station, a 4.2 to a 10 3, which is like 2 and a half times what they had there. There must be some reason for it must be all the spots you think. That must be it. Just say that he'll feel better. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Nice to talk to you again. I just tuned in so I don't want to be offended. But regarding this airplane crash, I just can't get the airplane crash. Yeah, they are playing crash that happened a couple days ago via Egyptian plane. It's some amazing in the how the media. They must feel like things they say are going to make the family members feel better. Today on the news, they were talking about how you play when up. And then it went back down and then it went back up again. And that's what it's split in half. And everybody was so alive. You know, I'm thinking of myself. If I had family members or loved ones, this was not make me feel much better. They just incredible the way I, you know, all these things happening with the shootings and the airplane. I mean, they're just throwing all over themselves. It's sick me. But I don't know what it cares about the shootings anymore. I mean, we had the one in Hawaii. Seven people got murdered. Yes. And we had the one in Seattle yesterday running the hills. Four people get shot to them or did. And there's so many of them. And the media is desensitized the public to it so that nobody cares. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. It's exactly what's happening. It's amazing. It was only seven and they had how many, 26 and coal bind. So seven, not too bad. What are going to over there? Right. Anything less than double digits now. We can't get to a better by the public. But I'm not sick. So anyway, I enjoy your show. I don't want to say hi to Julio. And just keep up the good work. Okay. Hi, Julio. Thanks, we are. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. Come on. Can't you, well, relatives, cry for us. Can't you whale and moon, little bit louder? Here we'll hold the phone out here. Can you hear right now? Can you hear these people are crying? They just lost their husband and their wife and their kids and their brother are off in their crying. Is that unusual? How was it for that? For the news media. You're crazy people. You're absolutely stark, raving man. Here's Boit and V, Chilo. No, how you doing today? Okay, sir. Just two things. Talking about charities where I work every year, we get this. You're not just way donation sheets. And you know, you have different charities and how much you want to donate out of the house. I don't, I have nothing to do with the other way. But so do I. Don't any person, don't any organization I ever do into is salvation army and stuff like that? Anyway, kind of part of the sheet was, you didn't donate so much. Whatever you want to, the brain-high-zinger children's fund. Uh-huh. I found out I'm mistaken. His children should be well off. Yeah. I'm just kidding. Another thing as a portion of the thing. Excuse me? Yeah. Well, I was fortunate to live overseas for while in Germany. And I probably will not be able to like use some day, live over there full time because, you know, my lifestyle and stuff. But uh, I- Because your lifestyle? I mean, I have a family, I have children, you know, I'm stuck here. I believe. So other as people who are families and children don't ever move to countries, they're what you say. I'm not saying that. I mean, I don't see it any time soon. I mean, I don't make money. Well, so what's the point? Well, the thing is I had the, I had, I lived a little there for a while. And I experienced what is just a little, but what is, is to live with. Yeah. And it's, it's fantastic. I mean, I lived in Germany. You've been in Germany even to, I've been to mines. I've been to Frankfurt. I used to just get on the train and travel anywhere I can go. And just, I have, you know, just experience what you can do over here. You know, uh, okay. Well, I've written your gear said it was pet you're a ballsy and colon. 560 50 50, pound 560 it was that, the call was that. Oh, no. Wow. I'm, I'm, I'm going to, I'm getting up right out of the chair and I'm going to go look out to window. Okay. I think that there's something to happen this week. It's only been this week. I'm going to go look out to window. I'm going to get my periscope out and take a peek around because I think it's getting really dangerous. It's becoming unsettling to me. Here's Boca. Hello. Yeah. Great. Two it up again. Okay. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Probably coming from down in Scoranz office. Most of these calls if you ask me. In between her calls to Tracy. I always love people when they, you know, let's like you said the dog, you know, they're going to affect. I know it's my little dog this morning was out in the yard. A little, uh, ran about 10 yards away. Kicked up some grass, you know, he's like he's doing a good job. That boy tiny cover to. When we like try to get their stories together, you know, try to coordinate their stories. Because when people tell a lot of stories, you know, they have to make sure that everybody's on the same page. This is going to be our story, okay? Okay. And if not, I got these pictures here of you from that swing club, you know. 9 minutes after it says she must, uh, I wouldn't be surprised if she's got one of the copies of the picture. Jason's a, uh, Jay shaped third from the toilet full of that thing. She's probably got one of those pictures. She must have some kind of a crap book down there. And is that where you'd put a picture like that? 9 minutes after 11 a QA and 4 is a gaggy fuck, okay? Okay. Oh my god, you're breath, you're beautiful. Oh, right. Get back to that part. That's a part of the bubble, bubble, bubble. Oh, just then some, not was a hero. The bi-missing guns across the land. There went two pieces, here's a twice now. She was hanging with another man. But you're swim home now. 4 and 9 cents, she massed and a pair of gloves and back he went. But she was tipping her friends the way to, and giving more than 15 percent. Where's used to it and take it? Start a slot and end acting, don't you know? Was that the airport before they fell? She made a shutdown in old Chicago. It's checked in at the Alba Hotel, but the L.E.D.A. When she flagged on jail, bubble legal prostitutes. With a knife, that's the prison your penalty. If that witch on fiction, that's what you get when you pack the wife. I don't hear it everywhere. And again, a wet bronchole, pressing something to his gore. Wishing he was dead. But it was a cell phone, no matter pistol. To a side by sum of a key pity said. Well, finally it got a knock. Now it's up to the jury, but he was jury. Been jail for life. I'm not a people that I say. You can't feel bad for Roger. They've located in OK. You're the heck why. Yeah. Talk to my bitch. Hmm. I can't find me, no, Jesus, black. Yeah, it's time to have somebody do it amazing things. You know, Rickles always did all these things. Anyway, this was on the best of the company for the guy to call before. If you can get a hold of that, maybe you've sent a one. It's got it. Best of the company for what that is on. Do we think we have any of those? No, nevertheless. But by the way, speaking of the set of one, no, for you will be at the specs and core of the tables. Do we have that address yet, by the way, on Dixie Highway? Someone called and said, does your ass out? It's me 1570 South Dixie. Doesn't sound right? That doesn't sound right. It's right there by the Gables by UM on the South Dixie across from a UM. But anyway, we'll be there a week from Saturday, November 13, noon to two with all of our best of stuff and those key chain, all the good stuff on and the atteacher etc. Here's a mobile in for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's happening in Scott's office? It's two last night. What happened? I thought I was going to meet it. It's seven. I was there. Talk to John. Yeah. I was at the tracks, Scott. I didn't know that you were said you'd be there. Yeah. I want to get my thing. I want to get my thing fixed. Yeah. I'm going to come here. You're going to be there tonight or what? Hello? Do you talk to George about this earlier, Scott? Yes. But we didn't set a comment. I just want to make sure you're going to be there, man. That's all? No. So I can do the work. No, I won't be there. You won't. No. What time are you going to show up? Same time as last night. No, I'm going to be there. You're going to be there. It's seven now. All right. Well, hey, man. I mean, the reason I want to do this to me is because I like to show and all that. And I didn't want to go down the center one thing and all that. Because I don't subscribe to this charity stuff. But you don't subscribe to the charity stuff or any other thing. No, I don't. Because I have the money. Don't go where it belongs. You know how it is. No, that's not what happens with the money with center one. That isn't true at all. That's why I'm involved with it. No. I don't know. I beg you different on that. You beg that. You don't know where the money goes. How do you know? I don't exactly know, but half the charities and half the things that are supposed to go. But I'm not here. That's why I'm not involved with those scum. All right. Well, I mean, you seem like a straight up guy. So I'll have to take your work for it. Yeah. Well, listen. Have a great life Scott. So we'll find some other plummeter wants to come and not play games. Okay. And what is that all about? And let me say it again. Thanks for a few. Why do you know, you find over the years I've found every time I've needed something without exception. I've always found somebody really great who's come by and done it. And sometimes they don't even charge. And it's one of the benefits of doing a radio show. But then sometimes there are people like this who's either looking for a date or whatever He's looking for. Not interested Scott. Thank you. I'll find somebody else. That is the correct address by the way to the cables thing. Whatever. It was just the. You don't think of any time. I'll take it. What was the name of the guys? Did I want to give them another plug? The garage door people. I don't know. You had to say. I have. I'll find the thing. And they sent one of the regular people there and he didn't want to have a date and he didn't want to meet me. And he was in OK guy and he did the thing and he greased it all up and the door to and you know, I gave him a check. And it was great. For all door, whatever. Well, I'll come up with the right name. I mean, that was just. I'm glad that he did call. It wasn't enough that you spoke to him off the year about this. But now he's calling me on the year. See, I can't this week by anybody who wants to talk. Who wants to play the game here this week. They want to play other games. But they don't want to play the game. We talk about these things that I'm talking about. No matter what it is, we've all of a sudden just made a big a big turn. A you turn here at this big curve and a road on this show. I went to the race track last night. Did I have to be there for this guy to fix a water pipe in the yard? Did I have to be there? No. No. And he didn't. He would go out onto the set of one thing to meet me. But he doesn't subscribe to those charity things. Because the money doesn't go where it's supposed to be. Does that have anything to do with fixing my pipe out there in the yard? No. No. Not in the least. It has absolutely positively nothing to do with the price of anything. Wow. Man. I'll pass. I have a rate life. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Gainesville. Hey, now. Yes sir. I guess I had a lift in the side. I didn't know what you've been talking about. I don't know what was up with that guy. He seemed like he needed some attention. Yeah. He's looking for attention. Not to a do a job. I'm just looking for somebody who wants to do a job. Yeah. He's looking to a job. But not the kind of job you're looking for. Exactly. I don't know if you've seen this if you talked about it. You've seen who was elected as people magazine sexiest. Yeah. He did see that. We talked about it. We saw it in its terminal. It's just a embarrassingly in there. No. I cannot believe it. Don't they know that in a couple of years, whenever the next election is he's not going to be a politician? Well, maybe that's why they're picking him now. While he's still in there. That could be it. I was up last night. I went to the front and the website. The first thing I saw. Miami Day County sexiest politician in America. There's people magazine. Yeah. I couldn't even hold my head. Well, I guess that's the Forbes complex. You really haven't made. Oh, yeah. All of you need to keep for his money. And then he may be he could. No, I wouldn't be surprised if he's got it somewhere. You know, so we have to thank you. So why doesn't he subsidize stadiums or what is he subsidized? The metro rail that goes nowhere. Okay. I'll have a great day. 560, 050, 50, 050 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, Neil on the Florida line. 785, 6345. Wow. Here's a lady mobile and Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. You know, with all this crap going on, the shootings and these plane crashes and all this tragedy, I don't think that it's that nobody cares. I think that's that we can only care about certain things. I mean, how we still care about everything. And you know, you don't care about it. Are we supposed to care about everything? How about people like you're about anything? Okay. That's what this show is. And whatever people care about, I'd be interested in hearing unless it's something that nobody else cares about. Well, you know, if you don't care about it, if you don't say that you're all set about painstores and all the sudden you don't care. I mean, you know, I'm going to care about certain things. Who said that? I don't care about painstores and at least who said that? Well, I'm not sure if you don't say that if you don't say, I want to try to do that. You know, then you don't care. But it's not that you don't care. It's that you don't care about the, you know, certain things. You can't, you know, every day you turn on a TV and it's just, you know, somebody got shot, somebody got shot. How can you not care, even if you don't know the people that we live in a country where people are getting shot, like cockroaches get stepped up, how could anybody with a brain not care about that? Well, if you did care, no, no, let me tell you how could you not care. How could you not care? How could that not be very disturbing to anybody with a brain with any respect for human life? Well, at this point, those people all care. Well, I mean, like you said, you're on the station. You know, you know, you know, well, look at that and turn it off, yeah. Really? I do. You do. So, how did you know care about the shooting of a while I did it? Are there some people like that murder? I can't. I don't have time. You don't have time. No. You don't have time to care about it. No, definitely not. How much time does that take? To care? Yeah. It takes a lot. I mean, you know, you can't see it. How long? A minute and a half. Ten seconds. Two seconds. Five minutes. How long does it take? Oh, the pan. Okay. There's another one for you, honey. As Bruni gets with say. 560, 50560, pound, five 60 on the 18 to see in the valley girl. Yeah, she just too busy. Okay. She's too busy. Girls, you got her own stuff going on. She can't be worried about all this other crap. Here's Boca, hello. Hey, great observation for you. You know, the head does happen in three. Walter Payton came to do a little chamber and our support people dying. And that was somehow of a dinner to pay and still at last when he said. Yeah. Okay. 560, 50560, pound, five 60 on the 18 to see in the valley. Everything's a big joke. Everything's a big guy. Yeah, it's very funny. Very funny. What's somebody's playing crash in it? I mean JFK Junior's case. Here's a pepper pine, so hello. Yes, sir. I'm glad to hear the Stuart think you're straight up guy. Yeah. The reason I'm called is the more than incredible. What do you think of that call? Nothing. I mean, am I wrong and being a little bit put out by that call? Oh, my God. He's must be wonderful. Anyway, the reason I called is the morning show. There's two words. He's not on listen to it. Yes. Joe Rose. Yeah. And it's Joe Rose's commercial. When he starts singing, I automatically listen to it, but then I don't go back. I cannot stay on those commercials he does. Yeah. And it won't be so. I wouldn't even turn. He throws not there. I don't listen to it at all. I don't listen. I don't listen. I don't need three guys on there. It's to me. It's just that I'm on. I would like to see people on somebody. And if it Joe Rose. Well, sounds really the other you do listen to them. Oh, I do listen to like your road failure. And then that's what you overdo that. I would like to. Rick and Susie. Rick and Susie. Rick and Susie. I just feel. Yeah. When he starts singing, that sends me to. I just I go right to the old. He's an edge of room when he starts doing that. It's just a head. I mean, it's. You know, the rest is the world's. He just. I don't know. I wouldn't buy anything. Maybe not. You let the lounge in. I would rather. Okay. All right. The longer got that note down for Joe. Good. Thank you. Right. Okay. There you go. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty five. That's eight, seven, seven out of town. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five Neil. The default Sony sports showdown. Are you up to the challenge. How are they morning today? Only on sports radio five, sixty, two, eight. Yeah. Maybe you melt my jockey shorts. Tonight on CBS, the new fall season kicks off. The new show from the creators of two guys who girls in a van comes. What's that smell? The hilarious misadventures of two janitors working in a retirement home. The author, Conrad, Janet, and it's still getting started in. What's that smell? Tonight on CBS. It's on the thirty-minded five, sixty, double clear. I couldn't be wrong with this. Maybe one of the few, maybe the only place in the world where some bitch, especially on a show where we get almost no female colors. That's fucking bitch. It was a lot of a way to call the wait on hold for a few minutes and not get on the ear. And the two announced to us that she doesn't have time to care about all these people who are getting killed. She does that time to care. I'm not suggesting that she spent hours of her day sitting in morning and praying or whatever it is she's supposed to be doing about it. And Russia, and asking her gums about it. But what a goddamn comment to make. That's fucking bitch. I don't have time to care. Maybe she's got a knock on the door. Maybe her next customer is coming now. I don't know what the deal is. She's busy. What are this? Testing of notches. Come bag. Bitch, we got a hook or a put screw in. Yeah, maybe this is maybe a Tracy turns it out. She can take the fall for the golf tournament. How's that? By the way, I got a plumber by the way. He's going to come and not interested in Dayton. He doesn't want to play any games. He's interested in fixing my pipe and not the one that maybe somebody else had in mind. And above all, garage doors, we think them profusely. And by the way, I hate to break the news you've got. But there's a whole bunch of people that come to appearances that we do. Who don't buy anything? And they say, hey, can you all get a can I have your autograph on those picture cards? And how we say, sure, no problem. No problem at all. Nobody is co-worst into buying anything. Same crap as yesterday. Get a new line, okay, pal. Get a new line. He sounds like one of the products to me, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And obviously you would because you're on assure what does every day morning New and I'd pal. So obviously you would care. Same crap as yesterday. Broken crawl springs. Maybe those two can hook up, okay. And check each other's pipe out. Here's coral vehicles. Hello. Hey, no love you, shell. Yes, sir. I got a great way, John Henry. Can finance the new ballpark. Yes, sir. The team can sell John Henry snake oil. This is a soft food and market. Yeah. What do you think about that as to the other? Not bad. I got an idea. Maybe you can just run a few golf tournaments. Yeah, that's not bad. A couple of charity golf tournaments. Maybe 10 or 20 of them, and that should do it. And invite juice. Invite the juice and invite one of our salespeople here to be in charge of it. Well, they'll love the shell. Love everything you do. Thank you. Have a great day. Okay, 5.6. But 0.5. 60. 5. 60. On the 18. He line here's Boiton Beach. What is somebody need 10 to 15 guns? What's up with that? I'm a, that's the question I'm asking. I mean, can we get some kind of legislation that says one is nothing or two? 11 hand guns, five rifles and two shotguns. But of course this bitch that called before she don't have time to think about that. Well, she doesn't care. She don't have time to think about it. You're just like me. One thing to say, anybody out there who thinks they should own a hand gun or own the hand gun, you're nothing but a pussy ass. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Okay. We're just talking about me, I think. Okay. Thank you. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 7. 7. 5. 7. 6. 5. 6. 9. 8. 5. 7. 7. 7. 9. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. time to sit down like stare at the moon or what what does that mean all she's really trying to say does I don't give a crap that's what you said oh I know all right by the way I got a favorite ask you uncle Neil yes sir yeah um it's good not to do with the show although my brother now we do love your show and of without patronizing we do uh see for lack of better terms see you are see how to I would a lot of the opinions that you have but we just want to take it easy take it easy because we want to see your route for a long time and not because of the show but because you want everything and we we we we mean that and everything okay I'll be real quiet have a great day pal take your uncle Neil thank you so I'll be he's concerned about my health we all like more than that bitch she don't care about me or anybody else you care about and I mean she may not even care about herself lady I want the most disgusting scumbags I have ever spoken to in my life lady and I call you lady very uh that's fucking bit yeah that's more like it she's no lady she's just a slut five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's a mobile in western hello hey yes assistant for that girl call that and sit your roses a terrible singer roses great that first thing in the morning show is great yeah right you're audience so yeah but you're a part of you're a part of it you're a part of it you're a big pussy yeah okay you're part of it you're listening right now my audience sucks but he's part see this is the thing that I find amazing and this week we seem to have really hit the mother load so to speak we have an epidemic of these people the audience sucks I suck the show stuff George sucks everything about us here sucks but you're all a part of it you're all listening right I am even taking the time to call you are even better than that bitch you don't have time to care but these people even have the time to call what is going on by the way with these uh what is this story on six seven is just a uh just a thing okay they're what not filling up okay did well just look a little bizarre okay you never can be sure what is crowd here's a mobile in a portloaderdale hello any idea I'm okay sir I think with the caring business it's almost too much to care about already I mean you care deep down at this stuff is going on but individual cases the media has made us so numb because it happened so much and a lot of it I think has to do with these satellites and internet some guys farts and rush it a wrong way we hear about it before it they could smell it you know and it's just air you know they bombard us with stuff from across the world yeah and then there it goes and you know you kind of was trying to I mean you you you you you hear you hear about it before they could even finish a stink you know it's just too much too fast and uh it's cool it it's you want it there that all sounds like I mean I'm the first one and tell you the media decentralizes the public but it sounds to me like a cop-up I mean the idea that well I'm very busy and there's just so much of it going on and I will go crazy if I care so I'm just oblivious you know I mean I think that's an excuse that's what I care she's making an excuse because she's an insensitive mother scratching bitch that's what her problem is the thing is Neil though you don't have time to hear it's tough enough to you know to pay the bills and work and everything the console and be dragged down by all this stuff I mean deep down you care that it's going on might be having to be dragged down by in other words you know there's a bomb or that some guy keeps care everybody keeps killing each other you know I mean it's not a happy thing and a plane goes down yeah you know I mean you don't all happy things we want to be all happy okay once we bombarded with it yeah yeah yeah you're right we want to be happy good things okay thanks okay what do you say it is let's just be happy okay there you go dad I that that that that's how I let's go let's all be happy happy go lucky let's get that this comes from a smeg 103 0.5 5 6 0.5 60 pound 5 60 I mean and the course buck I've told you 50 trillion times this is the headquarters for man you want to find people that don't give a crap about the b*** fill in the blank this is it that's our theme song I don't care I don't care that's it we don't give a flying crap and you won't make us including you fat so thank you 21 till noon in QAM I just want to eat Alice I know that all of the American girls on the one of them come to you we are 22 thank you very much tonight on easemistries and scandals yo I'm AJ Benzer yeah ever wonder what happened to Pafai I'll tell you what happened to Pafai he said and he died of brain cancer that comes from Maryland spinach and aluminum pie not to mention olive oil with diet nose with genital nut damn in your answer I died of brain cancer by as a baby it's that all f*** it it is it's 145 at 5 60 QM we got Hank and two we got to Hank with the best you know cooking five per cool hotline six to late and in the books to Rachel 10 o'clock tonight it came to gambling show with 10 from a flagver enables by the way it is going to be a flagver equals tonight plus his brains out five six seven in by the way was that Harry I hope I know how about give me a chance to read the book okay Harry before he started jumping all over me please what is this last couple is we got the guy the the make-belief plumber there there once a date and doesn't want to come and doesn't believe in the charity thing and the money isn't going to the right place and we got the guy to wrote the book that I haven't had it yet I don't even have my fingerprints on a yet and he's already called we had the guy with a poem is up there a West Palm who said me my one birthday card here's a lady mobile and Margade hello hello yes man I know this woman that you talked to just and rage me so much I can't even spot the tell you yeah people like her that make me nauseous making nauseous you so self-absorbed yes you don't have time to care you don't have time to care she's the first bro that she had a problem whole life want the whole world of stuff and give us everything she had time to call you but you are no time to care yeah that's a good point you have time to make an in-a-n-a-n stupid embarrassing phone call but she don't have time to care about that much it's a people getting blown away I'm bitch for that's me nauseous and I can't stand people like her that's you can get out of the woman and a man American at the same time right you know he's these people got a blood-yated and to god knows why we're all boogieed and right the powder right you know they want boogieed and she's oblivious she's a bloogie so for a world you know she she's the one that she should have been on the plane well I think that's the one that's the one that's the one that's the one figure how would you feel about how family how they feel those four people right you know every day you go by you hear about these guns and people go I don't have time to watch millions I'm not interested I'm involved in my own life see that that's why they and our eight people that got a hug you're they don't have anything exactly she said they don't have time to yeah they probably have time to do that maybe they could write the letter on the toilet paper you know killed two birds with one stone five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the eighteen t was anybody care about that John Henry proposal one way or the other anybody care about that morning show what I guess would you or no just amazing the week that just is a real fly open for me I'll tell you that here's Boca hello yes sir I can't take it down here in the world man you're absolutely right this Joe Rose kind of morning got to go he's out he's been at these sucks everything sucks this guy up and boyne began me up his up today at this guy I go and twenty guys I'll think about John John my model possess one by one yeah it's unbelievable these people don't give a crap about nothing down here anymore they come down here from CAUTIES of a Season Buff-Buff- vibi represents his four o'clock zerowater fifty foot blank on the different cities you know give a check and no more that he care about from God or okay fell over you're flour five six seven dollars things PVC top five sixty on the eighteen in T line 877-785-Neal on that line 9. That's where this guy was just done. Why 9? Worked for him. 877-875-6345. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I had a, I had a story. I was down in Key West with a friend in mind, down for Pantasy Fest. And this woman had severely cut the bottom of her foot on a piece of glass. I was broken out in the street. And there's bleeding all over the place. And then there's a doctor there and a cop. There's one who walked up to us and says, what happened? We said, you know, she cut her foot on the bottle. She walks up and says, better her than me. I just couldn't believe. That was probably the big city called the Wollego. That was on the same one. Unbelievable. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. Okay. It's the press and week here at QA. Am I told you right around every year of my birthday time? Boy, everything turns to pure instant. I'm proud for a few days. And this is a no exception every year. I don't know what that's all about. I'm not big on it. A astrology crap or anything. But man, every single year for as many years as I could remember. Right around from like the end of October to the first 10 days in November. It's home in my life. Everything you name it. And thanks by the way for making it consistent for me this year. Right away. Disadians. It's phenomenal. This week. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. This is a gun thing. It's just got missed off. It's unbelievable. You know, you you range range and go crazy over the guns. But yet you take the constitutional right away to bear arms. The next thing they're going to take away from us. Are you going to give me this tire? It's optional. I'm going to throw it out to your ass. There's no constitutional right for individuals to bear arms. It's talking about a well-regulated militia. We've been through a million, million times. And the only people you see what I'm saying. This is why I go crazy. The only people who care about this are assholes like this who want to twist the guy damn constitution. He will know the constitution of your shoved it up to the lectern. And then the same old trite cliches from the NRA. Or you take away that right. We haven't got any guy damn right. So, okay, but the fact is rational saying people don't want to live in a slaughter house. Where everybody in their brothers blowing people's crap away. Nobody with a brain wants to live in that kind of environment. So take your constitutional arguments and... Exactly. Stick them up Sally's ass if you like. Okay. God. Boring your terminal, your ponderous. It's like a stuck-frican record, okay. And like I said, I don't know what you're worried about. Because of the rest of the public like that bitch that called their old girl. Ehh! I'm fine to care about this. And like I've asked to say, I'll ask it again. I've only asked it 78 trillion times since I've been here. What did the people in this town be inside the early bird dinner? What do they care about? And he answers? No. Like, order the goddamn hockey games. You only think they care about as the free t-shirts they're slinging up out of the crowd. Yeah, give me, give me, give me, give me. Even the adults are acting like a bunch of three-year-old kid. Smack in little kids out of the way. Elbowing, high-sticking. And you see adults in the penalty box. The next period starts. Corrected like overgrown infants. Cadillac around here at this station. Oh, yes, give me some free crap. Okay, give me some free crap. And the early bird. That's all he care about. Nothing else. This thing in my international. If this scandal and it was a great job by the hero. You know, given credit when credit is due is a great job. And even they're going to respond from a little mayor of Pingu now. If it happened in any other, a million years ago, if it happened in any other major market in the world. Or they had a program like this for days on it. That's all people would have been talking about. What do we have like two calls about that? Maybe? Maybe. They don't have time to think about these things. Especially here they don't have time because we know that they're so busy. They're all the stuff they're used to doing here. Like go see bedmittler in the middle of a goddamn hurricane. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How's everything? Okay sir. Well, no, we don't really have to care. We can all just kind of get together and pray. Yeah, there you go. That was a... Can't hear a turn or twelve of us, but it's got a hundred of us pray. Then you start to hear it. I'm pray. I'm pray to be safe from people like that bitch. That's it. I'm prayin. There's a show called the Daily News of comedian John Stewart. He's friendly toward toward the secular cause. He's a program I'm called. God's stuff. He shows this is in the stage of the saw video. A secular cause. Well, that's my part. What an expression that is. Yes. Anyhow, he has a he calls it God's stuff. And he has situations where actual it's not to a stage is taped. Creatures at the pulpit are pulling out guns. Indemonstrations of shooting down either Santa Claus or any other thing they think is contrary to them. Including the heckers from the crowd. They open up briefcases and get out guns. Yeah. Nice message. And all these people thinking. Well, for it's George W. He said was okay, he's the one that signed at Bill and Texas. If you don't want guns in your church, you have to post the sign otherwise it's okay to bring them in. Do you ever wonder how they went in for the Lord? Here's another one for you, God. You ever wonder how they Bible about and gunbed or one of the same? I didn't grappling with that. Yeah. Can a day was this time beautiful this time of year. I just got back. Good. Good part of the country. Like the other woman said better you than me. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. How's that secular crowd coming? We have an open line somewhere. 560. 560. About 560. The AT and T. I just, I'm just, I don't know where my birthday to Mar. I'm going to sit here and go. But, will it be like that the rest of the show? Hey! I am. Like that. Wait a minute. I got a better idea. Maybe I could do it like a screener here. Yeah. Woo. Do you hear that? Veaaat. What is that all about? Huh? You got the microphone, too close to speaker's eye on. Whoo, sim, wu- Wh-what the fuck? Don't go. That's good. Yeah. That's all this life. Yeah. That's good. That's all this life That's what I'm ready to do after 23 years of being here in the land of the walking dead. I said that 23 years ago is it any different now so is it any different now? What's that was that all about what just happened there you shut the pot off. No, I didn't This seems to play in oh Look at that actually that's it's an active god It went to the audition mode. No I got so carried away there. I'm not gonna stop with my elbows until that's real moving okay So what's the name and at We got a runaway voicewriter back there. It's just it's red and stuff in a year What's that an out-jerk guy at that and by the way Tom me's did do the blank main blifers I do believe he's the one that's round of the pool. I don't think you're referring to the main did you're a throwing do a Oh believe so But have it you ever made a mistake? Yeah, no Maybe come an into the here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I have already a great good show Have a comment number one. Okay. I am a gun owner okay But I hear people are getting shot kill the you know all these like things that happened over there and Hawaii It breaks my heart it really does Yeah, now here's the solution I feel here's the solution. Okay. Wow. I believe everybody listen now this guy's got the answer. Okay. Well I believe all guns should be taken away from citizens. They are not needed by us on the street Okay, and they should be stored at where you're going to use them. I go to I go to ranges So I would have no problem leaving my rifles there in lock-up and when I feel like shooting I can go there take it out shoot and put it away and leave again But the thing is is when you find these criminals and they're carrying guns They should be held to the highest possible punishment and it should be followed through with so that nobody carries gun Yeah, that's that's a really good thing Most of these people are building themselves away before I mean this guy and Hawaii didn't do it most of the other ones are said that it's been a work Well, that's all thing everybody should be taken away guns should be taken away from Okay, everybody should be taken away. Thank you, sir. Let's take everybody away. What do you say? All right. We're taking everybody away. Okay, but I watch out you're not kind of door They're coming to take you away or maybe it's got the plumber wants to fix your pipe 560 50 50 60 pound five 60 on the 18 team. I'm over the kiss people and here what was the government of bed with Balmaki and a road owner there Just say hi. Oh delivery tickets tickets for one Some country, put down cornpone. Oh great. Let's give them away To a move around when I go to I call somebody supposed my bill two ausicorelectes, nice to get sure." To the mammopies per radio play I got through I don't have to push, I'm in control when I move inside the side of the toilet bowl. I never have to scream, it's stopped out of holes, it looks a little like us to zero. I'd wait for the lead, it's way to the light from seeing a green sheet again, until you lie. I don't see all you've heard in calories, but you never ever get a big red ring. That's why the black guy who had you see a dress-eye can have some fun when they took off on full moonup and up or two. Hey, what the hell is going on? Come on, boy, it will come away with you. Okay, I'll get out. Come on, two with five, 60W QA and mother responding about that morning show. No, the commercial show. No, I'll be responding about that. I'll be responding about the shooting, the NRA people are responding. And then we had the other guy that has the answer, he's got a gun, but he says, just take everybody away or something like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Miami and Marquette. Hello. Lady in Marquette. Yes, yes, ma'am. Sorry, I just had to make a comment about that woman that called and she said she didn't care. I think that's not time to care. Well, that's the problem. People just don't care. And doesn't she realize that's where the problem is? I mean, if you care about people, you don't go shooting them. But anyhow, no matter how many shootings happen, they always come up with that same online don't they? They're coming. Oh, yeah, they're saying all the morning. They're just trying to take their gun away. That's right. But we have one force to laws that we got now. We don't need any more laws. And what's going to happen is the rest of our consciousness. It's just also, Pondor has put a tape already. Let's see, when a politician gets shot like Brady, they change their tune. You know, the Brady Amendment or whatever. It's a different story. When it happens for the politicians, they want to try to do something. Maybe, maybe. Just the thought. Okay. Okay. I knew it. Oh, I have to go. Thank you so much. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, four, five on our floor line. Well, that thing is going over like, yeah. So, it's just, the week, it ain't going to make any difference. Just one of those things. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday, buddy. Thanks, Palli. Hey, Neil, I heard you talking about yesterday about need of my iron, the other guy's salary. You think we're with me, get 40 deserves? Of course not, he's making 1.3 million. That's pretty sad when he started with the guy that makes eight, eight and a half. And he's, they got the same goal number six. Yeah. Well, that's all it is, though. The other guy's make 2.3 million. They got one goal between both of them. Yeah. That's great for the team, Neil. Okay, thanks. Thanks for your brilliant comments, sir, for your first vacation observations. There's a guy feeding back to me to material that I put out there yesterday. Nice, glad, there's, sir. It's called the hockey news, you know, it's available like a newsstands and you can even subscribe to it. You might actually learn something about the game. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my email. Good morning to you, sir. Feliz, complain, you're Neil. Sir, it's a happy birthday on the mail. I really want to be report. One of the leader, a talk show host in there said that the Americans had a jail plumber out of office did not know how to vote. And we, meaning the Cuban, you the study campaign to teach the American in English and the heroin in by buying period time, how to vote and to be better in form. Oh, yeah, right. So, you know, you've never, and then I think this had at least what the pictures of the Delano that will do. Yes, that really, really was happening. They've reached never, ever reached before new dimensions and it's to be the, I think we should try to start a come. Yeah, but you know something at least they get a response. I'll say this much for a minute. Maybe it's just, you know, they've got a cup of tea. And they've got a can't the audience and those people. I mean, all they got to do is is pass gas and those people are right. They're on their phone. They're screaming, they're jumping up and down. They're out in the streets. I've been here 400 years. I have to squeeze and scream and I'm trying to, I'm, I'm serious. This week, I could say every four letter word on a year over and over again and still not buy a response for $10,000 a call. This town is astonishing. It's just amazing to me. Well, that's the way it's been said. So they do have a point. They do have a point, okay. At least they go out and they do whether it's for the wrong reasons or not. What you usually is, but at least they do something, you know? Well, they do, for the, anyway, we want to hire a, a kind of campaign here to get time as signatures to propose an amendment to make sure that every person that wants to be elected to political office they can, should have a police record. So then people have the choice to choose, you know, if you like the words, you like not one that hasn't killed anybody or one that's only rob a 20. If they would just start throwing free guayaberas up in here that those poor places, they could have a lot more people to come in. Well, they can, but we want to study this campaign. And also in the same ballads, we want to put an amendment to call the county to change the name to absurd this pan. Okay. Okay. How can you, everybody? I've been there a year. So 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes. Along with the Rogers? Yes, sir. I believe you're still spot. Uh-huh. Okay. Well, thanks for listening to 560 QA. I believe you're show sucks. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. I must do a modest career in, I don't know. You're just here to show just not stock. Uh-huh. All right. Hey, uh, Neil, it's a risk of asking a super question. I trust you saw the witty goal to start the surgery to type of game. I did not see it. I was a little bit already. One kind of glad to said that. Not a hockey guru, but it was a real treat to see some of Chris passing and just a nice shot, cop shell, uh, descended in there. The reason why I say that is, I was suggest you also regarding the goal that it is, is equally difficult to send a, you know, one and a half thing. Well, I'm not sure. Now let me tell you, I think a marble in the ocean. I mean, I'll take an orange and throw it into the North Pole. I mean, you can claim anything. I disagree. I disagree. And our guys want ice gates. They're on ice. They're hitting each other. They're tremendous physical condition. They aren't just wallching and ongoing from one hole to the next. Okay. That's a little card. You know, I agree. No, I agree. No, I'm not a boy. I'm not a half time. Most of the blue and old past time. Can get on underneath. Pardon expression. Yeah. Turn the club upside down and hit a left hand and pull it up. I could hear if they stuck the club in there. Right. I couldn't, couldn't, doesn't impress me. All right. Let me, let me just say this. The compared golfers with hockey players is like, you know, it's a compare. No, I think you can't. I think you can't because there are a percentage of hockey players that, as one of the past times pick up a golf club. So what is that? That's kind of what it's got nothing to do with the fact that hockey. What is it? There are people that play golf. Don't pull a play golf. No, because I I. People that play with the side, there's a golf. What is the point? No, when I'm standing up, when I'm leading up. Know what I'm leading up. Your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, Preach into the wrong guy. You're now. Let me finish. Neil, I'm listening. Sir, okay. Say something. If I would suggest no to you that there's a percentage of hockey players that do that because they find that task. Just a difficult. not more difficult, you know, then sending a shot top shelf to get up there in front of 10 or 15 or 100 of your Peter. Nobody wants to see it that's got a brain or a life. Nobody wants to see it. Watching a hockey game, it's exciting, it's siddilating, it's breathtaking, it's real competitions. No hockey day, I walk around and then stand there and hit the ball and then walk around again and go hit the ball again. Sure, have a good time. Boring! You lose. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. The best of the year, 99 CB is fat. And the illegal is crisp, it's perfect. Hey! Get them now, expect to be the proud, fun, west-pom and voice that's in four tires. Oh, yeah, that's the view of benefits, boys, as you want, from 560 to 8 out. I've got two sets of legs. What's the matter with lesbian, off of Sanctuary, they love him, you malls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs, bathrooms, those. The girlfriend's also a catty, she's the fan of the book, she's called Daddy. But, I, that's five to me, talk of all right, it's still the day to talk to me. Oh, right. My favorite hole that doesn't have any numbers, a green hole or a fairway. The sweat because I'm a snapper, a play golf and a game. You climb the hard things to a path that you can call busy, only time to tell God. I'm gay, let's play Elk, you can play silly golf to me. And ride this great chip, sit on my face, and let it go to me. Okay, 15 at 560, I'm gonna queue up that's our topic today, is bull bike. Oh, that's your favorite. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a call in the four mires, hello. You're Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, for some color. All right. Just letting know a couple things about that. Factor, see if you just stay about QEM, about 77. Yeah. So set out by someone who used to work for QEM for WWCN, but no longer a gene robber. Who is acting on a little bit of sour grapes. Some of his comments are bashed up the worrying guy. Joe Scott. Yeah. And apparently, it's apparently. Waiting the facts that had the number, the billion numbers on them for beesley. Well, yeah, that one's right. Yeah, it's land Joe a little bit. And I'm saying, I know it's sour grapes because, back that, that's ever since Joe got on there. There are now number two in the markets in the, in the MN 2554. So they're actually starting to kick as much, as much, we over here on the ratings as you are Miami in the same demographics. But if you really want to look on a nice little set up. And talk to the couple about this next time. See him. Yeah, the brand is fresh. Oh, I'm sorry, you don't see him? No, they haven't the GA all day. He's only here a little bit about the show. Okay, well, if they're through some acquaintance, you get talk to them. Talk to the couple about the Brad Collins. Because on yesterday's show, he did a major search out about him. Major. I mean, I don't know who that is. Brad Collins, he's the afternoon, of course, I've cut into half of the hammer show down here. Yeah. And I don't know what you're saying. I mean, I need to see, we don't hear any of that. Okay, so it's like all Greek to us. So we don't know what the CDC wants. Yeah. See what happened was during the, during the second half of was normally hammer show. Yeah. Brad Collins comes on for what's called, what's talked over here. Yeah. Apparently there was an air view with the captain yesterday because he's going to be at the ground track tonight. Right. And during the air view is a major such a major suck up. What does that mean? I don't understand. What does it mean? Oh, I mean, what was the such a significant event. Why don't we know what what what thing is? Why are you telling me this sir? Oh, oh, oh, why do we care? You were wondering what was exactly going on over here at the 1770. No, I was not the fact that was sent to me yesterday. He ended up with the billing with all the money that the cheap bastard, these are making that we can't even get phones in here that work right? That we have to beg for every little bonus that you're listening here. That we can't get people's bonuses paid before two, three, four months roll. By the people's are threatening to sue them. And that was the crux of it is the rest of the stuff was window dressing. Oh, and have a great day. I am sorry, you know something. So sorry. I am so sorry that that line was put in the way that it was. You have no idea. See, originally was supposed to be like reaching out to tentacles and testicles into the real world out there, you know, for people who listen on the audio net and the internet all around other places, who might actually have something to say. We don't care about the radio in Orlando in Fort Myers. Although the respect to our listeners over there, you know, we're not on the air over there. So we can talk about Fort Myers radio. If you're part in my, we're friends. We also just like that woman said before, she don't care. We don't care about the radio in Tampa, about fat, about less about his eyelid. We don't, I don't care. Just keep singing at folks. That's our theme song about all of these things. We don't care about real radio, unreal radio, Brad Collins, Fort Collins, the Joe Collins. I have no idea who that is. These, these people ought to be working here. It's back to that kindergarten level. Get the little pale in the sand box out again. Any K was out, Brad. And he sucked his ass and more. He did a suck up job. And this one in the morning. He did this in the end of 2.5. Oh, my God. I just want peace. I just want peace. I just want to sit here in silence to a little, I'll explain. 5, 6 minutes. Yeah, let's just sit here in silence. So like golf notes, you know. Yeah. Here comes the tiger. Tiger's wearing knickers today. By the way, does Tiger have any, romantic contrast that we know of? No. No. That's Tycoon. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, Neil on the deadly Florida line, which basically is like an internet scene yet. I'm surprised Mr. Radio hasn't called on there yet. That'll be next. 785, 63, 45. That'll be next. You'll see. Here's Miami. Hello there, near I. Yes, sir. Okay. First of all, happy birthday. Thanks. Number two, I would like to, did you comment on Mayor Pimello being voted? Let's go to Sion, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I thought Tiger was the funeral. He's only black right there with the white chick. Uh-huh. So, hey, let me just go on around. Yeah, what are you going to do? That last idiot, that the one, but the other one, talking about listening to Radio. We can't even hear 560 here. How are we going to hear 770 over here? All right, exactly. This is the Avaclou. That's right, we can't even hear this station inside. I'm sitting here. They handed me these, these hour by hour ratings from the last three rating books. The numbers are astronomical. And that's on a radio station that people can't even hear inside of a building. It's amazing. Right, right. Imagine if somebody could hear this station. We'd have triple digits. We'd have, we'd have some, uh, hey, do you know who, um, you haven't heard Bishop Edward had? No. Who could have had? Yeah, he was a bishop of Buffalo. That's when I knew the kid. He was a head bishop. He was a real name, Bishop Edward had. So, anyway, let me play play. You want quicksaw? Two seconds of a thought. Okay, that was pretty good. There's a quick two seconds for me. Worked for all of us. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's pop it, oh, hello. Pop it, oh. Neil. Yes, sir. I'd opt a news wire. Miami Heat Fire Rodney Butcher. Rested for two grams of marijuana Toronto Airport today. Really? Good job, pardon. Yeah. Okay, whatever you say. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Let's get the marriage. You'll be any police after that, man. Let's get them on right on. Yeah, pardon. And then we'll divvy it up. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm back on the mainland now. Yes, sir. Oh, let's, you know, a guy named Mike Johnson. Those are showing Omaha on the Brasska. No, I know Mike Johnson is a court to go for the least lies, man. Yeah. Hey, listen, uh, a couple things. A buddy mom was told me, and I have never been there and used to talk about it at any time Toronto. Yeah. That even the police don't carry weapons. And they don't have a problem. How can every other business? No, it is not true. Of course not true guns. Excuse me. That is absolutely untrue. Police carry guns. Okay. I was misinformed. You're very well. Okay. But other countries have gun laws where you don't, you know, have a gun. They can't. The public there can't carry the Canadian gun law and they're very, very strict. Okay. But they seem to go on. And since they had the shootings there in Scotland, there are a couple years ago, it almost kids getting shot up by that crazy person. Uh, you can't carry guns. Gun possession is outlawed in all the United Kingdom and it works very well, by the way. I know they seem to get along very fine in their own country. Yeah. And that's going to be a good one. You go to most European countries other than the police. You don't see anybody. I mean anybody other than the police and the military with guns of any kind. Yeah. Back in the 40s, my father served the World War II because, uh, that's what he had to do at the time. And he did his thing came out and, uh, never owned a weapon out of that. Uh, and it's just, I don't get it. No, these people just don't care. That's why it's just slaughterhouse. They don't know that. They don't. That woman was, yeah. She was the epitome of what America's all about. We're indifferent. We don't care. We don't mind living in a slaughterhouse. Just don't shoot me and I don't give her crap. Right. Two other comments of the bitch, uh, about caring. I mean, how long to take to make a thought or decision? Right. We're going to be like, like, I'm asking her to set aside a certain amount of time every day. We should put it in a minute. We shouldn't sit in the corner and start emoting about it or something like that. It doesn't have, it's not like they wanted to go to like the thing that they did with J of K and go stand in line and have a certain service. Right. But just sit and ponder. He's not hasting space that a useful human being could be taken up. She's wasting oxygen. Okay. And I'm wasting your time. So like a one more thing. Yeah. Yesterday when you got up there, um, you know, handcats, uh, don't shoot on. Yeah. Did you listen to any of that? Yeah. You didn't pay much attention. I heard somebody did. Did you hear a handcats? Because so what do you think of the dog is just shared? Because I think they have a shot. Did he say that? Yeah. You got to find square. I swear. I thought I was not supposed to. I was like, I was thinking you were in the car. Just COVID-19. I didn't hear that because it's a. Yeah. I know I do believe they have a shot. I got to love it. Got to find that too. Okay. Thanks, pal. 6. 6. 7. 5. 6. How 5. 8. 8. 8. 8. Yes, sir. Here's a mobile or less, Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Are you there? Okay, sir. Excuse my voice and come up to the north and slow. Yeah. How come it is every time you're we get one dose of these and whether we're going to have two doses of the crap they come from the north with one question. Do you really think golf's not a sport? Yes. Well, it has balls. What is it? Yeah. Or have something with balls? No. So, so I have balls. And I'm going to sport. That's not the carry's I've heard. There we go. Okay. Thanks for your brilliant culture. These people today this week, though. They're beautiful. 5. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 6. On the AT&T line, we got 400 open lines here. Don't you? I thought I'd pay that much attention to the old clock on a wall as days to say 100 years ago. What aren't any woo games we're used to be on WMX and Boston back in the days when radio was worth owning? Hey, Captain, we know this go. Oh, I'm turning it in. On the last game in. We've got only on sports radio 5. 6. 2. A. B. Where are the exploding balls? We'd like to show you. Who can defense the bombiner from Pua with its gay bar tested technology? General Ben is an effective, very clear starometer. Never again, you need a one stick at the bombiner in your mouth. Or a D.R. because the general Ben is so... ...uncue you. There's never been anything like it. It's fast, accurate. It's a bear when you want it. My temperature still hasn't gone down. A new gentle Ben thermometer from U.A. With special patents, don't ask, don't tell insertion's had. Maybe your husband was like one. Properly wanted 560, but it's got balls baby. 1231 at 560 WQA and often it's got balls too. Is that a sport? No, I don't think so. Here's a call from Stuart. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, if I'm ever a dog, no, so the cancer and given about a month to live, I'm going to subscribe to the golf channel. I don't know if you. Because I want that month to seem like 15 years. Right, there you go, excellent. It's the slowest game. If you're watching your fingernails grow. That's not a good one. This guy is trying to compare hockey game with golf. Anyway, what does he compare baseball, which is relatively slow, is professional sports going, you know? Or something like that. He's comparing a hockey with golf? No comparison. Maniac. And the other thing that bugs me about golf on TV, there's no way into it. And football, I got a Super Bowl and baseball. You got the World Series and golf, it just goes on and on and on. There's no way. You got the masters. You got the British, what did they're open to this? I mean, just it's just the same old-tired crack. Well, why anybody would watch that? Those are the people that watch other people play golf. Have got to be the most lifeless, tragic individuals who were ever born. Whoever set foot on a face of the truth. Well, or in the right? Even the end of the falls would be embarrassed. And Florida's the golf couple, the world. There you go, I rest my case. All right, have a great day. There you go. There you go. We had to go all the way to store. You got to be a real call. I got to tell you an exactly like it is, right? You only got three days to live, boys. Did they watch the golf channel? I feel like 100 years. You'll feel like Methuselone a pretty good day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And by the way, no more golf tournaments, too. See, that's another thing yesterday. We shouldn't have had 8 million calls about that. About charity scams. I'm at the track last night, my friend Derek says, Yeah, I can't believe you don't, uh, you're not on the bat. He said, that's been going on for years. Charity fundraiser is one of the biggest scams, one of the most unregulated scams. Because the government, I guess, doesn't give a crap. It's like, I mean, if they don't care about all these religious fakers, suck it up for money on television, why should they care about all these charity scams? How many millions by the way do you think Jerry Lewis has made over the years? With his Jerry's kids thing? What is big telephone? Do you think he's doing it for nothing? No, no. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, hello. Anyhow, are you doing? I'm doing okay. A couple of things, first of all. In cartoon, the issue of gun control. You know, everybody gets all fired, don't know, fun and tender. Oh, they don't. Uh, I want to get fired up by the gun nuts. They're probably fired up. They're right to be killed. The gun nuts don't want the government coming and taking their guns. Okay, so here's a solution. You ready? Yeah. All we do is we say guns from this day forward are illegal. Now, we're not going to come knock it on your door and take them away from you. But if anything happens, and we happen to find you in possession of a gun, you're going to jail. Yeah. So if you're stopped in traffic, and an officer finds a gun in your car. Back back, I got a lot of idea. What we can do is we can build these gigantic prisons for the gun nuts. And we're going to let them take their guns to jail with them. And then they can blow each other's crap away inside the big house. They don't have to worry about feeding them and clothing them and fixing their teeth and things. You know, good idea. Okay, my idea is you know how they grand father things against, right? Yeah. Well, what we would do is we would grand father the guns out. We're not going to come take them away from you. But if you're caught in possession of a handgun for any purpose, we'll take it away and we'll blow your brains out. Exactly. Good idea. And then we don't have to go knocking on people's doors and having another wake of situation and get them all that kind of crap out. I'm going out there. There's a break and see if just who Wayne has got to go. Because if he has, I'm taking it away and I'm going to go. So this way, we don't, the government doesn't, you know, big brother government isn't going to come take the, the evil government isn't going to come take your guns away. He's your gun. Yeah. This is long, but you don't think we're carrying it. God bless you sir. I'll pray for you. I love it. One more. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. It's a nation based on guns. We had the fourth of July. We have a lot of crazy drunk people run outside. One of them they do. This is off guns up in the air. That's right. If we can't get your eye or your arm or your elbow with a few stray firecrackers, we'll get them with those guns up in the air to celebrate. We just want to celebrate. Let's play that, okay. And then they'll confuse us with the smigma 103.5. And we'll have a 45-year. Here's a mobile in Belgrade. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. What people watch the writer cup and the Stanley cup? Yeah, more people even. We'll keep the vanilla ice cream and then Ben and Jerry's too, okay. Fish food and it still sucks, okay. Another golfing New Yorker, you're boring, okay. Take that voice and get back on a subway with Bernie Gett. He's got another one for you sir. More people watch it. More people watch bullfighting too, okay. So maybe you're in the bulls, like what I, uh, I'm determined from your call. Check ass. Not interested in what the masses, the masses are asses. Anybody knows that. And if they want to watch somebody else whackin' a guy that they have ball around that's their business, okay. It's terminal is boring, boring. Maybe they're just a lot of boring people out there. That could be it. Because quite frankly, just look at this down. Man, listen to these people that call is ready to station. Boring 90%. 90% of that's being kind. I'm trying to be benevolent because tomorrow's my birthday, okay. Boring. People that think they're very amusing, very interested. Like this guy, that's just called. Mr. New York. Mr. Bronx. We're going to have William Holden driving to the foot of the George Washington Bridge and see what a good job you can do sir. Or maybe I'll take you to that bite. I can Toronto the Blurs Read Viaduct. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. Maybe you never slam on this gun business for what it's worth. How is the professional soldier for 28 years and did three consecutive tours in Vietnam by the time I got out of there? And most of my buddies, we didn't want to see another gun. The guys who talk about guns and what the half guns, they have never taken live. Be your generally whips anyway. They're not even done. So they think they're a man. Right. So anytime you talk to them, you have to read a lookout because they're not men. They have to make up for the fact that they're not. That's absolutely correct. They're a little teeny cowards who have very teeny tiny Chinese life like penises and they want this. This is like their phallic thing between your legs. If they ever saw what happens with a gun, they would be so off-struck, they'd probably faint. They'd probably dump in their pants. It's right. You know, they're just pitiful. There's two steps below pitiful. And I hope I'm not boring. Not sure you're right. I'll just leave it here really admire what you say. Thanks a lot. Alright, see you have a great day and we'll pray for us. Well pray for us against the gun not so okay. The gun squeezers. That's right. It's those macho men. And of course, they've got to have the big, the big ones, the AK47 and the oozy. They've got to have the big shotguns and the rifles and go out there and kill Bambi and it would and it makes them feel like a real man. And then they take their head home and they put it up on a metal piece and they hang their goddamn raccoon coat on it. Yeah, I'm a real man. And then you pull their pants down to their knees. And I even, I'm even, I'm hung like a moose compared to those guys. Okay. They're hung like a goddamn bumblebee. You ever see a bumblebee's, wow. Gotta look real close and it's hard to get them to stop moving around by the way. 21 to 1 at 5, 60 WQAM. A roller stuck, quite did so far. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Wife Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for beer? All the convenience. They chip some frontels wire at. It's all free. You've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. A simple solution, a life complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the dancing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out. If he considered a population control, yes, handguns, they just might make it thanks. Sixty-two hundred five, sixty-w-two of it. So, I'd easy than force their realization in a lot quicker too. I'll tell you that five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a call from Alamurata. Hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. I got the scoop on the Egyptian Air 990. You got the scoop on it? Yeah, why did it went down? The pilot and the co-pilot were in the back doing... Okay, great. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's my amy-hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You got a little, a little mistake going on this spin. I work in the jail. And if you pull or talk to Alamurata, it made... They want you not to have a gun. That's the one thing that really keeps them in check. Yeah. You know, they speak out the... Yeah, they speak out the... Yeah, they speak out the... Yeah, they speak out the... Yeah, they speak out the... You know, how do they know if you have a gun or not? Well, you know, there aren't serial types, serial types that fit. And sometimes they don't know. And that's what you can hear about the entire getting shot. Or when they rob the... The convenience store and, like in California, with the Koreans in it up... Yeah. They're shooting the five robbers. Right. And after about one, two weeks, five years, you. And Switzerland is mandated that that's a gold mail. Or is it called the Royal Members of the Royal... Because the Royal Members of the Military. What does that got to do with it? No, no, it's a militia. They don't remember the military. Well, whatever it is, it doesn't make any difference. And the people there aren't shooting each other. So they don't have all that there is on a mobile and a problem. That's a culture... Let me tell you something, Neil. That's a culture issue because if you go to states like Wyoming, Montana... You know, somewhere anywhere in the Midwest, the crime rate can be lower, although the gun law is a more left. We're gonna think Vermont and New Hampshire are having almost zero gun laws. And they're crime rates. Sure. How many people are the states you're talking about? How many... How many large urban areas are there in New York? You're talking about... You're talking about the Royal Municipal... We're not only municipal, but we're a lot. We have a bigger industrial area. And so the... Sure, there is no big area. How many people are there in Montpellier? How many? I don't know. Oh, okay. Well, come back when you find out. Yeah, they got a big industrial area up there. Vermont, they make Ben and Jerry's there, right? Yeah. Pretty big place for Montenegro. No, New Hampshire. No. Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, yes, Switzerland. Ever been to Switzerland, sir? No, I'm sure you haven't. 16,000 open lines here today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call in Naples, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Hey, I just want to invite all the... Actually days ago, terminal golfers out there, to first of all put on a pair of skates and try to first of all ice skate with any skill whatsoever. Then, once they think they've got that mastered, to take a stick and try and handle a pocket cross the ice with it. Then, once they think they can do that. While they're being graded and punched and the hit and all that. All that's wearing all of the equipment, too, by the way. Definitely. And while they're trying to do that. And plus and that guy was ridiculous. That did just a jackass comparing hockey and golf. What is that? It's absurd. And the thing is, is it's just... I've tried to play before and I can serve myself a pretty athletic person. Yeah. And to skate with the puck, I can handle that. But they need to... they need to lift up your eyes. And that... You better lift up your eyes. It's in the same as difficult as hell. And these people that... I mean, I'll give golf one, though. It's difficult to hit the ball consistently. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? It will be difficult. If you give me a baseball and you ask me to throw it across the street at a target about two feet wide, it will be very difficult to do that, too. It doesn't mean that anybody should want to watch it. It doesn't make it interesting. It doesn't make it exciting. Oh, and there is no action. What makes sports exciting is action. Drama. Tension. The idea that there's any action and golf. There's nothing going on. There's a guy that walks up and he waxed the ball. What kind of club did he use? How many yards did he hit it? And then they all mows you along very slowly. They all mows you along. And the gallery, they mows you along and move on up. And then we find they go to the next shot. They approach. And then we go to the green. And we're waiting to see him put. There's a lot of silence. First of all, any sport where there has to be silence. You know, it's not exciting. I'm falling asleep by these right now. Yeah. Sing with your question. Yes, sir. Tension. Okay. All right. You got it. Yes. He's approaching the club. And I tell you what I read a lot of was like, wasn't the same speed? Was it better? I'm pretty sure was a same speed that he's to put side saddle. You know, like a girl with his knickers on. You know, he would like hit him. I mean, he was a great golfer. I mean, if that's important to you, it's important to me. Oh, but nevertheless, and he's to put like side saddle. And like that was very, oh, look at that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, see, I'd like to like to play in bankfives. This Scottish, we laugh at them. This is their game. This is their sport. This is their invention. Here's a mobile and full-bodied ill-hough. Say, Neil. Yes, sir. Because you're talking about guns and golf. You know, what they should do should invent a golf club does a gun. So, you don't throw the golf clubs when they get frustrated. You should be kidding. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But the first red shirt should be kidding. Uh-huh. I don't okay. Thanks for your material. I thank you. Here's Coral Gable. I'll tell you. Yeah. I'm going to check the mail. Speaking. Oh, hey, Neil. I got two things I want to ask you. There's not even a sport, man. I mean, really. You take away the club and it will be really, really. It will be called walking, you know? Uh-huh. What I want to ask you, I have two things. One thing is I know you follow hockey. But what will be your second sport, did you consider, did you like? like I mean even if you don't really like the wool will be your most second tolerable sport you can watch. It's a toss up football baseball. Yeah, that's pretty good. I'm not that much of either one of many more of the both of the boring. It's quite so watered down. People are pretending to get excited about the NFL. They're just thinking it's a garbage. Yeah, well listen to Eddie and who takes the points. Right, exactly. And I was talking to my backing guy yesterday in my investment guy and we were talking about this place and about my job here I got into a whole thing about that. And he says, well, you're always as I used to listen to that. They said, all the time, you need to be a pretty good sports station. But now when I leave here every day and I go home driving, I listen to the financial stuff on one station, I'll punch you over to your station. He says, all I ever hear is gambling. They're always talking about gambling. I don't even listen to anymore. It's just not interesting. It's terminal man. I mean, I'm not thinking it's gambling. I was at the track last night, but I sure as hell wouldn't be presumptuous enough to come on the ear here today and tell a people what horses I better cashed online. I was like, well, what's going to do it is one. Right, right. That's the radio. Hey, that's the nominal. That's almost as bad as those, what was there was two minute long soccer promotional memory that the guy who's got him had a lie ever. Two hours for a commercial, whatever it was. That was ridiculous. A meal. Should we have reason to be in food about this new American Airlines terminal for Miami or should we in like a, hey, listen, a lot more room for the heroin in the hand grenades. That is true. Can you imagine if we can just tax all that stuff that goes on, we can probably get out of bankruptcy in Dave County. 17 security check points. Yeah, right. On this five point four billion, baby. Thank God there's no graph going on there. I have a great day. The Fox is watching the chicken coop. The mayor says, well, we better have an oversight committee now. We better have some independent people. Everybody that's in that airport. Airbie business that's in everything that's going on in there. This one smear that one and this one smear this one and it was all right there in the Harold and the people in this town they're going. Heeeey. Couldn't give a crap less. So yeah, well, we like to go out of for a lot of nail because this big English, which you do have a good point after that thing I had last week, but nevertheless they'll just sit back and accept anything here because they know they'll care. Like the woman said, I'm glad that she called because maybe I'm wrong. Maybe she's right and I'm wrong. Maybe we're just supposed to be oblivious. Maybe she just goes through life with blinders on, you know, seeing a little here and kind of like Greg Reed, you know, that kind of deal. There's a mobile in South Miami, hello. North Miami, North or South or something like that. Yes, sir. You know, if it's if those free tragedies that happen in the last few days aren't mind numbing enough, yeah, then you get these idiots from the press from the media that come on and ask these most in, I mean, you know, they're asking somebody from the transportation agency, well, you know, what do you think that it blow up there? You know, I mean, take on it. It's a bigger than a production person. Right, six. You know, but if these guys are sucker enough to say something, you know, they're speculating now it's going to be gospel. Now, you know, the news out there. Yes, I think one of the worst things that ever happened to us was the advent of 24 hours news channels and sports channels. This is one of the worst things that ever happened. That's why now after every sporting event, you see, a dozen different silly people sitting behind that table with the press conference with the microphone of our them coaches and players and illiterate jobs all sitting there in front of a microphone and every time there's any kind of a news event because they got all these hours to fill up, they look at and they bleed it and they stick their microphone or find everybody's got them faith. And it's a sickness. And they don't give it down. What they fill it up with is one of the fill it up with something. No matter how stupid no matter how wrong I say it again, you know, the most embarrassing things I ever saw was on Sunday morning, I wake up in Toronto and I turn on the TV. They talked about the plane crash and they got some correspondent and Cairo on the phone with Miles O'Brien and all of a sudden in the background, you hear some guy wailing and crying and the correspondent says, oh well, this gentleman standing over here to my right is just discovered one of his loved ones has perished on the plane. Maybe I could hold the phone out here and you could, and of course, even Miles O'Brien's James double the work I moved on to somebody else, even he was embarrassed by it. But how do you like that? Maybe I can hold the phone out a little closer so you can hear him wailing and they're shaking crying. Could you please cry for us a little louder? The world wants to hear your pain. You know, that's for Katie Kurt today is interviewing, I guess, the police chief out in Seattle. Yeah. She says, you know, it seems like all of these shootings are done by a white middle class men. What do you think of that? I want to think of that. I want to be exposed to think of that. He's got a track. He's looking for somebody who just shot up a bunch of people and he's got to make judgments as to what he thinks of that. Yeah. It's just unbelievable. I guess the guy in Hawaii must have been another one of those white middle class guys too. Get exactly exactly. They all got glasses off. I'll pray for us. I get a five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. We got two three 400 lines for your proesal here. We got the ankle. Birch Show with two. We got Hank with we know what five or a current hotline. It's six the booster. We're late and Kaplan of his show from Flagler at the Naples. I don't understand that. They have a flag or race track in Naples. Is that what that means? I don't understand. I'm not understand. I'm man though they have a race track in Naples a dog track. But anyway, he'll be over there in Naples and go over there in the pickle winter form and maybe he'll chew it. It's four minutes before one in two ways. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hour. The legendary athlete. The extraordinary actor. Now he debuted as a new action series. OJ Cipton stars in Miami, Slide. The judges lose OJ Cipton as the bar's comp game Bruno Molly from the mean streets of Brooklyn, California to the deadly streets of Miami, Florida. Listen to OJ Cipton's ass chicken comp dialogue. So where were you last night and 7pm? Um... Answer me, bitch. Bitch! Bitch, you're scorning! You're crazy, my whole family. Miami Slide starring OJ Cipton as Sergeant Bruno Molly. The hard rough stuff on duty. But the loving dad, uh... Dad? Yes, dear. What happened to mom? You're crazy, dad! You're crazy, dad! You're the bitch! I'm getting your room and go your home or... Miami Slide starring OJ Cipton as Sergeant Bruno Molly. And NBC this Saturday. Long, man. He's loose. 101 at 5.50WM. So Joe Costello just brought in his numbers. Everybody's got numbers now, you know what I'm saying? Joe's doing good on it, right? Why not? It's auto racing. Don't we love that? Well, at least that's kind of a sport. I'm not saying it's like a real sport, but it's kind of. At least there's some, you know, there's some danger there's some excitement. There's, you know, people get killed every night and that's exciting. As opposed to the offered, it's just like barely even moving. They're barely mobile. Okay, there was a great line, I guess, that if you take the clubs away, they call out walking. That was great. Yeah. If you take away their clubs and balls, I'm sorry. So anyway, Joe Costello would at the Motorsports Sunday every Saturday morning, 6 to 7 AM, men 25 to 54. Keep what? Saturday. What did I say? Sunday every, I said Saturday morning, just sounded like Sunday. Number two in the market, being a radio romantia, which of course is big, music, which that don't count. So basically, he's number one. Oh, the 6.0 share and men 25.54. That's pretty damn good for a little punk like him, you know what? Nice going, Joe. There's actually the Q and 10,500. And average quarter hour, he's number one, whatever he's. He's right up there, he's doing it and we're going to put them over the top, because Joe Costello deserves it, working for these great robbers. I'll guarantee you there's a hell of a lot more people in the auto racing than there are in golf for that guy that called about his writer Cup, which has sounded to me from his voice like somebody snipped it and the Cup 2. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. What is with this week? It can't get over fast enough to make me deliriously happy. There is something this week that we're missing out on. There must be a gigantic street party going on somewhere. And we're missing out. Here's a mobile in Danya, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Have you brought things? Thanks. I need your advice on a good bank here and so forth. I have nothing to suggest you, sir. I wish I could. I spent the last 30 minutes waiting in line at the city bank in Danya, waiting in waiting and waiting. They got two thinking people pulling the cash out of the drawers. And I'm telling you about a mile long and the line was. Yeah. Guys stands up in the middle of the place and he says, they need to drop the sea from the name and add an S-H. I think that was right up there. That's what I call it, yeah. Exactly. How you got to find some small bank, the only problem is when you fight a small independent bank. Maybe four months after you sign up with them, they get bought out by somebody. Yeah, yeah. If somebody like that or somebody you don't want to do business with, then you're screwed all over again. It's pretty tough. I wouldn't put it down in that bank. Can I just take it out? Okay. Okay. Right under the mattress, man. Yeah, man. Okay. Right next to the ammunition. 560, pound 560, on the AT&T line. I haven't even read my big hour by our numbers here. Have I? I've saved the best for last. Is I pet myself in a back again? Nice job. Good. Look at that December book. The morning show, the worst team, person 12 plus the entire audience, hour by hour. At six o'clock, they got a 2.0, 7 o'clock at 2.5, 8 o'clock, they got a 2.6, and they're 9 to 10 hour, 8 to 2.1. 10 o'clock, I got a 6 3 here, a 6 6, a 5 1 and a 5 point. Oh, then the Humper has got a 2 4, 2 7 2 4, 2 4, and the lowest 2 hours on the station, 6 to 7 7 8 with a 1.5. 6 to 8 with a 1.5. 6 to 8 p.m. With all the respect to whoever, they've got the most of them back down, they'll put up to 1 6. Wow, 1 5. Then then 25, 50, 4 horses are target demographic in the mornings, they've got a 4.2 and a first hour, 5.15, 0.3, 4.2, not too bad, not to respect that, for a spend, of course, that's a bunch of sports guys, not too great. 10 o'clock, we go from a 4.2 to a 10.3, 12.2, 10.5, 10.1, and then a 2 o'clock from 10.1, 2 a 5.2. Then it was 6.0, and a 4 8 and a 4 8 and then again 6 to 8 o'clock, we're off the year. So those are the members, Joe Costello's got numbers, we got numbers, my bonus check, he always got the employee of the month money that they were given to me, and George has got a grant, a couple new cities. There you go, George got some new cities, not thanks to this place, thanks to our new close friend of what's in there. Barb, Barb, thanks Barb. Anybody want any free cities? What's up with Barb? My good best friend in the world, Tracy, nearly who's the greatest person on the face of the earth? Here's Keylargo, hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm not going to bring anything, I just want to say happy birthday to you. Thank you. And I just also want to say, it's been a new arena for the heat, right? Yeah. But I remember a couple of years ago they had on the news, like the heat came unfold out, but it was for everybody to see the Chicago bulls. So I don't think they need it. Now they don't. And that's about it. So happy birthday. Can I go and do something? No. 560505050, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got, oh, a mobile informe, myers, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, first time caller and long time listener. Yes sir. Free with most of the media, you say, especially them, they've done control. And happy birthday. Thank you. That caller about an hour ago, regarding the call of my installation, he just said, oh, what's that? What's that? Made my skin crawl at call. Oh yeah. You know, the morning guy appeals to a certain element. Yeah, but we don't want to talk about four myers radio because nobody can hear it over here. You see, I have like 10 of you guys, which I appreciate listening in four myers, but I got 50 million people listening over here. And nobody cares about four myers radio. Okay. I just wanted to tell you to avoid that guy at the morning. Okay. Thank you. He's taking off his glasses and he's laying them down on the console. He's putting his right hand to his right eye and rubbing the sand out of the corner of his eye. He's getting himself into just the right mood to watch 10 or 15 holes of golf. Championship golf. Why I used to watch that when I was a kid because T.D. it was nearly days of TV. There was nothing else on it. And I used to sit there and watch championship golf. Were Bertodebacenzo. Remember him? No. Of course, I was a little kid. I didn't know anybody. And there was another one like two or three channels. There was nothing to choose from. Championship golf. Okay. Hold 13. It's a dog leg to the right. Dog leg to the right. How about a kangaroo leg to the right? And we got, we got two big strand traps there on the left. We got two bunkers and we got our T is on the right and E is on the left. Two bunkers on the side of the course. And a big oolake. There's a water hazard. Look out for the water hazard. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes I am. Congratulations. On what? On your birthday, on your numbers. Oh yeah. Love you Neil. And on this dead ass audience. Yeah. Tell me something. Mix them sent out of this for me. We can't spend $15 million to preserve the Miami Circle history and culture. Good. Well, we can, I don't want to spend $15 to preserve it. Okay. But I'm going to tell you right now. When they don't have enough kids, what the, I was in the school which I never had one call about that all day, what the hell I went down here somewhere to school in Dave County, where they don't have any security guards. They got like one part time or now, but all the hundreds of kids go in there because they don't have enough money to pay the security guards. Hey, you're talking about priorities. Huh? You're talking about priorities. I'm talking about sense. I'm talking about saying people okay, school with demand that their kids be safe in school every day. And I worry about preserving some goddamn piece of dirt somewhere. All right. Number one in the Harold is $300 million for stadium for John Henry. HB 11 yesterday was about the Miami Circle. Where are the priorities? Well, what does that mean? $300 million. They're looking for for stadium, but they can't come up with $15 million for the Miami Circle. If we need them, who says they're going to come up with a 300 million? That's not what the story says. The public. That's what I'm saying. That's not what the story says. The story says he's going to give the profits back, which I'm certainly not in favor. What? Exactly. And why would you call them about that? Nobody even cares. I want you to do it in reverse with him pay for the stadium or will we reimburse in the profits. Yeah, they're okay. Can I do you want to think for a cart? Go ahead. John Henry, the Vika Hogan mid-deleic. Okay. Thank you. 560, 560. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah, you are man. The answer by the way is still okay. You're nobody's buying it. Nobody's buying into your grandiose new plan and your promises. And you're going to give us back 90% of the profits after inflation of course. And after a very clever account of getting said to it's so on, creative finance. The answer is still. Oh, how do you like that? Much of bullcraft. This man has done everything but stand on his head to try to find some way to manipulate to squeeze, to embarrass, to anything he can. Even though he's not in it for the profit, you understand? Yeah, I got a news for it. Why don't you just be in it for the profit? Seleeting to somebody else that's going to move into a city where somebody interested in it. Take the money and run, have a great life and leave us alone. How is that sound? Sound good to me. And by the way, take some of that money and get it to the school, but there's a good couple of security guards. What the hell did I do with that thing? I don't know what I'm going to slip. I think somebody's wearing it now. QAM, drop screen flare. Motor sports Saturday. Oh, black. Black. Black. Black. Black. Black. Black. Black. Thanks for calling. Hello, I'm Tommy from PyTommy, saying for the best high food and a best serving. As long as you're not black, command out to Ty Tommy or South Beach. We're in all black people. They don't keep well. Besides, white black people are doing their food anyway. We're not half right chicken on the menu. Oh, wait. I forget. We have a stir ribs. You're saying, Ty, call. But that's where the menu is. It's a button. So, if you're not black, command out to Ty Tommy. Come to think of it. So, damn gay people. We're not like damn either. Shoot at the food. But they talk through loud with funny news. They serve other customers. No comeback. So, no gay, no black. And while we're at it, light people. You'll make reservation for 7-15. So show up at 8-20 and it's for you, table. We give you some of my outs already. Not the people always late. No black, no gay, no Latin and Ty Tommy. And Jewish people. You start figuring all of your who can't who have what. Pay where the I'm going. That's our upside. Take 45 minutes to try and do the bite up still. We ain't know what you hear. No Jew, no black, no fact, no Cuban. And white people. You think you better than everybody else. Come play too much if we don't kiss your eyes. You'll know come back. No white, no black, no Jew, no Latin or so gay. Everybody else, but a best type food. Come on, that's who Ty Tommy. On the feast. Harry, before we have to close. Yeah. 115-5-60WQM. Maybe Jacob would like to come by my house and fix my pipe. That sounds pretty good. All by the way. Thanks, Bob. Come on. Just not grateful. You know, any remaster these old young, hear out great that sound? And as if that wasn't enough way to hear, we're the hell with you. Wait till you hear. Like I said, just when we need a jack lord, that lunatic in a wise shooting everybody up. And we're the hell with you jack. We're the blacky jackie, but we need him. Oh, rock. Oh, rock. Oh, rock. Oh, rock. Thank you. That was one of my favorite shows. That was a great show. You'd like that show. Oh, that's right. I like that. I like that show. I'm sorry. Not that George is a little hard to ask, but some of the best shows that were around streets of San Francisco. That was a great show. Koja, great show. Hawaii, 50. Great show. All the same thing. Although they don't know who are cannon. Great show. Today, always catch their guy. But that's not the point of point is that they were. The, he just bunker ever get cancer. I guess he did. Finally. Yeah. Well, don't you remember somebody said there was a nobody. There's nobody ever gets cancer. You know, he's bunkers house. I think it was Howard Bealots said that wasn't Howard Bealots. That's right. I can't don't know who said that. You know, you think that I'm old and feeble. The old part is right. Oh, so, maybe tomorrow will never come. Maybe that would be nice, you know. Maybe we can just postpone it for a few years. Fifty seven. I mean, I realize it's Florida. Fifty seven is not old at all. But fifty seven in general terms, you know. It's not a very nice number. Not a good number. Fifty seven. Don't like it. Here's Papeno. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I'm going to start with happy birthday because I ain't going to be here tomorrow to call you. Thank you. I'm going to be out of town. Okay. I'm going to be. Where you going? Washington DC. Okay. I was raised there. So I'm back to visit some friends. Anyway, I'm calling my voice to yours. You are not the only one who's opposed to this gun, did you see? Thank you. And I am a former member of the NRA. Good. That's the best kind. Absolutely. At one time, you're a years ago. I'm an old guy in one year behind you. And one time ago, the NRA actually worked in the National Rifle Association. Now it's the National Handgun Association. Right. Everybody going get a gun. When these people came out opposed to 20 round magazines for 9 millimeters, I told them goodbye. Yeah. And the problem is that there are more of us wishing it. There's a lot of people out here that hate the guns. We shut up and went the NRA have their way. Yeah. And that's like that bitch that called her there. I don't know if you were listening to that earlier. They wanted to see it. She doesn't have time to care. Oh, yes. That's beautiful. Yeah. I was in the car. Isn't that lovely? I don't have time. I mean, she's somebody that we need to go over and examine it. See if there's a brain in there. She will care when the gun walks into. Right. That's right. Exactly. Exactly. And that's about anything on that. I'm a material. But I'm on your side. Thanks. Have a good time. All right. By the way, here's one of George's favorites. Yeah, be seated. Even though he is a Scientologist. Oh, he's a Scientologist. Yeah. Oh, my God. Oh, yeah. Is that your fucking candy? Oh, no. He's a Scientologist. I can't punch a f-. That's why we can't stand that. Yeah. You got to help you, Dad. Okay. Let's give it a eyes. That's enough of him. Now, these really sound great. Thanks a lot, Barb. I remember her name. I mean, you know, she still got a long way to go to catch Tracy nearly. After this. Wow. The Bravo All Stars, which I just handled this with such great care. It was only one thing in the world, but I handled with greater love and care than the CD. And you can imagine what that is. Thank you, Tracy. And you, Lee. And thank you, Barb. See we got some nice people to bring us all these great CDs. Which I think I'm going to start playing a lot of music now. But I'm not going to take calls anymore after the day I'll take. No, seriously. That's because this is like, look at this. Here's a mobile and Sarah Soda. Hello. Hey, you know, how you doing man? Pretty good Sarah. I'm going to start costing this company a lot of money these calls. Yeah. Oh, that's you. I'm here man. All right. I like that. I lost her sucks. I remember I remember, I got me and just found to go out and play. Right. There you go. That's right. You know, hang out with your boys and stuff, but to actually, you know, go out with your boys and bat to malls around. That's right. To compare to the NHL or even the NFL man or any real sport. It's a joke. But I'll try to order your CDs and keychain. Right. You guys don't take the Scarborough card. We don't. No, there's no saying for it. It just says match cards. These are American Express. Get a real card. Yeah, get a real card. Can I get a real card? Can I get a real card? I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Tell us. Do it by check. No, no. I got to go to four miles now and get it. There you go. It'll be the greatest thing. Get not a Sarasota is not all bad. I used to work there. Hey, compared your age 57. Then your teenager over here. That's right. Have a great day, pal. Good luck. Yeah, Sarasota. That's, in fact, the whole West Coast, you know, we like to think how old it is over here. And when a joke always used to be the grandparents of the old people here move the same Petersburg. And their grandparents move the Sarasota. And their great grandparents move to Fort Myers. You know what I'm saying? Oh, hey. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. To my embarrassment, I may season ticket holder to the marlins. Oh, you're the one. Yeah, I'm the one. Well, they sent me an invoice for the year 2000 already. So I wrote them a little letter back and stayed at three points. Number one, John Henry says, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. You know, John Henry is a proud drive in man. You do know that, don't you? Well, that may be. That's why I always hammered this, brought enough all over town. Second thing, I'd just said Neil says, no. And the third thing I told him, if I want to watch a little bit baseball, I'll go down to the city park and watch him for free. That's right. And probably you'll hire entertainment. I just said no. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Exactly it. Neil and the celebrate your birthday. I'm going to re-enotemorrow. Alright, have a great time, pal. Thanks Neil. Just remember us. I will. Okay, we get we get half. Ah! That traces he's in God is serious. Are they still playing this by the way? I'm calling him, I'm sick like that. I got a picture. There's a thing that you should remember. And then it's a flying bracelet, I favorite. And then it's someone who's singing. Yeah. Found those samples wrong. I got right. And he just gets one over first. Can't hear them. But what was wrong with him? What was wrong with him? Listen. We're in the park. We're in the park. But we're going to. They're going to. Oh, that's a great record. I'll tell you. You won't hear it anywhere else in the world right here. Do they want to hear it? No. No. Just something. There's an ingredient missing. You know, I see hearing I talk about Amsterdam and Rome and all these other places. They're just something missing. They're missing ingredients here. Missing links. Is like, you know. Like, like here, that's the victim they want to talk about is golf. You know, golf. They talk about golf and Amsterdam. No. I talk about balls over there, but this isn't really not golf. Here's Miramar. Hello. Here. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, I'm from South Africa and that's why back occasionally. And when I get on to the plane, you guys standing at the counter handing in these big, freaking rifles that they go in to those shoot these lions and tigers and these animals. And the funny thing is they're why standing next to them. Look what they've shriveled up. It's unbelievable. Why? Yeah. It's something that, and you look at these guys in the plane and they're there that always just leather and they're, they're snake skinless and snake skinless and they're completely literate. I mean, there's no way they could read a book on anything. Yeah. And it's, all those leather guys, you actually don't know what they're meant to. They're meant to. And when you actually go there and you see these animals and how anybody can kill them, that's, it's unbelievable. And then, and then, closing the, I'll tell you, your quote was, must be something else, talking about all being with you and that way that goes good or bad. All these things are going on in the world. I don't think about that. All you got to do that is because golf is not a sport. I can get them out by a pack. Oh, listen, this is the important stuff you're meant to be in the world and now. I mean, who cares, would you think about gold? People you've enjoyed, watch it if you don't want to. Yeah, if you like it, go, go, suck it up. And then you see the children fighting like. We're true. Oh, and sure. Okay, is that Gazan? They'll see me in children. Well, he's seen me in children. Oh, no. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, and I never got to my kids, got into the Bible today to good stuff. Oh, geez. All right, start to say, shit. That's a gambling thing. It's a gambling state. That's a shit. I said, Jesus. I will say this. Hey, child. I can't, I had like, I was going to say that and then two or three other things that came out cheap, which some people are full of obviously if you heard these calls today. I love that. But by the way, no, this is a great book and I want to thank my close friend from the track. I wish I could think about her name is again. That brought this to me at the Pizza Lock God. This is great. Ken Smith, paperback book on blast books, Ken's Guide to the Bible. The Bible isn't the book, but a collection of books with around 20 letters thrown in as well. Any attempt to read it, cover to cover, usually proves aggravating as many Bible books repeat Well, there's already described and usually not in chronological order. One of the best things that I love in here is where he gives the different versions of what's in the Bible and the fact that they're politically, you can tell a politics who ever wrote it by the way it's presented. The new international, but this is from a Zikil 2320. The new international Bible, there she lusted after her lover, who's genitals were like those of Donkeys and whose emission squirts, squirts like that of horses. The new revised standard Bible, she lusted after her paramores, whose members were like those of Donkeys and whose emission squirts squirts were like that of The King James Bible says she dotes upon their paramores, whose flesh is as in the flesh of Ashes and whose issue was like the issue of horses. And the good news Bible says she was filled with lust for oversextment who had all the lustfulness of Donkeys and statins. Squirts squirt, how do you like that? Oh, right, wow. What do you got to say about that? You call that a penis? Man. So a lot of, I guess there must be a need dog talk chapter in the Bible on the Old Testament. A lot of dog talk in there. 26 after one at five, 60 W to Q a m. Okay, in blow. It's time, I said the ringer's straight about not brain George Bush. Some people say, there no desire to join. If they judge, my husband so watched the point, he has said the cat and his George Bush's find. So I did see he started lying. Well, he's a best damn candidate. I've seen a lot of who got all carry in the constant fat of me. And the inquisitive was it taking my, so he used to flourish. He did lying. I guess I just don't understand what they do in the Bible. He met a letter president, Son of a bitch, who done her thing or another. And then he came. He was on the floor, for instance. He was on the floor. Otherwise, why was he falling down on the bed? I didn't think Jimmy Carter was available. He was so up to the line, still live. He didn't even know the Ross is just for the first day. My wife and wife might have watched you. I said, believe me, all the reason I jumped down the jury truly was because you had the lunches. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. 132 at five, 60 W to Q a m. Five, six, seven. Oh, five, 60 in all over South Florida, five, 60 on the AT&T line. And our brand knew we got a call in four miles. I sure hope it's not about radio. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir. How'd you birthday? Thank you. I got your CD at the speck of four miles. Great. Excellent. Yeah, my family laughed their ass off when they heard body augmentation. There you go. Oh, loved it. I loved it. Listen, got a question. When is the next appearance in Miami? From Saturday. Okay, I'll be right there. We're at sir. Back in Coral Gables. It's what's the address to our 15, 1, 15, 70? South, 60 Highway. It's right across the University of Miami and on the US, 1, and Vixie Highway. Okay, US, 1, and Dixie Highway. Well, the US, 1 is Dixie Highway. Okay, yeah, I thought about that. All right, not to Saturday, but to 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1. All right, November 13, noon to 2. I see. All right. Well, you hang in there, okay? I'm hanging. Is George Fudge Packer? No, I don't think not this week. All right, love you, bye. Okay, see you. Maybe next week. Maybe next week at that swing club. You're thinking might be... No. Don't be telling people when you go to that swing club, by the way. Let me take you again. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, can't you? It'll be there with 6,000 plain closed Dixies on that particular day. So all you need. Here's a mobile and peppered pie, and so on. I want to know you? Yes. Happy birthday to you, darling. Thanks. How you doing, Neil? Okay. A couple of things. That guy had called before from DC. I didn't know he'd better. I'd swear it was my father. He quit the NRA for the same reason. He could make goddamn fanatics. I also, I called you a couple weeks ago. My wife went to Vegas on business. He flew me out there. Stagula's time. I had a great time. We're just staying. Uh, that the new frontier. The new... I can't wait. I know you already told me this, didn't you? No, no. I told you I was going. Oh, that's right. I know so much for a model on the way. I'm still a dump. Where they go, they're picking out in the front. Ah, yeah. What they were in front of Boazio. They were? Yeah, the bartender's union. I guess they were mad because they're using Mexican bartenders or something. Oh, hey. Uh, anybody that goes out there that cannot find the Rosewood girl needs to have their head examined. Wait. How you cannot find that place is. It's right on the street. It's right on the street. It's right up from the street. Yeah. I was a little bit... I think my wife there for a birthday dinner. I am, eventually enjoyed it, eventually. Hello, New Yorker. Oh, I came to see you at a pizza shop a couple of weeks ago and one of them, thank you. It was a role pleasure to meet you. I had a great time. I was a guy to call the rumor, Mr.Rimmer. Oh, God don't do that again. Sorry, sir, if stop. Okay, I have a good time, pal. Thank you, buddy. You're a good birthday now. Okay, everybody goes to Vegas whether they lose their ass, when a minion, whatever it is, they have a great time. We were talking about that, the track last night. By the way, what's the place, what's the, uh, the four seasons in the Mandalay Bay? I don't want to mention that one of our friends at the track last night was on and on. All that's the best of all four seasons in the Mandalay Bay. So just to get even with them, I'm going to keep touting it on here so that they run out of rooms and you can't get in there again. Because they've only got like 260 rooms. Very expensive, I'm sure, but he says the top of the lines by tacky the right across from the MGM, Kitty Corner, and it hasn't sunk yet, by the way. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, the Florida line is 87775 Neil. That's our pool question today, which is really a sport auto racing or golf. See, there are things that are games. Chess, nobody would say Chess is a sport, Chess is a game. Monopoly, it's a game. Shuffleboard, not a sport, it's a game. In fact, I see much similarity between shuffleboard and golf. Pool. Pool, you're talking about the pool, pocket pool, pocket billiards, you're sticking it in the hole, you're sticking your finger in the hole, whatever. Not a, not a sport, it's a game. And they've had all these billiards chain that were in my school and you're on there in all of the billiards chain. I mean, it's a skill or is there a question about that, but it's not a sport, it's a game. Golf, not a sport, it's a game. It's a goddamn game. Can't you get it? No. Oh, no, it was hockey players that hand the fly coordination. Yeah, Graham James said he'd like that. Here's the mobile and Hollywood, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thank you. Neil, I was wondering, did you read the Sun Sentinel today? Yes, I did. I see a great regret. This section in the back, and I know you're a great fundraiser of the Center 1 projects. But did you read the back about the immunoglobulin therapy in the doctor's office and what's going on in that arena? In moderina. In terms of not paying for the for age patients to get there, their treatments anymore. No, I did not read that. Please read that. I don't want to take up a lot of your time, but somebody needs to talk about that because all it's going to happen is every release is going to go back in the hospital and we just suffered a major setback. Now, what was this a state thing? Is it a federal thing? It's a federal thing. Yeah. By refusing this product, it actually is the small infections that will kill eight patients. It is to minimize through this modality of treatment. Right. And it don't want to pay for it anymore. There you go. Sign America mail. I'll take a look at it. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks for the bad news. We got 4800opin lines and we got another 122 minutes to go until Hank comes along in two. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Count five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. A day before his fifty-seventh birthday a grown man with a big fat check in his pocket. Sits in his share somewhere in Northside County Florida. Vigging for people to talk to him. About anything in the world, anything at all, anything on their mind for twenty-three and a half years this man has vagantly fought the good fight, has sat in that same share with his big fat pimple old juey faggy ass. He's seen in plating and pushing and squeezing, doing his damnedest to try to entertain to amuse, to titulate, to anger, to do anything, to inject just a little teeny tiny bit of life and would otherwise completely dead place. And that man tomorrow fifty-seven years he'll have lived on a face of the surface and he's still sitting there. Vigging and pleading and squeezing and cajuling, praying and hoping that somebody might respond. Like a voice in the wilderness. Hello! And he hears, boy, often the distance. Yeah. Yeah, that's what he hears. That's where it is. That's where it is. Yeah. It's getting better. It's getting closer. It's here. Must be adjacent. Twenty-one before boy that kid, he really can. That kid cut out. Now I'll be honest with you. I can cut him with the best of him before he cuts him and it scatters the net. And that's just the building. That's just the room, the neighborhood. There a light. Oh. It's alive. That's one of my favorites. We got to get there. I've got to get there. We got to get there. It's alive. Which believe me, if you find anything alive down here, you want to grab it. That was funny. Oh, y CTE. A wrack. Don't you love Bill Bradley? Don't we need Bill Bradley? It's awesome 60-4, thija va.jang project font. Yeah. Don't you love Bill Bradley? Yeah, we need him Bradley. He's gonna win the man. People love him cause he is a now-to-door Hey, I think I think Did I mention that he is a now-to-door Yeah, he played for the mix I was just embarassing Yeah, we love him cause he is a now-to-door Not alcohol, not alcohol Roy, not alcohol, yeah, he's not alcohol I play it one time, boy We love Bill of Rock Mostly called he's a boring, palper, gore Well, don't you drop Bill of Rock, man Don't you love Bill of Rock I'm hoping that my memory is failing in my advanced days I'm hoping that the day that we had the discussion about the beach boys and Marvin Gaye That you didn't tell me that the beach boys were better than the doors No, I didn't say that Oh, I'm just told, I'm sure that you wouldn't I mean nobody of Well, I mean, I realized that we went through several different groups and you wouldn't say And I love the beach boys, but they certainly weren't better than Marvin Gaye But the idea that I mean the doors were just unbelievable Fantastic and speaking of the doors in the Christmas memory when Jim Morrison was here in Miami Long before I came here, but that's a legendary story Don't you think that because the only way to separate between alcohol and Bill Bradley Would be to have them get up their own stage for the next debate and have them unzip their flies No, it's just like that's the only possible difference there could be between the two of them Because they're both tall, they're both wooden And I think that whichever one is got the biggest penis should be the candidate Because one thing we don't want is a president with a very small penis So that's basically it And I promise you I won't look Here is Boker, hello Hello Yes sir I want to talk about this gun issue The gun issue, yes Yeah I don't understand why you want to ban all guns What's up with that What's up with what You know, the only people you've got heard of the good people To me like the ones that got shot and why that two days ago And the ones that got murdered I think about the people they get the guns and do things like that They don't put on the door How come you get them off? How come you can't get them off? How come you can't get them off? How come you can't get it? How come you can't get it right across the border where most people can't get guns at all All these people are getting shot left and right How's that sir? Sir? Yeah I'm waiting for the answer Well, that's the whole different country You can't get it Did you get a great right across the border? Have you ever been to Canada? No Well, I'll never let you ration You never make it to customs Wow See, the ignorant people The people who've never been anywhere They've never experienced like what it's like to walk around in a place Where you don't have to worry about anybody's going to shoot you They're not going to have like a And then they had to get them worse there They had a shootout in a clothing store Kiny Corner from the hotel I stay at downtown Toronto a couple of weeks ago And in fact, it was the day before I got there With the weekend that we had this storm And I took the extra day off and got punished me I give me the flu Or whatever that was from that bad weaning Whatever that I got Well, it was that weekend that day before I got there They had a shootout There were shots fired into the store and shots fired out But nevertheless, it's November already They've had 39 murders in Toronto It was City of five million people all year so far So I probably might have to get what about 45 or 50 Maybe And then Detroit A city of probably about similar in size Actually even smaller They've had about 400 Must be just a coincidence, huh? If you make it difficult for people to get guns Not as many people are going to get shot Water revolutionary, goddamn concept And this little pudwacker sitting there I know what that's a whole different country Yeah, that's a whole different country We got to take him to Niagara Falls and put his ass in a barrel Let him experience it up close and personal Here's Miami, hello Yes sir Are you doing fair? Great Listen, I've been a fan of yours Probably a month now I've been listening to you And I really think your show is great No, I won't ask you one question and two of favor The favor is after I hang up when you go to on break If you could play the back street boys' parody When you get back Which one? The one where they say I swear we're not Okay, we got it Okay, and the other is we're talking about sports What's your opinion on tennis? I'm an avid fan and I run the tennis center over here Ten of you tennis is a sport Okay, don't you think? Yep, well, yeah, I do personally I work out it every day and it's really tough I mean, first of all in tennis You've got two people batting it back in fourth at the same time Kind of like sex, you know, they're like batting it back Where is it golf? I mean one guy with steps up there Golf is just a game Right? I do too Yeah, I think so Because that's one on one to least four where I'll do the only thing I don't like about tennis So it's the one thing it hasn't come with golf It's the only other so-called sport Where the crowd has to be hushed You know where everybody has to be real quiet I don't tell me I mean unless there's a lot of crowd No, it must be boring, you know? Yeah, it's a thing I like I mean I've been playing it for years So of course I like it I just wanted to get your input Well, I can say his mark fill up pushes God And I have a great day, pal Oh, I take care of it See I know my Greeks, I mean he's Australian actually Is he Australian or is he Greek? He's a Greek guy from Australia Oh, there you go He's okay He never stole a free train at Mark Fillupusi Where we going? A mobile in the Hollywood, hello Hello Oh, Neil Yes sir Yeah, I just want to give a shout out for some of my friend herbs I never lived at this much of yours I don't herb Kind of got me onto the list of your show a little bit Just want to make comment I heard you're singing about the Tommy Titeing Yeah And just he's going to get suit You might be getting suit also for taking down his business Kind of a present So that's time the Tommy Tite song you did before The name of it, this is a different...