Yeah. Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. Right. Talk to Neil, call 567-0560 toll free for David Brower or pound 560 on yourself. There are the opinions of Neil, his guest's callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W2AM Beesley-REV acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QAAM. Gordon gives out Florida a major blowjob. You're the so huge. I'm the farer telly, and I'm dead. Not some kind of doctor, dammit. But if you don't want to be dead, then you don't smoke wax. With the proper director, sir, you'll never die. And that's where I come in, dammit. With my new chain of director's ass facility. That's all. That he's dead, Jim. Oh, by the way. Tells you, Matt, there's lives, his banks or the dive in this. Now, reminds me one other thing. However, he's dead, Jim. We feature an Olympic pass, who, in the sheathed dead, Jim. And that's where he provided a firm hand on your head to test your underwater breath and skills. If you don't want to wind up looking like Neymar, wait, that point to hear you being yourself right in. Do the, he's dead, Jim. One, two, one. One, two, one. One, two, one. I'm a Julio Iglesias. This is what I bring back, what I said. You need to ask now. I'll gladly tell you the amount. Because I want maybe a lot. So I'm going to do it with one maybe a lot. Not your keybeda. My name is one and a a. One maybe a lot. Don't do it with one maybe a lot. Isn't that amazing how you can go from liking somebody a whole lot to a despise in them like poison? Anyway, it's 10 out to 5 60 WCM. He used to be our buddy. He was our pal and they old IOD news department. I was stationed where we had a news department. And then he went to work at Channel 7, which was next to our course in those days to IOD. And he worked there for about five minutes. And when we started here, memory came down on the second floor a couple of times I think to say hello. He's our good pal. And then all of a sudden he was the pimped for mayor Pinga. And all of a sudden we didn't like him so much. And then after I saw him on there last night, you know, he's like the parrot on the shoulder. If you notice that, you know how like people that have a look, a little pet monkey they walk around in the monkey stays under the shoulder. That's what he's like to the mayor. 30 seconds 30 seconds. The mayor is a standing by mayor's going to take a dump right now. Okay, here we go. Mayor's going to cut one. There you go. And then he'll tell you why don't tell you what flavor it is to. So anyway, we're just about out of the woods. I don't want to, you know, give you any premature evaluations. There's our good buddy Don. No, nice job done. As once again, we look out. It looks like we're going to squeak our way through one more time. This reminds me Hurricane wasn't a David that was sitting out there off the coast a few years ago. We sat there and watched kind of the same thing. Not as big in his dangerous, but didn't David do pretty much the same thing. And then it kicked him ass of him Palm Beach County as our recall. But you sit there and you watch this gigantic big humongous blob. And they keep telling you with all of them with some confidence, not 100% confidence, but the people from the National Weather Hurricane Center keeps on you. You know, this is what the model say this and the model say that. I wonder if they were like male models or female models that we're talking to. Because you know about those male models are mostly, yeah. But did any rate, uh, don? No. Number one, baby. Our good close personal friends with whom we had this bizarre relationship that only last two days we found out about. I guess you found out about it that one time when I was in vacation the hard way. The hard way. And just, yeah, we all got to go home and put Channel 10. And you know, the amazing part of this. Speaking of that once great that once real news station WIV. They actually put the channel I believe six. They have another one of these bogus partner deals. This is the New Deal in radio. A war news station, but we can't really afford a full time news. Uh, I'll fit here in a new stand. So we're just going to open up a pot and stick a goddamn TV station's audio on there. That's um, I mean for us to do that. Of course you'd expect us to do that because we don't have a news department. We don't have a weather wire. We don't have a news wire. We don't have anything. It is to do. We don't have a window to see what's going on outside. They could be dropping nuclear weapons across the street. And by the way, they're not dropping nuclear weapons Chuck. Our good buddy Chuck over the sub center. I'm driving the work this morning. And I see he's got it all boarded up there. He's got all the shutters up. And then right next door from the stadium diners all boarded up. We like to fight out if there's anybody open for business today. Including some of our friends that might bring us some lunch today for some of us who are going to be working like regular show today. Life goes on. I mean, I'm not saying that they did anything prematurely because when you had that big blob out there, I think it was handled fairly well as far as you evacuating and those kinds of things. In fact, some of the people up there in the parts of Broward, like in sunrise, Tamarack Delray, they evacuated for the first time in years. Yeah, some of the people on the beach like in Hallendale. There's still having a tough time evacuating, but they're working on it. Little metamusial, you'll be okay. I'm not saying those anything wrong with that. But I think that we saw them there, Mayor Pinga and Governor Booch, and a goddamn fascist Ken Jenny, just a few times too many. A few times too many for that Nazi Ken Jenny. That's what I can see in all my luck. But who did the best job last night? There he is on my TV right now. Don't know. I have the storm to stop. And why don't we turn here? We're not. That's what we're doing. Yeah, that's right. We'll pop that audio in there once in my one of those. Got to be core of the storm right here. Anyway, here's the coordinate, 25.4 north 76.2 west, Longitude, 150 miles an hour, moving 14 miles west, north west, soon to be moving north by the way, according to a dawn. No, 255 miles east of Miami. In fact, it's almost, it's just a little bit south of Doe East of Miami already. And you ask holes out there. Over on the beaches. See that we just had a piece on it a little while ago. I don't think you were watching. But they had a piece about how the cops are going out there. You know, whatever they call the beach patrols. And they're out there with their microphones. Get out of the water. You ask holes. And they're giving them a citation. It's 50 bucks. If you don't, if you're out there in a water, it's against the law. You'll be given a citation. I don't think they should give them a citation. I think they should give them one warning. And then I'll take your business. Garmin, I want to you. Crazy bastard, you. What is wrong? You know, see, a time like this always. It brings out the best in some people. But it also focuses that big spotlight in the sky on the real Ansel's out there. You know, the ansel's that are out there at the beach right now. Surfing and just acting like ansel's. Oh, I won't come in. I won't come in. No, I won't. What do you say? I won't come in. Okay, stay in drown. Okay, we don't give a crap. Then we don't have to mess with the body. But there's always got to be in just like the people who behave like Assel at home depot and at the supermarket and went overboard. And by the way, I hate to break the news to you. Like I said, I'm going to give all the kudos that are due to the people in the media. Because boy, the television people worked. They're still working around the clock. Great job. That's what live TV is all about. That's what we can finally say something good about them, which rarely happens. But we can actually say that it did a great job. Only wish we could have said the same here. What we're about? Paul game. That's what Gary Sarner told me coming up the elevator this morning. We're not about that. We're about ball games. But anyway, I would use to be in those great glory days when we had a real news department. And we had all these other fine people working there including us. You could depend on us. We'd probably double our audience during Hurricane Andrew back in 92. Because there are end of facts. Is we're coming in in the phone calls. We're coming in with closings and openings. That's et cetera. And so on. Were we getting into that here? No, no. No, because like I said yesterday, this would be the last place. Anybody with a half a brain would tune into if there's any kind of an emergency going on. Whether emergency, World War IV, I mean any of these things. Would anybody with a brain tune in here? No, sports emergency. Oh, yeah, right. That's right. I've thought about that. Like the permutules are closed today. Oh, oh, that's bad. And that panter game over there and four mires cancel the night. Oh, I don't understand. Sports emergency. Too bad about that. That's right. These are the important things in life. Of course, that's often when last night. I'm so, oh, yeah. That's yeah. I watched five minutes of that. Because I don't know about you, but I was busy. I got home before one o'clock yesterday and from one till about 11 with an exception of a trip to Amico to get some soda and make sure I had a full tank against. Well, exception of that, I was glued all these different channels back and forth and forth and back. Whether channel 4, 6, 7 and 10. Whether channel, by the way, did not do a good job this time. Not, no, not really. Not good at all. Way behind. They were given the, the two o'clock advisory came in, like it always is about a quarter of or 10 minutes before the hour. Sometimes sooner than that, they released it. They were given the 11 o'clock advisory, 250 in the afternoon on the weather channel. Not good. Okay. Not good. One time our local channels outshone the weather channel by a million miles. Nice going down. No. And love you, other guys, which I'll mention. Like I said, give credit work credit is due. Backstreet boys can't, concert cancel tonight and again tomorrow night. We could go for December 5th and 6th. So I guess it's not a big deal. I think it might take it's like right away, right? 10 minutes after 10 at 5. 6, you double the QMR. He said, get her meat. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. See. Oh. See. Beautiful. There's a slight 고민 behind me. I think it'd be nice to explain. Looking back at the moment was an epic bizarre ending. Never, never would be weird, and never the you're getting upset on you obviously. Great idea. Where does it take me? I think it's all that they all figured out We're hiding our latent sea One thing is for sure we can make you into the world Why are we close? I want the deadly gift I go You want to do what you want That you wish your life will But the day we think that we have never seen We say we're not gay I swear we're not gay That's what state of five 60 WCM heckle be here at two And then the humanity will be here at six And then 30 Marlins at the giants And then 30 pregame and interest That'll be quite an extravagant out there in the west coast The Marlins will give it up about 700 runs in the last four or five games Make sure you really want to build that stadium If you want to dig down deep Anyway, so let me give you my little ratings on the performance done by the meteorologist on TV Like I said, Don't continue He was rationally, he was calm, he was very specific As you could be, I mean you can't be really specific Because it's an imprecise science But he was rationally and related out there for you And when it was time to say, guess what? It looks like it's following the track that they were predicting on the one model And he was doing a great job I shot Don as usual He's dependable Roland Stenham and Bill Kamal Miss Kamal from Channel 7 I would give them like a tie I did heat for a second They were both excellent The only thing I didn't like on Channel 7 He's beside the fact Rick Stencher's is usually made in the ass out of himself Why didn't you stick your head a little further into this game Bay of their last night Rick He was leaning over standing out there outside By where we were used to work Sten and out there with the waves in the back Look at that there's some water Wow that's pretty exciting And one time he bent over to see how high it was coming up on the wall there And I thought, Oh Jesus if there's a god Just let him go tumbling off into the water Right there on live TV That has happened No Damn it But I'll give them a tie for number two And poor little Brian I thought brought up the rear Back to me on the swede Yeah the graphics he was using I don't know how to say anything He wasn't hyper ventilating I'll give him credit for that He wasn't hysterical Like he's gotten the rap for and the path is Is so by the way But he also wasn't very informative I didn't think Huh? It was pretty weak So that's my ratings of the TV people They all did a great job on 4, 6, 7, and 10 From Mendus We are you know we salute you And of course we're very jealous Because you people actually have some contact With the outside world which here Here we have two AM We have none We're from on this show We're very honest and up for 4th right about it We have no contact We got our TV set here Let's hear it Once I know they're in the garage So that's the 60 mile an hour Got it You know I'm guessing here They could be a little more To be a little less of that And then you get in the palm of your heart You can get a little more okay That's enough Palm beat is in Martin County Gonna get worse wins 40 to 80 mile an hour We're gonna get 20 to 30 in day 30 to 60 mile an hour Guests In Broward Not sustain wins Guests And maybe you can explain it to me Why are they still opening up new shelters And why are they still doing this evacuation thing I understood it last night And they're not saying we're completely out of the woods As far as some damages concerned And certainly if you're over there on the beaches You don't want to be there You know while we get the worst of the wind and the rain But why are they continuing this? Can anybody explain that to me you think? No I don't understand it My like underreacting is that what I'm doing Because I live way out there in West Broward She want to think about West Broward The weather usually sucks If it rains anywhere Rains by me we get flooded Because there's no storm sewers out there in the acres But on the other hand by the same token At least we don't have to worry about storm surge And it's setter and so on Not that we want you to feel better if you live way out there in the east But get out of the water Will your place get out of the water you assholes you So if we figure out who might be open for lunch today Not them are hungry or anything Just something I'm thinking about Maybe over there at Atlantic so you say maybe to a bread over there at Tonies Because we know our friend Chuck Can we understand Chuck you've got your life investment And you're going to business you're a good guy Good people over there and you're right out here Wide open I mean exposed to the elements right by the stadium God forbid Here's a mobile in pop in O'Hillow Mobile in pop in O'Hillow Yes sir Nearly sent all the letter carries and all the post-warcus home At 10 o'clock this morning there's no mail service and all the shop larida How come they just got your saying on 10 It must be lying that there was going to be a mail delivery in Broward I'm a letter carry and I'm on my way home and so is everybody from my office We got it to call at 9 o'clock from division saying Get everybody out of the building at home Okay, well thanks. Thanks for the news. Have a great day. You too. Have a good time. Bye. Don't like you too though. Can't stand them But anyway, there's the letter carriers no mail today So I have to worry about getting any bills in a mail today That's good news. Let's hear it. All right. Excellent news I hear the phone ringing in there who you're talking to where you're calling somebody that might be open today Somebody in my bring us some food See because quite frankly I mean you know it was a little windy and raining And I'm sure because we have no window in here. We're like in an interior studio with four very ugly blank wall of Antones All right. Let's get some pieces. Let's get the food for everybody because obviously people are going to be isolated here today And as usual if we can't do anything else good on your show we'll get food for everybody will feed the joint Or we'll smoke it one or the other by the way you pour bastards over there in the island Oh well, that'll teach you. I guess it's God's way of showing that when you when you do the things that you've done to the tourists over the years When you're raping pillaged the tourists when you treat people like crap like you've done in the years over there at the Bahamas Say he may be a little slow getting to you but sooner or later the Lord don't muck you around. Okay Oh God. It's taking care of you today Not that we wish you any physical harm or anything like that, but you know It's been nice knowing you. Here's parrine. Hello Hey man. What's up man? Yes Just a little bit about what? Well, I'll be what the storm hit down his man so he can go loop man Yeah, that's not a bit kind of a thing. Right. Right. Listen. I'm a people man What is it? I'm saying I'm just like that man. We don't I'm gonna catch a photo. I'm going to loot over there Go and loot in the island's battle be great. I'll have a hell of a time Yeah, that's a very good point. It's a bad day for the looters because that just like back during Andrew How about anybody getting ripped off out there? Anybody getting gouged you think they were doing price Gouging in Bahamas, but of course they got a lot of practice doing that. They've been gouging us for years for centuries So they have a practice makes perfect. They're just gouging their own people now Yeah, you price gouged yours. Well, I'll tell you one thing if I find out that people were like overcharging because people are desperate I'd throw their ass in jail right now. I wouldn't even wait to land else on chan Start a waving his goddamn fat arms his ham hox I would throw them in and I'd throw them in jail with a surfer, you know That's woman the same cell because you know about those servers don't you five sit there like your wrestlers five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Let's see if we've got any audience here today or everybody's overreacting I mean, looks to me like we're gonna squeak through this thing and it's a miracle again, but they're when you live right That's what it's all about when you live right like those of us here in South Florida They look after you Looks down on you and make sure that nothing real two bad happens all the seven years ago. We screwed up a little bit But nevertheless can you imagine if you were her and I'm sure we got a lot of you out there that survived the worst who lived in South Aid back there in Hurricane Andrew seven years ago Can you imagine what those people especially people who have built new homes What they're thinking about not necessarily down there because most people relocated But boy just visions of sugar plums especially looking at one that's like three four times the signs of Andrew And at one point you know the thing was so big so vivid and massive that you're looking at it and you're thinking okay, so it's going to change direction And we have these people sound very authoritative although they're a little bit they're waffling a little bit but nevertheless they sound And we see these steering currents you know what is front coming down from Canada But you're thinking how can something that vivid and massive just miss us you know what I'm saying If it doesn't start turning pretty goddamn soon, so I set my alarm I woke up five thirty this morning I saw the thing was moving like we weren't going to get the worst of it and by the way somebody better tell Mayor Pingu that Bront means like the major thrust He's first of all he now he's a meteorologist a mayor secondly somebody ought to brush him up on his English a little bit because he's using words that he'd know come Friend they okay you stupid asshole you silly little spit Isn't brunt something you're doing football grams with pun And five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixy yeah, shunt and the one mega yet of that's the other part Here's a mobile in Tamarack hello hey Neil I are great I got to tell you I disagree rolling stem is a mo run why is that oh my god he came in yesterday He had on his glasses instead of contact he'd been up all night rolled up his sleeves He was saying what you know I have faith and I really I'm optimistic because of my faith I'm like Jesus did he say that he said that I'm like this guy is talking to Tina He's he's worth more crosses he has no I don't agree with you I think that stuff that I saw him doing was pretty decent, but that's I will say this when he started talking about his family And he's got a large family He had a big family and he's talking about him shopping and he just liked for a Dwight Fort Laterdale was on their last night They were showing tapes of his house from Hurricane Andrew overhead views of the house and the before and the after Who cares about Dwight Laterdale's freaking house you know we're worried about our own houses Don't smell he was okay I'd give him credit for being the best by the Roland's set them thumbs down What about miss Kamala on channel 7? I don't even watch that cross tutor He was pretty good He was pretty good I'll load the red pants so we're dead give away right okay pay I'll have a great day He did thank God this morning Bill come all ditch the red pants, okay those clown pants He did a good job though. I didn't like that too much of those same graphics though, you know the hit the big hit He was taking a big hit I'm lost what he said or something that Ryan would big hit 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Let's hear from some places that are open for business today. I will give you a free plug Or you can call up while laughing because somebody somebody sent me a copy of the article that I missed from the Harold Barry Jackass his 825th in the series of articles about W a fn Ready's for launch on Monday. This was 827 that after one of the occasion Which I had missed the article. Thank you for sending this to me by the way. Got some real good laughs out of this Oh, yeah, this is a real panic and about how the sponsors are calling them and advertise their car calling them and And robes they're calling them and drones and the WQM is narrow in its scope. I sure go along with that But they're even narrower in many day parts. Colors are insulted in their opinions are thrown in the waste paper basket All right, we say how does it that that's what we're all about. It's called entertainment QA Amblers are alienated. They won't be with us. No, they'll feel very special over there at 1700 because W the only one's listening you moron Nice going our very jackass the 5,000th in a 25,000 part series The promoter guide the infant and radio station that nobody knows about except Greg Rie wants to pull up his belt and put another notch in it What to put another notch in his back dome so he can tell everybody there's another station. I knocked off. I did it. I did it Hey, let me tell you about a place where they're doing it next to guards. I have a feeling that because of the storm that even though it's Tuesday I don't know do we see we don't know because none of our sales people was bothered to give us any information about any of our people Whether they're open whether they're closed whether they're doing the usual stuff. I don't know. You know because like I said we're in a vacuum Gary Sardner did tell me by the way that we're a very special here Or special case or something about special ed But in any rate next to guards ordinarily on Tuesdays when they'd you go down there. I wouldn't I can't vouch for today And you mentioned you'll send me and it give you 10% discount on all the cigars you buy on your accessories the human or is all the good stuff that goes along with it Excuse me guys Nick and substance whatever they had get it and the people like chlorine They're just like them like that they were on the what a court the weed and they're high and I mean it's terrible But years that I've been looking at listening to six 10 and I see it and it's terrible. I would agree 10 31 at 560 WQM not a lot of response here today. I guess they go just throw on channel 10. We've been on there today That's very easy way not to you know I thought maybe we'd have a captive audience here today listen to them because almost everybody is off everybody's off a school everybody's off a work on that We have a big captive audience which here all of everybody's experiences out there. I don't want to hear from anybody by the way who's pissed off that they went and did something because if you did too much You're the asshole, okay? If you went overboard and you got panicky and hysterical and you're the idiot because I think generally speaking and it's very rare for me to say anything good about anybody in the media as you know But I think generally speaking they've done a spectacular job Only wish that we could have done it here Of course we got a lot of people running around here, but the only thing that always a ball games We were discussing that this morning, Georgia night we have a 4250 people running around this building most of the age of 10 by the way But nevertheless, did they know anything about anything beside all games? No Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey Neil. Yes, I want a second your vote on Don't know there He's accurate and there he's a good guy. I believe him more than any others He's got credit. He doesn't hyperventilate. He doesn't that and he uses very clear A graphics on air. He makes it very You know, and again, it's a very imprecise thing and they're not as sure But at least he gives you a feeling of confidence that he knows what he's talking about Yeah, nor cross He's all thinking he's trying to smooth up to the old folks He's always trying to make him feel better about it He didn't like any information. He just wants to tell you a patch on ahead and say it's going to be all right I want to do like give you the real thing any Yeah, keep it and the median general they just don't know when to quit with a damn thing I'm it was a little bit by that Well, it was over at five thirty this morning basic I don't know if you're having a good with that. We're out of the woods And I mean you could see the thing was turning off just like everybody is predicted and We're sitting pretty it's like looking for your car keys and you find them, but you keep looking for them I don't know if you see on that. I mean I think that they're doing a good job by keeping the stuff on that I mean don't keep in mind not everybody has the luxury or the time of the inclination to be sitting there Glute would watch in at hour after hour after hour after hour if you're doing that it gets very repetitious And you're saying how can you keep giving us this stuff? But you know people come in and out and a couple of minutes They turn it on to get the information they want about the airport closings about this about that But I don't have any problem Well, they can do all that pretty much just with a crawler. They don't have to Yeah, that's true. They could be crawling it. Yeah All right, well, I agree 100% with that. No, he's a hell of a guy. He is either by a great thing. We all love done. No, yes, we do don't wait no time 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line everybody calm down like I told yesterday Just they calm like me don't get all worked up into a frenzy get all panicky. Okay. There's nothing worth it a bunch of panic people This very jackass column goddess really cracks me up The but Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg the two live Jews that got on a summer casting their internet show Which isn't even alive sports show between 10 and two the better than than us When the aradrues on WXUAM Scott and Sid will be the only sports you're one at that time Colot the you'd said whatever this guy's name is if there's a press conference from 10 to two You'll hear it on our station. He said oh right like I said better you than us press conferences There you go back with Barry again Barry who has never written the word after all his hysteria About Chris moron going off the air and me coming over here two years ago Never written the word about the gigantic ratings on the show and the fact that we tower above all the sports shows Not just in this station, but in the whole market have you ever written the word about that very no, but if there's a press conference on you'll hear it at 1700 on the dial if you can pick it up great Congratulations guys God what a joke man this guy this puddle-backer This fat face chip monk piece of crap very jackass Don't want everybody hates him in the goddamn world about no wonder everybody hates you like poison Barry if I were you I would just stay home all day close the doors and cry is what I would do Because everybody hates you I'm sure that even the people of the Harold hate you everybody hates you I hate you hey K to even a guy's in the morning on the station who are generally too stoned out of their mind especially people Do know what's going on. They hate you Greg Reed hates you which of course there's a lawn your side, okay? There's a little an option your belt Here's a mobile and Cooper city hello. Hi Neil. Yes, uh like you I'm working today I'm about on the road as nobody out here's great. Is this great? Yeah good trip to work this morning Well, I'm not so much I care about my customers, but my family would drive them me not to add a good out of the house. Yeah. That's good point disappointed about the back street boys We have wait tickets for tonight December fifth and six. I guess it is so December fifth would be tonight show Yeah, all right, and And you don't don't get the surfers with you know the surfers wish first tropical storm for the way Want to swim out there you're nuts, but the surfers know what they're doing. They're a bunch of angles Well, I would at that aside. I mean that they're assholes. There's not a hurry Well, let me just say this if anybody if anybody in the beaches drowns out there today in a moral We're not gonna we're not gonna mourn about it. We're gonna laugh at you. We're gonna put your name on here We're gonna sit in the last but the surfers don't drown. They know what they're doing. Okay Meal I believe you know here here something you know I Jennifer Floyd gets south Florida a minor blow job. Okay. Thank you. Yeah 567. Oh five 60 can we say blow job. Oh no, how about no job? It's better than some job 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18 T line like I said we got a captive audience By the way our friend Chuck is not open for business today, but he's such a great guy That he happened to be in the joint or doing something with a joint and called and said I'll be glad But there we had just eaten with a punch with a call from our good buddy Brad over there at Tony's which is open today By the way at a hundred ninety-third Northwest second Avenue. I get that right. Yes, I did We love our buddy Brad over Tony's we love our friends over Atlantic City sums We love Chuck we love everybody that brings us free food. Sure. We do Here's a lady in plantation hello Oh nice talking to the lady in plantation who only waited six minutes and 28 seconds But it was too long for huh? How do you like that six minutes and 28 seconds our first woman of the day? That's fucking bit. Yeah. Thank you. Oh My god. I'm telling you the women down here I wouldn't give you a nickel you take you there like I said is about maybe five ten percent of nether worth a without powder salt And the other ninety percent On legs. That's what they are god No sense of humor no patience like she's in a big hurry to go somewhere. Okay, maybe you're dog just peed on the living room rug like rumors dog Pete and I sure at the other day Honey like that brings a little ways about a half an ounce You it's not even identifiable. It's just you know that it's alive because it's squirming a little bit and the dog too And it pees on my shirt nice going remember By the way, the panthers like I said that even four mires will be canceled Not because of the weather but because they stuck 22 before 11 at five 60 WQ I mean I have a trouble falling asleep. Yeah every night at your accounting sheets Well now you can relax with a new limited time offer that stinks in a different way It's felt best of outdoor out. Oh, gore. I want to be asleep not combatose Shut up and listen to this and we have this today because I Created the internet. Whoa. I feel a drowsy already That's right after just a few minutes of listening to democratic presidential hopeful algor You'll forget what's bothering you and start thinking about who's bothering you. I love the environment because Environmental is speaking without an environment World would be a terrible environment in which to raise our children I can't keep my eyes open. Yes You'll get off to the land of Lincoln Blanket and not as you subject yourself to the most Uncarasmatic public figure in the history of American politics I have made an illegal phone call or two in my office But at least I didn't have a listed sex from there. It's true nothing but being a mood to be unconscious More than the wife We're through another sleepless night get the best of outdoor today and tonight you'll be sleeping like this You're the best of outdoor. I'm sitting in cassette just a 1,100 And you thought I'm as is boring. 1045 at 5.60 W to Q a M I don't want to pee on anybody's parade. You know me. I never want to be negative. You know what I'm saying What about my house hurricane Gilbert doing? I've been talking about him a lot lately Gilbert But at any rate see if I was one of the sales people here first of all I'd probably go home and kill myself But if I were one of the sales people here at Q a M or any space in the market what I would do first thing this morning I'd be in here brightened early. I'd be on the phone to my clients You know the ones who just been able to all the money do these spots so that we can get them business I find out if they're open today if they're in one sense I find out if they got any like special single and on those kinds of things and I'd pass the information on the people like me who are on the air So I can pass them on to the audience because that's supposedly the way it works. That's what they're paying for you know what I'm saying Oh, you're so easy first. I'm a crazy person making trouble again Just sit there and read that old stale copy. Okay. What's the matter you're causing trouble again? You making trouble? Okay, sorry By the way, Don Oh says the maximum win goes. Now, we're gonna mention this but I'll mention it again Then we could look for the maximum gusts okay not sustain wins during the rain and the wind and the outer rest That we're gonna get from Cliff Lloyd 20 to 30 miles an hour in date 30 to 60 in Broward and Palm Beach in Martin County's 40 to 80 miles an hour wins So Palm Beach you might actually feel it for the first time in a long time 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line here's Miami. Hello Hey, I think with that news that you just gave out that Alex Penelope could have about two or three more press conferences and get a space all over to TV again And make sure we get to see one Medietta two or three hundred more times today too. I tell you I am so embarrassed for Alex Penelope. I mean, is there any shame? I mean, what is it? No And you know something every time I see him I see him. I see the governor and I see Ken Jenney and I see three politicians And I'm thinking of myself there's three people I can't stand I mean, don't forget it. We're not watching the TV to hear about all we're here We'll see where the storm's going That's what care about the I This is like with the with the athletes the same thing with all the press conferences Everybody's gonna have a press conference. We didn't need to have eight minute press conferences All they need to do is say, oh, this is the mayor's office. This is one Mandietta and and here's the deal Okay, here's the hurricane shelters. Here's where we're gonna start the evacuation. That's all Or maybe just once have a press conference, you know, but every time I get up this morning He's on it with another press conference five in a morning. He's having another one. He's holding it Don't you understand Mr. Mayor? We hate you even those of us who don't live in the county. We can't stand you. We don't trust you We don't like you you're a sellout. You're a cop-out go away And maybe one Medietta can get another dishonest job back in immediate again Here's Hollywood. Hello, Neil. How you doing? But it's great I want to have a couple of takes and I want your opinion on them too. I was watching Fook into the channel by a different hurricane coverage, right? And I just think it's I mean We're showing people sleeping at home people who cares We could look at people sleeping at home people waiting to get plywood We're showing people sleeping at home depot Yeah, because they got their eight hours early to be the first ones and lying when it opened and it Get damn plywood. That's fine. People do their teachers own, but I don't know where the news is the show This is more important things to show and yeah, I mean you could tell it Hey listen, I got a lot of home depot stockman. I like the last three coverage keep the name in a mind of the public I got all the people home depot I got 100 shares with you, but still, you know, they don't need to show people sleeping there and they're carrying on And if you show people a little bit more animated like actually buy and crap would be good And then they show yesterday, okay, I'm a friend in town and We're watching a channel that I just have an on channel seven on and a rich Stages outside the plexent Right, he's in the way and he's um, I don't know what they call with the seats. They're right by the bag basically And a little water's coming up right I I mentioned that I was praying that he would fall in I saw that I don't know okay, but my friend is watching this guy And he's like this is a serious like He thought of the joke he bends over and he flashes his back in the camera That was the best part of the practically moon the camera there He takes off his jacket Yeah, he's rolling his sleeves up and get right into it. Don't understand what you see they didn't have a see what they really like Especially the weather channel is famous for this They love to show us pictures of people standing in driving rainstorms Practically getting blown away Can my power when this guy's showing things coming off the plane and my friend is I'm gonna die of laughter because I'm I'm looking at it like this is disgusting In the terrible this is terrible media I'm glad you enjoyed it all right. Yeah Like I said everybody in the great job except for our recent and a few other people who made tools with themselves 567 560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line Well, there's still a color getting from a new Providence I'll use on the phone there on channel 10 put him on from NCP still alive Okay, look on a thing to the local radio over the night in this morning Lots of reports of damage to power lines The 50 around this island Anything about injuries I haven't heard anything specific about that yet, but reports of a two-fight sketch you Coming in we are okay That'll teach you like I said it would pop the tourists over there in the Bahamas all these years. Okay We have no sympathy for you whatsoever. We're sick and tired of being ripped off 567 0560 pound 560. I sure hope that capital was gonna do another one of those damn shows There's over to Bahamas What's gonna happen to professional gambas you should have seen beef oh this morning He was psychotic that the permutals are closed down today. Who's ready to blow his brains out for going to her three more meals Here's Miami. Hello Hail yes, sir Can I say something that want to send the surface? Yeah, it's a South it's four to five foot chat and it's sunny and honey Which won't mean much to you, but I used to have stands on Miami Beach down itself the each until they tore the track down yeah I've listened to you for 100 years It's almost 100 and I've enjoyed back from the straight days when You did topics Never denied you a gay I wish I had a more interesting girl. That's okay Kills and good now you've been a pleasure sir for what is it 25? 23 years. I'll see you at the turf pub And then we'll go back to the loaves for dinner Okay, well the real surface This is jacked. Okay, jacked. Take it. Okay, sir. So whatever that means Could be in out there by we don't care if you are a surfer We don't care if you're a swimmer you're an idiot get away from the goddamn beach Okay, you're gonna get killed they just showed the hall overbeats there and the waves are pounded in and those big gigantic rocks, you know those big jagged rocks But hey, you know you want to get your rocks so go over the hall over beach right now you get a ticket You'll get a $50 fine take a whole bunch of $50 bills and just keep showing them at the goddamn a beach patrol 567 05 60 we're having a few technical problems inside the building here with our audio vault Remember the audio vault member the origins of that. Oh the audio vaults in the building how many years ago was that? You see when you're gonna do everything the cheap way the measly read way This is the way you wind up everybody's running around here, Frank like chickens with their head cut off We can't get the special spots in the guy they're multi-ovolts to get him on the air Tommy's running around jocos, fellows running around even pretty soon eagles gonna start running around to the food Get here then he'll be in here Now he never he can sniff out a free meal from a hundred miles away e-gore He's got a nose for free food Here's North Miami, hello Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I'm just I just have to think that I just had one complaint to make and I have an observation Let's have a little wedding channel Can you remember it? It's just seems to me that before you know you go to a bit of having acts to climb they didn't have a dog and that's right You can judge them and say you know what they're doing without prejudice. There's gonna be a real story You know they are so far behind yeah, they're terrible. I mean and you know maybe no need to trip off Is that one the house commercial or becoming Neil? He tries a few weeks ago before this He forgot you know you don't want to do no that's a sea lion the hurt and expert yeah He's marching the screen and there's a disturbance out You know and it's being kind of this and when she had taken place and he goes Well, here's a third of the thing we're looking at it and we were thinking you were gonna turn into disturbance But no such I mean no such a lot Thousands of them from the middle of an nago, you know Yeah, I'm like local safety but the other thing I'm gonna say is what about mayor Alex Taylor you know you go out to the airport you get on the majority you look up another giant fan It says Mayor Alex to know is and Metro Dave County welcome you Welcome you that's that the where is he taking responsibility for ever going on out there? It was a press conference everything But when it was that happens with American Airlines he says you can talk about the labor reunion You know one time like if he's gonna be as far as all the time you by the way You know instead American were the first ones to cancel their flight yesterday because it when the winds start gusted up like that It gets bad to keep the powder in one spot. You know it's very tough to keep it down Well, you say it's me'll take care and have a great thing clean up as full in the sun walk me Or stock on it probably the weather five six seven oh five sixty powders all over bach trip Put it up let's see these yeah, you know those pictures through the magic There's everything that you'll see out there but from the safety of your home How do the beach as well as the rest of the beaches and Miami data? And look are there well? It's against the law you're breaking a law you're trying to law break We'll have to control the beach and tell people to go home again I think we're going to do This is a good portion of the next one sir You know and if you look closely, they're even a couple of kids out there again Do not go to the beach and it particularly don't take your children out Yeah, what's the matter? I'm sorry taking your kids leave me a shot. Let's go. I don't want to get rid of my guess Hey, and it's better than it's better than you know suffocating him it's better than Leaving him oh yeah, they just wanted a happy good time. I didn't know they were gonna drown you know Sure Try a real story. Okay, that's somebody might believe So if any Bob parents out there got any like you know, I'd say nine to 15-year-old kids that you want to get rid of Just to get out the old surfboard and head for the beach immediately if not soon, and that's our advice 1056 in five 60 WQM. Hank Gober will be on here today at two o'clock. What do you think they're gonna be talking about huh? They're gonna be talking about the big dolphin win last night. Did I watch that? No, got six minutes of it No, well, contemporary man. I was pretty you and the worst telecast in the history of Monday night football Boomers just say no to the boomer. That was just horrible That was more disorganized than this storm just tragic No contest pretty weak But I had more important fish to fry you know I had to watch all these other channels because I want to know what they'll was going on I can't be sitting there like some kind of a professional sports nerd watching some stupid guy damn ballgame And I did flip over at half time think I they did put dawn on a half time the whole half time Nice god channel 10 oh Guess what I forgot WQM line before long enough. It just keep getting bigger And be iters now from the director of star track and the producer of the spy who shag me? It's the spy who shags? Spot along make you holy sir would you mind explaining that's basically it's you all make you holy baby Yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm fascinated you got quite in possibly Yeah, please be baby. I'm asking my anatomy being different indoors Well, they're as phenomenal the league very long and judging from what you've seen so far I'm very hopey hey The spy who shags thought you were shag now or shall we shag? I wonder what star-fled command will say about that in long and prosper. Yeah, baby Okay, here's done. Oh, I'll crop crack it up just once I'm on channel. It's in hurricane and a strong category For storm on the staffer since I did deal with the All right, we were moving west north west the 14 there's the pressure and I want to show you this Workstown winds a 145 miles an hour down another five miles an hour 25.7 north Is the latitude longitude 76.8 west 25.7 now so in other words, it is do east. It's directly east of Miami already and it's still about 250 miles out there Do east So like I said I don't understand what but again, I don't want to say it on the year. I'll just say it under my breath Why are they still evacuating people in the day count? You're opening up new shoulders You don't want to say it's already do east of Miami. Not that we're not gonna get those winds that don't Oh talking about but Maybe somebody can explain it to me Here's for a lot of deal. Hello For a lot of deal Hello Hello uncle now. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay The real pandemotions starts tomorrow when it comes to returning all the wood and groceries this stuff down You know, I went to anacode to get some soda yesterday and they had a sign this is at the anacose station And to their credit they had a sign no refund on hurricane supplies nice going guys That's trying to return the gasoline probably again probably try to be turned the chewing gum Or the happy month over at public yeah How do you like that? I think this is the deal for the best show though because So the worst and the best and people come out but the funny it's been people come out or the you know Just I thought sometimes it gets so ridiculous it's hilarious I mean sometimes you know the people that are just ordinarily one of the mill assholes ordinarily Not now it's like magnifying it times a hundred because you know They the drama is a hundred hundred times greater than usual so now they're real just magnify their asshole This on the times as you expose the mere panelists Post half a date in Broward County and you know, I'm not not to mention our fascist The man who put the BS and BS can Jenny They are a bit bored up to be two a Andrew and hurricanes no there are they're hoping that we get blown away Have a great day thanks Here that's down in the phone again. That's that crappy phone system we got here Greg. Okay, pop another notch in your belt You fascist you idiot you geek oh that that line in very jackass is column that that's just this sends me That's just sends me you want to take any competitor seriously Well we have a strong track record WCM to General Manager Greg Reed said We've varied a lot of radio stations and I would like to make them another notch on my belt We have varied a lot of other radio stations and he'd like to make them another notch on his belt I hate to tell you what we'd like to do with that belt, okay? Here's Tamorack hello how are you yeah? I got my own take on his whole hurricane nonsense Yeah, her shant the blame on his whole thing is God He's okay. Thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound how did I know that as soon as I heard that voice that it was gonna be a bad Bad call she just like it says in very jackasses column About how bad we are here over 2 a.m. It says yeah Q a m's narrow and it's scope and many day Parts callers are insulted and their opinions are thrown in a waste paper basket like the last guy He's an asshole. Yeah, there you go and that's why people listen to the station Tony you jackass Because at least between 10 and 2 we got a little bit of excitement going on over here and we just don't Lucky each other's body parts although that might be pretty good for some Let's do those surfers again by the way while we're at it And also by the way you notice how they're used in on 10 Dr. Bob sheets up there in Orlando who's been great He sits there very calmly. He's not hyper ventilating. He's not waffling. He seems to know his crappy that is crap all together Thank God we fell into a bucket of crap that we wound up with his incest you was thinking with channel 10 because it could have been the somebody else And we don't want somebody else especially channel 4 oh And I'll tell you another one besides Rick Sanchez, but it's predictable you know a silly person who sat there with his raccoon eyes Said deep in his head with Tony cigaretteo silly Tony on channel 60. I see him And when he was sitting there with Jennifer I thought to myself you know if the storm gets bad I wonder if they will send a limo to pick them up to take them home Because you know how they are Oh, there's Hank getting blown in the doorway Course he's used to that what the hell is that thing? Oh that oh that's from the National Car Yentis Center Hey, Scott a gigantic umbrella looks like a parasol. I wouldn't be walking around with it in public with that Hank Hank is in here blowing. It's a biggest one you're gonna get today Probably the only one I'm gonna get today Yeah, I got to figure it out. Yeah, this was a plot Marpenus and Merit's deer. I'm got together to fill the hotels Yeah, it's what this is all I thought you were gonna say it was gonna blow the stadium down and they'd have to build a new one. Oh That yeah Not not never in fact all the all the lost revenue from the city being shut down to you know that was all going towards the stadium Sorry John. Yeah, you'll lose John again Do you like the game last night? Yeah, it's pretty good. Hey, they look good I know every week's minute. I thought I heard the default is why out of the re I think that the Brian Grease You've not ready for prime time number one. Not ready to start. Yeah, something they couldn't have glitched Number two and number two let me tell you the boomer. He has not ready for anytime That was a bad telekin I never feel anybody I'm one way or another. I'm boring. I again. He was vanilla really Was or I'm gonna be just been he's not himself. I don't know what it is And I hate to say this because I know what you're in that work, but it and by ABC is all in that works It's it's football. I'm flipping back and forth. I'm you know mainly considered about this hurricane stuff because you know I don't want to get blown away and I'm as people did back at every time I flip back there's either a commercial on or they're interviewing somebody I'm saying run a plate Water plate just one time when I'm on here one a play. There's there's no action there in the game some of the Ass me this morning I was over the route because I live in an evacuation area. Thank you Alex and Paces packed, you know, yeah some guys said to me When you think people were watching a game last night or were they watching a weather and I would think they were watching a game because What can I tell you every half an hour? You know that they haven't told you half hour before yeah, but Good games on Sunday though. Oh, it was great a Dallas wash The Williams uh, the Patriot jet game was great. Yeah the giant Tampa big game was great Which they got to call wrong now? Now let me ask you this. What do you think of this the way they do in the Cincinnati replay Where the referee comes over he sticks to headphones on he sticks his head like he's going into a voting booth under this guy Them curtain and he sticks his head up on the screen, you know, what was that all up on? Oh, they're good fast I don't care how they do it just get it and then they had in the in the in the epithia jet skin They had one replay on spotting the ball. How can you possibly have a replay on where you're gonna spot the ball? People want like it, but you know some if they can we correct them mistake it's worth it. Yeah, but so you know So they got to one wrong and it just the Tampa game. He was wrong. That was a catch They showed it a hundred different. Yeah, I think you had possession the announcers didn't even agree on it But I thought he was jogging the ball a little bit. I don't think he really had let's have an argument about let's go to replay Okay, well keep that on Braille handy. What was that this just then a braille that's like for a family umbrella It's tough. Now did you get oh and stuff some braille. Oh, wow. Oh, come at okay. Thank you Okay, there goes Hank you'll be here at two o'clock. He's prepared. He's ready. It's 11.09 a Q.I.M. Concert and with burning trees playing on stage wasn't achy fleece Chili peppers red hot beer name there goes woodstock up in flames Well fucks for a slice, but that's the people law But burning merchandise was a hell of a stand-off Would start riot riot hot set that dating plane Would start riot riot you could play me on show. Go rain Would start riot riot It's on it on don't let's say Would start riot riot. I hope to still suck on the blue way. Yeah You'll see high bar That's the renthard Show that opens up the gold change round ended up with the burning to the ground knocked out shallower is the crazy night Carson's daily renthard's wife. I think it's fair to say Only some kids ruin the show They do this they lay they forgot to piece in love with stock riot get on Yeah, it's on it on don't let's say Which stock riot get off you die. I hope to still suck on the true way Yeah 114 and at 560 WQ on the Hank Wilbur show it till we got you mad dog man It's yeah 690 as kind of a preview to the big Marlins game out on the west coast. Thank god they're far away in San Francisco anybody want to build that stadium now by the Let's talk about building that stadium for that billionaire. I must be crazy. I must be nuts Our close personal friend and let me say again like I said yesterday J Rand off you think that Floyd is a big blow job This hurricane J Rand off did the most embarrassing suction and history on Sunday on whammy I'm whatever that show is the manager show with the Marlin whatever they call that thing Would you have with the john Henry? I have never seen I thought that the screen on my TV on my brand new Had touchy ultra vision was gonna invert from the suction even Larry King is a piker a minor ligor compared to J Randolph man Here's Pemberg Pines. Hello. Hey, I don't know great. Well, you first off you know Randolph got to be like that Randolph's trying to keep his job. Yeah, he's on a payroll That's right and I keep trying to find something for him to do and so now they've made in the number one circle in the organization Exactly, but I don't know I get Nick I called earlier. Did you like know about that guy's friend of home deeper waiting for the stuff? No, oh, well, it was great. Channel 10 interview them right and Definitely interview them and when he said you know how you feel now that you know the hurricanes I come here. He goes I want to kill somebody Really, yeah, and about himself would have been good Exactly, but anyway I'm going to your back on the radio and there's only dot you know since I've been going to school I'm gonna listen to you during the day, you know, so I'm happy to tell you all from school It is bonus day, man exactly. Okay, and I just wanted to say it call somebody a douchebag. Okay, okay Pat Riley and John Laker up in our way up. You both in douchebag. Okay, see you And don't forget I must be crazy. I must be not five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. It's bonus day for most people out there aren't working they're not in school I just you know free day to school around get your surfboard out go to the beach Go drown whatever it has oh, there he is again pound it on tomorrow. So I want to really There's a mayor because I A little bit Fast sense of security on the public's part and I need to reiterate that it's gonna get a little bit worse It's gonna get a little bit nastier before it gets better. Oh Good watch you a little bit more so dangerous man with this man bad weather coming in Yeah, we're gonna have some windows You know, we're gonna try to get it while you're chatting off you asshole you jackass Let's have sixty thousand here's the new meteorologist the new head of the hurricane center the new head of the god damn head department mr. head God damn mayor pinga you simple than you let the weather people okay? Let them give us the information the people that are trained the meteorologist the people went That their parents paid a lot of money to send them to school To learn something instead of being out of being mr. meteorologist if he's the mayor He's the traffic director and by the way the good news is I say 50 cents this morning at 50 cents more this afternoon Right no toll on the turnpoint you could have knocked me over with a feathered duster When I got to the booth there by the JRS and it said yellow signs no toll for seeing with caution I zoom through that thing with caution about 80 miles an hour I said yeah Why chair it okay? How much money they're gonna lose these a couple of days on those tolls out there? I guess we aren't gonna be able to build that new steady month like Hank said two bad swit goes Yeah, I sense oh see he's upset he's upset that we didn't get the big blow that he could have been the hero That's what he's upset about And he's upset that the public isn't you know running around like chickens with their heads cut off because they're watching what's going on here The thing is starting to take a turn to the north. It's not gonna give us a major blow and he's upset about that He don't give a crap about you people all he gives a crap about is himself and one man de eta God, I'm gagging just from seeing him on my TV set What up put Here's North Miami Beach, yellow I doing the great this is absolutely ridiculous people just watch the map He was going on and they got a channel 10 they got the map on they got they got him like a little picture on the right They got a bigger picture of the map to the left and basically the arrow says Steven asks for pointing to him I'm working today. I got my store open really show from the chocolate here right all the people here There you go anybody who has a chocolate emergency Okay, they want to go this today. Did they do stock up on it? I told my employees just they just watch see what it's going and it's going obviously it's gonna stay away from us Right the panic was just insane even my kids were panicking because the school made him panicked ridiculous People just have to use their brain kids down here haven't been trained very well up north We used to pray for the big snowstorm because it meant no school kids you'd have been hoping like crazy They would get a little something here. Oh school schools down. Oh they were a 400% Problem is now that now we have two days off the school and everything else is shut down you PS but actually Messing up our lives people yeah, well we're gonna be giving the looting locations in about a half an hour Keep it up nail you're the truth. Okay, thank you Let chocolate here is open ghost talk. I'm on and I got the whole screen with him on there with it We post oh I don't understand why you people ain't getting all so caught it because the run to run to run Yeah, I got your run right over here. Okay, and you're echo. You jackass you silly person you silly goose you You silly mongoos. I'll tell you one thing you're close personal buddy one man. Yeah, he's gonna be sure that he jumps on that Glenn wagon. I'll tell you that Like jumping on a goddamn and you a duria and the Titanic at the same time 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Mayor penis is the straw that you're not panicking okay folks that you're taking a little bit too easy So let's get everybody a little bit more nervous again. Okay, they're starting to calm down a little bit I'm sorry for here. Here you go to that to it for you mayor Trying to help be helpful you know Just like we were on a penny sales tax be helpful Here's Miami Beach hello Okay, great. There's our Julio contribution right in the middle of a right in the middle of a big blow job out there That's what's on his mind 567.0560 pound probably was talking about the mayor. Thank you and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello Hey, yeah, sir How you doing? I'm working and the fun part is I'm driving to track the trailer at Yeah, I had to take a Some roof supplies of the store I'm almost done and I'm done the day up to say oh you mean you're back Yeah, I'm on my way back. Do you want to be going towards Stewart now? No, I just came from there and it's a little bit more windier up there than this here It's gonna it's they're gonna get the cats a little more than we are. Oh, let's get worse before it gets better That's what the mayor does it. Yeah, I'm on strong I think I was talking about big county politics. Yeah, hey listen you really asking who are these people that go out to the beach? Yeah, it's the same asshole that went out to the fires That means anything right remember to fire sure I don't know the same assholes that that's sit out there on a median on uh by the 836 around the perimeter road by the airport waiting to see a plane crash Is it matter fact that went by four-letter there are two cars are waiting for a plane to come in for what reason I don't know Uh-huh I called you yesterday told you that you know we have perfectly good water that comes out of our cap now and I had to Stocked upon fish food My daughter and I she's three years old we went into public just today over in Pimmer Pines by my house He did some hamburger buns. We're gonna cook out last night If you want to see the welcome my daughter's face when we turned down the bread aisle I just start I lost you know because you know three years old. They don't really realize what's going on and she's like that Where's all the bread? It was so funny you know And but there was plenty of fish food. That was a good thing and Just see any people you have to be was really ridiculous. I picked up a few things around the house. That was it Kickback watch done no Who actually went to public shares today? Me I didn't have the balls to do it. Yeah, well, you know I had But I figured I'm gonna be trying to keep hamburger buns. I was doing things like we're hamburger buns I guess they weren't good enough for people But I'm almost done have a good day and I'm laughing like you know what often. I'm gonna grate that okay See ya. I'll take a bite 567 if we had a woman today yet, but no no you guys out there if you had a woman yesterday Oh, what are you waiting for? 567.560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line as a waiting for more pronouncements from the politicians to say don't stay too calm We don't like it that way. We want you to get a little worked up into a frenzy. That's why we're opening up all these shelters It's gonna get worse before it gets better. There's gonna be wind and rain oh god. Yeah And we know how unusual that is here in South Florida for wind and rain Especially this time in the air since September's only the second rainyest month of the season anyway Here's Opa Locker hello. Hey, I don't know great I was trained or don't watch in the news. I shall have seven. I don't see you expect as where's Rick? He last night. I think he fell in the buscane bay. He leaned over a little he was squat on a little bit too far I think that guy he had any die the guy he had the okay. Thank you week 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line well. I got a lot of time on our hands today Okay a lot of time to dust it off the old material just like Ross P. Rose said roll up your sleeves and dust off those old studies and dust off the old material and bring it back again You know just like Just like oh yeah Ten well that's the way it is when you got a little bit of number of pots on here and you have to a little around you know Just like when Hank coming in and I had a you know how embarrassing that is When I have to deal with a pot to put a guest mic on have you seen by the way Their studio in there for the important show for the morning show the sports shows that they do in there with a big light like a real talk studio You know so windows Yeah, we would share they got the windows and it got the microphones all around the thing there So they think you have a whole bunch of guests in like did it the other morning those high price skinny computer money. I'll get some of them on the year 560 50560 pound 560 I'm gonna build you a state of the art studio and I'm gonna give you a great new function Then yeah, you're gonna give me a polycrap in my back. Oh, it's what you're gonna give me Greg Lierlier pants on fire. That's our theme song here at QAM Here's Orlando. Hello. Yeah, sir. We're working with Dalsau Krush I get stuff tightened down up in Coco. What's the deal? Okay, we don't even have a TV already with us up this four here It's they're gonna be blowing up their man really It's you're gonna come ashore. They don't know yet. No, not up there. No, okay, I but you're gonna get some heavy duty wins Right, what's already blown here about maybe 40 more hours of bus every couple minutes So I think in Coco will be just the brown eye that you got to worry about Right here. Yeah, okay, okay, I'm gonna walk pal. Don't blow too hard 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line is we're rolling along second of song hey the women don't have time to be calling me today They're too busy doing what I don't know what what are they doing to the getting late Nagin at their husbands victim put panelling up. Oh, is that what it is? Well quit nagging at your husband. Okay. We're not getting it. Okay. Maybe in Palm Beach in Martin County up there We get 40 to 80 mile our wins along the beach And if you live out west, what do you get in all side? Kodak about anyway? Unless you haven't been paying any attention or unless you just like getting psychotic that could be it. I'm sure good excuse And then you'll make the mayor happy anyway even if you don't live in big county acts I gotta get'll make a mayor ping a happy you likes that 26 past 11 at 560 WQM here's me again Doosh when you're done George he bushed that his those is clean and never put up in it Can't he run for the White House so he just can't his me Don't jump in that's not all even down a few people How can he drugs with you? He even dropped some magic to Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it he pre-started the crack with shut their mouth Tell me your goddamn business He did more than watch your thing But he watched it tell the same he pre-per-folk came to touch that's the question that he does and he made his point much clearer Like a razor on a mirror But he wants a two-belead That he didn't do anything George he bushed that his no-de-clean and never put up in it can't be running for the White House That's the 31 at 560 WQM 560 50560 palm five 60 on the AT&T wireless line everybody And here running around like chickens for their heads cut off not because of the storm But because we got technical problems and then come to find out Igor our continuity Chief whatever the hell is tireless. We don't have to worry about him eating no free food today No, no He hauled ass for Tampa because of the storm all man what a pussy what a pussy Hall of ass for Tampa because of the storm Man What does that say is that a joke for sco. Hello me a fairy yes, sir Did I ever came out and get to San Francisco? We need you here the people of my The people on man me don't know I'll lucky they are yeah We have nothing but liberal crap up here and Why can't I think but what a liberal Pretty white some of my conservative yes, no I was down there two weeks ago and listen to you every day and I'm a conservative No What are you talking about sir? What line would you are you speaking? I'll speak in San Francisco. Okay. Well, but you're up in you know Go get a life five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless line. Oh, God What was that what did you put her on the year for? Speaking of her if we had for oh here's a lady in the summer in four lauderdale hello Yes, man. Are you doing all right? Hey, I think everyone will react with the hurricane thing going on And the top the non-show out to me to bear But I think you're for him. Perfect. You don't have to go out and buy all the bottled water up like I said yesterday Stota is mostly water and so is beer mostly water Right Advocate thank you. Yeah, go on get a couple of kegs. Okay. Get 20 or 30 kegs of beer and you know a thing of straws and go home and have a party baby Let up your barbecue to tell you make sure you had a lot of gas in a gas grill cook up a bunch of burgers Sit there and stick a straw in the cake and have a great time, man Christ Jan of water per person today. We're talking crazy people no wonder people go to the stores and they do all of these things all these irresponsible Unacceptable things with all those jugs Jugs can be hazardous to your health 567.0560 so I don't know if I should say this on the air. What so channel 10 just called yes and then thinking that they they're gonna give us a live person to talk Why do they have to do that? What is there? No, we don't have a live person that can talk to you, but we have something pre-recorded on tape if you want to You know I want us to play it over the phone for you. No, no No, well, why do we need that anyone that way? We're sitting here watching channels and we're monitoring you can put done no on right now and you're looking at the serve thing That works like fun. Okay. That's enough I just figured it's for we were gonna talk to somebody it would be a live person We weren't gonna play a stupid old tape But we're not gonna talk to anybody. Okay. We got all of stuff We need and then if we don't want to watch them we'll watch just some other guy damn channel on there Let's still watch channel 7 see what they're doing come on. Where's my guy damn thing on There you all there's a miscommand He's touching it Or the hurricane touches the floor to coast then we're talking instead of 75 80 mile in our winds We're talking maybe a hundred hundred twenty hundred thirty mile in our wind gusts and sustain winds at higher speeds as well So this could be a very dangerous scenario For parts of Florida and the guard cannot do it And then we're talking about go back to ten okay. I can't stand him Shut up already you idiot Shut up Like I said stick would done no stick You know covering up the eye would have to boil a little bit of blue cover it around and off of him Oh god, why would I hit that on the thing in here? Do I wish I pray? But again our our stuff here, you know everything is makeshift and we got an engineer who's got eight minutes He's he's overworked and underpaged and he's got to do this and he's got to do it and as always anything in his studio comes last Highest rated show but we come last no matter what it is we need near even a guy Damn little thing on the roof a little stick antenna stick or if you don't know where we're located We are directly across the street here on 441 from the antenna farm channel 4 channel 7 channel 10 all their antennas Their towers are right across the street you could stick your finger in your acting Still get up crystal clear picture that's how close they are But God forbid that we should have that thing hooked up until the our program directors in here this morning Running around like a chicken with its head cut off Here's a mobile in Miami hello any idea doing pretty good Gotta tell you story I work across from a publics and coral gable yes, sir. There's a city part the next to this Publics meter maids we're ticketing people for parking on the grass process street night where they could find Very nice, I mean the need of maids it was like shooting you know Ducción barrel They think they take it everywhere Yeah, you need your maids suck okay. I'll tell you that right now in a time of local emergency when people are in a crisis They don't have time to deal around because the parking spots are all filled up and you're right and tickets out there You embezzles you idiots you you subhuman cretons you All right, you stay safe. You're better now much better. Okay. Thank you Right and God damn tickets what's wrong with you people have a little rock monus for Christ He's have a little bit of human compassion can you find it in you? Oh, I didn't think so 560 505 60 see this is no different from usual here today. This is just like any other show same you know Pump it those numbers same with our jick response nothing God Thanks, the guy from Fritzko. I think he had a point 23 before noon at 560 WQM if you knew God I got the fever for the play from shingles New low fatching now with a third less poly guy situated monobudemates in that crap who were trying to sell you a few months ago In fact, I can't even believe the FDA let us get away with all the unhosem artery clugging crap Reloading into our potato plussies new low fat shingles lower and fat higher insult The warning some ingredients may erode the colon smell and test and lower abdominal law and are not biodegraded All human waste matter resulting from consumption of this product unless we dispose of using industrial grade steel bio has Your dog shingles potato chips are manufactured on the planet cryptone and are not recommended for students 143 at 560 WQM while here we hit 4,000 calls on there before the break now there are three 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's plantation. Hello Yes, hey doing it. Okay Over here in plantation. My ceiling fans picking up more wind than this hurricane. I believe it I got my fish food. I got my hand burglary. We got a couple of drinks here. We're hanging out. I'm also a fake Yeah, yeah, I want to thank Mayor King is for the day off And I just want to say to my buddy Richie What if you're self rich? Okay, thanks for the appreciation of observations. Whatever they were what he said 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line I'm about 10 seconds away from flipping on the audio from Channel 10 and sitting back in a chair lighten up a nice This doggy from next here's Boker hello Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I'm Just we just watched the back street boys premier video and have you seen it? Yes, oh that's right They got the video got came out yesterday. I forgot all about it on there. Oh my god You're not gonna be impressed What do you mean by that? Because it's like they're all in Star Wars gear and it's just a really cheesy video Yeah, it's uh I don't know I don't care about the video But hey, we were gonna go to the show the show. We heard is moved right? Oh, show is moved. Did he send her 5-6? And believe it or not we were just watching MTV and they said oh well you lucky bastards down afloat Are the concerts the opens up the tour opens up tonight? Yeah, what are they no one MTV? They got the same news department that we've got none right I'm watching limstick biscuit on right now He also had the new the new video. He's got a new video also came out yesterday You did Well anyway, we're having a couple drinks over here too and we're Haven't fun anybody want to come to me windows is like a plenty of stuff here. Okay. Thanks Yeah, but right time about five six seven. Oh five 60 like I said here's our lunch from Tony's thank you so much our good buddy Brad sins over 400 pizzas $50,000 worth of food God bless you Brad and the horse you rode in on 567 05 60 pound pounders. They were looking at two seconds to the pizzas around the table and they're Sam I never paid for anything in my life Sand douche bag sticking his head in the goddamn door make a picking up or Igor left off because he a blue town so to speak Yeah Igor couldn't be here to suck up pre-food because he blew town for Tampa. Oh my god What a lunatic what a crazy man, you know what exactly WQAM George is busy with the food hello Hello yes sir. I got the wrong number. I think okay Got the wrong number five six seven that's a second one in a week we're starting a lot of wrong numbers. Let's hear it Those phone lines busy baby What a lot of one That looks great with a fork WQAM lunches here hello Yeah, how are you pretty good sir? I have to agree with you on all your observations as far as the New stations yeah, I think that Don no He's excellent he's the best and the apps that That build come all man and I Don't know man. I got worth and he's no work fanches. I mean you know one of the just come out to Did you think they really want something bad to happen? I mean it you just they just look I mean He just makes me sick and then that other bitch next to him that Morey Jennings Did you sit on that chair like I mean it's like they wanted to turn to hit us you know I mean you ever get that impression it does like they don't care here's a mobile and color red yellow Mobile and color red Hey, yes sir. I'm not a mobile here's the color red. Not on a mobile. Okay. I knew Sunday, you know I read the paper there was an article on the sports section It said a brief interview with Dan Marina I think the second question asked it was by our Mondo second arrow or something like that. Yeah, and he asked him Would you rather win a Super Bowl or have your kids grow up and have this successful happy life And Dan's reply was why am I doing this? And I think it was like the eighth question he asked him is Four people I think it was jumping off of a bridge. Who would you say then the second one was this why I found Schulic and me Johnson and some that's favorite and I just wonder what kind of media what kind of people are running these crazy people? It's ridiculous it's sad But now you're the best keep it up and you're the worst of America's okay. God bless you sir five six seven Pound five sixty on a 18 T wireless line Same as it said before maximum gust 80 miles an hour. That's way way up there by cocoa beach Daytona you get away up there before you get the really big blow later on today That's what done no tell us right now arbitrarily but the mayor he's not too happy because it didn't work out his way just like that Penny sales tax election. I didn't work out his way He's not happy about that because he's like a spoiled little kid him and the keyerson he thought that he thought that once Mickey slipped in the Mickey that he could get anything done his way sorry sorry about that mayor wrong again Because you've got no credibility, okay? Because we're paying attention to Don and Bill come off and Brian a star crossed and What's his name roll instead of them and all these other people that's what they get paid to do they're the media Rologist okay, you're the punch you're the punch-a-law. Okay, Mr. Mayor nobody pays any attention to you on your bogus bull cramp Whip enough a bunch of history well a little bit disappointed because we're still not out of the woods you belong in the woods Okay, it's where you belong you and one met a yet a that parent on your shoulder And used to be a good guy before he became a guy damn pimps Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello Yeah, yeah, sir. I don't great listen, where I'm here for a lot of Dale and what would some friends and we're for riding this thing out pretty good We just want to tell you that we think that the media is doing a fine job and I mean they're doing everything they can They want to come agree. They want to keep an update on it and Hot prayers are with you. We know you don't mean to sound like you're really negative about it What do you your prayers are with me? What is that? We know we need to spread prayers are with you. We know you're making fun and And this is a crisis situation. We're all trying to pull together Crisis it to a what where is the crisis? Dale we just are pervert with you. We don't go. We're pulling out your ass So our prayers are with you our prayers pray for this. Okay, go pray for the sunshine somewhere Crazy person 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T wireless line here's Davey. Hello Good morning Neil. How are we doing? Another bad this try to convert the Jews yes, sir Are we doing it at anil okay for a risk anyway? I'm definitely glad that that's a Floyd turn north But I do feel for anybody who gets caught in the middle of a hurricane just like we did with Andrew back several years ago You know because the ends upon veins of dollars and damage like when what Andrew did Let's just say with let's just say with Floyd had it north that may have avoided another pain The damage the end dollar plus damn well that's not very profound. I mean that's pretty obvious, isn't it? I believe so I'm just glad that the same one won't have to worry about us this time But anyway, anyway, anyway, you continue to do what you do and you have a nice day. Okay, I'll pray for you. Is there okay? Whatever you said 560 505060. I mean listen if you expect me to sit here and be more But you've got enough other morbid people you want to see morbid people turn on the mayor again, okay? I'm here to do the show today. Okay, we had an option if we would have been gonna get something really bad here Today we would have turned on channel 10. We would all gone home because we got no weather wire We got no news wire. We got no news department. We have no contact with the human race Except for people that think that ball games are the most important things in the world That's all we know here at QA. I'm okay, and I'm not gonna see her and pretend at any other wise But we looked out we caught our frickin break thank the Lord. Thank oh god That's right and thank Don though for putting his two cents in two And so I'm gonna be here to help you make two four hours of this god damn day while you're sitting back to making a few Whatever you're drinking out there bottled water or whatever's in a bottle And don't forget before you return the bottle of the store tomorrow be sure and pee into the few times Here's a mobile in amontura hello Any other morning. I'll be here too and back to you. Remember the other day you said Why do people why do people buy the drinking water? Right? Yeah, why do people buy water not like soda or anything And anybody ever have an answer no Okay because people are stupid because on television they don't say they don't say go out and buy a whole bunch of soda Or go out and buy a whole bunch of beer or a bunch of Logan David wine. They're telling you to buy water So people go out and buy water. I know it's amazing. You play that car. No 567560 no no no no. How do you like that? And pound five 60 on the 18 T a while call up a laughin okay call up radio 1900 on the amdell See if they'll play you think so. No. I don't think so Even as friendly as they are in cooperative is there and as nice as they want to treat everybody down there with their small tiny select audience I'll bet you maybe they got a real sales department down there though, which is something we don't have I saw Todd Drek standing there in a hallway and hovering in the background taking up space interfering with people's work or about now or go Have we seen any other sales people up here taking care of their accounts today? Oh letting us know who's the open and who's closed and who's naughty and who's nice? No and who's on first? No God forbid Because we can't be worried about those things because that would be you know setting a bad president here Here's sunrise. Hello This is Brian. How you doing? Okay, I just want to say that I didn't plan about 20 years and haven't seen too many hurricanes here but I want to how much taxes they've collected over the time period Telling people about hurricanes by this by that and you wrote his stores and everything's blown out. I mean that Kind of you know fish it's a name What do you think about that you think that Might be hitting something right now? No, no, no Oh You know I've never seen hurricane here. I mean I didn't miss the intro Was up no I didn't mean I was here. I didn't miss I didn't miss it. I was here But I do feel for all those people but I just think that they glowed out of proportion I think actually crap. How do you like that Brian? I think you're full of crap Let me say it again. We had this big gigantic category four on the verge of five one mile a one hour away from being five for hours and hours and hours One of the biggest ever seen is close to landfall in history mankind and this guy's saying they blow it out of proportion I say you're full of crap. How do you like that Brian? I say you don't know your uh back to from your elbows what I say Oh yeah, it's a conspiracy the media is in league with a business people so we can collect more tax money sales tax money on the lumber of the water that's your button anybody believe that no By the way, is there sales tax on drinking water? No, I don't think so 560 50560 on a 18T wireless line everybody's paranoid everybody else a plant it's a this into that And here's the guy that wasn't even here during Andrew doesn't know a hurricane from his ass Doesn't even have any idea what his like to survive and believe me. I'm lucky I lived up in Northborough We got 80 mile an hour winds where I was wasn't down there in South David with those poor bastards whose lives were destroyed During Hurricane Andrew, okay, and like Sally fits in Right Yeah, we're a Sally when we need her during these emergency days, huh? Do you give us some real profound advice like Thanks, Sally We're over here praying for your Sally that maybe the permit is gonna get it out this time Five minutes before noon at 560 WQM house Coming soon to with the internet you a new sands film production Star Wars the 40 minutes starring George R. Things Obi-Wan Big Holy Use the spray and said I master himself odor Much I do and catch up with the evil death paper Oh And the hot belt confrontation between death paper and a son Luke are your thoughts Star Wars the 40 minutes also includes everyone's favorite Freud. I do number two and see three p.u I agree I do number two Yes, no to Luke three key. How about the courtesy flush and all your favorite Star Wars characters in Star Wars supporting minutes Including Princess Leia one and Princess I'm a delting one Corsion this movie has been rated p-u Cause it's thanks From a one at five 60 WQM happy Tuesday today. We're making a making do you know I'm saying we're doing the best that we can't stay Octavito idiots you they keep showing all these swimmers and these surfers and these pump kids okay Probably you'll never see any of them again. You're gonna be dead But have a good time 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's Pemberg fine. Tilo Pemberg fine. Hi, Neil. I'm sorry to bother you. You're very busy. I just got out of that mean. I know no no I just got out of a carnival cruise this Sunday and the ship was paradise I really didn't understand it. It was a boat load of Cubans Yeah, they are the I they are the worst people that I've ever come in contact with When they started to sing God bless America They did not open their mouth when we passed the little island of Cuba. They were crying If they love it so much why don't they go back okay grand buddy had a good time 5605 I mean here we are in the middle of this major crisis were praying for each other It is kind of same old tired soft load of crap. He hates the Cubans. They hate him. Okay Too bad to guide them ship didn't think that's all I can say in your case, bro Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. I know you're busy, but let me express my hatred and content That'll teach you to get on a cruise ship at a first place you moron because once you get on your your captive audience And then you find out you run it with a whole bunch of people that you don't like and they don't like you How do you like that? So I'm glad you had a crappy time. Maybe you won't do it again, but 560560 got 500 open lives here. This is just like any other day on this show nothing special going on here We got a big blow going on there on the outside Got a big captive audience out there almost nobody's working nobody's in school. Did change anything on this show? No same old crap Same old pump those numbers pump it pump it We have a throw that channel 10 already one here all the ornamental of a spot right now for David's bridal shop So we can sit back here and eat this great pizza from Tony's and in peace god. This is great stop Brad I'm telling you Tony's is it's right up there at the top man. It's even with the wow It's better every time thanks Brad God bless you and everybody's enjoying the two all the punks around here having a good time with it Too bad Igor turn into a real pussy and and turn the tail and ran to Tampa because of the storm you can be enjoying a free lunch today Probably over there at stake and shake right now By the way anybody ever hear any more about no, they can shake out by me now here's candle hello Oh, Neil yes, it's rolling over here. Oh my god Neil Yeah, it's your city It's unbelievable the stupidity of all these people down here They have people calling poverty managers and asking them about the flowers and plants out on the street that might blow and rip their house apart It is unbelievable it's driving them nuts and they won't stop calling them and I mean the waters turned off They have to call them bothered him It's like this stupidity of these people. Yeah one word for them take a chair at call honey 567. 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line we're plugging away here not too successfully either by the way All the lunch is great here's a mobile and home stand hello Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I went through a hurricane Andrew I was one of the people that I probably didn't believe the hurricane was coming went through hell I seem like a freight train going through our house. I was prepared with the hurricane season coming in This hurricane here. We're very fortunate that it did not hit us right there's a lot of people that don't realize A amount of damage that could have happened I believe you know we still got to keep praying for the people off a little more north of us But are we gonna we gotta keep praying for them? Well, I mean I would the hurricane Andrew And it wasn't you know, it wasn't nothing fun. I know there's a category five almost I know went down a hundred and forty five months for our you know I did this what I hit us directly this would have made some serious damage first rock Also was only part hit with Andrew so we had Miami which has maybe 30 minutes away with all the supplies We needed this would have wiped off basically the whole East Coast supporter which would have pretty much You know had a very serious damage and supplies now. I was ready with supplies. There was a lot of people out there Yesterday going crazy looking for stuff. I was at home getting ready for the dolphin game Why because I was ready people need to be aware you live in Florida you need to be ready for hurricane And I mean you got four months of season so I mean I just really believe this is a Something people need to be aware of it prepared for now But it's going to be the hurricane shutters up to the end because it's so damn lazy They don't want to even take them off. Well, I shouldn't leave them up. They got this good right on the S. and this why should they be taking supplies back which would be illegal in the first place And why do they take the shutters down when we got another one right on the S. and this one sir I believe it's correct, but I mean that's just what you know the people I mean last last season It happened the hurricanes were left all wet to Faber right people leaving hurricane shutters up. I mean I agree leaving the hurricane shutters up for the whole season That's great. Well, I mean this you know going out and getting there getting in the hurry People should have been ready for this way before this okay, listen. I'll pray for you. Thank you 5670560 pound. I'm praying for myself is what I'm praying for that I can make you two or clocked I think there's a chance. Oh, I done it. Oh Fuck, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you know instead of you know adopting a positive attitude like we dodge the bullet here You know, and it looks like we're gonna come out just okay and it could have been in like the guy said it could have been a nightmare And like they were saying last night if this would have been two or three weeks earlier in August But we wouldn't have had that cold front sweep and down from Canada with that real strong Cold air to blow this thing in a more normally direction we'd have been in real deep front But we're not That's the good things you know what have been should have included but the fact is that there were some people out there who are gonna learn to listen and there's some other people I guarantee we haven't heard of today because they don't have the balls. We had just a one guy They don't have the balls to calling me a son then it's about the media overreacting because the media didn't overreact Because when you're sitting there looking at this gigantic enormous category almost five hurricane with 155 mile an hour wins And when it's that guy damn close and they're telling you well, maybe this and maybe not in the model shows this But you never know it's a you've got to be some kind of a moron not to be very very concerned, okay? So what that last guy say anyway 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the 18t line 12 away to 2 AM Hey there, this is Wisconsin Al for trapping fever. The NOI just got back from seeing nodding hill Now what is a deal with that Julia Roberts lips? Does she have two bottom lips on that face of hers? Anyways, today we want to talk about the white 2K problem and what to do with that beaver you may have trapped During that time you may discover that there is no power after the number 31 now there's two things you can do You can build a wood fire in your backyard and that may be possible, but you do need to expect to be eating some raw beaver during that time And speaking from experience raw beavers pretty good right Eddie and you can learn more about this from getting my new book Eating Beaver raw Hey, Eddie, that's not the beaver I was talking about This is Wisconsin Al for trapping beaver see you again 12 13 at 5 60 WQAM have we had one facts by the way about anything going on out there or not going on or no One did just one Panther game in four miars canceled and I Backstreet boys cancer tonight end of our cancel till these summer fifth and six Permutuals close today Airlines close in left and right most notably American United and U.S. care 5 60 70 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in North Miami hello Hello, yes, man. Hi, I'm the ring Prince I have orders from my boss I have orders from my boss and my boss has God and he wants me to tell you that I'll see you in heaven Okay, great moron 5 670 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line we're praying for you all over lintious nuts Come on a it must have been God that's right We're gonna get spared but the people in the Carolina is where we're gonna get it They're gonna be people gonna buy their homes are gonna get wiped out the people in the Bahamas some of me the Lutheran the Abacos they're getting nailed Because God is very selective or maybe some people here just prayed a lot harder than those he didn't bastard in those places You think that might have been it I never thought of that they're just praying harder Or maybe we got the right number and they don't Here's a lady in Boka hello. Hey uncle Neil what the hell was that? I'm moron Just you were talking about keeping your shutters up Definitely isn't Grit supposed to be here this weekend in a few days. Yeah. Yeah, yeah So why go through the trouble of taking them all down to put it up again right and why would anybody want to take stuff back? Well, we got it's only the middle of September. We got two months to go absolutely I agree Been here since I was two I'm 34 now so figure it out. You know, we've read now a lot of these storms But you just have to be prepared. I think that every store that sells anything that could even conceivably the used for hurricanes applause should have big gigantic signs saying no refunds on hurricane supplies under any circumstances Under penalty a dead I'll tell you this fears and town center. They won't let you return generators or power tools or anything like that Good. Yeah Good for them absolutely but anyway I'm glad you're here. You're all right. All right. What's here? Bye bye 567. 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless lines because anybody who looked outside by the way is it What is it besides gray and the small cloudy by rain and No, I mean listen far be it from me To suggest we ought to have some contact with the outer world even if it's right out here on 441 and I have theory road God for bits Which is very close to the county line road A periscope we're on the top floor. Yeah, let's get a periscope. Oh, let's get a pair 567. Oh 560 pound five maybe orange in here can get around to that after he's up there while in same time He's up on the roof stick at our little land 10 up there that you take them about what 15 minutes maybe at the most Here's Miami Beach, hello And they're lying six. I'm telling you this phone Miami Beach, hello Yeah, listen, I don't know the much of our local politics. Can you tell me a little bit about the mayor? No 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Let me tell you this about the mayor. Okay, sir. He's an asshole. Here's a mobile and homestead hello Mobile and homestead That's got the radio on and back and we can't wait for here's a mobile and David. Hello Neo, yes, sir. How are you okay? Listen it's about time and Canadian did something to help us out in South Florida Mean what well they said that cold front down. Oh, don't you got yeah, we dodge the bullet. Yeah, I never thought about that Let's hear that let's play okay, and a few times all right Can't I can yeah All right, that's all I got thanks for the good news there you go pay back as a bitch Well, it's almost talky season. You know, maybe that had something to do with you think so no Okay 600 open lines here 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line desperate is the word I'm looking for We should you know what I should adjust at home. We could have both stayed home part of that channel for Yeah, I stuck this spot in there Been kind of embarrassing since it's not doing too much out there yet, but you know What is yours help beat this here's a mobile and Hollywood hello? Yeah, Neo by the way with you know this Brian some air for long time Brian Norcross Is I start blinking really bad and Guy I came on I understand this was for week with that I said have a nice day Here's Miami Beach, hello Miami Beach yeah, you want to wear report. I'm here in a beach only good things everyone left here, but I want to report on why you want to report on the outside world yeah I'm looking at the ocean right now. Yeah, and it's still there. It's still there. I'll be goddamn. I think we'll be all right Okay, all of people praying why don't they pray to Neo God and just go to plan for until they turn that thing away Okay, pal who created it get back in the water 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line it's either me or it's the audio from channel 10 you make up your mind boys and girls on next couple of minutes here I mean the great lunch from our buddy Brad over at Tony's thanks again Brad this is the only thing I made it worthwhile coming in today Here's cutlery, chill out. I need a little on the mail man. Thank you post office for paying me to stay on today Uh-huh I've been much as a lot now. That's something it's amazing much to do about nothing. I think I'm gonna do my yard after your show Okay, bye bye. Okay, you haven't we have a good time Yeah, I mean you're talking about overreacting in fact. How come they're canceling stuff for tomorrow Based on stuff that was supposed to happen today. They're hurricane as we speak right now is obviously north of Miami. Okay, it's still over 200 miles to our east. It's moved north of Miami Because based on the 11 AM coordinates it was 25.4 north latitude Which is just about I think Miami 25.7 And another hour or two it'll be north of Rower County in a couple of hours. So what are they talking about? What is the mayor doing on there? Pappa pappa pappa going like This is a plundity is because people are overreacting getting psychotic. I thought the idea of a community leader is to try to keep everybody calm to get them to do the appropriate things What it's time to evacuate like yesterday what he said you go out there and you do your things and I said Not to get everybody worked up into a frenzy Which is what he wants because that makes him into a big shot that's what one man to get a probably told him Here's a mobile in north-loaderdale. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great Traveling from Boca south not too bad. I 95's pretty clear. Yeah, right in just a little bit want to ask you what's up with the makeup on Waterdale and Christy Kruger on channel 10 was it my TV or did those guys look like a red or real bad makeup I think the word you're looking for is mummified in Dwight's case Yeah, look do pancakes That's where his mummy and they kept pointing a Dwight Christy Kruger looked like a little red cool like they sprayed I don't even know who that is I know I know Diane Magnum was dressed up like a cheap poker right saw that You see her I mean, I haven't got them hurricane. She's dressed up like she's going to a costume party or something What was that? Christian look like she sprayed the Sun tan stuff all over except for her Why she took what 20 spears didn't get the other night the MTV was okay. Thank you. I don't even know who Christy Kruger is you know who that is I don't know who that is 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line quite frankly I don't give a crap how any of them looked I'd like I said before I think most of them did a pretty good damn good job And they were on there from around noon yesterday or before then all the way through the afternoon all the way through the night all the way through the over night They're still on noon. I go on bap bap bap I think I'm most into the pretty good job nice going guys And it's our damn rare day in uh hell when I'll tend to that but I think they did a pretty damn good job Especially done oh and the others Here's four lotterdale hello Hey Neil yes sir. I'm feeling the effects of the storm as we speak in four lotterdale. Yeah my cable's out Really yeah, you know my cable went out about five 15 yesterday Luckily for only about four five minutes and I thought here we go with media one again There's not a cloud in the sky yet and already they're practicing but it stayed on luckily I wish four lotter had a mirror like a mayor pinga So he could tell me what to do when my cable goes out. Yeah. That's good point. You know so what I'm gonna do My house is a tomb I have shutters on every window. Yeah. I'm gonna turn off all the lights Take a nice power nap if all sleep listen to the Neil God. Okay. God bless you. Thank you sir. I'll pray for you all right. Okay Yes matter of fact somebody who was your last night talking about uh I think it was a little Brian talking about going into the closet You think you might be going back oh boy. Yeah, I'm serious people were calling in with questions the channel for And somebody asked about yours at a safe place to hide in a bathtub in this place in a car in the garage or in the closet He said he prefers it in the closet Is what Brian said 560 5050 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line can't as much macho that's our pull question today little Brian or a bill come on Here's Helen Dale hello Hey, yes sir. Yeah Where did so long for what I had to say but uh that's all right. Okay. I'm time all right Yeah, okay. That was it Thank you till like 15 20 seconds five six if we can just get about 2 300 of those between now and 2 will have it lit 560 50560 that's our toll free number for all the whole world and pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile and perine hello Okay, sir. I was through Andrew and everybody whining about the member state Clark The F&T mayor and the words the cavalry from Kate Neil and all that yeah, yeah, I don't know Even mayor are mayor wanted me to just try and make up for last crowd. Oh, is that what it is? I don't know can you do like Steve Clark and just go What's the filter to and leave us alone? It's gonna be a matter of time. Have an excellent meal. Okay, and back to you Sound like you're down in the barrel or in color rage while course they've had their problems five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello Hello me. Oh, yes We want to thank you for being on the radio today. Yeah, this audience like the guy said from Frisco that Faggot they called before This audience doesn't appreciate I could have stayed home that it easily you could have That fact if I were to stay out the whole rest of the staff would have had the day off if I would have had enough balls to say We're not coming in tomorrow Really glad you did I have a question to ask you how many more days do we have to go without writing right Today's number three yeah, and especially now that we can't get CBS on the big satellite dish anymore It's pretty that's the fine. Yeah, so Friday was tennis we missed it then right If you have vehicles working coverage and today again. Yeah And remember I still don't want to go home. How do you like that great love story, huh? I don't know what a crazy bitch. I'm excited to do so too pathetic Well look who the mother is That's very true. But anyway, we just want to say do like a zunga to the uh whatever comes in But I just like to comment has been jails me listening right now in the house with me a douche one okay I'll pray for you. Thank you. I'll say a couple of brazos for you. Thank you so much. Yeah, right Let's pray for the glam out there. Come on to back this their praying for the Jews all our shoes. Let's pray for the glam Our hands together for the glam okay or let's just defeat me the lions 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 1225 a QM like I said our sales department out there they've been in touch with us. I mean all through the morning here haven't they been No, right on top of it. No telling us who's open who's closed what's going on with her account. Oh no I mean there are three people in the sales department. I was especially embarrassed for screw-in Okay because you got a bunch of like kindergarten children here sales department Who will do absolutely you know what that's the model here at QA in we basically have a situation and I'm not exaggerating when I say this It starts right at the top with a management and works all the way down People will only do what you force them to do Whether it's legally or by whatever means by threats people here will only do what you force them to do They won't just automatically like it's part of their job do something is that ever happened? No So thank you sales department for keeping us totally in the dark on stuff From some people by the way who are spending a lot of money on this radio station every week every year I know a flower in the sales department of that other joint up at 2200 on a radio dial I'd be hopping on some of those people right away saying how can get to some service no audience but to service anyway Okay, everything 26 pass no to QA M you better My I kid you all like good little Sinkers that but little sound becomes right out you think Want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about My brain's all gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which class girl I'm gonna fart on Dr. Dreas you'll measure past Yeah, no what was Well, it's age 12 it seems like I always smell that Ripon Jackson just was pretty swear I got this off when I took my jeans off and fought it so hard into my under my backwards Like Chris Crock and every night. I'm like oh dinner there This only Peppa Mm Shut up in the face with my baby the worst happened later When I covered his desk, he was taller than Faper. He walked in his dress club, my chest was fulfilled, I moved the bar ten, he took a dozen of tip-cour. Went over to a dancer, had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up, and I didn't shoes a photo. He died in 19th and my life I was lied to. I just found out, my mom got all gas at her. I told her I'd throw up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about her and he knows this. They don't look crap. You know you would dare when the women rush to leave. I won't sit on the back but you won't need it to relieve. This guy, my chest was set up, pretty cool. But I had to go, go drop the gears off and move. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. Thank you. Qual 33 at 5.60, WCM here, as much as we like you done done. No. As much as we like you, the fact that you're standing in front of the state that we see where the eye is, okay? You see that big brown eye? Yeah, that's the one. But it would be nice to see where in relationship we know it was already evil with Miami. Like where it is in relationship with Howard, as the continues will be on the northwest soon to be a do North course. Any standing right in front of the penis, or a damn it? 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050 on the AT&T line. Here's Holly, would he? Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how are you doing Neil? All right. Hey, what do you think about that? It's dolphin game yesterday. I don't. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Neil, it may be. Yes, sir. What about Howard? Yeah. All right. Let me ask you a question. What is on the paper? Why does it take longer to pump the last 15 cents a gas than it does for first $20? What? Meaning the pops from some stops when this is this is the kind of thing that you spend with your life worrying about. That's the kind of thing you spend your time worrying about, pal. I would say that was solve all your problems right now. Easy and painless quick. solve our problems, too. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in, what is that? Norland. Hello. I'd work for the post office. How are you doing today? Great. No mail. Where's our mail, dammit? About, it was so cute this morning because you know this new station that I'm not going to mention. Why not? 610, right? Oh my, 610. Right. They told us that. Wild. Oh, I hate that station. Yeah. They told us to listen in so that we need to go to work this morning. Right. So I'm listening from about before 530. Finally, about 6 o'clock, they say. Yes, postal work is a supposed to report for work. And so I said, well, I guess I get my flat out of bed and go. So the cute thing is my daughter works over in Hollywood, which was a evacuation area. She said, she has to go in a little later than me. I said, they gave us this hot hurricane. Watch it. Hotline. Her hot hurricane hotline, yeah. Right. I said, well, why don't you call and see if they want you to go in over there, right? So she calls it. And they say, no. They didn't update it. They said, call tomorrow. Oh, they had a recording. That's nice. So when did they final let you know about 10 o'clock is what I heard? They let us go about 10 o'clock, right? Oh, so in other words, you already went in and they sent you home. Right. We went in and we chased now. Which we're going to do with the more. Yeah. After you threw right, fling through it. I hope there's some good checks in there for you. It's so you know what those envelopes look like. You know the government checks. Right. But the two thing on this radio station, they said, we need to report. The bosses are going to have a meeting at eight o'clock and let us know what's going on. After we already are in there, right? When the girl let us go home. Let's not be fully. I want a long way. How they fall into the bottom. It just makes me very happy to see it. Right. We don't spend it all in one place. There's our letter carriers. They're right from through our mail now because they went to work. They took this stuff home. They're giving them extra time to go through it. It would be like the luggage people at the airport having the day off today. Maybe some of those people. They can take some of the luggage that's laying around. You know, take it home and go shopping at home and then bring it back. You know, it'll be a lot lighter. They could try the stuff on. Yeah. See if it fits. Or they can just take it to the pawn shop. Sign in. We can add in them to it. Five six and don't forget. All right. Oh, man. I'll tell you my head is just splitting from these people. Five six, seven, oh, five, 60. How five, 60? Or maybe I need a good banana split. You know what? Well, that sounds like heaven. God, I haven't had a banana split in years. You think it's a public open today? Do we know? Is the supermarket open? We don't know. We don't know anything. Let's look at the window. And oh, seriously, I want you to understand. We know nothing. We know absolutely positively nothing. Just like yesterday, I last night on Channel 70 had some been bet in one of the home deposes. I guess the one are open. And she's going on under the show and all the people in their lot of shfarts is by the way. But anyway, all these people by their lumber and doing this stuff and going frantic. And she says, oh, by the way, home depot will be open tomorrow. And they'll have to probably close at some time to remedy the rest of the shows. But they will be open tomorrow. And Rick snatches comes on and says, oh, by the way, Vicki, have they indicated whether they're going to be open tomorrow at all? And I'm thinking, oh, God, go back out there on the dock of the bay. OK, Ricky, just squat over at one more time. Maybe the winds will blow the big blow in the right direction. We can all say, oh, Floyd, it's up in great. No wind, Dixie, no public. But people said that some Albertians were open. But why is that? Why is public's close today? I guess I'm going to have to go to my gas station to get fish food or something like that. What a bunch of crap that is. A lot of people overreacting. And I think the mayor may have had something to do with it. I don't want to start pointing the accusatory finger with him. Or one, Medietta, our good post personal buddy from back in the WI. B days. I don't want to start pointing my finger with them causing some people overreact a little bit. I guess, well, all their employees they had to have the day on. How about out by me, there? Those employees live the East you think. The ones who live out way out there who work in the, by the saw grants. Oh, I doubt it. I mean, how come they don't have a little bit of rock on us? How come they don't say, well, this thing is going to pass us by. We'll be open from like 3 to 11 today to serve the public. Why don't they do that? Those in I make a lot of sense. We'll be open from like 5 to 11 this evening. See, we can replenish your fish food and get a bunch of good crap. Are they doing that? No. 21 before 1 in 5 60 WQM or look at the congratulations. Get a lot. It's 1245 with 5 60 WQM. I just want to say this again. They keep showing these asshole punks over there on a hall over beach. It's not funny. It's not amusing. It's not fun. It's pathetic. And some of us are starting to get kind of sorely about it. And we'll see what all die on you idiots out there. I'll use suicidal morons. Luna, Dick's crazy people. See, I don't understand. They're giving out warnings for this $50 tickets. They give you a ticket. And you have to pay a citation. 50 bucks. Why don't they arrest these people? This is a locally emergency situation. Why don't they go in there and arrest them? They give them a warning first. And then they arrest their ass and they lock them away because they're danger to themselves. Or should we just let them drown you think? Uh-huh. Okay. 5 60 50 50 50 50 50 60 on you. Are we just pray for them? Let's pray for all those idiotic kids. They're still but what to stand. Okay. That's they're going to get blown away. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, thank you very much. It's so nice to have a real live person to talk to none of you. You called me earlier today and it was a very brief call of seems to me. No, you didn't. Okay. That's the last one brother. And none of this syndicated crap that they have on the other stations. And second of all. So I have never talked to one person who was listening to W.A.F. and the Waff and I haven't spoken to one person. A sports nerd and I'm a person and anybody who's ever listened to that decide maybe very Jack Edge. Well, my dog likes it because he likes to hi-frequency. Yeah. Yeah. And everybody's calling and praying today. You know, I was praying. You could play the Polish share. The one? The Polish share music. You believe in love, you know. Okay. Thanks. See you. Okay. 5 60 50 50. He's talking about the instrumental thing, right? Which you have memory service correct. Oh, it's on a disk. I don't have it in there. Okay. One more please. Why did I have that dictionary? Why? There's a lot of crap on it. Yeah. Put channel 10 on there first. How long do you think you can do that? A lot of that could be just three weeks. Don Irman. I love his story. I think this is getting to die down. Get a little more quiet at this point. How bad did it get though? What point? There he is. How long of that time did you have the roaring wind and the song? Yeah. You're off of there. Okay. What did you say about the flaming what? What was she talking about? Oh. Okay. What brings that Christy Cooper that's on channel 10 right now. She hit on the screen right now. What they got a thing in the hurricane of the eye. Speaking of eyes, is she the cross I want it's on right now? Oh, yeah. The cross I want. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I love the Cheroke songs that it's hilarious. Anyway, it's a song with a board man. Well, I'm sitting home with my girlfriend today. The only thing we're watching. We're listening to you watching channel 10 and I'm trying to get her give me a low job to the hurricane. It does. But she's saying her key for it. And I can't find it. Then it's open. And so. Yeah. But anyway, Neil. Yeah. I like color. And if you take these Mickey Moyters, you are a douchebag. Oh, Jewish. I'm not. They're good at you. I'm not. No chance. Call up Monica. She's the only Jew that we found other than that. I don't want to mention your name. Because he's put up with it. Five six seven. Why? Plus those were only rumors. Anyway. A lot of stories. You know, how those kids are. A lot of stories. Talk a lot. Don't do too much. Five six seven. Five sixty pound. Five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, yeah, great. Yeah, appreciate you going on today. We're just here. We decided to turn from the TV to your station. Right. Yeah, appreciate you putting that A-N-S-O-N. I just turned off the volume in the restaurant. Back to what? That'll do it. Yeah, man. We were all here down with the attic on the work. What about the eye of the hurricane, concentrate on twerking, and scrape it a big round eye? That's right. Well, I appreciate you going on today. OK. Yeah, we'll be there. And the bacteria. There's a guy that appreciates my being here for him today. OK, and a day when I could have very easily said, oh, it's going to be bad. Tomorrow, bluff. I spoke to bluff yesterday. I could have said, well, you know, it don't look too good. We better make contingency plan. Just open up the pot and put channel 10 on there. Get off your stuff. But I don't do that. I'm not one of those slacker jokes. OK, in fact, I'm used to being here. I'm used to being useful on these days. Am I useful today? No. No, only for amusement sake. Because like I said, not a fax, not a phone call, not a telegram, not a letter, not a note slip of the door from anybody in the world about anything, because this radio station is so removed from the real world. You know what, we're in, eh, Lala Land. We're in the world of ball games of make believe. That's what we're in the world of. Yeah. Yeah. Because Greg Reed is, you know, he's five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. He's pulling up another notch in his thing. I'll tell you that right now. Right, though. Yeah, that's where he's putting it. Here's homestead, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. You heard anything about that cruise ship that looks. I saw that Disney ship. Yeah, what happened to him, man? I don't think you see it in no more. I'll throw the crap with that, then. That water, man. I've been waiting for you all. Have you ever seen crackers in the water? No, not like they only vote for a few minutes. OK, pal. We saw that was yesterday, right? Was during the show. They showed these crazy people on this big Disney cruise ship. And they were leaving from somewhere up the coast. And they're trying to make it down a cosmo. OK, well, we're going to try to beat this storm. Your things are going to be that no, we'll see them. No more, like Paulian, Godfather, one. They sleep with the fishes. Crazy people. People getting on cruise ships. We're not talking about three or four days while this thing is out there. You know, in the middle of the Atlantic. We're talking, it's like a few miles out there. It's in the Bahamas already. And we got people on cruise ships. Well, let's see if we can just beat that sucker. OK, you think we can do it? No. Well, let's give it a shot anyway. Like these asshole kids out there at Halleauver Beach. They should, look at that. There they are again. And you know something, the word here's Lieutenant Ronald Breck put him on. The crap out there, the hangers, because they'll get destroyed when the storm passes. So people really need to get away from the water at this point because it's extremely dangerous. It sounds like you had quite a big tap to secure all. And here's some serious, the oil and the oil on. There's a car looking at that in the water. We started preparing to deter a cane. It's really inspired data. Oh, there's a little kid out there. Yeah, we're the parents for some little kid that's out there right now that's going to wind up going out to see. Huh? Like Natalie Wood going out to see with a tide. Oh, and that's another great line. Rick Sanchez had life. Oh, what time is high tide? Not to the clock. Round there. I don't know, I'm serious. They're about three or four times when they almost laughed him out of the studio last night with his any inquisions. Here is a man who knows nothing other than being melodramatic in a very phony ass way. Here is a man who knows nothing who is dangerous. I'm surprised that when he was over there leaning over to God, they have a sea wall on the edge of a this game bay there by where we used to a park back behind the old I would say, I'm surprised we didn't see a foot on Rick's spectrum. Oh, they won't see it no more. Man overboard. God, I was praying to see that. Talk about praying for you. Don't take it personally. Rick, unless you want to invite away that guy still don't feel too good. You know, the one you hit in front of the stadium after you had a couple of good. Here is Volca. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't know. Great. Thanks for coming in. I'm a little carrying a bokeh. And like in the lady, we were told to come into work. But a 10 o'clock, they sent us out in the street. Good deliver mail. Oh, they did. Oh, yeah. So I don't know if you come to people in Volca where you guys are going to get the worst wins. You're getting 40 to 80 mile an hour, winds up in Palm Beach County. And we're all to get in 30 to 60 in Brower at 20 to 40 in date. Somebody ought to get 10 to 20 for that. Well, I don't know what to do. How much difference to complete a conditions can be from Palm Beach to a Brower County. Yeah. You know, you're talking like that. The Brower County people don't want to deliver our mail. But the people out there in Palm Beach are doing their duty. Like that old saying goes to your rain and storms and Hurricane Cliff Lloyd. You know, you think at the little confusion that they had send the letter carriers to work after Andrew, right? You know, that they would have learned that they had had some kind of plan. Right. Like no plan. No, that's where it goes. That's how they do it. Everybody know that might be on a office basis or a city basis. So check in. I'll go up to Volca and get some mail. Okay, do that. Thanks. Bye. Okay, let's go up and rifle through the mail in Volca. Okay, we can't get any in date and Brower. Now, what's the story for tomorrow? By the way, the school's going to be closed tomorrow. You think they are? They've already decided that. I think they said the next two days. No, no, don't say you think. Well, I thought that's not the way they do. I'm going to do what I'm going to show. Okay, we think they're close forever. I'm pretty uncertain. Yeah, you're pretty uncertain. And by the way, you know, I hate to break the news to some of you idiots out there who usually look on a regular school, they go racing through the school zone out there by the ball by the stadium. And I've dairy road just east of the stadium. Yeah, on a school day, they go through their 67 miles an hour with the lights flashing and kids trying to cross the street in the crossing guards. Have them nervous breakdown. But today, so the lights were flashing because it's automated. Okay, it's not a timer. And there's somebody else slowing down, slamming on their brakes, slowing down. Are there any crossing guards? Are there any kids? Are there any cars parked in the lawn? No, is there any school? No, is anybody with a brain? No, that. You just take a look at the behavior. Of these people behind the wheel. And you realize what a tremendous 23 years I've been here. Forget about surviving on the air in this day at times. Forget about that part. Just surviving driving as in just about every day of my life with a bunch of crazy people who are coolest, coolest, and that's under perfect conditions. That's under ideal situations, much less whatever's going on right now, the big blow. Here's Miami. Hello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. I wanted to ask you, um, you have, you've mentioned that you had two dogs at home. Uh-huh. Yeah. Are you okay? Yes. Like you? Yeah. No, like you. More like you. Little boogatones. Have a boogatone carrier. And then the other ones are frowning hound. 560, 0560, pound 560, 118. Oh, by the way, speaking of those great bed and jury flavors, is not the a new flavor browning hound. I think that's it. Uh-huh. Oh, no, you knew our super fun stuff. Well, that's close. Chunky monkey, like the last caller. Fish food, cherry gars, see a triple caramel, chunks of them, pick and pie. One thing you can do, even though the supermarkets are closed right now, let me give you a little tip, a little bit of advice. Head for your nearest convenience store or gas station, because they're all open to the, you know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Here they are. And you'll find in a freezer compartment, Ben and Jerry's just about everywhere. What about Walgreens, by the way, an acreage? Are they open to native we know that we have any idea we don't know? Because if they are, they also both of those are changed. Stockpin and Jerry's up the old back dome all over the place. Because everybody in the world loves Ben and Jerry's made with all natural ingredients, pure Vermont cream, big chunks of great sweet stuff. And never any preservatives or artificial negatives, you're going to love Ben and Jerry's. So like you're kind of locked in the house, they're your captive audience. You know, go down the street to the convenience store, gas station, stock up on 15, 20, 30 pints of fish food, get 15 or 20 of those fish sticks to decide the over-in between bites and have yourself a party. It's the real deal, or you check out the Ben and Jerry's scoop shots and have a pure Montenegro beach. If we had a real sales department, we know if they're open to the day too. This is 560, Julia. Okay, I'm fucking low. Oh, the water's too loud! Oh, great work. Oh, so like that. I'm queer, and by definition, I'm a fact who likes to involve. I'm here to encourage the fish on, it's not on. Are you ready to jump in the mountains, it's the law? Just don't lie, it's easy, it's just kill your fish down. So like the fur of fish brown high. In the sun, brown high high high high high in the field. There's no one. There's no one. There's no one. There's no one. There's no one. There's no one. Oh, do I? There's no one. There's no fish, people. I've gotten money. Better did you do what I was сам. I found the two are sick, cut. I like the two are a trend. I've worked that for a while. I'm like the guy's so proud of his heart. I'm so proud of my time. I don't get so much more on his death. I don't know what he's doing. He's like the boy who's doing that for a while. So that's all that. I'm like the guy's so proud of his heart. I'm like the guy's so proud of his heart. I'm like the guy's so proud of his heart. Well, you fudge back in? 105.6. You're going to get you back in the old days and WI. I used to give you all the information in the school. Closeings and all the other crap. And now we're just here to, uh, let's go around because we don't know anything. Here on QM and I guess that's the best way. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Ignorant is bliss. Here's Weston. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, Tony Segretta was talking about, you know, it's still day in prison. And there's still dangerous conditions. Then he says it's passing over the Grand Bahamas. Let's see. We can get that woman on the phone. We talked to two hours ago. Yeah. How are they going to have phone service in the Bahamas if this massive storm is passing over it? Yeah. And you watch it. You're going to get a little bit curious about your thinking process. His gone way past Tony's capacity. And they're showing the way Tony's worried about his dilemma. But I pick him in Jennifer up. Why are they showing the beaches? They're telling people not to go. It's like in a football. Yeah, they keep showing it over you exactly. I was thinking that before they've shown us 50,000 times. I'm watching 10 myself. And they keep showing it over and over again. All these asshole punk kids. And the more they show it, the more other assholes are going to go out there. They even, even this asshole. Here, I want to go out there now when I see you. Yeah, I know. Well, listen, we'll pray for you. Neil. Yeah. One more thing. Come a look. There's to go back to work. I mean, we need to have to do. Okay. All right. Thanks. How's that song? We'll rain. We're going to keep falling on your head. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why was that line? Thought it was rain drops. Here's a day, Neil. Hello. Danya. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, you are the worst. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Let's go to Gainesville. Hello. I know I haven't been pranked for you. Just saying no. I guess I'll tell you. Upgaring Gainesville people are going crazy. They're holding this stand about a hurricane. What about 80 miles in when we're not going to get that bad? Do you have schools been canceled the rest of today? And all they tomorrow. Based on what? Based on the fact that these people are not, they see this thing. It's wherever it is. 80 miles in when, but they have no idea what it's like. I was talking to one of my friends yesterday and then we're both in South Florida. I went to the school in Broward County, so the she. And we're used to this stuff. The weather looks perfect. We're probably going to get some rain. Can't beat that getter meat. Yeah. That's what I keep on saying. Yeah. That's what I keep on saying. But they're still doing it. It's still doing it. It's unbelievable. And the other stuff too. Okay. Well, good luck to your pal. You'll need it. Give our buddy JP a big kiss on. Let's form it. All the time. Okay. Five six seven. Oh, five. Sixty. Now that guy would let him stand a little bit longer. But he was standing a little bit. You are the way. I think that was Tony said, right. Silly person Tony, you're a silly person with no credibility. Okay. You're sitting there with those raccoon eyes said way in the back of your head. And everybody knows that even though you're talking pretending about a hurricane, all you're thinking about his Danny boy, Danny boy, Jimmy boy, Danny boy. Because you're a silly person. Okay. You're silly goose Tony. With no credibility. You're a sports nerd. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay. There's that. Thank God. Let's hear it for Greg Reid's phone. Only three hours in five minutes to get another one of those. We're going to get a phone system in here that works. No. Well, I think we will very soon. I think he might not be aware of it, but I think we will real soon. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, my mom told us after all that that the beach. You got the beach? Yes. She went to the beach about an hour ago. Hey, guess what's on the Bahamas two weeks ago. Yeah. Oh, I hope he's still there. I was just going to say I hope he's still there. No, not great. Hey, uh, if this is uh, if it's, uh, if it's, if it's, and it was a blow job, then I get Floyd the hand job. Okay. Whatever you say. How come he didn't quit after Roger? Would that have been a real good idea? Oh, yeah. Or at least after. Roy. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. As we continue searching for a very pertinent information here today. This is the station you want to stay glued to twenty four hours a day. Oh, that's what, what do you laughing about? One of the four hours a day morning noon and night. If you're somewhere really important information, okay? We'll give it the odds on games that haven't been invented yet with kids that are playing and haven't been born yet. In fact, uh, what time and it's all that's right. And capitalism won't be on the night. What does that say? Oh, that's right. We got the Paul game of San Francisco won't be able to run in the morning. And then we got JT the brick. Anybody listen to that piece of crap? No, no, no, we're in the country. Does anybody listen to that? And if they do, they wouldn't admit it. Here's Miami Lake, Selo. You know, yes sir. When Rick Sanchez was standing next to that C. Wall last night, I was praying for God that a giant C-squid with pop up and just grab his ass and pull him on there. I would love to. I was saying several prayers about it. When he takes that cheap Austin broke jacket off and he holds it up in the air. Look, look, look, look at the wind blowing the jacket. And he knows how they sent Craig Stevens up there to Melbourne. I thought he was going to fly away at about I burned guaranteed he by the time they finish with every 40 only had one toe in the sand. Right. He holds it jackal up right. And then this guy comes in on the right side of the street that's wibb it. Don't be doing that. You go with your jacket. You know, he kind of Rudy Poo. Not you later, no. Okay. Thanks. What a grand end. There's doing them in the wall list. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, also what an Adam do. He's a lefty-breaking sudshow. Which I forgot to mention at the other day. Good luck Adam. You'll need it. What's he doing now? He's doing marketing at the sunset. Wow. Well, it's got to be. It's got to be working with Rick. This is five, six, eight. You way out. I just would never seen anything that vivid and that massive. I'm so curious. You're not scared of it. I'm scared of it. Look at my butt. Okay. I'm so curious of seeing me. All the guys they want me from the old to the teenager. I am hot. I have to stay. I think you're good. I think so. We can't get out of the woods. I have a chance with the spirit of seeing her. I got so tree-bed you mind. And a body like you show. With my soul in creamy size. How to keep you never know. To see me. If you want me. Got a good type of me. My daughter's tattooed me. You see me all over M.C.V. Now that is part of me. I know you want me. You're not a dad of dad of dad. You're a good singer. You're not a dad of dad of dad. You're a good singer. What's her tainted five, 60, up to few? What is her name? The one with Prasad Vichit Sanna with my daughter-in-law. Kruger Christine Kruger. Kruger is that her? I guess I must be her. I don't know. I don't watch her news ever. I don't know. But other than that, they blow. Here's the fact that there are jet skiers and intercoastled down by the Grove, who ought to die, of course. And wait ten years this. You know, very Jack Hansen's favorite station. 2600 on the AM Dow Waffen. They're a final casting. No, a weather band radio. No, a weather band radio. The star was on 14 miles. He's the very cold hour. Yeah, that's what they got on the ear now. Oh my god. Attaboy Tony, you're really going to show us a thing or two, okay? See, personally, I would love to see a real all-sports station who will let me hear that would give Greg Reader run for his money and make him stop running around pretending to know something about the broadcast industry which he does not. Really make him pee in his pants. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Yes, sir. How's the show? Uh, Fancha, yes, today was uh, measuring the depth of the water with a rock. You should have stuck his nose in there to measure it. You should have stuck the rock on his ankle. Another checking out the weather. He's like, he would have put the rock on his ankle, but Craig Stevens took it to, uh, Melbourne. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I knew. Okay, have a great day. One thing about the people of Channel 7, most of them in that news department, you don't have to worry about them drowning because they all flow. 567, of course, not Miss Kamal. And pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. She did a good job by the way. Okay, did Bill come on. Let me say it again. Hat's off. Don number one. Don. He's the best. I would have said it. But I'll give Miss Kamal number two. Now that I heard about that, uh, Lord and Jesus and the pray for me that the Schmuck roll and stood him on Channel. So, see, you know, we don't care about your family and about the fact you got a big family and had it by 50 gallons of water and all of a sudden, nobody cares. This isn't like one of those personal, uh, fluffy features deals. Okay, this is like maybe a whole bunch of people are going to get killed. And their house is going to get blown down. That's the kind of story this was. Okay. Not one of those acute little feature stories, Roland. Okay. You got it? No. I didn't think so. So he gets number three on list and still pulling up the ass in. Right. He's Brian down there. I'm sorry. Brian, you're just still lost at Baby. You ain't got it. Bad graphics, bad, uh, no information here. He was on there for $100 in a row and still didn't learn to God the in thing from him. Nothing. So he's number four and the weather channel. Wait, it was last. I mean, not even in the ball game, not in the hunt. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, one is it going to be time when the, uh, hurricane, four castors that are in the hurricane plane, uh, go up there and put their pencils down and, uh, put on their army act and start shooting this thing down. I'll pray for you. Here's a mobile and cool procedure. Hello. Hello. Yes. Uh, the only stores that are open, which I just sent my wife for. Now, wait a minute. Please tell me that basketball robins is open to drive through there in 163rd Street. Oh, you know what's open over on, um, I just drove past it over on Griffin Road farm stores is open. Well, that sucks. Owlers is open. Oh, our farm stores is for red next. Listen to me. Yeah. You think that's going to your car, though. But what if they don't have anything I want? That's the problem. Okay. Owlers is open. There's one over on Griffin and Palm. Yeah. And there's one over on the universe. What about Jackson's ice cream parlor and dinging? You know, I, you know, I, you know, I've been wanting Jackson's. They make the best chocolate malls. Oh, I haven't been there in years. I love Jackson's. Besides the freeze. Yeah. For the freeze. Yeah. Long gone. They have all these big, huge, groupy concoctions. Oh, that's a place to go into with diabetic coma with a big smile on your post. It's the best. Wow. I, I, I, I, I, Danny of each full of art in the, uh, or whatever. But I, with this is serious. Public and wind, dixie are closed. It's the wind, dixie. Wind, dixie closed at noon. I live over on, and, and, and, uh, Cooper city there in the sea lake. So one by me, uh, closed at 12 o'clock. I got there at like 12 o'clock. I got there at like 12 o'clock. One, and there's Dan and there with the, with the gun thing. You can't go in. Yeah. And there's, I would say. Oh, my, the way, looter is alert. And a half an hour. Okay. Go ahead. What's that? I don't know if you're losing about half an hour. So, so, so, so, so, wait a second. I, I don't know if you ever, if you ever saw the guy or not, uh, Mark Ludner. Yeah. Well, he was dead for five years and nobody told him I'm a animal seven. I don't know if you ever, I, I, I, I had the, you know, he was not too feet tall. I had the unfortunate, but yeah, the thing is, guys. I want a depth on it. Public's. Wait a second. If the guy, if the guy ever loses his status, his senior, as senior reporter. Yeah. All he, all he needs is a shine box. Right. It could shoot shine. That would. I could use the box anyway, just, uh, ordinary business. It, it, it's, it's so, uh, it's a, it's a, at the world series. Try and be looking. And it's kids are even shorter than he is. Really? How does guy reproduce? I, maybe got the steps to on climb. Are you sure I can fuse them with buddy nevens? Ever see him together? Okay. I'll have a buddy. Ever great life. All right. We know how all you super market employees are doing today. You're looking for glory holes. Five, six, seven, five, six, five. Can you imagine the stuff that goes on in supermarkets? You know, like real late at night in the tea rooms and we're in the, in the back room there in the stock rooms. Wow. I can't even begin to imagine what goes on in those supermarkets. But I'll, I'll start thinking about it. Here's a lot of day, bye to see you. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You're a trooper. I really appreciate that you're on the radio. How much super trooper, sir? That's right. And you're absolutely right about that. No, I have a, I have a, I have a, I have friends with more. They're going to come up north that live on the inner coastal. And this girlfriend is, I can tear from us in the other stations. Yeah. They have the panic there doing, I probably said it's going to turn north and they're getting good at this forecasting thing. Yeah. They're, you know, their technologies getting better. Right. It certainly beats like live with earthquakes or something like that. That's right. Like all those barbarians on a west coast. Yeah. Yeah. That's where I, yes, today on the baby, they just pull them right out. They're all panicky. They, they don't even look in where they're going. They're driving like crazy. I, I, I, I've talked to you before. I thought it, I'm getting on the control. You've stepped on holidays. I wonder if you could, you could, my possibly, you could, if you can't, I can't play that backpipes thing. Okay. I'll work on them, man. All right. Yeah. Okay. What is, no. Done. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. On the 18th, you were the slime. We're just rolling along, singing along. We could put channel 10 on here. We could have just put the audio on here. We're taking the day off and played a, you know, much of crap like that. But no, we're super, super first pal. We come on here and we do our goddamn thing. And we do our best to do it. And not like the goddamn postal workers in Dayton, Broward. And by the way, it's not the workers in the, the decision. It's the higher ups. It's some assholes and positions of authority who decided you don't need to get your mail today. Because it's so dangerous, even though in Palm Beach County, where they're going to have higher wins in more rain. Even though they're getting to God, they may at least invoke a. I think it's the mayor. I don't want to start pointing the accusatory finger, but I will anyway. I think it's the mayor. They got everybody a little bit too panicky here today. I can understand yesterday, although we didn't need to be on there more than 30 or 40 times an hour. But today irresponsible, baby, five, 30 this morning. There was all we needed to know, and there is the mayor's. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. And then 10 30 this morning comes on. He's disappointed because people aren't psychotic enough. Instead of the drinking in the national garden, they're to shoot those many x out at Hall over beach. Oh God, wouldn't you love to see that? Yeah. After all, it's only a few days past the 30th anniversary of Kent State. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I think you're great, man. Okay, thank you. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. I'm Yomio Valaya. Great. I think I just thought it was. In reference to the hurricane means I think it could be get to the heart. This should mean that Hurricane cracked them. What do you think? You know, as soon as I heard his voice, I remember there was something really desperately wrong. As soon as I heard that telling his voice, I thought to myself, I was just going to be a little bit more wrong. One for the hills. Then I saw Sam come in and I knew it was time to run for the hills. Sam came in with his Jordanite blowup, though. By the way, Sam says Jordan, I have floats like a butterfly and things like a queen bee is what he said. Something like that. Because that's like most of the Sam's buddies. Here's North Bay Village, yellow. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Please don't leave us alone with George again, man. If you're not interested in Plato, there's nothing. Okay, thanks. A little bit was that a delayed reaction on that day. I mean, today is like the 14th of September. This is my second week back from vacation. A little bit on the slow side there, sir. You should have called last week when we were ripping George's ass. For pursuing all of his, his perverted sexual activities on the radio show. I don't want to say nothing about any of the interns either. Should have said what happened last Saturday. I don't want to hear about it. Here's my me, Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? You beat him to ghost town. And I went out to get something. He made everything close. Yeah, so what's new? We beat him to go to the door. Right. Yeah. You know, people. I mean, yeah. A few people. What's going to happen all those drug addicts from childbeats? They must have found some place to maybe they went to the airport. They beating. It isn't in. I mean, they don't even think they're so in drugs here today. Yeah. Like I said, they went to the airport, probably see in the old ramp branch. There's a few people out there. By the way, we have an announcement. Many of the airlines have closed their canceled their flights today at the airport. to your ports however the ramp rats are still in full operation if you want to get the good stuff I'm sure go ahead. Yeah, there's a 15 and 20 people on Colin's Avenue. Yeah. You're having a screaming loft to get in there a year. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I guess if it's the end of the world's program. I heard that Paul Revere's Jewish brother-in-law was out there on his horse screaming and acubes are coming something like that. They're ready here. Okay, I know. That was the point. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 5, 60, on a CM, all nervous now. I said, I was thinking to pint like a pint of a... I bet you're best can Robin just close. Do you want all these places close? See, this is wrong Mr. Mayor, you're wrong. You're full of crap. There is no emergency situation in date County and in Brewer County at the moment. We have some wins. We have some rain. Period. We have some high tides. We got some ripped tides. Which maybe those kids will drown in. We can have a big party and celebrate it about tomorrow at a bunch of morons. They were, I'm going to tell you right now. If anybody drowns out there who's screwing around at the beaches and somebody calls in on this show in the next few days, oh, wasn't that a shame? I'm going to tell you right now the answer is no. These people should be taken away and put in goddamn in straight jackets for attempted suicide. Attended public suicide. That's what they're doing. And by the way, now that you see all these kids getting killed on these rides and amusement parks, I think now is a real good time to check out the take your kids that you don't ever want to see again, take them to the latest roller coasters and see what happens. Try your luck. No, better yet, try their luck. Why do people do that? Did they have a secret death wish? I think that must be what it is. We used to have a thing called the Wild Mouse at the Rosaline Park in Canadiang, New York, and then some kids got killed on it and a number of wild mouse. They said, oh, you kid's out there, the Wild Mouse is illegal. Are we that Ken Jenny, I think, said that. Here's the mobile and forlater deal. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay. Thanks for being there. A number one. Yes, sir. I just, if you want a good sandwich, I just can't really do that. They're open. Yeah. And I just hand my pizza, but I need my dessert, you know. The pastry's are tremendous. No. And the other thing is, I call everyone's in the wild. I'm not chronic, but I don't understand the towns, love, and or slash hate for rick Sanchez because he isn't idiot. I know him personally, right? Right. I just came up to you, isn't it? I know him personally too, and he's idiot. That's right. And yet the town, they watch him. Help me with this. Oh, but because we had a lot of liars out there, I don't know what it is. Maybe it's like this program. There are a lot of people tell you what, and they hate me like poison. And they listen every day. I don't know what it is. Well, I was so long. You want to be the one to tremendous talent. And he's an asshole, but other than that. That's true. But it's frightening to think that it's tremendous talent, and not the whatever the sucking up or whatever tremendous talent is true. Yeah. And then you get an idea like this, and people watch him. Have it frightening. Guess what? I'm making more money in here. Yeah, you're right. Have it. And one of the things George did not do a bad job. I heard you do a little. And we did a perverse job. No, he did a good job. See you. I don't think so. That was the idea. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line, it's 26 past 1 at 560 WQM, the Henry E. Goldberg Showed 2. The jet. Now, how is man? It's going to be back here to do that. Showed him. I'd just deny him 30. I think everybody got to be tune and then. Oh, right. How'd you get back here from Denver to do a radio show? You know what I'm saying? So tune in. We'll see if he actually makes it. I'm bad at you. I'm not a person, bro. I think he's in the very extra special sense. Start the bike. Show us all about something. That's true. I'm at the door right now. Come on, let me cut it back. Yeah. I already let it. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. Oh, I wonder what it is. It looks like it looks like I've pushed it back. That's me, bag boy. I want to pay. Hey. Can I cut you? Sure, go ahead. Ooh, ooh. Run your hands. I'm sorry. Hey, like you're a little bit. Hey. What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the blow pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow. Oh, okay. Can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, go ahead. Okay. Come on, lad. You got the foot. You're mouth around it, lad. You're not going to break. I'm like this. Hey, that's a boy. You can't only wait down yet, throw that. Hey, I mean, you do it at life. Look at yourself over here. That's me, Chanda. What do we do with that? What do you do with that, lad? You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Oh, no. Hey, hey. Hey, run your hands up and down there. No, I want to do, lad. Hey, is you want to blow on the pipe? You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. Sure. Hey, feel that. He's good, lad. He's good. He's good, lad. No, harder, lad. Harder. Squeeze the bag. Squeeze, lad. Please, lad. Come here, hand up and down the shaft. Faster. Come here, hand up and down the shaft. Slow. Slow. Slow. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Slow. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. I have to catch me, but it's very easy. 133 is 5. 6. You have to cut it by hand. Go, bro. Two, this is going to have all the looting sites in the South Florida for you. Why not? So that we find out as bastard Robin's open to be find out probably not. Walgreens. Did anybody call about that? Eckridge? God. Damn it. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. Glad to hear that you're on. Come on. Just want to let you know everything. Plantation, Plantation, Acres, Pembroke Pine. It's not a soul in any gas station. Any Walgreens, any Eckridge, anything. They're all closed. It's all closed. They're all closed. Yeah. Wouldn't you think that if you were a good business person, you would look around and you'd say, oh my god, if I stayed open today, I could do a $0.00 in business. There's one gas station open. I'm fine. Boulevard. And he's staying open all day and all my knee can't understand why everybody else is closing. He's bound to make a fortune. So in other words, I can't even go to my mobile stations and get some Ben and Jerry's. Is that what you tell him? I've been around, uh, not feeling clear. And, uh, all around that area in Plantation. And, uh, over here in Pembroke Pine. And it's dead. Oh my god. Exactly. That is a door now. God, I might be pressed. Okay. Well, I already know how to do that there. No, it's okay. Okay. Thanks. Not that I needed, but I wanted. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes there are things you don't need, but you want them badly. What do you need them? 560, 505, 60, pound five. And here that record is closed, Walgreens is closed. My mobile, every every guy named gas station. Thank God, I made sure both cars were gasped up right to the edge yesterday. I mean, overflowing. And what's the point? What would I accomplish? Because there's nowhere to go. No way to run, no way to hide. I bet you Jackson's ice cream parlor and dainus closed. I would even drive over there. It's closed. You're entaid. It's a pretty far east. So I don't care. I would go. I mean, everything over there is. Oh, yeah, being east, they're definitely closed. Sure. Anything east of, uh, forget about 95. It's the east of 441. Just to be on the wheel and the like chuck over here. And the stadium diner closed. How about in like some real bad neighborhood? How about some real shpartier story, you know? Oh, yeah, like right around the corner, I'll check that out. Here's the Fort Myers, hello. How's he doing over there, sir? It's going about eight miles an hour out of the northeastern. Yeah, nothing going on. Didn't pretty panic you over here. So everything? Uh, no, it's, oh, they might. Can I change the stuff? Why do I have heard that? To often players and manage in the whole crew that they, they flew into Fort Myers last night, and they bust over to the, is the only way to get back. But anyway, go ahead. Okay. Got a thing in the mail today that will allow us in the year, slippers to get to Amsterdam. Yeah. Offer from north west, 350 bucks, round trip. Basically from the eastern half of the United States. Got a buy. Oh, my God. December 31st, and you travel scout will be completed by Mark 31st, and you need to follow in reference code. We're going to give that out. Sure. T R. What was that P isn't Peter? As in, Pept or Rico. Okay. 738. PR 738. Yeah, you got north west there. He ars in public relations 738, north west, they're lying. Exactly. And you got to have a visa card. So you only get a kicker on that. Visa card or a passport. A passport. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. There you go. Even Dave very liked it in Amsterdam. He's a boring little tourpie guy with no sense of humor whatsoever. He's kind of like the Tony Sigretto of Newsprint. Here is Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. Are you doing great? I've first time call. A long time listen. A big fan. Oh, right. I've got a cruise ship story for you. My, your lips is my one here. I looked for a talk of cruise line in a town. I'm not going to give any names. But my doing a bill. I don't know if you remember my Frederick and David, the two hurricane? Sure. Okay. This is what happened. They told us, I was a drummer in the orchestra, right? It's like, I've noticed the fear of a port. We started eating. We're going to head out to see, right? I get there to be a clock and guess what? The ship is out in the world of the, where do my amy, right? Yeah. The type of those poem are out. It's what the people are on that deck. In the middle of this driving range, so I don't want to about it. We're going to fly to Puerto Rico, right? We're going to be able to ship and win everything with the tanky door, right? We get on the ship Puerto Rico, we head out, and here comes David right behind. We get basically buffeted between the two of them, right? We play this show in the middle of the show, right? I've got to chew it on a unicycle, you know, believe it. Yeah. Yeah. This was funny. We're playing like a fanfare type thing. I always played in the kid with a flying in the audience. Yeah. They know you look like it's part of the show, right? Yeah. It wasn't. We got buffeted by a wave. Next thing happens, the pad of Bethlehem on the stage, the drums are thrown over, then they get the warning. So this is the power of the buck that these people in the Italian. They just, the car that they do is make the money and make everybody a good amount of home people. Right. There you go. Oh, okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you, man. I'm sorry. I had the panoplear. The penis. Five, six, seven, oh, oh, see. This is much better. I've been lurching again over this thing, and I get that. I was up here and I was getting like my breast bone. I was like aching from this really poorly constructed studio where the guy didn't think it was too low. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line, twenty one before two, a QAM. Sports back. Radio. You. You. That. That. Oh, shit. That. In theaters now from the directors of Muppets from space. It's Muppets from Japan. Yeah. What? What? What? It's Muppets from Japan. Oh, what? What? What? Okay. So, and I think back some of what I said about Channel 10, the great job that done, uh, Oh, did. Well, he's not responsible for this. He has done a great job. But the problem is, you lose people, man. Your judgment blows. Because all morning long, they've been showing this crap of these assholes out there at Hallover. And there was only a few of them. You know, and then there were a few minutes ago, they were replaying stuff that they showed, making it look like these kids about their surfing. That was stuff that they were replaying from this morning. And so now they've attracted all these assholes that are going out there, with their cameras and with their big fat puppets, and they're out there hanging around on the goddamn beef. And what are they seeing? They're seeing wind and water. Wow. God how exciting. I know what's your worth risk in my life for? Is there water in sea some wind and some water? Some rough seas? Man, it's exciting. Your animals anywhere. Look at them. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I was driving down, I, I teach school and there's no school. So I've just been driving around and having a ball. I drove down university drive, and there's a subway with a pass can rob and between 44th and commercial. That's old. 44th and commercial, that's not too far. Right. So you got a chance there. And all the way. I never thought I'd say this, but I think Bill Zimfer is making Rick Weaver. Look like a Hall of Fame announcer. Yeah. He was put static last night. He was missing time out. He was telling Nixon up the players. And I kind of answered. Yeah. I had a sneak in suspicion like a year ago. He did a talk show from his home town and Philadelphia, but the dolphin. And like the only player he knew was Marino. He was like in Paris. He was on a month ago in Hacuzon, vacation. He was on two days in a row. I think from Philadelphia. And he has no idea. He's a carpet bag or he's not from down here. He has no idea what's going on here. I know it's a shame. And I listened to the radio because you got to understand. That's a Wayne High Pingat thing. That was the dolphin organization that selected Weaver's successor. This station nothing to do with him. In fact, he was on IOD before this station got to the dolphin. Yeah, because I listened to the love and language, but he's pathetic. But anyway, that subway with the baston robbers between 44 and commercial on the West Study University. Okay. Thanks. Okay. There's a baston robbers that might be open. In fact, if they're open, maybe baston robbers drive through his over. If I'm going to do this, I'm going to drive through there. And if they're not open, I'll just break in. Huh? I'll scoop my own, so to speak. And what does wrong with that? I may have to break into public and steal 10 or 20 pints of God damn Ben and Jerry's. You got some freaking nerve closing because there's a little wind and rain going on. I hate to break the news to you. But on average day, if you have a notice to summer during this wet, grotesque horrible summer we got here and stuff on an average day it rains in his windier route by me there. Then what we're getting today. And they don't close the God damn market do they know that because everybody's supposed to be whipped up into a frenzy. Oh, let's close everything down to make sure that it's as inconvenient as possible. And tomorrow we can do a big visit. How are they going to be open tomorrow do we know? I guess we'll have to come back here again. Damn it. Here's Miami, hello. Miami, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yes, how are you doing? Okay. This I'm starting to get a little scared of this tropical storm. And why is that? Because I don't have a little storm. It's a tropical storm out there. No, it's a hurricane is what it is. Well, if I go to a tropical storm wind here, you know. Yeah, I just don't think I have enough plywood. Yeah, I'll see it home deeper. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, Warnos line here is Pembroke pine, hello. Yeah. By a lot more stuff at home deeper. I got to stock. Yes sir. Yeah. Yes. Hey, public say no, we've got public transportation on that. I'm open. You can't drive a truck over 40 mh or when. And nothing to do with public. Those bitches want to sell all they can. Right. So that's the state of floating the apartment transportation. That's the goddamn governor. It's Governor Boots again doing it. It's very important. They come out of their positions. They come out of their field beach. They won't let them drive down 95. You made it right? No, I can't. The public puts their all day long. That's like some kind of a fascist guy damn plot to me. They're not with public, Neil. Okay. That's not for the doer. Okay, thank you. I love your bag. I love public. Don't give me wrong. You think I would chop it when they see if they're working there? That's your sweet answer would. You think I would chop it? Albert's in there. She won't think about Albert's in there. Always open. They got a whole bunch of 24 hour joints. And then it could be the end of the world out there. Albert's in the stays open because I mean, who the hell ever heard of them in the first place? Except that one in Amsterdam that spells it wrong. Here's a four-later deal. Hello. I'm a one-menville, a year of fan. Who's really a Jewish port or weekend? Okay, great. Here's, uh, he's, uh, you know, well, maybe twice a year is okay for you, pal. Okay. Pretty weak. Here's open, par. Hello. Shut that guy down. I just did. Listen, I got a, I got a friend of mine that works for the whole thing. I'm going to work for the holiday. How long they'll please department? Yes, you're. You need to stay tuned to channel 10. Oh, I got 15 minutes. They're bringing the task force and in all those, all those goofballs are going to be in the back of a wagon. Just stay tuned. You mean the, uh, the beach? Yeah. They're bringing their ticket task force down there right now. Excellent. God bless you. Sir. Thank you. I like the friend of mine. Hello. Yeah, I'm here. The friend of mine. Uh, he wanted me to ask you a question. He's be scared to call. He's never played in the reason. He's saying he want to know if like you put that Britney Spears, like what he says, what you do is you wear a mouth too quick and that's why you won't play the, some of the older ones. Yeah. Yeah. Meaning me. What? I don't know. He says that you just play these new bits too much and then there. No, I don't. No, I don't. What time is this year one? I don't know. Okay. Well, when you find out, let me know. Okay. Five, six, seven. Everybody, whole world's a program directed baby. I've played these new bits too much and I wear a mouth. When did that wear this out? Okay. But hopefully the first part of his call was absolutely untargeted. Hit down there with a butterfly in it and round those assholes up down there. They're breaking a goddamn law right there on television right out there in the open public. There's this big blow job going on and nobody seems concerned about that. We got Ken Jenney to talk about stuff going on in private clubs behind closed doors, which is not a history can business, but out there right in public on television. They're doing it and jeopardizing everybody's lives, including their own. Round them up, baby. Get any roasting burglander with a butterfly in it. And let's see if he can swim. 242 at 5. 60 WQA in.