Sports radio 500W 2A Euro 5 control or the measly grud test group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5.62 AM. Florida, stay sucks. So, raise stages. It's not the patience you'll drive. We don't much slower than you. So, raise stages. It's 10 fingers. Because you're right. There are the cuckoo to all. It's 10. Pensions run to cover George. So, we don't stay in our double. We fight the slacks with land. John tonight's stage. It's getting just... Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, oh. It's too bad. Beware of the early fight. So, cool. Oh, yeah, that's it, you know. You'll both fight George for a team in our suit. Now, let's rethink and we try to block things. We're doing our team. There was a way. Well, don't get in your way. John tonight's stage. It's 10 fingers. The shark. Look at that. I just go, you did that. You tried, didn't you? You could do. It's you, but higher. Like the ambulance bears the condo tonight. How cool does it look like? Get like my own. John tonight's stage. My disrepaces. We die. It's gonna happen soon. John tonight's stage. I say, you're here. Oh, yeah, I don't have it for you. Oh, I'll try. I've heard about it. That's bad. Tell me, two and five, six. You're welcome. You're welcome. So, how's that. Rick and Doug doing? Anybody here? You know, something I think that if those guys really were grateful. They were really grateful. They stopped in surreptitiously. I mean, nobody would know if I was joking or not. I don't want them to risk their jobs. Such as they are. They would like right down the street. Aren't they at the, uh, Paxon Clear Channel building? No, that's the same place. So, we were at. They are. Why is that? Because that's where these studios is. Well, what sense does that make? They're back there in Hollywood over there by your house. Sorry, I know. I don't think so. Why, why would that be? Why would they? Well, wherever they are, they could stop by here and walk in. Hey, thanks a lot. And then leave, you know, oh, what do they are now? Oh, look at that. There's, uh, such anyway. Well, he actually, I couldn't seem to the window. He doesn't come up to the door. That high in the door. Anyway, we have some famous aint as cookies for them if they'd stop by. Yeah, I got that found with something really bad out there this morning, which I've never noticed. I noticed those all that soda with sugar. Which I don't drink soda with sugar. That's one thing I have no, I mean, as long as you got the diet soda that's got all these, a phenol, whatever it is, and I have no problem with that. Because that's weird enough to satisfy my sweet tooth. But I found that there are cartons and cartons of famous aint as cookies out there. And I have a bag in my hand right now. Yeah. Mmm. God. And my blood sugar was 84 this morning. Oh, went to the doctor yesterday. Dr. Markle reporter over there on the beach. He's the best doctor. Mark says you'll live. He is great. You know, something, this is the most bizarre thing. I slept all over there in the rain and the cold. It's freezing at the beach yesterday. And I slept over there the beach. I go and I see him. And, you know, basically I've got a little, I've had a little touch of the flu, like everybody else, a little lie, and you know, intestinal flu, whatever it is, not to have said. And he looks at me and that the end of the whole thing and takes the blood about a gallon of blood. And he says, you know, you don't need me. Of course you've heard that before. Basically, what he's trying to say is, I could use a few bucks from you, which is nice, but on the other hand, you have a contract. And while you hear that's really what he's saying. And I walked out of there and I felt great. No, seriously, I felt like a jerk because I thought to myself, I just went to the doctor. Now I feel a lot better. Did he do anything for me? No, he just talked to me and I feel better. I just shook his hand and maybe it kind of like rubbed off. Maybe he's got that magic touch. So my blood sugar this morning was 84 when I got up and got that would be a real evil thing, especially when I have to go to mommy's for lunch today. There would be a real evil thing to do with myself to dive into a little bag. He won these little bags of famous Aina's. That would be bad because there's like 19 grams per serving and servings per container about two. So the other 30 grams of carbohydrates in here is really bad. That's a lot for a little bag. I mean, these are small. And once you eat the one bag, if you're like me, which most of you are, you're going to eat like two or three or four bags, but you've got cases of this stuff out there. Aren't you? I would. You can guarantee you can't do all you don't need one bag. Maybe I should do that. Maybe you should have a contest with myself to see if I could eat only one famous Aina's cookie, but I'm not going to do that because I would be like eaten one smarter you can't do it. Somebody brought me to track last night. Roaday this is the greatest stuff I've ever seen in my life. Talk and it fits right in. Talk about going a little bit overboard even for me on the sugar thing. This is hysterical. I have no idea when this book was published in the 60's. Sometimes. And didn't bring me to book, but he brought me like pages, copies of pages. Everyone seriously interested in nutrition and better health. Roaday system for mental power and natural health by JJ Roadayl. And a picture of Montefray looks like a professor of on-helcing from Dracula. And this is hysterically funny stuff. I mean, there's some truth in what he's saying, but he goes just a little bit overboard. I'm going to read some of this later. Number one, it pays to Sean Schürger. Okay, I'm just going to read one line here and then later I'll give him the other stuff, which is, and we'll make you pee in your pants and probably eat a lot of famous Aina's. He says you, man, this is absolutely correct by the way Dr. Roadayl. Or whatever, I don't know if he is a doctor. It just says, that name sounds familiar to me. I think back what he's done, all those nutritional quacks on the show. I think he used to talk about Dr. Roadayl. He's a doctor like my little dog is a doctor. It says you must cut out the use of white and brown sugar in any products that contain them. There you go. There you go. You must cut out the use of white and brown sugar in any product that contain them. The overuse of such products, drains to say, can produce a condition of low blood sugar, which lowers the brain's efficiency. So if there's some people out there that sound like they're like a little bit off, like they need the brick layer to stop by. Yeah, people like that. Then you know that too much sugar is what's doing it. Like all those hot blood and hysterical Hispanics. Too much sugar is what the cause that behavior there is. Too many of those out of apas. All right, so only the Colombians eat those. Okay, the Colombian queens like those alive and have all these really high sugar desserts such as the pustalitos. They have these little drunken pastries or yellow and they're so good sugar water sometimes and rum. And rum. You have to determine and don't forget the flan which is just sugar. That is the craft to report over. That's a good thing. You haven't had good blood. Yeah, out of your flan is like slime. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a pudding with slime on it. Okay. It is the slimyest, crappiest garbage. Why don't you just admit that humans have crappy taste when it comes to food? You've never had Cuban food. How do you know that? We've discussed this over and over again. You've had like Mexican food. Are you ready to go downtown and they introduce yourself to some politicians? What is that? Adam, do you talk to them? I have a thing. I can't help you. I can help them out the show this week. Oh, are you? So there you go. A little tidant from our friends Rick and Suds on stupid talk this morning. I was thinking coming to work, even though Rick continues to insist on doing that stock market show. Oh, give that arrest sweetheart. Please, I'm begging you. That has that, it's a 8.73. I mean, I give that stuff once in a great while. But this man is obsessed. It's the flea market. Dummy, not the stock market. Your audience is at the flea market. I'm trying desperately to give you a helping hand. A big helping like Elvis would like a big helping hand. And especially after I listen, you know, I just have the monitors barely seeping in here now in the morning. During that morning show of ours here. And a beginning to realize maybe this too much sugar. Oh, geez, what I just is crap. Oh, no. Maybe it's too much sugar or whatever the problem is. But there are a lot of mentally ill people who call this radio station. Now, would you like to do your self test this morning? Here's an easy test for you. If you've ever called a talk show, or if you've even wondered yourself on the fifth January. Who the dolphins are should be looking to pick in the draft in April, or who the what free agents the dolphins might sign. If either of those thoughts has ever entered your mind early in January, then you are obviously mentally ill and need very, very serious health. There is no, this isn't just my opinion. I'm trying on begging you to give yourself some assistance, okay? Because there is no question in my mind. It's just it's pathetic. It's embarrassing me. What kind of no life low life people are concerned about who anybody is going to do. Anybody is going to be drafting in the middle of April and what free agents. I mean, how about in two years? How about in the year 2006? You think Jimmy is still going to be here? Do you think his hair will be any better? Will it be the same shade of gray? Will he still be your heart ass? Will he still be picking on a media? Pup, pup, pup, pup, I mean, please. There's got to be there must be. There has even an esgot for second place. There must be mortal life than that, isn't there? No. Ten hundred ten and five sixty. WQM Hank is back today. Two. We got the booster talking baseball from Los Shulos. It's six. And we got the Panthers eight thirty out of Phoenix eight thirty nine. Boy, they are desperate. They got a starwin and they're falling like out of content. Man, everybody else is pulling away. How about those leaves? I don't care if it was a penalty. And over time we'll take the win. How about that? Oh. You. Tonight on Let's Watch Animal Screw. I bet you're raw Miguel's on that show. Ten fourteen and five sixty WKM. Let me just set the record straight for some of you. tour is out there in radio land yesterday I go to the bus I'm driving to the cold and the rain if I didn't have walk in the morning before I probably do now after I'd be not there in the elements you know yesterday I'm looking at the temperatures in the wind chill when I got home on the weather the show in a wind chill 38 degrees and a temperature like 48 and I look at the paper this morning was 58 and showers and Amsterdam yesterday so this was like Amsterdam without the good time is basically what this was yesterday cloudy and rainy and chilly and a little bitter and nasty but without the good time there you go so anyway I'm driving in the car at 430 which I would nearly wouldn't usually be in there so I guess this asshole who called in manage assumed that I wouldn't be listening little hidden one artist and if I were to have the phone in that car at the time which I did not I would have called in immediately but mad dog knows that I'm his number one fan like Kathy Bates I am his number one fan I'm the greatest fan of Jim managed on a radio of anybody in his town because I appreciate not only does he know his craft and nobody's talking about but he doesn't take it seriously he's got a tremendous sense of humor right yeah he's great he's an entertainer he's not just another dumb joke on a radio sitting there talking like that sounding like a dollar okay he's a he's an entertainer he's hysterical so I'm driving along and I'm listening mad at any of your air me call hey Jim what do you what do you think about the dolphins can they beat them again you think that they're deepens I mean air me call the same goddamn crap okay and here comes a guy some of an animal guy I don't remember exactly what history was but okay I change the subject a little bit on your damn okay whatever you like uh yeah what do you think about new Rogers on your station calling you a little a poodle and taking all kinds of shot to you and manages credit obviously not getting sucked in in the first place says new Rogers is a great entertainer he doesn't remember show he's hysterical about and just uh P. Oliver me I had right there in a car I had a stop and change underwear right on the guy damn highway because made it you're just you're in need at all over my body you know theoretically I was just it was incredible but they're always had to be these wise guys out there these Ojo provocateurs it's like people these sports nerds who call up with their trivia and you know try to trick you by mentioning you know the name of some obscure asshole that jumped out off the bench 50 years ago in some ballgame yeah never ever stops like you know I'm smart and you're dumb I'm gonna show you okay and then does it really mean anything no just to kill them some time on their part is what it is but the audacity the idea that anybody would believe that I'm ripping jamanic on you now sometimes managers full of craft you there's a difference between admiring somebody's ability and being a big fan of theirs which I love listening to managed and agreeing with everything they say but some people call a show well I agree with you most of the time well who cares why why why why do you prep is why do you have to do that little suck job before you you know you that they're trying to get on an even playing field you're saying by saying that they're trying to level the playing field well you know I agree with just about everything you say well you know something I don't care if you agree with anything I say nor I'm sure does anybody else in the audience care whether you agree with anything I say so again it's like the people look up please don't hang up on me but again a bad starter for a conversation bad but man I'll give you an example of man is being full of crap okay and that is that a couple just a couple weeks ago I heard him talking about the fact that uh mechigan that they hadn't got a quarterback to replace Brian Greesie I've been I've mentioned a couple of times that uh their quarterback see the reason Jim managed didn't like Tom Brady the Michigan quarterback is because he's a pretty boy he is a real real he could be like a male model he looks good and man is still like that kind of athlete that's not he's kind of good he likes a hard nose you know an ugly guy like Bob Greesie let's just gotta look like that and Brian looks a little like daddy you know a punn those hard nose you know gotta go right into a wall but now all of a sudden mechigan wins that game they make that dramatic comeback and score three touchdowns in like the last two seconds and beat those hogs and now yesterday here I'm talking about Tom Brady and how great he was and but a beat but a bullpuss you know so again you know he can be full of crap at times too especially when it comes to me she getting they have his blinders on a little bit and especially when it comes to guys who will look a little bit too good a little bit too pretty to be a football player maybe he manages a little bit nervous about thinking about all those other guys in the locker room showering with Tom Brady after the games huh sounds like something I might be interested in what's wrong with that Jim manages God I forget it okay don't stop try to don't try to drive away as you're wasting your time with that bull crap okay all your little professional problemakers out there with no life hey you know what these people remind me of it's like in the old days see these these are old parts in training oh FIT old farts in training these are the same people who will be living in the condos who'll be opening up their neighbors male who'll be hockin a china k about the neighbors grandchildren are making too much noise and yada yada yada these are the same people who'll be doing that and the same people will be calling up if by the time they get to be that agent about 40 or 50 years which they might there's any kind of like if they bring back the light bulb if jouse confidence should be on here somebody like that talking to people over the age of death hello joy's i had somebody called the other station and say you have bitch that that's the back of the days when we had i and z and i o d and gbs and k a t was still doing talk there were four stations doing talking as market at the same time and i'll try to believe there were four talk stations and believe me you talk about spreading the talent in we had guys like david gold and we had the dean and i'll work as he how's he doing he still alive but anyway uh you know and and what the old farts would do like a bunch of little children of course i would sit and punch the dials in the car and listen to him and of course you know doing a show on year for a hundred years here i knew every voice all the cronics look it's like you know when we left the i o d and all the cronics start calling over there the people that we would never let on the year well you know they find a roosting place they find a bit like when joie renal started doing the weekends and i would be a few years ago many years ago and then all the people we wouldn't let on any of the shows during the week they all gravitated to joie on the next right all the miss fits which was a perfect match by the way but that's what the old farts would do and they would call one show and say something to a host and then you hear a mon gbs like ten and a spider i just heard david gold say you're an asshole and he thinks that you're an apse and they would play like one against the other that's called the nia professional yenta so we have many yentres in training in south lordics we have young yentres who are practicing to become old yentres because they know they live your all their lives and most of them will because they have no life that they'll wind up in a condo they'll probably wind up in sunrise lakes would be a good place for most of them that would be a perfect place in sunrise lakes are bringing it up here in hell and deal beach with sunny roost and bro that asshole who now is looking for more publicity from south so not only has a letter to the editor today in a son settinall but also an article about arthur roosenberg not to be confused with sunny roosenberg even though it's the same asshole okay you know sunny roosenberg he's an asshole he always wasn't always will be wants to change the name to hell and deal beach from hell and deal why don't they just change it to hell and deal funeral parlor would be the outdoor death place that would be pretty good we don't want the mtv who was it please tell me again from a g t r the condo amenity was it calm amenity can amenity i thought he just signed with the who was a Houston time amenity from a g t r the old days he's the one who lived in hell and they'll and he took care of you old parts up there nice going time unless you forget an mtv on the cable the old parts they didn't want mtv on there because they didn't want it they wanted the geriatric food channels they wanted to yeah they have a special food channel on a hell and they only only recipes you can gum anything that if anything that requires chewing they will not allow to be made on the essence of airmel won't see him too many chewy food okay if you can gum it they love it okay and then and every show that's on there on the hell and they'll food channel has got a glass phizzing in the background so as soon as it gets time to eat as soon as the early board opens up just pop your teeth in there and gum your brains out you think you can gum famous and i'm not going to eat these i'm not even slightly inclined because i still have a little touch of this uh whatever this thing is it's not completely gone i just mentioned that in case doctor mark might be listening down there's not completely gone it's going away but it it hangs on its persistent this crap that everybody's gone don't forget it pays the shun sugar i just mentioned that again in passing i know that you uh i i look your frick Riley can do the stock market everyday i'll just do carbohydrate count that i'm in a horny out of exact the horny tune right in fact later on here he says a little bit on a little dabble do you is okay honey i think there was a comment in there here's bokeh hello hi new yes sir yes you want to know why the name rode alfim familiar jj rode who is that that was the guy you dropped dead on the dick avocado do you want yeah he went on the dick avocado choper playing himself to help you if man alive and then killed over are you cereal absolutely all right great the but you know i've discovered the name the so how long was that oh back when dick habit i'd show i mean back in the late sixty that yeah this book i think was written in the sixties and you know he did this sad part of it is he makes a couple of good points but then he just gets carried away like some kind of a voodoo witch doctor i mean when you when i read this later you'll just die a laffin it's hysterical i know some you thought the thing about the nutrition of quacks you know they like ten percent of the stuff will be absolutely something like well how about that a del Davis members used to write all those books let's get well and you get well and this one give up and she used to always uh always put you know you got to drink a lot of milk and then they died from bone cancer oh boy which i thought they she might the calcium must be going out of her back home summer because they haven't only been getting her bones too well okay have a great thing thank you good news okay so jj rode alfim all right healthy as man did is what he is now certainly if you open up that box you take a look at that what a magnificent corpse he's almost as healthy as jodee and by the way thank god over it's only the fifth of january already got something to be thankful for we haven't had reports in days maybe a couple of weeks about jolt and jolt as you oh yeah in stereo no less let's have a party god damn it is he dead is he alive who knows and who cares just let us know when it's over okay leave the poor bastard alone and you noticed since he uh instructed that the Morris angleberg guys had to cut the crap with his stupid reports all of you notice how seen and isn't flashing it on there every five minutes and headline news and cnbc no but they do have the call for the stock sender so Rick and keep putting it on here see if we want to know every second Rick at the market is i'm just trying to give you a little siphon so i know you're a hard ass i know you won't listen to anybody but it is ponderous it would be like turning on mutton jiff who are supposed to be making us laugh and hearing oh the dial is up 53.81 right now and the next that is uh tell out there up 14 points if i may come out already it's the flea market not the stock market i'm just amazed because when i run in the afternoon like i've said before i was listening to Hank and i do except when those calls of gambling calls start coming in about 2015 but in any way uh you know and and i so i wasn't aware of the fact that he became obsessed he went from the computer obsession into the stock market obsession and like i said the guy you know all of a sudden starts making a little bit of money and right away he's he's a maven he's an investment expert i just can't imagine hearing Gilbert and an adequate uh bit or Dave or what if anybody out there know adequate bit but at any rate i mean i can't imagine hearing them in one breath and then hearing about uh you know some hot stock that's gonna take off and go of 80 points today and it's really interesting i hear him talking about how queer channel stock is going up i so high if it's going up so much how come they're not paying anybody in their firing everybody that's probably why it's going up so much the shareholders are getting all the money and the poor bastards are worth their they're all getting blown out i's gone run a wolf and by the way Mike wolf sure adds a lot to that so i'm sorry i think so but it was he must be being paid by the word that he contributes on it or maybe he's getting paid uh in reverse because he doesn't have any he's no chuck my or i'll tell you that good news guy Mike will not a bad guy never wrote a stolen motorcycle but Jesus Christ Almighty adds nothing in there so another gonna have to bring into my side help i was thinking kind of to work this morning you know they have that stupid talk which is an idiotic idea to begin with but they're really not a network anymore at all they're not on any place else are they huh no they can't because he says super talk 940 they're not carrying them anywhere else so why don't we just start our own informal it doesn't have to be on the same station huh a network yeah our own network the Rick and Sugs in the morning in the middle of midday and Hank in the afternoon if uh the gamblers will stop calling you know I'm saying huh you follow about i'm talking about yeah have our own network and that's certainly connected with that he particular radio station i mean that's the way if that's the way the business is gonna go and you've got a couple of companies that on every goddamn radio station well we can't be worried about that okay because i can't i can't i just can't deal with these sports nerds that want to know in the middle of in early January well who do you think the dolphin's auto pick and is there a kid playing out there in amesville i want to you think on a high school team that might be pretty good for us down the road i mean even even a quarter back for tenancy his name is key well we're getting that i want i want the details on that i want you're all about this guy needs a white guy by the way okay with a bad name see not only not only you black folks in their bedding but suddenly has real streams names too southern wife folk maybe it's just a sudden thing he's an orange on provocative tour tonight let's watch or whatever we just played let's play this one sorryきた name before look Oh right. Oh, the greener. He is so mean. Oh, man. They are regretting. They won't forget it. They're dating, Tyson. They're regretting. They're regretting. Then to walk free. We've all had fought long. What do they say? It's so depressing. That they're understated. Never been enlightened. I'm my grandfather, your money. Why do you find this way? We're alive to hate, yes, for me. When I leave you and you, I'm so sad. Here's you and laundry. And dropping stuff. But in a prison, I'm so sad. They're understated. They're understated. They're all above him. They're dating, Tyson. So, if you can't see quarterback as in T-Martin, and as receiver is Pyrrillus Price. They call him like T-P for short. Pyrrillus Price. And he's a T, which I've always told me this morning, with that stands for T as in T. Like what his full name was, something a literate hat baked Tennessee Southern Redneck Yahoo Trash, a bull crap. Yeah. So, somebody will call him. One of the experts out there. One of the sports nerds will tell us about that. We got somebody on there. Okay, here's somebody that knows the crap. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Sport nerd here. All right. He's a boy. He's a boy. He's a boy. He's a boy. He's a boy. No way. Yeah, I watched the game. Me is not. The quarterback for Tennessee is a white guy. He's a white guy. He's a black guy. He's a black guy. He's a black guy. He's a black guy. Everybody's pulling in. He's a black guy. I'm thinking to the ponder. That's why I saw the ponder with the other game. I kept thinking he was the quarterback. I don't know why. I had a brain fart. I just got back from the track. I turned it on. And I saw the ponder. He was the only white guy in the whole goddamn field. He'd be a black guy. He'd be a bro. And his name is one. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. How many tomorrow are we going to see? Okay. Thanks a lot. You better not. You better have a good day. Well, I said. See, now I can't see. I can't do my proper bullbonics yet. It's only the fifth of January. After Martin Luther King's birthday, then I'll be able to do it right. Okay. Isn't that the de Marcation line? Boy, can you imagine he's turning over in his grave with this bullbonics crap? Are you hearing Martin Luther King doing the alignment in javin and rapin and clapping and slapping? Did you hear that? No. No way. Also, let's say, brother this guy says, Sparker is the quarterback. Oh, I thought it was a white southern guy with a bad name. I kept thinking that that honor who looked almost human there. Especially for somebody from Tennessee. Ever been in Tennessee. I heard Hank a couple weeks ago talking about his trip to Nashville. The people there are mugwums. I know you to think I'm exaggerating. They are mugwums. They are not the same. They are not quite the same. They're like some of the people in Shelby, Montana. They have orange here. Kind of like bookshambi. Although I'm not saying he's like from Shelby Montana. But nevertheless, they have that color over here. Comic book, here colors, purple and orange and strange. Like there are noes as were their rectum is supposed to be in one year as where their mouth used to be. Very strange like the product of centuries and centuries of incested in breeding is what they look like. Yeah, that's right. That's right. It basically kind of like all shove off the one side. So when you see somebody who plays with Tennessee, you know he must have been a recruit from out of state. Because you couldn't possibly be from like Knoxville or Nashville or another place in Tennessee. That's a strange place, baby. Yeah, that's a strange. That's right up stream from injury by the way. So anyway, thank God we got that straight. Now, what's your guy's name Omar Tavaris? Tamar Tamaris? Oh, but there's a story about that about how he'd be getting that name. That guy didn't have the story. I want the story behind a story. There's some nifty bizarre dealer about how he got some illiterate name. He's side the fact being a brother. So what do you think about famous enus? Was he a brother or what? Oh, you know it. Yeah, I do know a famous enus. He made the best guy named chocolate chip cookies. Next to those hot ones that they give you on a plane. I'm trying to think, is that a marathon airlines that gives you that? For dessert? Yeah. I'm some of the shorter flights or whatever flights. They give you like a nice hot chocolate chip cookie. Right out of the oven. With the chocolate chips like melting, you know. Oh, God. And this and this road, they'll guy. He croaked right on the air. So what they'll do? He know about sugar. But he's right. He's right. You see, God works in the serious ways. First of all, he gives you diarrhea. Which I mean, you know, what kind of a God is that? And secondly, he makes the things that taste good. Kill us. Because he's testing us again. And that's right to see if we have a little power. Well, how come he didn't give us more willpower? If you said you're wonderful loving benevolent God, huh? Isn't that a good question? How come he didn't give us? How come he didn't make us creatures of chocolate chips? Creatures of tremendous strength and emotional will. You bastard. That's what we ought to be saying. We ought to be looking up in the sky. God, you bastard you. And then put away our famous saying. It's off of the side like that. Huh? Or was he just eat him and say, oh God, that's good. Everything, that's good. Whether it's sex, whether it's sugar, whether it's, oh, I got it. There's, I'm telling you, there's one in here about earth. This is too good the way. Too good the way. From JJ, wo-dale, who cropped right on here, I got to find it right away immediately. Not sooner. Some, oh, here you go. Another example of criminals who were slaves to sugar are the cases of four women who were executed for murder in the state of California in the last 20 years or so. The most recent is Mrs. Elizabeth Duncan, who killed her pregnant daughter-in-law. Here again, a curious journalist, Eddie Joe Burnell, analyzed the character of these four women and found many similarities. These are his words in Los Angeles, Harold Examner, August 12, 1962. All of them like desert and sweets, all the women like candy and ice cream. Mrs. Spinelli, eight ice cream and pie, the night before she died, Mrs. PD, nibble candy and offered a box of it to reporters and photographers that they before she was executed, Barbara Graham's last meal was a hot-pudged Sunday. All right. It's a killer, baby. Doesn't that sound good? Not but it's not even an vanilla, but like on fish food. Oh, God. Loaded with fresh marshmallow on top. I mean, there's marshmallow inside of it already. Well, with fresh marshmallow and real rich hot hot-pudged, not like you're ordinary, not out of a jar, but hot hot-pudged, ladled right over the top. I mean, maybe like a little butter's, we've got drizzle along the side with the banana. But now we're talking about the banana split, not hot-pudged Sunday. We'll get that really thick hot-pudged. Yeah, I love that. Oh, for consistency. Can you imagine just that you can just, you can feel your bloodshed or just spiking going up to two of your 300 or 400. You can't even keep up with the guy that he needs, it's zooming up there so fast. Hmm. You know how many, it's been a cone zade since I've had a banana split? Not that I'm going to have one, please. No way. I'm as fat as a cow. But I'm just thinking about it. In fact, I'm telling you, that could be, we could do it with a service Sunday show. I mean, Rick can talk about the stock market, and I'll just talk about food. We won't eat it. We'll just talk about it. Like in fact, so huh? What's wrong with that? Yeah. We'll just sit and we'll, we'll breathe hard like Oscar Lepidon. I like lobster and cobalt. Yeah, me too. 20 bun before 11 at 5. 50 WQM all up. Banana split. Hmm. Just sounds so damn good. With no vanilla ice cream in it, by the way. That's one thing about me in the days when I used to buy banana split, which I did at a fountain, of course. Like a fresh, you know, skip the vanilla. Give me like two strawberries and one chocolate or two chocolates and one strawberry. No vanilla. I mean, if you're going to have some, it's got all that good stuff in there. I've wasted with something as bland as boring as peaking, dozing as vanilla. I'll leave that to you guys. One moment, please. Where do you find it? Kaplan. Right where you got it. Sports radio. 560 QAF. It's what's the notion in the back of the world? The notion in the basket. I got it. I got it. I got it. It's gone out of foam. And so good here. Then worry, act like you're in charge. And get some money. Then make brownies, fill with hats. And worry, share it with these presents. I think you're going to have a nice day. And we'll share it with these presents. No. So, five, five heads. And yes. Yes. Party is great. Yes. Yes. Party is good. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. What's got? No. Can I have a... No, can't find my son of us. OK. Yes. Yes. I know that you're so far. Just him and love just give him so. On a great hunt for two rolls. You'll get some better, you know, grow. And you'll get some better. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No. No, no. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. And maybe his last meal will be a goddamn hot pot Sunday. Oh. What a way to go, huh? And I guarantee you won't be on vanilla ice cream. It'll be on Ben and Jerry's. Maybe it'll be on heat bar crunch. That would be good. Hot pot Sunday on heat bar crunch. Mmm. God. Yeah, I'm serious. Let's just talk about food every day. If Neil kneels revolutionary new diet plan. We don't eat it. We just talk about it. And the food too. Because JJ Roaddale, who's very dead, said before he died. If you wish to develop mentally, one of the worst foods you can eat is white sugar and white sugar products. Add a bowl of JJ. I would like that JJ bad here, dude. But not a bad guy. Wightliness understood. There must be no candy. This is like the scene in Fanta where he's sitting in a, he comes out of the exam in the bad joint. And she's telling me he starts to put the grape in his mouth of whatever he's picking up the fruit. And just as he, no grapes, no of this, doesn't it? And he like puts it down with a sour look on his post. Right. And goes home and cooks up the kale. Nice lasagna for you. Kale and chicken for me. I, you know, you like bread. And anyway, there must be no candy, no ice cream, no soda pop, no cookies, cakes and pasties, generally. I'd invite them. You must route these foods out of your diet when in doubt, route them out. In their place, substitute fruits and sweet vegetables like the sweet potato, carrots, beef, etc. Ah, beef. Man, one of this guys did. So, one of these guys did. So, one of these croaked right on the year. Maybe this guy had too many Jewish friends who were Russian friends, they were feeding him borst, huh? You ever eat borst? Good. Good move. In fact, I'd rather, I would rather eat flan. Then eat borst, now I would rather die than eat flan. I don't know how you can tell me that you like flan. That is, it's the slimeyest. It's like eating snott. It's like a jello. It would be taking jello and coating it with snott. And then the snott. Mmm, that's good. That's good. Let me see how they got it. That's flan. No, I have not. I've had flan all over the world, Mr. I have flan all over the place. And it all tastes like slimes. And it's really, I have flan. Huh? Not my favorite Spanish dessert. But it is a Spanish dessert. It's a Spanish dessert. You know, you know, that kind of thing. Yeah, well, how about a rapazio? You always try to pawn off stuff. Usually it's the good stuff, too. You know, like the wicked weed. It's on other spics. But the Cubans don't you have anything of your own besides beans? Yeah. You have the Palomia steak. I mean, all you got is basically beans. And then you have to put that. I was worth that. That's been. Of course you made that. We just mentioned whatever that Palomino. The Palomino is a horse. Palomino steak, which is a Cuban for horse meat. And you've got beans. And you got Iliana Ross Layton. That's all you got. All these chicken dishes. You've never heard of a fucking chicken. Yeah, yeah. From chicken. You choked in the guy damn front yard. We're talking about civilized food here, Mr. We're not talking about the football. But I've been in it with you also like. Friedman. Yeah, right. In fact, that's what Iliana Ross likes to do with what's his name? Dexter in her spare time. Yeah, and then cook him and have him for dinner. But at any rate, oh, she makes me sick. Yeah, she makes me angry because I think every time I see her, I think of Rose Anne Rose and Adana. And I think what a shame it is that she's dead. And this bitch is still alive. That's a sad sad piece of news. Is that a hysterically funny lady who was married to Jean Wilder by the way, who's also hysterically funny in his own bizarre way. She's dead. And this bitch is still alive. You're the red and they're each your heart out. Okay, sweetheart. Or however that goes. Shame on you, Iliana Gross, ladies. You crazy obnoxious disgusting. And yesterday of course, because the restaurant is going to let the little loosen up with a few but just a little bit. She's a bit that that that that that that that that that that that that that that Yeah, motor mouth bitch crazy motor mouth bitch probably into many of those Palaminostakes. Here's Miami. Hello. Um, no, Mr. Colin, do you know? Uh, I don't know. Can I get the CDs? And I have another comment. I would like to think the law for them to make my city because I've been libby city. So great by residents. Right. That's right. They got the little ball baby. You want to see little bow no more. No more. That's right. I want to see the creatively my door is open now. That'll see Jim to go to West Palm Beach, right? Yep. Can I get a CD? Can you get what they're all gone? There's history. Oh, I'll give you the number you might call a state still got him. It's nine five four. Yeah. Five six three. Uh huh. Thirty six hundred. All right. Okay. Thanks. There you go. Yeah. A little bow. You want to see him. No more. That's here. A little bow. You said a motel in West Palm. Nice. How about that little bow? And they looked in there. If they looked through the crack in the door, that'd be a little bow. Peep. Is that what that would be? And there he was inside. Okay. Come with us little bow. We'll see him. No more. That's good. Get that scumbag off the streets. Okay. Let us go back to the usual civilized. Okay. Okay. Page 10 a in this morning's arrow. And the world and national news. Now it just so happens that they continue on page 10. A story that's on the front page about this kid on the turnpike they got hit by a stray bullet. Nineteen you will have Vladimir Stainth. Was hit by a bullet between open parking. Sedumized bullharg on the turnpike. Just they, you know, drive it along. Sting and a song. But I've been. And he's been going up to the front page. I've been going up to the front page. I've been going up to the front page. I've been going up to the front page. I've been going up to the front page. You know, drive it along. Sting and a song. But I'm being, you know, there you go. Walk in the south Florida, Vladimir. And the second part of that article is on this page. And right above and alongside are two amazing articles. And it shows a wounded Israeli settler on a stretcher, wielding a Jerusalem hospital Monday after gunman fired on a van in Heberah. And here's the story. 2 Jewish settlers wounded in ambush in the West Bay. And that our ninth bullet. Grays his teen headed home on the turnpike. turnpoints. And then off to the left is real to the port 11 US cultists to reout this hell until the pro bands. These are those crazy wackos that we're trying to bring on Amagetan by exactly. Israel ordered 11 members of the dooms they culty ported in the United States and police said Monday they suspected three others of plotting to him at violence in Jerusalem. Police arrested 14 members of the concerned Christians on Sunday and said the Denver base group hoped that bloodshed at holy sites would trigger the second coming of Jesus. And then Armageddon and the Bible says we'll follow through to the end. So what we got are a bunch of crazy people with guns. We got a ministerial. We got him on the turnpoints. And. See I was going to say the only piece of desert worth fighting over is Vegas, which I've always used that line about what a piece of crap is real is. But all these crazy religious the Arabs and the Jews in the Glam. Oh yeah, there was limits the holy land. Yeah, blown up. Blow out your hands. However, the only problem being well, this wasn't in Vegas, but it wasn't Nevada. Because well, I think there's only one way to come on. Let's go with this thing already. We don't have all day. One thing of the way to sum it up. That's the American. It's. Knife or shoots motorists along Nevada highway. They don't want to be left out. Reno to that a man was shot in the chest on Monday. Last night for targeting traffic on understate 80. See, and Sicily, they just had another one over the weekend where they had a big shooting. They had a rest right there. The mob and, of course, they were a little more careless than usual. They were just pissed off so much. They didn't care who was in the. But in America, it's like, hey, if you happen to be on the turnpoints or like if you happen to be on the. I, 18, we decided to through time. Three other vehicles were hit by gun fire force in the closure of the highway from the South Dakota, Reno to the California State line. The wounded man was able to drive several miles to a fire station. He was hospitalized with a wounded police said was not life threatened. Thank you. They don't got it for that. There you go. Crazy people with guns. You see, you can argue the theoretics of the gun thing all you want. You know, you can argue, you know, about the right. Just like in that book that I love that I've been meeting from about our right to being taken away. But the only problem is that the emotional maturity level of the average. American person is like about a five year old. And then when also you put guns in the hands of lunatics like the hysterical Jews and Arabs who are out there to kill each other on the West Bank, then it's the same thing. Because they're pissed off and fired up. And when you put guns in the hands of people that are pissed off and fired up, they have a tendency to use them. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Mobile and bokeh. You be there. It would have 17 minutes and 50 seconds and maybe going. Well, I can't imagine why they did that. We have an open line at Broward 5605056, especially when we be paying for it. 560705060, pound-five60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here, in fact, I think what we ought to do is have a big celebration. Noon today. Let's just string up a little bowl and a little and a little. Yeah. There you go. Let's string up. Just like the day with Mussolini there in Italy at the end of World War Two. String is ass up there. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, I got the load-down on P-Martin's name. Yeah, see, now what that name be, T-T. His father's name is Maurice, and he was conceived. His mother as a gesture to his father, one in the name Two Maurice. So instead of when they are registered in the name, instead of being Two, it's Tom. So they have put a name Tom Maurice, whatever's last name is. Yeah. So that's a load-down on the name. Instead of Two, it was Tom. The records keeper at the hospital, and set a right in Cusher's will. You can call me. Cusher's will too. Pardon me? Two, back all two. Well, there's our American money going to what the education. You know what I'm saying? Was then I was after a range of low and low and low and low and low and low. I was just before that. I have no idea, but I guess I wasn't there. So, now what is it again? His name is T. I mean, the father's name was Maurice. Right. And when he was conceived as a gift to the father, the mother wanted to give, present to father with a gift. So instead of naming Maurice, he named him Two Maurice, which is his father's name. The name of the name of the name is Tomer. He was in a great sense, meaning, where we, his name was T. Well, I don't know. He's just got a T. Tomer, you never know. Well, I don't know. I guess everybody has there a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. Everybody's got there saying you're right. Exactly. I think I'll leave his alone. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. There you go. He'd be two, two at a time. Now, do you understand what he just said? No. But, you know, he's got the load on him. I'm still trying to put the two by the tea by the Maurice. I don't get it. We have a, I remember Maurice Wittoms in the Zodiacs. He's got a lot of data on his arm line and date one at Grower. It's 560550560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, Neil. Where is Tia? Are you, sir? Great. Happy New Year, happy, be late at anniversary, sir. Thank you. Neil, reference to Cuban food, man. George, if you got to take you out somewhere. I mean, forget about free holidays and all that crap, man. Hey, holidays. That's, uh, next. Actually, I'm not glad I could say forget about that. I mean, a nice. I do like Taco Bell, though. Hmm, that's not cute. I mean, you don't like Taco Bell. Come on. Yeah, I don't know. We don't supreme with no vaccines. When I have a killer month, he's that good. There you go. Anyway, Neil, not really. Like George, the thing that I've reconpalled you. God, do I eat? I'm going to scorn, boy. Oh, I've had too much chicken. I don't want to see another. Raouls in the, what is it? Ra-Wad? Raouls in the ass. I would. I'll tell. Oh, I'll tell. See what I'm talking about. And he's actually going to be telling me about fun. I, I've seen a few. I've seen a few. Oh, I got free. Fuck off. Rita. God, I can't even save these things much like that. And as far as the third flat is probably one of the best desserts ever made. You like plan. Dude, that's not flamm. I mean, that's it. You know, you know something? He's right. This guy just hit on the edge of it is flamm. That's the Hispanic way of saying flamm is flamm. You're right. Thank you. Sir, absolutely correct. Have a great day. That flam is flam in a spun oil. Seriously, it tastes like snott. There's no, I know what's tasteless to say that, but there's no other way to it. It looks like snott. It's the consistency. It's slimy like snott. You think it's delicious, but once you taste it, it's not. In fact, we were in the restaurant in Bolonia, and they had what they had, what they had, they called that? The Italians make a version of that too, a custard. It's like flam. It is flam, but they get tightened, something else. It was flam, and it was slimy, and it tasted like a puke and like snott, and it's stuck. The Neil Roger show, now, on 5.60, WPU-A-F, Miami Fort Lauderdale. This is P. Gordon-Littie, and they don't come anywhere, then Neil Roger. Come on, everybody. Don't look here, man. We don't have to pay you a day. We've been keeping shit around. And he found it to be funny. So what you talking about? You think the punk is so poor. I'm so poor. You're fucking stupid, they can't run. You're the guy above the wheel. You're the guy above the wheel. You're the guy above the wheel. But you don't look down. You have it down and so, now. Hold up. Here you go. Here you go. Here you go. You're the punk of the party, and you're the guy above the wheel. Here you go. Let me do it, hold it. Hold it. Here you go. Here you go. Here you go. Hold it. Here you go. I'm gonna throw this dog on it. Look at my dog. I'm gonna throw this dog on it. Oh, and... I'm gonna try all the good books. Help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me. Help me, help me, help me. Fuck. I'm gonna throw this dog. A hundredth marks on 24,EEZAK quarters on Monday at liver signs. At paddle 40 the Banaathanbark workshop. The police shooting with a Black team hatred shot 12 times While sitting in Colorado flat territory off amended with a story, of course, row The web of Thursday summit teachers before their journalists recommended a federal investigation. about two in the morning said they found her sitting in the car at a gas station parking lot a gun in her lap. It's doors were locked the windows rolled up and the engine was running. Police said she didn't respond until officer's book window to get her gun. She was shot when she grabbed the weapon they said. Okay, there's that story they said. So how about if I opened up to you a bag of pain and saying this and I just, oh why? And I just sniffed it. Huh? I mean, sometimes there are things that are really very good and you just want to sniff them. You don't want to put them in your mouth because they might be bad for you. If you want to sniff them first, well no, if you're like like my dog's the big dog would go to the retriever if I put like a little something on me and my finger that I'm eating for him. He'll eat it and eat it no questions as he knows if it's good enough for me it's good enough for him. The little dog being a sneaky anti-social little piece of crap, the miniature picture, he will sniff at first to see if it's up to his standards. No, that's right. He will sniff and I think if I will screw you a little piece of crap. Yeah, he's got a sniff at first to see if it's you know okay according to his particular taste buds. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey how you doing Neil? Okay sir. Go to Cookies away. No, I'm not going to put them. I'm sitting here. I'm not going to see my world of power. All right, to the tomorrow thing. The what tomorrow? Yeah, tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow. Yeah, that kid that black quarterback. See what it was in the pottery there was the place. It was when they were kicking the field and they were like 17 to night and they showed the place. Kicrin I thought he was the quarterback because they just came and turned the TV on. I thought all my guys are what quarterback in Tennessee but it wasn't I was wrong. Well, I thought I was sleep watching the game but anyway before the show before the game they said what that guy said about him being born. Yeah. The mother wasn't born. When the baby was that little black kid was born they wanted to call him. She wanted to say two Morris. But the person who wrote out the verse certificate was a good letter to instead of writing TOO they wrote TE. But wait a minute. What kind of a name would that be anyway? What do you mean? What do you mean the guy writing an out with your little room? What was she if she's writing them into Morris? And over the center like where's Junior or Morris the second or the third? Right. It's like two Morris? I could have been four Morris, you know, either way. You tell him what's in there. But names what about Jeff? I mean can you think of a more idiotic name than that? Redneckie? Yeah. And Rick and Sir's I listen this morning because I love Sir's I mean Rick and Sir's. Yeah. And we love Rick. What did I get? The stock market? Yeah. He's obsessed with that stock market. I have made my dedication. I'm going to promote the hell out of them because I were they're good guys. I want to see the make it, they have getting no promotion from clear channel around the verge of getting screwed over badly. But if he doesn't stop the upset. And like every two seconds with a guy damn stuff and fair value was this nobody cares about that stuff. He's trying to impress us with what a guy damn stock mayvani is nobody cares. When you think of Rick Riley the last thing in the world you think of is the stock market. Let me tell you, Jeff Neil Gilbert you talk about reaching for a dial. Yeah. Well Gilbert and then he's got that adequate debut. He had on it for last 10 minutes today. And now I'm what he's going to do. And I hate to say this because I really want to put something out of them. But now he's going to do a stuttering genre pop and he's going to send Gilbert and this guy out to do the politicians. And he's going to do an exact stuttering genre pop. And that said sad. You know, you use an adequate game before Christmas. It's a lot of listeners. Now as far as Cuban food. Yes. I George taking a lot in America and if there's a good as they used to be. And my favorite Cuban food is Cheetah Ronin. Cheetah Ronin? It's we're just going to get big thumbs up. Now what is that? Eat fried pork. Is that like a tongue out on his? Eat fried pork skin. It is unbelievable. Eat fried pork skin. I mean, it's a kill you made a fantastic. Yeah. It is fantastic. That are they removed the smug my first before they put it in the batter. And that one guy said it right. Flom, flom looks like flom. It is. And the black guy that's little bow. Let me tell you something. They don't have room in prison for a pizza crap like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to sleep. I'm going to hang. Let's stonum that's in Liberty City right at noon to the other. Hey, everybody have a big parade. We'll have a party. They got two many guys with weed and stuff and prison. They don't have no room for a guy like that. Let's just say goodbye to a little Spon. And you work and in prison. They don't have toilet seats. Okay. Later, Neil. Okay. Look, that's a little Spongebob. We don't want to go Griffin to get upset. We don't want to do nothing to hurry yet. Okay. We have two open lines and not until we get up on the third floor and we're off there together. Then we'll probably be a lot of hostility. Although we had no problem with them when they were down here, except when every known and kid could, we'd go off and get them psychotic. Although we had no problem with me, there was the TDP people. Well, you notice how much better the show is going and how much share better we feel. And you know, this isn't a rationalization. This is the fact I said it as soon as they got out of here like the next day. It's likely we were prisoners of whammy for for what to be made fools out of for I know effort, horse ball, nonsense budget crap. Well, and you what you'll notice, like I said, never gotten touched with us to tell us when it was going to go off head of read about them and the goddamn newspaper. As differentiated difference, which it did not, but just to give an idea of the kind of great relationship. Well, it's all your fault, Neil. Yeah, I was the one responsible for all the technical scripts in the beginning. The fact they couldn't get to picture on them. They couldn't get the audio up. They had the big hums job on there. Two open lines in Dave County, 560, 705, 60, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami Beach, Chelo. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Great. Neil, I was just going to have to have some first. You, you're, are you familiar with the area by the Rascal House anymore? No. Okay, because they, they had this, uh, casino over there. I don't know, how could they have a, other security, no, they had some casino. Well, I mean, they have a casino over there. No casinos before. I, I just had that. I, it says casinos has like, big yellow lights that casino. And I never bothered to look in with I should, but I did see some of the machines in the front. I don't know if it's like those seminal Indian gaming type things or no exactly where is this? It's by the Rascal House of Street for the Rascal House. Oh, yeah, like right to the Rascal House. Oh, I have this, does it mean it's a casino? I don't, I don't know what. I'm sure that one of our astute illegal gamblers out there would be it definitely maybe maybe that the Humper knows something about it. Also, you know, I just wanted to concur with you about, uh, Nevich? Yeah. He's great. You really, you guys, that's kind of, that really pissed me off. I mean, ordinarily, I know these colors, they pull all kinds of crap and they try to, you know, create, contract controversy. But this asshole calls mad at yesterday, making up stuff that first of all, the only guy ever called Little Dog was Joe Rose's The Little Dog, not managed. The Little Poodle, Little Dog, whatever you want. Well, you know, Gaptoos, Gaptoos, but, uh, Jim Manish is a great entertainer. He's hysterical. He had me laugh and peeing in my pants laughing a couple of lines and came up with yesterday. I'll tell you, even though he, even he, he has to act a fool from times, even on that channel, like that ask, ask, man, did you or whatever? Yeah. But, I mean, like you say, the front is definitely definitely a talented guy, definitely a good humor about. Well, all right. Well, take it easy, Neil. Okay, pal, thanks to the good news. Okay, he said it's, uh, tastes like flim. Okay. If we have anybody who likes flim, and this audience, okay, your taste is in your, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, it is a technology. It's right. It's what? I've had bad plan. It's tough thing to get right. Flim. There's no such thing as right. It's, believe me, and Italy. I mean, are there any better cooks anywhere in the world in Italy? No. In a very, very fine, a tenier restaurant in Bolonia, which is known for their outstanding cuisine. Okay. Great meal for dessert. Uh, they had something, and again, I wish to, I knew, maybe if we had some real Italian, but they're all the way to us, the piece. What? Like my cousin makes it with cream cheese, and it's really firm. There's all these different flan-rex. The problem isn't the filling. You don't understand. It's not to fill in. It's the syrup. It's the syrup, and whatever you just syrup, but it's, but it's, but it's gel, the syrup, and it's like, it's slimy, and it's like, not. You look at it, and it looks really rich in the luscious, and you think it's going to be great, and it's not. So you don't like gel, either? I like, do I like gel? I mean, I can handle it. Like when I was doing the acting, I would have been at it. No, it's not. It's a gel, it's anised pudding, but it's gel is slimy. Unless you blow your nose in, what gel is in slimy? If you put what cream on it, it is. No, it's not. If you put what cream on it's delicious, right? In fact, if you just scoop the gel a lot and throw it away, and just fill up the whole thing with whipped cream, then it's really good. What's wrong with that? What is wrong with that? In fact, I could take one of those big containers of ready whipped some of what you have, like virtually no carbs, by the way, if you look at the labels carefully. And just, I know I'm the only one in the world gross enough to admit to you, and this, huh? Tip it upside down and just put that little hose on the end, huh? And if you do it right side up, you get a with it. Oh, I just stuck it right over the nozzle. Ever stuck it right over the nozzle? Yeah, I'll bet. 1109 at 5.60. WQM have a couple of other lines in Dave County if you're cared to join us this morning, our topic today, which is worse Gilbert or, what do they call him? Could I say a pipe? And inadequate Dave, when us? Oh, God. But I'm not going to interfere, okay? Because it could be worse. It could be gotten like, wow, blow. Could be them. And this guy said, I was so pissed. Oh, but yes, yes. You've tried the breath-pressing tablets that give you mythical breath all day long. Get out of our way, you old hag. Oh, what kind of breath you have, Gary? Now from the same genius company comes the next logical step in personal hygiene. It's the sweet gas aroma sweetener. You guessed it. It's the world's first repository designed to crawl your smell. So I'm always thinking, if we could, oh, David, why did you, hey, hey, that smells pretty good. Do it again. Hey, it will come here. This is great. Come here. Take a whiff of nails. This sweet gas aroma sweetener. In suppository form, and look for the new but day system coming soon. I've had one thing. I'd rather sniff that guy's raccoon than E. Swan. Seriously, I mean, it's just, you're never going to tell me on that, okay? It's growth-task. I'm not trying it. And it's an indication. I mean, people who we've sent them say that they're enjoying it. People are really crappy taste. But anyway, Dave County lines are wide open. Speaking of people, it was really bad. Taste 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Well, they're probably still at that big bash for the jeeps, you know. They're, they're woken up. They're shooting the guns off up any of each other. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to send an open letter as a hockey fan for 30 years and then you can pick it all the time. There's two hypinger and to Vancouver. Please take any four. You know, I'll go ahead and do it. Send the letter. We have an open line in the Broward and two in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Did the practice play a game last night? No. Anything go in, I would then other than their like 10 points behind Carolina and eight points behind the auto one. No, okay. Just thought I'd check. When something happens, let us know. Okay, sir. In the meantime, go leave school. All right. Unbelievable. Okay, we got 600 open lines. Not even 1130 and we're already like up against it. They're out of material. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I wonder if we can put our like sending guys out and go to Mr. Making calls out. Here's a lady mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hey, first time call our Neil. Great. The other day I was listening to you talk about the bad service at Windixian public and I couldn't wait to call, but I could get through anyway. I have a story about a bad service at Bird Eines. My husband went last week to pick up a piece of furniture because they were going to charge us like 50 bucks to pick up a little end table. He gets there at 830 to place open up at 9 o'clock. Soon as they opened up he gives a little receipt to the lady. She gives it to the guy who's supposed to get it. He's waiting 930 rolls around 945. Where did the guy go? He went on break at 9 o'clock in the morning. Yeah. You don't think that's wrong? Meaning what? Why are you know what time you started? Maybe you started at 5 o'clock in a more. What do you mean do I think it's wrong? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. No that's at 9 o'clock in the morning. Yeah. I opened up at 9 o'clock. You maybe we had like 200. Maybe they were doing each other or something. I don't know. Maybe they're doing each other or something. I don't know. Maybe they're doing each other or something. I don't know. They must have to take a lot of bricks. They're under a lot of stress. Don't you understand they need breaking it. To take a furniture that's a lot of stress. Yeah. I don't think so. I think at 9 o'clock in the in the morning if you show up you should get what you want yeah and that's my point it's a bad story bad service in South Florida. Well welcome to America. Now welcome to South Florida. No welcome to America it's up and Vegas is the same every place. Okay anyway the way you say plan is plan. You got to get a good loogie going. Okay have a great day okay and that's see would you want her coming to your store like an 9 o'clock in the morning to start your day? No I don't think so. I don't want to hear any more bitching on this show I want people to be nice like me. We're just because I don't like flan this you don't like me a look okay it's crap. I can give a crap. Yeah what you can take one. It's just like flan this isn't debatable okay it's like it's like custard diarrhea is what it's like it glazed custard diarrhea is flan. Oh Jesus that's somebody's idea of a great dessert. A way to cap off a great meal. Maybe it has something to do with the idea of it's being so gelatinous like that is where helpful way to speed the digestion and kind of like push it through the system you know what I'm talking about. I order a nice thick letcher or a rice pudding. Yeah because one thing I've always heard about flan we have two open lines in date 567560 and pump by 60 on the mobile one line. So after you got we got flan we got palamino horse meat and then we got I forget what the other one was. Well, Otto is good foil which is more a chicken that they choke in the front yard while are we doing their food. That means full of the stuff that you would have no idea about because you're a poor model. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I heard you mentioned yesterday in passing and I couldn't get back to you about some radio station that gloves 94 thermal casting in Palm Beach. Yeah. Yeah this file let you know the background of that in case somebody hasn't told you it used to be an old East Asian. Yeah and then I moved the old East Asian to 105.5 and for two weeks and I'm not kidding you two solid weeks they played a promo that lasted maybe 30 seconds with the background of hammers and nails they were building you a new radio station that you were going to just loved. And then you were going to just love 94. Exactly but they're building the station. In other words they're constructing it from the ground up and then when they finally put on gloves 94 I said wait a minute you know I called them it's how do you how you can struck the I know you're not building it from the ground up but you're maybe making a new studio or something. How are you putting this. It's a problem with this idiotic problem or two solid weeks and then just simultaneously have another radio station. Yeah and they said and they said well well well let's just speak to this guy and this guy and this guy and it was this is nothing they said nothing was this. I don't you're missing the point they don't care don't you understand they don't care they're not interested whether you like it or not because it's cheap. That's the American fucking way. That's the clear channel where they just open up a pot and they throw something on the air and they do it on 5,000 stations at the same time and their stock keeps going up and up because they keep breaking in the boxy without any ratings because they own every guy band station every major market. So what difference is they don't care whether you like it or not. But why did they have to go for two weeks with a hammer and they guys they're the biggest why does anybody lie to you why when you see the informers on TV they have some old fart tell you you're gonna love to be 200 if you get to God damn juicy machine you believe him you believe any of this crap no because that they're sucking you in that's why. I don't get sucked out again and have a great day. We have an open line in the Broward 2 and Day 5 6705 60 should open the famous Anderson's a little bit. No. Come on should I just crack yeah I'm gonna open it up. What I'm gonna show you what real will power is all about okay. It's actually item see your will power. Meaning what does that mean? I'm very over the front of your belt. Now I got flan cookies. I just yeah I just oh look at that. And see these don't even are these like stale or something they've been sitting out there for a long time. Those are fresh what they've been for a while. You haven't bought them in years all that. Same as they did. You're first of all let me just tell you something okay. Why why why would I even pick these up if I have I've had more famous Anis than you can ever shake your flan at okay Mister. In many hotels in most hotels in this country by the way. In places where they have like a little mini bar that stock would like beverages a couple of beers couple of sodas and then they have candy and stuff. All of them have famous Anis just this exactly same package identical that I have in my hand right now. Those are pretty crap. So just because you stay in touch show outstanding places in North Carolina and with a new Montana where the hell it is and you don't go to a hotel because you're a schlepper and you can't afford to stay in a place where they have a mini bar and they have famous Anis don't assume that I haven't had no famous Anis. They asked it is worth Carlton Chicago. I've seen lots of Anis okay in my time and I'll leave it to you. But in any way. Oh it does smell good. Doesn't it? Now I'm not convinced there are stuff hard and crunchy they were dry. No they're not they're great. Now don't don't try to tell me that these aren't good. I'm not eating them. It is you see it is open. Your witness should open and I actually have my nose not close to them. I have my nose on them. I have my nose actually touching the cookies. Oh and they're like cookies. Like I said they look pretty good but that's not. Huh? Yeah I just decided on them to try and now with that discourage me from eating them. No. I mean why the hell shit is my own not why the shit about them. I'm just I'm gonna see that was a bad move opening those up. That was a very very unwise move on my part. But I'm not touching them. Okay let's move right along we'll get a lot of help from the audience on this right here's a mobile in a four-laterdale hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Thank you. Listen those slot machine comment that the man had before. Overby the last school. Yes sir. It's such a thing. I was there Sunday afternoon. They have about 50 slot machines. They old fresh ones. They use tokens. You purchase. They do token. Yeah. And whatever you win you can purchase jewelry that they have on the counter. Oh. So it says this scan is what do you call it? Of course it is and then they said if you want to redeem it for cash you can go to one of the new cruises that they're gonna have. Yeah there they go. Oh and I want those cruise scan deals right. Right and that's basically what they are real slot machines. They're a great those damn places. And they have a video parker and everything else. Yeah. So with Israel. Okay did you say Israel? Yeah. Yeah I'm building you for seeing that they're myself. It's gonna be called the fake. You know have a great day Pal thanks for the good news. Okay see it through. Oh. We have date county lines wide open again all three of them man. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. They're upset because I ripped the sports nerd that's what and I don't really care. I don't know why I apologize for that. No way. So who do you think the dolphins are gonna be direct? I'm telling your man around those people up. We got a little slow taking care of we got him put away. Now let's round those people up because they're dangerous. Those people are dangerous not only to us but to themselves. Here's a Pembroke pine. Hello. Okay sir. Talking about I guess these people idiot how people would like stores and stuff like that. What did I let you talk about before? How people would stores? No I hope not. Sores and stores? Yes those stores. She said she was so about it. That was okay but you know no you you know love this one. Okay my mother goes before Christmas to buy a bath rose for her mother and her daughter. Yeah. Okay but she goes and she buys them and they pay for price for them and everything. Those are taken back yesterday to updance. Okay they're on sale for 50% off but when she bought them she bought them by one get one free. Pretty much the same as 50%. Yeah sounds like it's a myth. She goes to retire yesterday. She got in the lady says no you need to bring back both of them for me to give you back your money. And she said well isn't a 50% off isn't the same thing? No it's not the same thing so you know she did she bought another one she's returned both of them so she's gonna make money on them. She bought another one. You got a buy another one and she's gonna get the other one and what she's gonna do is she's gonna wait for her to get in the cheaper and take the receipts so she's gonna make money on up because they have a bunch of idiots. Great actually. You know I take it shove it up there butts you know stuff like that but they can shove it up there but and stuff like that right. Exactly so anyway um you know I'm a similar fan you know kind of sad but you know a well-bought you know life goes on okay you know there's plenty more redness where he came from. You don't wait in the air pal get out of here. We have an open line and Broward all three in date is we're coming to a precious to haul here man. We're gonna have to start sending Gilbert out. Let's take a poll on next year. I'm sorry I didn't get Gilbert out. Come on what do you think? Yeah yeah I thought they'll pay bad if Thursday was your old tomorrow well because they'll pay bad if I get a little lit of a fuck. Oh you shot them. Yeah we're gonna set Gilbert on find people first to talk to because these colors are revolting them in and run strike. They'd count you all those three lines were back on his day jacking and I think they're pissed off and they'd cause I knocked plan. Now they're all of a sudden no I'm not sure that they get very uptight about that they just don't want to admit that they're cuisine sucks okay. I mean it could be very nice people and they're not responsible for early on a gross laden but nevertheless and they don't all of your bush do they so they all of your bush are just most but I mean you know don't take it out on me because you got crappy taste five six seven oh five sixty and pong five sixty on a mobile one line how's that Palamino steak doing by the way I think he was in the fourth race at Pompino last night by the way fat witches in the hospital is knees all busted up what I got too many people in the hospital these days no I'm catching the hospital fat witches in the hospital the way I felt yesterday I thought my doctor was gonna put me in the hospital he looked at me and said hey you're fine I said you know what you're right I'm not 100% I got a little a little uh flush Roger's got you I Is You started in line. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Writing out a check as you're farting away. But they won't accept checks from the bank to Pompeii. So she powers her change first work. And these are two bomb and dime. Boy. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Harding is long. Till now. Okay, here's the little boar and he tells people when you young people out there who don't have to make your strings with this. You stand in online like at the express checkout and public and all of a sudden you like control yourself okay, little cheese silent of course so that nobody can really take for sure but it's crowded there's a big line okay or you're an crowded elevator and you of course a little bit of a problem but silent they can't really be sure and the way you react immediately is you start looking around with a sour look on your face like who the hell did that because I've done that oh yeah I've done that the public's like had real bad I mean nasty I mean the worst and the air is just seeping it the air the air the poor of your body is just loaded with the aroma and the other people are just ready they're gagging and ready to pass that and you start looking around like the only time it doesn't work is when there's only two of you like I'm lying or the elevator because I hate to break the boost you the other person knows they didn't do it okay I know that comes to the great shock but when you start looking at them like now it's not an incredible work pal I didn't do it here's a lady in poor waterdale hello yes man hi this is Mary D for Fort Latterdale long time listener one time caller but I have to get you on the flying meal on the flame yeah because the the flame is very good what is it flame flang LA and it's X for me if it's cooked with with the right flame on a plane and then I started doing it online it's excellent if it's done properly it's not slimy it's all delicious caramel it'd be slimy by its green nature the the definition it's like oh but it's not though nearly you have the proper one and it's done right it is excellent I'm married to a tube and that is easy and I'm telling you it's excellent he's one he's easy easy oh he's he's a mixture of everything but he's wonderful yeah I just wanted to let you know that so I were too much of a flame yes he does okay well listen tell him no I teach you out of pronounce it you'll really enjoy okay I have a great thing I bought she likes her flame the flame in Spain well I can't believe it the people let you up here remember have yes I remember him from back before he was married with a child is not amazing how these strange people just kind of wander in here we have an open line a date one in broad five six seven oh five sixty and palm five sixty on the mobile one line here and then we see working so yet this morning by the way stop buying shake our hands say thanks for all the free publicity and plug in our show even though we're desperate and they're relying on the the debatable a day and the Gilbert did we see them yet no nice going guys but I don't even when you hear I thought they would just down the street they must be up there in Hollywood maybe they're gonna stop at Georgia's house and have lunch with crystal here's North Miami hello yeah I remember just go to Tampa and have lunch at crystal yes sir oh good morning I'm great and that can you and the same view I'll listen my wife and I are all looking to adopt the dog yeah yeah and what would you recommend they you're shelter or a a reader Neil a shelter or a breeder yeah I would say a shelter well we want to go to a beater for lunch you want to pay a lot of money yeah go to a shelter oh I keep a story I mean can you recommend any anything and I want to know what can I recommend what well I mean can you recommend any leading shelters any leading animal shelter yeah that's right yeah I would go to the lead it's called the leading animal shelter get out of here okay and don't do it there's no dog in the world that deserves you okay don't do it get yourself a nice pretty cat okay get yourself a snake a serpent or a little kitty cat a cobra would be good get out of here can you believe that I mean oh I'm by the way I hate to I don't want to get sour but I was listening to a thing on the radio the other night have no idea what station was even I was punching around practically looking for something I was in a gambling show and they were talking about again is greyhound thing I realized that we do have you know you're always reluctant to get in this because the dog track people is which basically flagver and Hollywood Greyhound is there anybody else left I mean no this gains out of business so we don't have to worry about Ken Maldon losing the job because nobody did Ken Maldon's another great guy by the way how to have Ken Maldon this radio station even though he's 150 years old he's a great guy but if anyway they were talking about all the dogs that about the the breeding that goes on in the dog waiting I've been talking about this for 20 years I've had pros and cons and back what he's do those boring topics we used to have shows on this and the animal lover see because I happen to be a dog lover as you know and the idea that they're breeding these dogs like zillions at a time and then they're guessing them if they're not fast enough to run if they get to well this is a scandalous thing of course the dog track people that I like oh yeah we try to find them all good home well do you find them a good home if you guess that like thousands of years every year this is unbelievable this is uh... unconscionable what goes on there just mention that in passing it's almost as unconscionable as this guy getting a dog not don't do it sir there is like I said even the rottenness the rotten lilyler don't deserve an owner like you you're a bozo what all i think we can tell me something about the dogs we have it all what you don't know nothing about dogs open line of day five what dogs everywhere I've lived everywhere my life yeah and you have a plan to but that doesn't mean anything about it uh... it's hard to get right i would get that i mean somebody could have hemorrhage all their life to that doesn't mean they know anything about hemorrhage having something you know it's not like for skin you might have for skin all your life that doesn't mean there was something about it all about it all please in fact i see a direct relationship between flan and for skin maybe that's what they do maybe they maybe they slapped the uh... they slapped the smug on the flan maybe that's what it is that's what a great salad here's candle hello yeah i can't that's what i can't that's what i can't that's what's a fried ice cream you're at it i've heard of it i've never had that that that's another good one well yeah no but somebody's like somebody really sick in the uh... i i don't know i i've heard of that very often fried ice cream i hadn't California at a Mexican restaurant you've been fried and had ice cream yes i have i wanted to talk to you about to say the same as i met him when i was a California you've been saying this and i thought you i worked at a kiss uh... and the last and he uh... he you know he saw that company about ten years ago to uh... another company and you've heard the story about that no well the first all his cookie no i i just bought some of this got back for the supermarket you have some famous and it's not yet i was at one of these little bags are is it like the big bag so it's a big bag is a little bag were were you know more expensive and they had it on sale and that's a good excuse yeah so i was really nice guy comes from Hawaii and he sold uh... the interest in this company about ten years ago he made like large moist cookie he had a restaurant on a cookie place on the center of bovard and yeah uh... and like now this one the same a miss from a miss and a d was no no no no won't want to go yeah and so anyway those were my guys anyway yeah but so the new ones their good they are good you know but their their hard and they're small you know yeah well i got something like that yeah i want to i want to terrible i'm not it is terrible you're right okay but it works all right okay hey i'm i'm getting my car registered here in florida and it's really insane the way they do it here i just want to get your opinion on the okay you can't get a driver by the way do you think that guy that called them and they're going to get a dog absolutely not no and by the way i'm at the end of the week when i work at a radio network and i was angelic sure yeah oh yeah i'm glad yeah it's great great demand yeah it can be called it like any steedens or something like that he didn't use this really um... when you get your car registered down here you can't get a driver's license until you get your car a smog or uh... inspected you can't tell i stick that thing in your back building exactly and then you have to call blackmail they want to ten bucks about it they couldn't hear a lot if you're emitting every kind of pollute and that there have been invented some that nobody ever heard of as long as you give them the ten bucks here you go have an ice day you're absolutely right they call you know care in california what it is it's a charge you uh... you go to a gas station you don't go to a state inspection you go to one of uh... a million gas stations that are licensed to you smog working what they do is they say i can get your car to pass for fifty sixty dollars right because first time it always comes up to you failed you know so anyway uh... you have to go to the registration thing and then you have to go to the tag agency that this is what i need to ask you if you've been in florida for for many years and on basically new or down here you can't get your car registered until you get your bank from other states to mail the things flip to these tag agencies and if it's a lease uh... no no if it just a register if you if you have a uh... registration you have to have proof of it so they have to send a document to whatever bank is holding your pink slip it well what do you mean whatever i don't understand the don't you have a registration from another state to the car yes i do so why isn't that sufficient i it's a florida law that they have to have the actual possession of the pink slip and that has to be mail to the tag agency i don't know that yeah it's ridiculous anyway the tag agency the local tag agency that really doesn't speak too much english here yeah um it's a letter uh... yeah and it was like they're off to the cartley read it and i thought so what's the point because i'm like uh... eighty five minutes past the break your what okay no just the thing is that my bank is refusing to send it for the because they've never heard of that and i was just wondering if you knew why they have to have the physical thanks flip so that you could register your car because of legal on note here no no no no no i didn't know well somebody will tell you all right okay good luck pal thank you don't need it okay twenty before no it's five sixty w q m of the work you find thank all birds white where you got it for a radio five sixty q a m dumb jack i know someone like to do some some what's not true hit most that skinny chick the skin is she i know you're just bleak that hero and he he's not full of the flow hit most that skinny chick we want to know what's the deal the closer grab when you're in rehab your worst than alley mix bill she there go back to his little alley uh... before it's uh... sixteen two-note at five sixty w q m anybody but in the past what is that oh i see i put it on once he got me all a rattle in here we have two open lines in date five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line who do we want to thank we want to thank our good close personal friends and tony's named abruna bread well be are as close hey listen that's a step up at a right direction that got the first letter and a second letter right night's gone the old year go he'd be old in the sea now like me old in feebrale from eating too much plan but anyway thank you so much for a route the uh... see i shouldn't say this on here because then she's going to you're out in the evening little many stony soup okay i got a little touch of the fluid almost completely gone a little zoo putt can never hurt okay in addition to which by eating the misdemeanor so i'm still eating my famous a.k.a.s over here in your witness by the way on cust on eating untouched by human hands touch by human nose yeah but not by human hands i you know and you would the more you know something i'd ever thought about that be for the more you smell it the less you want to eat it put the first one in your mouth and then of course the sugar and you become just ravans then you start like uh... you want to get a one break in all the box in the cartons out there and at twenty pounds but if you sniff it and the cookies too it it uh... not that good doesn't smell that good here's a four-laterdale hello right now yes sir one time on the building on the gold ocean uh... ramaad in yeah that three floors and i had elevator and you're the other you see when i'm calling for another floor and uh... i thought that one rippin there and uh... i have an adult though i'm locked yeah and i let it still up the other and i love it excellent that's beautiful that's that's what i'm going to go to this world right and then go back down robbing watch the people are out great that's the new hobby baby yeah excellent i love it thanks there you go that's one of those guys you always wondered who was it was him yeah the dog done it no was him we have an open line in day two and brought five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line you put the famous aina silver there in a corner okay so we actually had a guy who met famous and is called today which i'm pretty excited about that anybody out there meet the kernel no look at these points today you know something it's a new year yesterday for a Monday up till about one o'clock we were kicking some pretty good answer and new people are dead again i'm finally getting my health back and over a little touch of the flu here i'm feeling like almost human i got my blood sugar nice and low there which i know you're keeping track of which is more important than the guy they have stock market because you can have all the stocks in the world of once they stick your ass in the ground don't be any good and these people are just the same type this is such a the pressing place that's what victor just said they got there a lot of here went up to North Carolina what is out you're everybody going to North Carolina what is up there is something there i'm missing out maybe they have a lot of flan up there he was right it's what's not there as in and then your people any people know your people that's what he told me of course you couldn't hear it through the window that's what he was counting on he realized how to win those were we have an open line and date one in brown five six seven oh five sixty and pice at all is who he was done here managed to stay uh... you have to stop eating all that flan and choking chickens on the front lawn maybe we make a little progress down here uh... that's what caused you no seriously that's what uh... this guy says this doctor rodeo he said that's why as if your swars is acting better you know he used to be we are not a great guy but he used to be almost rational once upon a time and then about two years ago all of a sudden little like that a crazy man they're swars just out of his mind and righ in elections and do all kinds of other crazy things are just acting like a man glad that and it's too much flan with that god damn azu car baby too much sugar that's what it says right in here it says if you don't believe me in about that crazy bitch that eight uh... hot foot study on death roads are last meal just look at how they are swars and i rest my cases what he said just before he croaked on a decade of a chau here's a mobile in hollywood hello hello yes sir yeah i think this is me a call the afternoon to take a photo just one and the reason you are called the afternoon i thought you're calling yesterday you call yesterday you were born yesterday and you're still born there can instead of god damn thing you send we have an open line and did one in rower five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one i said that guy back to Brazil trace that call we got enough but and about people you're already okay can we get like a few americans in his town no Jesus Christ it's like there's a funnel you know they have the chunnel over there between the London and uh... France here we got a phnotchannel we got a funnel there's a huge funnel coming from somewhere i think it's to the south and it just never stops they just keep pouring in here and i understand it's great in Brazil okay go back there and dress up and drag you'll fit in like a rubber glove okay it'll feel just like a finger here's Miami hello yes sir you don't got it great he's um... you know i got a switch watching you station channel seven the biggest choke of a new station you agree or you just discovered that or is that a bulletin well i just moved here about two months ago yeah sure the taking you about five minutes rick that i rick tension because i thought i received yeah i mean we have a good way to do news down here yes it is it's a good thing now where you're from chicago okay we'll have a safe trip back in the don't get lost in those four feet of snow we have an open line in date one in grower five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line humania come down here from out of town and you want to have a conversation about stuff that we've already talked about to the blue in the past is rick sandwiches got a change the channel seven are they doing very well and make it a lot of money because a lot of assholes want to watch hypervettelady curds crazy hysterical new year so they go they're making a fortune there are in his channel four billion eighths no step firing anybody everybody inside because they stuck and other try to imitate channel seven and channel ten is try to imitate channel seven in fact pretty soon there are only beach channels seven it'll just be on two or four different spots on the dial one of the biggest final case channel seven there you go and we can all watch which he sent his hypervettelady in hovering over the metal and drop in a load on her okay dropping his bomb over he goes yes in our an embarrassment they got silly people on there and i guess you need to go rewatch the movie network and this is what our deal was talking about at about the em is news hour all that that's what they're doing it's patty tri-assky twenty five years later come absolutely true and that's television news here's a mobile in bokeh hello mail yes sir it's fun it's not flan it's flawed i know that all right that's what i've been calling it all day is flan and rick sent us is an embarrassment to self-blooder yeah that's all i got okay thank you okay this guy was already on hold okay he had no material he calls to tell me out of pronounced something already know how to pronounce even though that bitch was saying flames and flamb and flambay and whatever she was talking about Jose and rambay why don't you just go out of flambay Jose sounds good to me we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty five six the upon five sixty on a mobile one line here's Miami hello hello yes sir i'm going 24-year-old who's your family see four who's from my office just came back from North Carolina over the winter yeah and i wrote a hug to say about that but i'm happy if it's we've been up the east coast maybe the maybe this this funnel thing that we've got there funnily all the way up the east coast and then they're gonna meet like somewhere between new jersey and North Carolina because they're already like indicted in New Jersey and the whole east coast of the country and of course we got the Mexican's already in Texas and all the Mexicans in California pretty soon this is just going to be Mexico true uh look about the flying forget about flying there baby i got then Taco Bell on every street corner to which i say all right well you want to know about a forget about flying tri-threats ledges and legions genel I've tried that again pound cake that soaked in like three different types of milk yeah fattening yourself but hey that's what you want traced legions dress legit okay three milks okay see you all right okay that's what i'll see the board and count over always are in two we have an open line in date one and brought five six seven oh five sixty and upon five sixty on the mobile one line we're talking cuban cuisine here today anybody interested anybody know about any good cuban cuisine no then i told you about the Columbia restaurant and service so these said oh that's not cuban that's Spanish food all that's sangria in addition to which when you drink enough sangria you can't taste the food anyways for what they're in the rest of the larity it wasn't good it was the food there was never good everything was loaded with beans how about it when i was in Madrid was the food good there no way that's not cuban food you've never had kids big food man spikes are spicks why are you gonna get with it okay and stop when you're in a interfera for lawful and i love lawful okay all that's a very volatile day yeah and couscous i bet you wait and there are a couple of couscous in your time we have an open line in broad couscous in fact if you put a little couscous if you're spoon them over your flan and then you like not all over it's delicious seriously i mean flan is not on it i don't care what you want to see we're gonna have a four hour discussion about that here is this Christ it's like a vanilla ice cream thing i said here are things that are so basically a panily obviously you could the rate Charles could see it and these people don't know you're wrong it's i love vanilla ice cream i know flan is delicious it just you don't know yet to the quiet taste yeah so i get to spit here's a mobile in the dear field hello yes sir did you happen to catch the romance channel lately no no we'll fill Henry on there no you don't have any more you still is on the romance channel do we want they they portrayed me and his new bride to be they had a spot on on how lovely they're wedding was i thought they're over dot are you sure uh absolutely positive great all i want to say have a great thanks to the good news okay tools in LA by the way just that i'll mention it not here we have an open line a date to a broad word five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one on recon suds are here mornings on a spupa talk nine forty i just thought it mentioned it again any interest no not till a stop by and they have the decency to thank us in person for all the tremendous promotion level given for them oh i'm serious about that nobody will know that they stop i see a suds would do a baricca such a pussy you know he's just such a uh coward i mean just because they fired him and he had a big for a job is that it is that a reason to well not stop by disay hi okay i love him fifty five and five sixty double you QA and if you're feeling lucky you this suit by the way is great from my tonies which is located that one ninety thirty four forty one there you go well it's the least it is there's a little bit of a plug there for quite a lot right Brad Brad is that right here thank you delicious stuff now what did you get from them now sure you got some little more than the stony soup fried cheese and a Greek salad yeah did you get a lobster termador where do you find Joe Rose just a farce and see gold sea the first team right where you got it sports radio five sixty QA L what can I see will be WQAF my amy fortlaterdale i got it was where we don't have time to be bothered with love of us on the years stuff we're having a conversation off the year that's much more important god damn water's positive good it's great little bit distracted okay it works the notion in the basket it makes it all up it works the notion in the basket it looks at both the relative it works the notion in the basket when the eyeball falls out it works the notion in the basket that it has to hold it out it's the notion in the basket but I have to get a question of notion in the basket it's the rubber done by Brown here which the notion in the basket I have to try to eat my schizyu okay let's learn the notion in the basket I said I said I said I said I said I said I said which might be in my legs I said oh yeah I like to dance around this way is it oh be so the love's quiet today is oh me I want to look for like the wolf or my name is Paparolville it's the notion in the basket it makes it four by six it puts the notion in the basket I over my pp it it puts the notion in the basket how much does it go it works the notion in the basket I got my schizyu in the Brown equation oh not the best for the so busy and what after the tobacco people which might away is one of the real black-hand stars after bubble because he's the one with big hot shot attorneys for the tobacco people besides being a fashion-friendly Nazi but besides that how come there's so busy going after the tobacco people but the sugar people can do no harm baby and I hear it see I said this to my doctor yesterday and he said you are absolutely correct that more people that he sees and more people of every doctor in this country he's with heart disease and with stroke and with diabetes and every other guy they melty are clogging or you're clogging of the arteries are dying from too much can something of sugar are refined carbohydrates then will ever die from smoking all the tobacco products in the world put together and he said that's what he said that was my doctor who knows his crap okay but the government doesn't care about that did they care about that oh they don't not your phony bastards okay about your hypocrites is what they are probably shouldn't have their smoking up a storm like the doctor don't tell the we's on the treadmill and fatso and the doctor's sitting there popping out of see that's the thing with the right winters like in star they have decided just arbitrarily they decided that the public are after the wrong fact it's okay forget about those cigarettes those cancer sticks those are okay those homosexual those are the facts that we have to like weed out so to speak as in wind and doubt weed amount here you go two open lines in day one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in market hello mobile in market hey Neil yes sir first time call or two deafkake listener all right you ask if anybody had talked as a Colonel I try to put a deal together with Arnold Sanders back in 1965 yeah this set up service for Kentucky price chicken it was came down to the papers and the last minute he changed his mind and we've ever put the deal together mm-hmm well he was a how old the gentleman he really was and I saw his the handle life story biography on any a couple weeks ago pretty interesting and thanks for recalling I guess that was the end of the story I which wasn't pretty interesting okay we have two open lines in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's homestead hello hey Neil happy to hear and back to you they got a little information for the guy that was trying to register his vehicle yes what they think you do and they won't watch have two titles for your vehicle and you have to have your vehicle titled in Florida in order to register it in Florida so what they want is his pink slip or title from California and they're going to destroy it and make up a Florida title charge him a title fee right and then put the bank down as a leanholder and send the new title back to his bank so just a scam to extract a few more bucks sure yeah you know and then you know once he pays it off to release to lean and he'll get his Florida title for his vehicle um they get a shameless request yes sir sport no wooden and not this okay thank you and have a great day thanks for being told there you go sir it's another scam it's another rip off like the $10 for sticking the pipe in your back to them just to other Florida scam okay two lines left on the board boy it's going to be a long day today I thought yesterday went by like grease lightning and I thought today was going to go we're going to grease it up again too but after that flan talk I guess they all went out to get their uh to get their custard and then do a little two open lines in date count he five six seven five sixty and palm five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's pompano hello yeah Neil yes sir I don't but okay hey listen um my kids are down from Pennsylvania for the Christmas they they listen to you I love you they love you they're doing your sayings up there in PA I gotta find out where uh I can get a hold of your tapes so I can send them up north they absolutely love you well you know call center ones you both they got left they have your lotion and emotion saying go one up there and the oh and and I like I said they they actually even wouldn't want to want to want to those two yeah okay just call out five six three thirty six hundred and I'll tell you whatever they got left okay all right yeah a great show but okay thanks well I there you go we got them do what all kinds of weird stuff up in the Pennsylvania yeah which is the way we like it we have an open line of day to and Broward find five in West Pond six hundred and four miles let's start the new year off here and pretend that we got some enthusiasm to talk about the six you seven hundred thing that Neil was talked about here today huh around this good as dinner read this guy damn stuff from uh what's his dead guy the died on the cabocho JJ roadale and that's right in the and the letter the doctor wrote to the editor of the British medical journal June of 22nd nineteen sixty three he asked if it would be advisable to check all admissions to metal hospitals for low sugar the reply as it is important constantly to keep in mind the possibility of a psychiatric state being due to an organic condition such as hyperglycemia meaning low blood sugar okay which explains what are so many crazy people out there because eating too much sugar causes your blood sugar to go away up first and then drop way down which is why they tell you that bull crap about getting quick energy go in the candy bar which causes an immediate surge in your blood sugar and then just a couple hours later you feel like a crap you want to light up in a corner hybrid eight like a beer just like after you need a big big meal loaded with carbohydrates and by the way the good news is the famous aint is still sitting over here by touch it no I'm not gonna touch it no no way because in fact that's the cure for a name just come out something maybe if you're all factory nerves are doing pretty good yeah if you hang around in the old factory and well at those melt too good but when you open open and then you start eating it you get to taste of those chocolate chips and the sugar in your mouth right away the fact that it is not that great to see that's one thing George was right about those famous aint is aren't really all that great here's a lady in Naples hello hi Neil yes man happy new year to you now same to you I want calling about this custard the Italian custard that you're trying to think of yes I think it's a bionney is that a you only yeah I think that's what it is no matter a fact there's a thing about the bionney and here in this article you must be psychic like oh I'm serious now because I read this last night a guy you have this to me at the track and it is most amusing that there are a couple of things here I'll find it oh no it's not in here it's in one of the books that I'm reading about the bionney oh yeah that's probably it it's a custard and it's got a dimer saw a wine and yeah that's it it's not loaded we should have that there's only two tables oh no it's in here wait a minute a reader of prevention magazine writes pure yellow la guarda one time mayor of New York City used to eat the bionney for dessert almost every day this is cherry wine sugar and egg yellow some of his closest long time aids broke with him in his last term as mayor because he became so dictatorial in the bionney sugar is the major ingredient so this group ball is JJ rodeo who decided that near uh to your well it became a la guarda rather it became a lunatic because he was eating too much about the only loaded with sugar are you like that oh no about that okay loader with zucadol well I just wanted to call in let you know and then um happy new year too back to you sweetheart bye bye there you go it's about you only anybody had any of that lately no and it is uh the bottom they do put that slime there it doesn't stop we have an open line in drower all three and day five six seven oh five sixty keep plug it those numbers I heard manager today even like they got all that to the sports stuff going on the bowl games and the dolphins coming up all the other bull crap going up pump those numbers pump those numbers pump them pump them pump up and then 90% of the calls was basically the same one call anyway hey Jim how do you think that all the different new gates to Denver oh yeah how do you think Denver's gonna do it yeah how about that uh thin air out there five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the AT&T wireless line just work your stuff up into a frenzy meal is it gonna do any good now they don't care once a dead head here's holly with hello hi Neil yes sir are you doing okay for that guy that wants to get his car registered here yeah I've had my car down here for four years don't have him bring the title down get a letter from the lean holder saying that they won't release the title unless the car is paid off well uh no kidding you know and then what then what happens after that you get the letter and you you know you get the letter you bring it to the dean and you're in a different motor vehicle and with the old registration you switch it over you transfer the registration I've been doing it for four years you don't need the title from them okay we're tracing the call okay thanks a lot okay we have an open line in the dead browner and all of the five six seven we're down to like one or two calls under one call that's it okay well we made it to the little afternoon that actually when we hit the Berlin wall if we got somebody tore it down already that's usually when we write it right into what very very sand place it really is just like a victor in his wife and there's little a baby what was the baby's name um I forget you forget I forgot you forgot the name is a little the little girl or a urchin yes well anyway they were in here they love it more killer and we're talking about how they came back here for the holidays and how much they hated here like poison they wouldn't see here for a million the world I don't understand what that's all about five six seven last call for calls for some kind of response here on what's turning into a deadly Tuesday against can this possibly be happening to me oh Jesus Christ five six seven oh five sixty and pomp five sixty on the AT&T wireless line five oh one one I just took out the best of hustler and I'm starting to feel heat some of the icy people checking out my buttons by seeing there I got a first class who lives up before千 ma jean来ramaNEW He was born to, possibly the mother to the gate of the basement. Just see what he would do. He was just feeling that he had his father's room. There's a pretty little ghost that she's waiting for his post. Down in the jungle room. We're sporting all this as my friend. It's feeling a five-foot-foot-foot. You can feel a 40-foot-in-is-as-well. Feel I can ask you, who's after will, we'll spot the door in the basement. It's almost impossible to spot the door in the basement. We'll be like, who's after all. For 14 at 5.50 in the QM, so anyway, we're going to take a pull our question today, as it should reconcile, keep doing those stock things. I was just saying that you're a drop-in, but I'll say it on here. As long as I'm going to promote the show, maybe we can just improve it a little bit without him. But at any rate, the stock market thing, if some real pair, a real pair, he would say, God damn it. Cut the crap out of the stock stuff already. God damn it. Yeah. Because it's a terminal, man. If it's a kiss of death, it's a death now. I mean, it's Rick Reed that dumbed. He thinks his audience, it's like our audience. Is this audience one here that like every five minutes? No. Of course not. Like we're talking all the Wall Street crowd here. They're all sitting out there. They're sitting at their computers now. They're trading online. And they're all listening, you know, for stock tips. Oh, yeah. And Rick and Sudshow. In between Gilbert and Deliverwood Dave, or whatever that asshole is. Jesus, God Almighty, and come on, Sudgod. Damn it. Yeah, man. Okay, kick him in the ass. I know you have a little pair of some more. You got some BBs. I mean, Rick's taking all the goddamn money out of that show for Grena. I love him. And you're sitting there like a hundred links. And you're really the funny one on the goddamn show that everybody likes. Now kick him in the ass, God. Damn it. That's right. And stop what his stock market stuff. I'm going to have to like go back to seed easy again. We have an open line at Broward 2 in Dave. You people are so goddamn slow today. Man, it's like, I'm on. I'm on speed and you're on Dougie down. Is that's the problem? Air v day of my life in this time. I'm going in one direction. And these people are like in the bag. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound by 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Anybody, we only touched 622 goddamn things here today. I'm going to hear something. I'm going to start eating the cookies. That's see, this is frustration. You needy. They don't even smell good. You're just making a excuse. No, I'm not going to get frustrated from these goddamn bastards out there. If we don't fill up all these lines in the next 30 seconds, they're going to start eating the cookies. And if I eat the first one, I'll eat the whole bag. It's like, hold it a gun to your head. That's right. This is like suicide. Now, here's a diabetic sitting on the air with an open bag of famous aimers. Okay, famous aimers. And look at that. Is there any response? No, they don't care. They don't give a crap if I did blow my brains out of me. Oh, that neosure was funny. Wait, go out. Yeah, who's going to be on the wall? They don't give a crap. Do they care enough to send their very best to very worst? No. Nothing. Look at that. Five, six, seven. We got 20 seconds here, man. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60. It's free. We pay for it on the AT&T Wireless line. Are those lines filled yet? No. No, they aren't to see. They don't care enough to send anything. Even to pick up a guy 10 seconds I got left here. Before my blood sugar goes skyrocketing from a beautiful 84th that it was when I got up this morning. Now, finally, you got the guy to just with three seconds left. Oh, man. Put the bag down and calm down. Like, aren't they in hang on? Okay. What was that? If you wanted to save your life, but it was a punky whoo, he was right on the bottom of the head. Oh, we don't put no punky whoo, he was down there. Time to go eat some flan. Okay. Time to go slide. Stick some flan on his back. We have a slippery day. Okay. Time to slide down a slippery slope with the help of about 20 pounds of flan. That's what I, you know, everything was going great here until we started that flan talk. And then things started really skating downhill fast. I was about to do it. I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah, you know, something every time I beat that I brought it up. That's right. I mean, like, that isn't it. Man, it's like eating oysters. Do we like oysters? Yeah. You do? Yeah. That's like eating snott. Yeah. How about I, I could never eat them. I've never tried them because first of all, I'm not that big on seafood to begin with. I do like clams, but like in clams, you know, it's cooked. It's cooked. Not raw. Oh, god, the idea. Raw clam. That is not. I don't even know anymore for this. And oysters, people that like drop them down their throat, they go in the barn, they're dropping like oysters like a clam. I'll drop it. Or you've done this, bro. I'm telling you right now, it's not. Jesus, correct. In fact, that's probably was on a dress. Maybe it was just a big clam. And what about the snails? You have a real snail. So all the fabric begins to smell. Oh, you've also eaten that. What do you have? What do you have? Like snails? Sure. Have you ever seen a snail? A living, breathing snail? Absolutely. And you've got one of those in your purse? Hmm, right up with some garlic and butter. Oh, Jesus Christ. No wonder you eaten Palamino for lunch. Here's a lady mobile and avid, sure. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. Great. I'm looking at you. Right on the edge of a famous Anna suicide. No, I don't want you to do that. God damn audience, man. These people are so hard to get. How does anybody make it in this town? That's what I like to know. Well, thank God for you sweetheart. You're the only barrier between me and a definite sugar death. Well, listen, I have a question. It's a big question about that. That's good in the most lotion in the basket. That's good in the lotion, yeah. Right. Just like a little band of garlic. The bubble of milk on Georgia's employees. But I don't understand the correlation. I guess the heat that I had to do is to make sure that the sugar is not too high. I don't understand the correlation. I guess the heat that I had to do is to make sure that the sugar is not too high. I don't understand the correlation. I guess the heat that I had to do the movie. But could you point it one more time just so I can really like pay attention to it. And while we're at it, it's what? What? You mean the whole bit? It works the lotion in the basket. Yeah. But if you're all coming back to me, I think I'd watch it out because it was very disturbing. I've seen it was very disturbing. Anyway. And also, you know that bubble of milk on that's the thing on top of my egg often. Yeah. Well, that would be a good one to play too. I think if you... I played it yesterday. I just got through playing this. Yes, today. But maybe... I don't know, today. And I played it for like two days before the... But the boy, have a nice day sweetheart. No, no, I'm thinking because of the bubble of milk on that you're going to play now. Could you play at least the other bubble of milk? No. What? Can I play one? No, that bubble of lotion in basket. Yes, I will play that. But the song, the bill song, no. No chance. Have a nice year. Get out of here. Oh, boy, she what I mean? I mean, I don't want to request. I want conversation. I want to subscribe. I'm going back to the cookies again, okay? So, that wasn't what I was looking for. Is a bunch of people just to fill up the line. She doesn't want to talk to me. She just wants. She wants. If I had pretty tickets, she would want that too. She wants me to play this. She wants me to play that. She wants me to play. It puts the lotion in the bars. About 400 times that God then builds the thing again. Yeah, but wait a second. Exactly. I just got through playing it like five seconds ago. These people are so wonderful. I'll tell you what. If I would see if you allow the lunatics to run your asylum, it's like the guys that do the sports shows on this, some marginal radio stations. They let all these gamblers call it in and run their shows. It's called the tail. And that's the wag the dogs syndrome. They can't talk about what we were about. And Obama knows laundry heads over there. It's the wag the tails syndrome, man. What is it? Wag the wag your ass dog syndrome. Letting the inmates run the asylum. If I did that, all we did here, we hear that bit. And we did a bridge ten or 20 times today. And then we could say, OK, goodbye, go home. And how do bad idea? God damn bridged in, right? I think you ought to be here's a mobile and cool for city. Hello? Oh? Yes, sir. Hey Neil, how are you doing? OK. Yeah, we'll talk about the flow. I went to a major fast food restaurant and it's down the way into my big Mac. And the guy gave me a change to give me back a Canadian quarter. And normally I wouldn't say anything. I'll never have that. Now, man, it's worth about, let's see, you know, I'm hurting, and I worked too much. Right. So he came back and he's waiting on the sandwich. I said, I'd excuse me. How you get another quarter? Because we don't take those. I said, you just gave it to me. He was after get a supervisor. So the supervisor came over and she was with the product and goes, well, he wants a quarter back for this. And then he was at the moment. He got a quarter. And they looked at it and then she goes, OK, give him a quarter. How about that, the two pack from Tennessee, whatever his name is, two Maris. Yep. Well, my material. OK, and don't take any wood knuckles, either. Yeah, that Canadian change boy, too bad about those tourists. I would not get in all those prizes many as we used to. How do a tourism was down? I hate to break the news to you because they like to give you a big, they like to lie to you. A lot to chamber commerce people. Florida, tourism down in 1998. That's right. Vegas, way up. All the other tourist destinations, way up. Florida. Down. And of course, there's a well, you know, the luniage to a first of all, those people don't spend 50 cents here per capita anyway. So don't even count those frogs. Who the hell needs them? That's the best thing that ever happened to this town. Open up a little bit, OK. And by the way, Sunny Rose and Berg were setting you to Quebec. OK, you'll fit in there like a rubber glove. You love the smoked meat up there, Mr. Open line and date county. Come on, let's get that line filled up in date county. I got these famous in, as can you hear them? There they are. I got them. I understand, it smells just a little bit better, almost edible. In fact, if we had a little bit of slime to put on, I'm like on a flan. How about a flan would like chocolate chip cookies in them, round up with those. There's all these alternate recipes. That's all you know what they have, which are like in, in, um, in, um, um, um, I'm just a, um, where the food generally sucks. But there is one dessert that we have in this one place. What the hell do they call it? Whatever they call it. It's got all kinds of like different ice creams with, um, butter scots syrup. We'll hot butter scots that they put over and they've got like cookies, like these famous in, as similar kinds of crumble up all, you know, around it through it in it. Hmm, let's just sit around and sniff it on the ear. Hmm, God. No, we'll just talk about it in sniff it. I'm telling you, it's a great diet. Is that line in date County ringing yet? No. Okay, here we go. Famous illness. Don't do it. I got, what? 20 seconds. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Ponds. See they don't care. That's the thing. Well, one thing I've discovered year after year after year, and the days have come in six. The days have come in and feeling I was dying over here. The day when I thought, remember when I had my tongue thing like all messed up from this, I was welcome to many of those crappy cigars, tell where those are, the denim and lights that had were made out of paper. Good call. Yeah, exactly. Dant them in life. They were killing me. They were great cigars. Don't get me wrong with all the respect of my friend Nick, but they were killing me. So it wasn't worth it. Was it worth it? No. No. But did they care to this audience care? Because like, God's rail donner is dead. Remember rail donner anybody? No. You don't know what you got till you abused it. No. By the way, my doctor said congratulations on healing of your bruised rectum. No, the last time I was there to see him, I had a bruised. He came on here. I'm the only, I'm the only, in fact, I'm in a Guinness Book of Records for that, by the way. The only person radio personality in history, in the history of the business ever to admit having a bruised rectum. I'm the year, okay? With an act of rest because an act is his, by the way, he's a faggot too, which makes it even more embarrassing, but that's not how he got it. We think. So how do you like that? So my doctor says when you're a rectum, I'll heal up, but I'll then let. Maybe he'll call it when my test results later on today before the end of the show, huh? He's a great guy. He really is my doctor. He's the best. He's almost like not a doctor. He's just like an ordinary guy who knows his stuff, but he's not one of these guys that he has to put on the white coat and impress you and go through a big song of dance. Although when I got there yesterday, he said, oh, hang out a second. Let me go upstairs and get my coat. Well, he does want to put on his white coat, because otherwise, 26 past noon, otherwise, you might not want to pay at the 560 WQM. I go back today from vacation at the six o'clock. We got booster talking baseball, kind of a delicate time to be talking baseball now on the station. Isn't it? And then the 830, we got the Panthers and Phoenix in penis Arizona. You know, pizza loft is not only home of the world, it's not the world's best pizza. Okay, Jeff, it's South Florida's best pizza. And I, you know, having been in Italy a hundred and twenty five times, I'm not going to be as you in the world best pizza. Of course not, but it is South Florida's best pizza. It's consistently delicious, three different kinds. New York style, six o'clock in style, the extra spicy, full ganzis style. And pizza lofts got tons and tons of great dishes at very, very modest prices. That's the one thing you love about pizza loft. Everything is fresh, it's delicious, big big portions and teeny, tiny prices. They got the best garlic rolls you've ever had in your life. And all kinds of combination did is if you can't figure on one single thing, they got chicken dishes with meal and eggplant and stuff, shells, those oddity and manicati. What is it? Luzati and Luzanya and Manicati? Well, whatever it is, it ends in a bowl. You'll have a gigantic bowl with even after eating it the loft, that's guaranteed. And they also have all your favorite sauces. You pick not only the things you want in your combination plate, but all the sauces you want on there too. But they're award-winning Luzanya and Stramboli and Calzones and Super Sub's Chicken Cachituri. On their traditional pasta favorites, spaghetti with meatballs or Italian sausage, big Zidi, Turlingi with cheese sauce. They are all fresh delicious out of this world. Pizza loft and the pizza loft pies on the University drive between Griffin and 595 right next to Nova stuff Eastern University and Davy right behind Pierwin import. Either they have a deliverer to take at home, call 954 9168880. 9168880, ponate field by the way needs no last and last more money this year during 1999. The world tells you why, but he's lots and lots of money. So bring the Gothamish Poha in there for an inexpensive delicious meal for lunch. We're dinner for late night snacks in between over and over again. Pizza loft, not the fastest, not the cheapest. They just be the best. May again, booch when you're done. This is Kevin. Hello, hi, Javier. I'm a student getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has many requests of these things. All of these things. Mm-hmm. And there's one drink. More extra with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I can't. I'm not there. We're doing the lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens stopped crying yet, Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm not looking actually. We can tell you that only to you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Puffer L'Obell. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I'm not going to. It's much the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the person? It's much the lotion. It's much the lotion. It's much the lotion in the basket. It's much the lotion in the basket. Okay. Do you like to make it a point? Do you want to call me bad? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the bottle like that. Do you know? It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make it a point? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello. Okay. Am I okay at this point? No. No. I can't handle it. Okay. 12. Thirty-five sixty-one. Somebody in day to hung up. Here we go. Fifty times. Seriously. You have to scare these people. You have to blackmail them. You have to threaten them. You have to brow beat them. This is one hell of a place, man. You have to find the first fifty people who can speak English here. Here's Carl Spitt. You have to do it with fish food. Yeah, you're right. Do it with ice cream. Your stuff isn't worth doing. Focus on it. Ice cream. If there was religion based on ice cream, I would be there like this. I mean, I'm in withdrawal from that at the moment. For some reason I've got a temporary control over my fish food craving. Really? Oh, yeah. For many a day there, I was stopping at my mobile station like every day and getting a fish stick on the way home just behind me over. I haven't found those loose like they get all air funded in the pint. What do you mean you haven't found those loose? Don't have the mobile stations of the ETT station. There are every mobile station in softflore. It's got the first year. They're not in the regular pint, they're in like they have a separate freezer where they have like all the ice cream bars in the craft. Yeah, mobile stations. There will be mobile station ice stop and it's got a mobile on full Mingo right by 55. They got them all the time, guarantee. I'm going to have to hit one of those. Yeah. And also, public is got them. And where they have all the ice cream stuff you have to look hard because it's in the middle of all the crap there. There's probably next to the S-car go. Yeah, right next to the oysters and clams. Right. You know that's what I call it. S-car go because no one would eat snails. Oh, Jesus Christ. I can't even imagine trying it. That means maybe it's good. Maybe it's delicious. I don't know. I'll let somebody else find out. Do you self-a-saving now? Do not take those cookies in your car on the way home. No, I'm on. Because if you have to be in that traffic on 441. No, I don't go on the traffic on 441. Is it right over here to the turn pack? You think I'm going to go on this traffic on 441 north of the earth? Do you have south to the terpikein? Well, yeah. We're right on the corner. I was there in 441. Okay. Because I was over there on business yesterday and I had a, I went up to county line roads. No. No, don't ever do that until they get the construction finished in about 12 years. I was right. I would have done it in my car. I would have put it in my mouth. Exactly. You can't get there from here. What you've got to do is you've got to make a go south just to 190, the Honny Hill Road and go by Chuck's subplacence stop for a sub. And then you go out past P.V. Park right into the stadium there. Like when you're leaving the stadium there. Like when you're leaving the stadium and then you jump on the terpikein. Right. Beautiful. And you'll see my good friend Sylvia there with the red here in the year along Red fingernails. Okay. Now don't eat the cookies. I appreciate your help on the on the traffic. Don't eat the cookies. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye. God bless you. See there's a guy that sounded like he cared. He said, don't do it. You're a young man. You got your whole life ahead of you. Take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge. We have an open line. And of course the irony of that is is William Holden died with a bottle in his hand. Well, he was a great actor. You know, William Holden. I also come to find out. I saw a movie with him from in the 40s. I remember talking to my mother about this couple years ago. I saw an old old movie. You know, a real old ancient black and my movie. He was a real good looking guy when he was young. Go holding. Did you ever see when he was young? Yes. I mean, I didn't tell you what right away. But yeah, he was a really very good looking man. He'll hold him. Wait. Huh? So much that trip was that him? Could be. I'm not. But that was in the 50s. That was 54 or something like a 56. He was the young man and then. But you're task. How old do you think he was in network? 70s? Really? Not 70s. 60s. 60s. 60s. 60s. 64. And guess what? He's good. That's right. They find him with a bottle bill holding. But you know, something I can understand. All those movie stars I never used to be able to understand with a fame and a celebrity and all their money. They can't go. They can't even go take a leak in a public toilet without being a head. Oh, hey, Mr. Holda, good. I've got to. You know, after a while you just become so neurotic. I can now understand it after that tremendous success we had on the way. You know, you can't even take a leak. You can't even go and go in a goddamn ice cream section and get yourself a little thing of fish food without people. Oh, hey, hey, I like your shot. Are you? I thought, yeah. In fact, I'll tell you how bad it's gotten since that TV show. I was sitting on the toilet seat this morning. And a little voice came up from the bottom and said, you are the most unbelievable asshole I've ever seen in my life. Yeah, from way down inside the toilet, of course they were looking at my, uh, breakfast at the time. But at any rate, here's Miramar. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I always appreciate when you bring up the evil as sugar because I'm a hyperlissemic. Yeah, you're hyperlissemic. How low does your blood sugar go before you go into a near coma state? You know, I'm going out of where the numbers because I was always, I was, I was listening. I was totally unaware of it. So I was in a service and medical officer gave me eight hour glucose tolerance test. Yes. And before then, my life was like a roller coaster might might. I've been down. I've been down. I've been down. I've been down. I've been down. I've been down. I've been down. I was someone down with Captain Clonch and fruit loops. And I would just go nuts all the time in school. That's why all these kids are hyperlissing. I'm telling everybody laughs to me. They think I'm making it up because they're still overloaded with sugar. And that's why they have to keep them given that ridlin and all of a sudden. So they're correct because it's a sugar shop. And I'm not sure if kids are OD done sugar. That's why they're blowing each other's brains out. It's a basis for many of my problems. They told my parents I need psychological health and blah, blah, blah, blah. And I really was totally unaware. I really thought I was really familiar and stable until I realized the heyman, my diet is full of sugar and what was doing to me. Right. And now I'm a grown man with a seven year old my own. And it's a war with my wife to keep cookies and the little dessert treats in the other house. Because it's right now the number one thing. Wait, wait, wait. You're telling me that your wife is combating you and bringing that stuff into the house. That's a huge bitch. Yeah, that's right. She has a sweet tooth. And my daughter and my daughter, who has almost no sugar and diet most of the time, she's my wife's sneak in some trees for her. I watch her just go bananas in the house. And I say, look, theater. Can't you see the difference in her personality? It's like a drug. What's wrong? I'm so excited. The records like taking up and down is the same time. I've said, you sure you are the most intelligent call I've ever had in my life. Varne on I've been saying for at least five years now on a year and they never get a response. Sugar is the most addictive, the strongest drug, it more than heroin more than anything on the face of the earth. And these people all like, yeah. And you want to know why they left because they don't want to believe it because they like it because it tastes so goddamn. That's right. They don't want to hear the goddamn truth because they can't handle it. Because we're addicted to it. And you know what it does? It changes your personality. You call it deep psychological instability. Look at me. Look at me. I'm a madman. I'm a lunatic. You want to know why? Too much goddamn sugar, man. The only remedy is to keep away from your keep. Are you like these cookies? I'm just smashing this memory and thanks to you. How do you like that? I just smashed them up in a little bit. Of course I could look them up now. But I won't. And right in the old trash can. How do you like that? And my life revolves around eating vegetables and a bra. I'm around with a few vegetables all. And that does kind of a whole week. Like I eat a lot of the canned vegetables to a very good few. But these things I found really statewide is a blood sugar. And a weird part about is a two stage effect. There's immediate effect. And there's a long term day to day to effect. Right. Sure. That's right. And your hand will clear. You say, hey, I hope my doctor is listening to this by the way, who ballooned back up again just like I did is getting real chunky. After I got him to lose all that weight on the egg inside. I hope my girlfriend, Dr. Mark, was a great guy's listening right now. Because he's starting to balloon back up again. And it's not worth it. And you think a lot of people they get up the sugar initially. And then they say, I'm okay. Now I go back home. They realize the effect. Or like it's just like they know. They're sugar. That's right. You know, it's just like you see that really, really drunk for seven or eight day straight. It would take you four or five days to straighten your brain out afterwards. You might as well hold and look what happened to him. That's right. And sugar to the same thing. Well, God bless you, sir. You just then you just spurred me on to destroying famous enus. Yeah. Oh, one more thing. I have a call to a long time. I'll give you a clue in a sports. Okay. Okay. Okay. That must be the guy from Miramar. Is that who that is? Whatever his name is. Good guy though. He's seen he finally enough for the sports. We're not talking sports. That's what he meant. Now what a goddamn sports prep. Okay. We got 20 hours of the rest of the day. Then you think that all of his career really beat Denver. You think Denver's going to be, oh, Jesus. Come up with something new and different. Okay. Come up with something new and different. Like you think the Browns are going to be good. Whatever they start playing again. You think our model is really to kind of asshole that he portrays himself to be. There's. Oh, God. All those Hitler come in. There. We have an open line in Broward 560, 7505, 60, 655 students. You know, I can't threaten them. I got to go. Well, I got to, I got to the elotion in my basket. How do you like that? Yeah, right there. I got to famous enus in the basket. Mmm. Oh, they're still funny. There's, when you crumble a lot, but you're easy to like just, uh, gummen. I'm getting close to that age. Oh, I do have all of my own team team. Think of my mother. You know, she's got all of her own team. Very good. She's 117 years old. She still has all of her own real team. Nice going, ma. 24, 1 at 5, 50, WQM. Cool. Cool. Cool. Maybe let's turn this mother out. Top. Top. Match. Rapper. Is on my TV. No one heard of him before. All the same is pop. Daddy, I said that. Pop. The match is rapper. Oh. Oh. Be here that long. Not a lesson learns to sing on the right of Rick and Saul. Nice. Pop. The match is rapper. Is all over empty. Only because of one shot. No. Not for his PIG. That's my guy. Maybe one shot. If making it this way wrong. He can't shot that best friends. Be king. Bloodshed. Ball. Still. Good dog. Good dog. On the ball. 44 to 5, 50 WQM. So how about that little bow? The cops got a little slow. You won't see him no more. Okay. There you go. Everybody in Liberty City. Go on. We're having a party baby. Open line and day one and bro. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. That's the good news. The bad news is that anybody who doesn't pass our literacy test by the end of this week gets fixed. What do they want to or not? Well, don't you think that I'll be a requirement for reproducing is to be at least a literate? Shouldn't that be like a requirement in America to be able to reproduce is to be literate? The articulate. Can you tell us that I can bigger than your thumbnail? Are you ready? Special ed? Then who'll pick the tomatoes? Next we can. We have an open line and day one and bro. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60. Okay. We've got to have Taco Bell. You'll key at O'Tackel Bell, baby. Like those little chihuahle. For somebody else. Not for me. That's what you ought to get that guy that called earlier that Jack has. Get you a chihuahle. It'll drive you nuts. If you're not already got it. If you don't have a head start. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. It's the under the top of us. 50 is gray house. Yeah, there you go. Hey. You know, it's all a response I got in that by the way about the gray house scandal they don't want to talk it. Didn't know for an out in these people. I'm a spectator. I'm a spectator. Yeah. It does me. I bet on him. That'll kill you. Less than a. Did you plant a bridge? Did you get after the day here? We have an open line in day two and bro. It's 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Hi. I got a couple of things to talk about. Number one. I hadn't heard the show earlier, but I put on the TV last night to watch the game. What do you have to say? A husband's name is Maurice. I wanted to tell you talk about that. Talk about two more two more. Two more. Two more. Two more. Whatever their name is. Yeah. Okay. That's all. The second thing. I'm in my office. I'm a spectator. I think there's a lot of people talking. Well, it's supposed to be freezing, but with the windshield factor, it's supposed to be even lower. Yeah. We'll say have a little black sand bowl, okay. We have two open lines in day one and bro. Boisey and chronic man, a real chronic. I don't, I don't that little boat comes over to your house knocking on the door for a little boat. Peep about three o'clock in the morning. Okay. Kind of like shake you up a little bit. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Hey, New York. Okay. You're just a younger ant that fell off the sea. We need to exterminate it when here. One, you know something else. I'll tell you what. I'll pay for an exterminator. If I have to pay myself, I'll pay for an exterminator coming in and spray this place. If Greg read his two-godda and cheap to keep this place sanitary. We don't have this place to be a bug at a festive toilet. Like over in Sheridan Street. Go ahead, sir. Yes, how you doing now? I want to come in yesterday on a gentleman who called about the hockey game that he takes. Okay. We'll call somebody else to, okay. Because you're chronic. Richard recognize that voice. Chronic. Open line and Broward all three and day five six seven. Oh five sixty. Pond five sixty on the end. This is the, I just give up. I throw my arms up in here. I'm going to reach in a way. Spacket and let the crumbs out there. I'm just going to lick the crumbs right on the bottom of the basket. I'm going to stick my tongue and make a motion in the basket. Like that. That kind of a motion. Any interest here today five six seven. Oh five sixty. Pond five sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. I'm starting to get my sign that's acted up again. It's this audience. It's my astoutherde allergies. That's what it is. Dr. Mark should know that as soon as I walked in the door. She just said, yeah, you look okay right now. But that's because you're out of that building. Or maybe it's the bugs. Here's Rob Palm Beach. Hello. Hi. Whatever your name is. Yeah. No, I wish George would have a new year and I wish you. We'll quick about that. The dogs, the gray house. Yeah. A parent Palm Beach is gray house. I'm not getting a thousand calls about that. So we haven't got them animal lovers in this audience. What a bunch of deadheads in this town. No one of this stuff goes on in this state because everybody's busy with their own goddamn craft. Yeah, they're all saying, but they come right now. Yeah. What a bunch of laggers and slaggers and we got in this place. They bring the dogs around and they're like it's like they eat with ninth race and they bring them around. They have to bring your kids whatever they're there. And they bring the dogs around. And you can bring the paperwork. You actually sign up to adopt these dogs. They do it right there at the moment. Yeah, but normally people can adopt the dogs. That's the problem. They do something like rabbits. They turn them up like a puppy factory is what they are. Don't you understand? You see you're all fixed in their shots and all that. You know what? They're all they're all been taken care of. I'm talking about the ones that they guess. Oh yeah, real shame. Thousands. Listen, they make their money and they dispose of them. That's what they do. Well, listen, that lovely. Yeah. Great. Isn't that a wonderful industry, huh? Can I mention something else? Yes, sir. But that's real shame. And I hope we more people will take time. We'll take time. We'll take time. Well, they're exposed being Now he's changing by who swings, creeds in the heart disease, diabetes, diabetes. High blood loss senior, high blood loss senior. And I got to hand it to that guy called earlier about it. All of it about the kids. Yeah. Because my daughter's the second grade. And we were having problems with a doctor. So we got to put her on medication because he's too high, but she wants to enter seat in school and all that. So if we took her off the colors, the additives and, um, right. And to sugar-fight that, I mean, you see the change you would not believe the change. I was not always saying, you take the colors off those kids and they're at a new time to change as immediately. They've been totally different to breed. It's amazing. Yeah. It's totally amazing. And I'll go around the public now. And I still get the school because it's basically your natural stuff like that. It's going to be by that. Wow. Now, a lot for people that eat Ben and Jerry's is one of our fine sponsors. That's what I eat. Please don't tell me because it's natural. What does that mean? Wow. It's loaded with sugar. It's like injecting sugar in your veins. Right. But I try to stay away from all the chemicals and all it. I mean, I'm sorry. I mean, I had to sugar the problem with me. I grew up in sugar. Let me tell you. I'm a bad guy. I know a whole listen. On the way home here. Yeah. My home in West Palm. That's a little fun. I stopped at public. He's talking about the famous game. And I just bought a 12 ounce bag for $199 there. So what are you talking about? I'm going to be dammit. How does I listen to you? And I got freaking hungry. Oh, okay. I'll never do it again. Will you not do that again? I promise. I promise you I'll throw them out. I can now on the back. Do it. Okay. Okay. Kill this for real quick. Yeah. I got to go now. I'm going to talk with famous famous. Okay. Yeah. Anyway, like. Yeah. Anyway, uh, I think I'll come on. Come on. Come on. I think like, why don't I call it. It's put the motion in there. I'll get out of here. Why didn't you quit? Well, I'm just a hit. Okay. Just go feed the frogs. Okay. This guy's given me a big lecture about his kids in Cynthia took the color out of me. It pales into winter nifigus. And whatever, I'll let him in. I'll make some lot of sense. And then he goes on and goes off the deep. And because you know, because we're weak because we're addicted to it. Why don't you admit it? You crazy people out there. Why don't you at least I admit it? I'm weak. I'm a fat slob. I'm addicted to this crap. I'm absolutely totally addicted to it. And the goddamn government that's so worried about the tobacco and the kids. And the meantime, there's more kids that you're killing out there. All of your little kids. I'll guarantee you those little kids that they're holding up in here. Shake it. I'm like they're goddamn uh, a moraca at the hockey games. I guarantee you those kids are so hot up on sugar. They don't know their ass from their rectolia like that. And if there's a difference, okay? Because that's what America's doing to their youth is their killing them with God Them sugar. Everything that you're sticking them out. And then of course they take the kids in the store. And not only are they running the show at the escorting events and the dictating that kind of behavior that's going to go on. They're dictating what mommy's going to buy in the supermarket. I want this mommy. You know, instead of wham, you know, right in the face and set them flying to the moon like Jackie Glees would say, I'll buy what's good for you. Okay. And you'll keep your goddamn mouth shut, Junior. Are you'll be in a goddamn pizza oven so fast. You won't know ponytail from your rectum. That's right. That's that's the way to do with it. Oh no, we don't want to do that. You never strike your kid. No, don't ever discipline your kids, okay? Just keep threatening to discipline them. I never do it so that you really have a lot of credibility. Yeah, right. Just smack a little, you know, I'm not talking about abusing your children. I'm talking about when the time comes. You show them who's running a goddamn ship instead of being led around by the nose because it's a lot easier and more convenient that way. Because we have a lot of weak people out there reproducing. Anybody can reproduce. Okay. Does it take any great talent to make babies? No. No. Takes no talent whatsoever to be able to do this. Does it take any intelligence to make babies? No. Like a whole bunch of like maybe a litter. No. But to raise them responsibly and we can keep shaking our energy. We don't understand what isn't going on. Letting a bunch of little kids again, it's the wagged the dog thing again. I'll over again. The tail is wagging the goddamn dog and the kids are wagging the goddamn parents' asses. How do you like that? Do you like it? No. I don't. Pain in the asshole of brass. Here's a mobile at West Palm Beach, yellow. Absolutely correct. Absolutely correct. I agree. On the money. In the elixir toilet, people. How's it work out? Great. Excellent. Thank you so much, man. I'm telling you I've been doing such healthy numbers on that sea. It must be the sea. I'm happy to hear that. You have to write elevation. You got it. I had a question for you. You can't get it. Just the right vibration of the sea is the right elevation. That's what Jesse Jackson said. All right. If the fits it must. Okay. If it fits you, you can get it. I'm going to run with fits. I'll almost say. Hey, you were right on the money with Rick and Sud story. Have you heard about up here a little bit north on Clear Channel? Let's see. Right away. No. I see. I see. I see. She's going to be around in a couple months. Oh, you. No. I can't. I can't. I can't get up. I can't get up here. You're running a couple months. Well, let's see. I've been dealing with that. She didn't come out and say. But I called it. I asked her screener. He was like, I, you know, we don't know. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like that. Then you know. Yeah. You never hear. I like the way you should never say that. I figure you would hear a first of something has happened. Have heard. Yeah, well, so we don't really care that much about what I hate to break the news to you. But with all the respect, you know, that market. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal. One thing. Yes. The queer square maps. Clear square dance. Well, the gay square. No, I think we're quite out loud. We're too far to square dance. All right. Okay, let's see. Okay, fine. I'm just not. That's my friend. That's your guy. I'd love to hear soon. Run along to the gay square dance. Got a great big zipper in the back of the pants. Get off the horse at the old barn door. Got the Santa Barbara round on the right on the horn. Look at the staff. They're dancing all around. There goes Johnny and his mother's nap gown. All the men left. All the men right. All the men need to the pillow to bat. Give your partner a silly smirk. All going hands for a big circle dirt. All on here is all raise your hand. Who's gonna be the next ever fan? In fact, your partner, home for a drink. Lift your lips and give him a length. With a great big smile. And a great big smile. And a great big nod. Let him know your dirty clothes. 1256 to 560 WCM. The next act up 29 points Rick. And the dow is. Oh, see they saw come on you jackasses there on CNN. Where's my seeing searching for signal? Is it raining outside? How to help can ask me. Wait a minute. One moment please. 275. Oh, there it is. Wow, that was up 95 point. Oh, the next act up 29 which is like almost 150 points. All right. There you go. That will give Rick a lot to talk about tomorrow. Okay. We have an idea. An answer is that our poll question yet. We want Rick to keep talking about the stock market. No. Not that I want to interfere with their show. But since I'm that promoter now. No. We don't want to hear any more about that. No. No. No. Stop. No. By the way, if you're here as well, I'll add a clumps. I'm sure you'd like that to stop too. Right. If you want to do something about a call or a good friend, surely I'll hear you. Because he's been helping out guys. Schlepper's like you. The two of them are the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They're the two of them. They love me and we love them. And Charles will give you a $200 discount on the purchase of that new hair system. So forget about that. Well, Sunny Rosenberg look and that Wayne Hypinger look and God forbid that Bob Eisenberg Oh God, that did rat on your head. Look, forget about that and call our good friend Charles after you start looking like a mince years and years younger and feel better about yourself too. Call him toll free and tell him you want your hair back. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. It's a lot of two hours. And now they're picking the nails you've tried on that. Our filthy andlerina for the by-addiness. Happy to have even somehow go to the price that are at your phone apartment at your late-time. And we ain't myself. There's no best before them. They're all all dry. Let's go play some. And in your church would you be a rock before we lose our head. Take a tan of that old like that side of mine. That's all I've got to do. That's me. That's me. We have an open line in date. Here's a call in Fort Myers. Yes sir. We have two open lines in date. Five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line. I mean, we live in a kind of a tourist world. I'm not looking for perfection here. I'm looking for a little bit of sanity here. We don't have any guide damn dog. And by the way, the guy that called before that jackass about two hours ago. You know what this guy reminds me of? Oh, you need a one-goer to Vegas. Can you recommend a good restaurant? Can you recommend a good public restroom out there? Can you tell me what kind of toilet paper I should wipe my back? Go ahead. How about I go out there to Vegas? I mean, you talk about helpless and hopeless. The land of the lost. Yeah, we're going to, should we go to a show? Can I recommend him an outstanding, what was he talking about? A like a place where they have stray dogs. A thing. A kennel. A kennel. Not a kennel. A public where you go into like the pound shelter. A shelter guide damn it. Is there an outstanding shelter? Well, let's see. Here's a shelter that's rated very highly. And this guy's going to get a dog. I say stick him into cage and let a dog out. Let's swap one animal in a shelter for one asshole like him. Wouldn't that be great? Then we could go throw him a bone. Yeah, here you go. Get down all four is vital. He'll change their names to doggy names. Well, name that will name the dog Charlie. Well, name him Fido, okay? Or maybe he's just even an asshole. Two open lines in date, five six seven, five six. Yeah, what kind of dog should I get? How about a one with a tail and an ass? How does that sound for his start? And four legs in a nose and maybe a couple of years. Jesus Christ Almighty. How about a miniature picture sounds perfect for you, pal? Why not for your alley guide you deserve each other like a match made in heaven? Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. How well? Hi there. I wanted to call about the Greyhound comment here. I was wrong with these people for Christ's sake. Well, these phones should be smoking it without race. These people are all care about human life, canine life, any guide they have. Life except their own damn life. If they have one. That's that's a habit too. A lot of people, they're just not aware of how the Greyhound is treated. Yeah. And all they need to do is to be made aware. And then they need to know what to do after they are made aware, which has never go to a race track. Never support those places. They are actually going out of business on their own. There are a lot less than there were before. The Jayhons, yeah. And they what they've had to do now. But that has absolutely nothing to do with what's going on with the dogs. That's because there is too much competition for the dollar. And the per mutuals have failed to attract younger people. And as a result of either going out of business like crazy. You're right. That's the most important part of the company is the simultaneous thing. It's the simultaneous thing for that they all be closed right now. Every moment. But if we can reach just three years show the people that perhaps go for the simultaneous, well, to just completely boycott the Greyhound races all together. I'm not looking to start boycotting Greyhound races. I'm trying to get some people to intervene and do something about the breeding that goes on. And the destruction of all these goddamn puppies. They're right. When I'm talking about. Yeah, they're actually isn't organized. I know I've talked about it a hundred times a year. But nobody gives a crap in this crowd. They don't care. Well, there is an organization called Holly Dogg, who actually they adopt out Greyhound, but they've rescued. They adopt an out. Yeah. That's right. They do. They send them to Manitoba. No. Actually, they're, it's in Florida, South Florida. Yeah. They don't talk to funny as I do. And they do good work. So if anyone would like to adopt a dog, they can always contact Holly Dogg. Holly dogs. That's what they're called Holly Dogg. Yeah, they're actually in Hollywood. Okay. My life is in trouble. Wouldn't think they were in Arcadia if it's Holly Dogg. I just thought they'd point that out. I want to say I enjoy your show. And I am glad that you are in sense. Because just listen, I'm going to tell you something. Any person that doesn't love dogs is a piece of crap. I'll tell you that right now. That's not my opinion. That's the fact. Any person that doesn't appreciate and love dogs is a person that shouldn't be breeding and wasting a fresh year. Right. And a lot of people actually, they just are not aware of the suffering that goes on. Right. And I'm thinking, because people aren't cruel on purpose. They just need to be made aware of how the animals are treated. What do they mean? They're not cruel on purpose. The people that are doing all of this are the people that are supporting it. Well, that's got to be stopped. Absolutely. I agree with you a wholeheartedly. Okay. That's why that you're saying that. Thanks a lot. Thank you. There's a lady that cares. There's one. Does anybody else out there give a crap? No. No. No. Of course not. There's two busy word about stopping for God damn famous ainess at publics on the way home because there's such weaklings. That got for strong people like me. What do you look at? I threw it in a waste basket. I had it. I was nodding. I said, here I had to bag open. Okay. I have it here. And for once in my life, I'm not saying very often. Maybe because I had that soup. So thank God again. Thanks Brad over there at Tony's. Forgive me that I'm in the strong. And not always that. But what's actually better? See, the point is what's the point? What's the point? What's the point of my sitting here and preaching and pontificating? Because these people, it's like try to get a response. I've got a damn rock. It's like going out and getting drunk. It's like, when you're in college and you drink 25 gallons of beer. Okay. And at the time, hey, and I, your feeling of pain. And you wake up in the morning and why are you doing it? You know that the next morning, you're going to wake up in a sea of pukes. And you're going to have a bad headache in the hangover. And you're going to feel like death boiled over for hours or maybe even a whole day or two. And you still do it. And like me when you're diabetic and you know you go to the store and you pick up your pint of fish food and you go home and you put it in the microwave for 37 seconds. And you sit there and you just shovel it down your post. And you put all of God at taste good and you have a temporary euphoria. And then your blood sugar goes skyrocketing up and you can barely move. Like you're all your butt. It's like you're frozen. Like a clock at the macarina. Like you're suspended in time and space. Even though ahead of time and the wrongly reason you do it is because you've addicted to it. You're hooked on it. Open line and draw it to and date. 560560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Preaching to the preaching of the masses out there they don't want to hear it because they like it. It's good. We want to hear you talk about food again. Come on. More about that than in a split. About the autaraper. About that flan. But that slimy sugar coated crap on the bottom. I want to bang the end of the plot. Okay. Bill to God and Monica for China. All right. She let's out a gigo. When he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. You can't go in her with a line, she's all mine. Well, he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or humans. And then Hockens saw the term. Seeter box means to her naked. Stars reportedly to go in life. I said, China, it's my hand he's in a lot. Nothing's in he was working hard. Late night in the ovary office. Working on the practical joke. It took him back in Nudo for the exploding. Loading for my girl was flowing. He was the slow. Bill to God and Monica for China. She let's out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, before Bill that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband, Bill that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom she was mown in mown in how far will two in her with Bill those bombs. Bill to God's Monica for China. She let's out a gigo. Every frigging time he makes a wiggle. Monica is not the kind you can do in. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, can't he send me? Yeah, I've touched my fur his pattern. Oh yeah, I've touched my eye. What you gotta do is take a tip of Bill over the car. And put it in a frown for you. And put it in a frown for you. What an emotional thing. That's 15 to five, 60. So how that 13 year old kid that's turned out it was Bill Cosby's getting not above us? Is that the deal? I mean, it's, you know, where the hell is it stopped already? What are we going to do about that jackass on the internet? What else is name again? The jackass report? Oh, the jackass. I've tried to block it out of my mind. You have the drugs report. I mean, enough is enough already, okay? Stick this cigar in your rectum at Baby and your backpack and cut the crap already. Anyway, here's my test results from yesterday. Most of them from Dr. Mark. Still alive. No symptoms of inflammation. No infection. No this. No that. But it would be pretty much better when so on. What about that cholesterol on your wound? A little bit high. 214. 1,200. 100. Only 2,4. Not that great. LDL 148 should be under 130. HDL 42. But it should be a lot higher than that, like all the way up to 150. Not that great. Blood glucose 1. 18. Not bad. Not too bad. Anything else on every significant? Let's see. A potassium? What is that? Everything looks okay. I'm still alive. But you know, something that's good to have this done every now and then. I'm assuming that he wanted me to put this on here because Dr. Mark is now a big problem. What about the union? The doctor's union? That's what you're trying to start. HMO help is available. It says problems with your HMO. You can get help from the HMO patient advocate program of the D. County Medical Association of the Alliance for Aging. As in. Oh. Call 305. 6704357. If you're having problems with your HMO in date 305. 6704357. The Broward County Medical Association got a similar program called 954. 9381101. 9381101. The programs are set up to help patients of all ages who need assistance dealing with HMO and healthcare professionals who have trouble getting quality healthcare for the HMO patients. Data collected from complaints from the programs. We'll be sent to the Florida Medical Association statewide central registry to try to clean up the mess. And it is a mess. Okay. Thank you very much. What does that say? Ragon me on the air again. Did I rag on him on the air? Did you see this note? What did I just get through? I'm not doing that. I think he's done. Oh, about being fed. Well, that's not ragin' on you. That's trying to save your life like I did a couple of years. I go when I inspired you to get back on the Atkins 4 or 5 years ago. And you lost all that weight and you looked so great. Yesterday, you admittedly were Pudgy again, Dr. Mark. And you were a great guy in a tremendous doctor and a superhuman being. And I don't want you to croak on me until I'm ready to go out town. And after that, well, now he's a good guy. Oh, here's what's all this other stuff. How about that white count? Want to see that white blood cell count? Where is it? Where the hell is it on here already? Doc? Oh, here it is. 9.1. That's normal. So if I had like some raging infection, if my body was fighting your own sand, I got a little tiny touch of the intestinal something here. And already I'm starting to get a hypocondric attitude again. Like I was when I had that pill doctor. And is ready to pill doctor syndrome? He was a real beauty. Oh, you got a cold eye. Let's take an EKG. Oh, you got a hang day, EKG. Oh, just happens to be a cardiologist, by the way. Oh, here's a call in the Grove, no less, hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? A couple things. So I think one of the reasons you get a lot of chronic, because this is one of the first couple of times that call is because it's like I've been on a whole like 20 minutes. Fortunately, I had a long time. That's in 28 seconds. All right. So fortunately, I had a long drive from Hollywood to coconut and grow. But that's why you get a lot of chronic. Unless you're in the car, no bills are going to wait for a minute. So let's stir up. Sure. Sure there. And any event? I think most of the people who's not a gutter life, no. They got nothing else going on. Anyway, the color is called one that lastly kind of stole my son. My parents actually adopted some polydogs. They're great dogs. Right. And they really do. They have problems sitting down. You have to provide them a little foam thing so they can lie down on the you know, because they can't lie down on tile. But other than that, they really are in it. They can't lie down on tile. Yeah, if they're very, they can't sit down. They have to like, it's very hard for them. Like when they're on tile, you know, in order to lift them slide? It's not a certain slide. It's just that the way they're constructed or perhaps because they've been racing their whole lives. I don't know exactly why. But you need to buy them a little foam rubber thing that they can flee from. So they can hang their breakfast on it. Yeah. I guess so. A couple of the last of our audience, you got a foam rubber thing that they've been sitting on. Another thing also is that I was looking for about ten minutes of four on it. I still haven't figured out your point on sugar because even those sugar may cause lot of problems. It's not the same as smoking, which sends people while you're doing it. I mean, if you eat a lot of sugar and you want to go crazy that's your own way. But if you want to smoke, you know, in a public place and somebody else can get cancer. So that's the reason why there's so much concern over there. Yeah, but back to what the big to do with the tobacco industry isn't just about smoking in a public place. It's about, you know, encouraging teenagers to smoke and about sue in the tobacco companies. And like this is the most evil thing that came down the pike. And I'm not suggesting that smoke and cigarettes is good for it. It has to be an idiot to say that. Of course it causes cancer and kills people. But I personally don't believe there's any comparison between the amount of illness and the number of deaths with the tobacco and the sugar and the refined carbohydrates that the government says, oh, this is perfectly good. It's fine for you. No problem. I think the A is the FDA allows murder in this country every day. But I think if you notice there isn't that much of a concern over chewing tobacco. And I think the reason is I think anyone, you know, is because people don't want to be smoked around. Yeah. They go onto the spit in their pussy. I mean, so that's the thing. I mean, if you notice there isn't a high concern over chewing tobacco, they don't keep raising the taxes on chewing tobacco. The major concern is put a big pinch between your chicken gun and the. And the truth is the guard. It's a nice home. You know, really that big of a concern either because people don't smoke it. People don't have a health regards number one and number two and also an idiot. They don't change smoke and like a cigarettes. So it's a different ball game. Right. So the point is that I think the cigarettes have been attacked because not only is it cancer, so that's the great thing to, you know, to jump onto. But it also annoys people. Yeah. But those two common. Let me ask you something. Aren't you annoyed when you see a big a bunch of big fat, tubby people walking like it is shopping mall. I'm not talking like me, you know, I'm talking big fat, 300 pound people. Isn't that annoying? Well, it ain't not. He's not interested in my house. It's not happy. Well, maybe his hazardous your mental health. It's a set of a, a fundamentally misleading. Well, we can tell you. All right. Yeah. I don't mind friends in a grove. All right. It won't take long. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm looking at my blood test results here in A. Look, okay. Nice going there, doctor. Mark, and I was not racking on you one year. I talked to everybody about what a great doctor you are. I'll tell you, you got a good doctor. You will hang on to him for, like, you know what I'm saying? Real strong. Don't let him go. Don't let him get away. Because finding a good doctor, especially in this town, we have all these clacks that prey on old people and desperate stupid old people. That's what for a long time. And so in this town, we have all these clacks that prey on old people and desperate stupid old people. That's what for a long time. It's about clacks that prey on the desperate, the old, the stupid, the superstitious, the illegal aliens, combination of all of you above. Anybody want to buy a copper bracelet? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Anya, how about some magnets for your feet? Yes, sir. Hey. I wanted to call out to thank you very much for talking about the flight of these sounds. One of the things that I recently learned in my wife and I have tried to do our best is that fostered and gamble in Kimberly Clark torture millions of dogs and cats every year just to test their products. Yeah. Every time you brush your teeth with crass, every time you wipe your heart, when you brush your teeth with crass. Yeah, with crass. Yeah. I talked to the wife of your butt with shone and every time you blow your nose with clean x, every time you wash your nose with clean x, every time you wash your nose with clean x, yeah. Basically, you're supporting companies that are torture in animal. Really? And because they do it because they do an animal research? They test their products for animal research. Yeah, okay. Okay. Well, that's a little more important. Sam, I'm not talking about that. See, I knew if I brought this up. Now, I don't agree with him. Okay. Animal research depends on what we're talking about. But if it gets off of what tangent, now we're going to get all the three huggers in the animal, they hysterical people. And oh, my God, they're, you know, those poor little mice and those rodents, and I'll cut the crap with this already. I mean, once you stand there, and that's one of the reasons that this doesn't get anywhere is because you got the people like him that are often such a wild jag on this thing. And he wants me to jump out of bed, but I like Mr. Wiffle. Okay. If why I want to wipe my, uh, let's go. It's Charmin, I'll do it. Okay. In fact, if they want to experiment, I got a great little dog. It would be a dynamite for their experiments. Oh, oh, God. How about sticking a foot off the rectumite that changes out to do that? Man, just a tiny teeny bit. I'm talking about the one thing here. I don't want to get into a whole dual-gibbon thing and start chewing on tree bark. Okay. And I don't care what anybody says. And I know the other guys from the Grove, he's a good guy. He made a good point about the tobacco. But God damn it, sugar was killing us, man. And nobody is talking about it. You're a government that's so worried about the president and a few blow jobs. You're a government up there. They do what a goddamn thing about it. In fact, take a look at that, take a look at that Gerald Nadler there from New York. That congressman, look at it. It looks like something from a side show. You know, those things where you put your head through and they, they super, we put your head off. That's what he looks like. It looks like there's, there's a phony head on a different body that Nadler guy. He's got fat in places into legal in most states. He's lucky if they don't let him out on New York. They throw his ass into a whos go. Whatever that is. And they're standing up there pontificating. Oh, did she stick it in here or what kind of cigar was it? And was it moist? Was it, yeah, it all gook hairs. They're killing us with their sugar and the low fat lie. They're killing you people by the million and you're sucking the, oh, I love those snack wells. They're delicious. Yeah, well, why not forget about the snack wells. You want delicious. Go on. Get a goddamn bananas, but okay. This bull crap about fat kills. Oh, let's go. That's spot for Burger King about how many fewer grams of fat. It's got to keep those crappy sub sandwiches. I'm not going to mention the name of the place. You know what I'm talking about? Have you seen those spots? Oh, well, look, the wafers got so many grams of fat. Fat doesn't kill refined carbohydrates. Kill people, okay. Every goddamn day. Dietary fat doesn't make you fat. It's a lie. It's a goddamn fucking lie, okay. So if you want each of that wells because they taste good, taste a lute. Okay, go have a good time. But if you want to eat them because they're low in fat and you're not going to get any to a, you're getting fat or a bigger just like I am like a big tub of lard with the lies of American Commerce that's only interested in making a fast buck with all their shelf life oriented chemical laden crap that they keep peddling us people. And is there anybody in Congress that's got the balls to take them on? No, absolutely not. They're all up there to a fucker contest. Is he who's bigger? Ted Kennedy or Gerald Natterl are okay? Poor Ted Kennedy. He's another one. He's like a phony head on the skew of gene or he doesn't, he doesn't have plenty of genes. He doesn't have any genes. Because there's no wrong for a gene because his puppet comes up to his chin. Twenty six after one. In fact, if he would've had that body back poor watcher name would still be alive. They're a Mary Jane Kopeckney. She'd still be alive because he would at least, he wouldn't have been able to even if it was drunk. He would've been straight ahead. He couldn't have moved it. He would've stayed on the road there at Chapaquitic. If he would've been that fast back then. Twenty seven after one is five sixty. I mean, the test results for me here law look great. I mean, while I feel flushed. Maybe because I'm getting all worked up to a frenzy here because I'm trying to make a little bit of God damn sense in another wise mediocre crappy meeting where people come on here and keep reading the God damn stock numbers off the TV. Any asshole can do that, Rick. Oh. No, seriously. Why does he do that? Why is he? What where where did that come from? He never used to do that back when they were like almost listening to both. He never used to do that. He got some money. Well, you know something fine. Go, I hope you make millions, okay? Maybe you'll share it with me, but I doubt it. I hope you make a live with you. Nothing but the best. But we don't want to hear about it. Neil. God. He served his search warrant on me which allowed him to view and photograph my body including my penis. My buttocks. My Lord, Horso. Five. And any other error that they wanted. Oh, they were young and didn't know when I touched them back that I couldn't make it grow. And he. Oh man, this is really a bummer. All I did was get myself a bummer. Oh, he's safe. We got Neil, babe. We got Neil, babe. These charges say, I really hate it. I've never seen my colleague all can gain it. He'll release real if human but hey, at least the things I bang with human. One day. We got Neil, babe. We got Neil, babe. I had flowers. There's a growth in the colleagues. You dropped this up. Day after day. The charges they grow. That in a parking lot. I got the ratio. Just let me sleep with one more kiss. I promise not to repeat what I did. I've been a deep mess, but what the name is. At least nobody out there thinks I'm gay. Oh, babe. We got Neil, babe. We got Neil, babe. We got Neil, babe. We got Neil, babe. We got Neil, babe. We got Neil, babe. One moment, please. Are you dropped all the cities? Why? I just dropped all this crap underfoot. We're looking for something back there, okay? God. Talk about short of breath and fat and not as shaped. We're going to whip this. That's our resolution for the revolution. We're going to whip ourselves back at a shape this year. No. Let's just talk about it. Let's talk about it over a nice banana split. So anyway, somebody faxes me the papers here. Hollywood's greyhotted adoption. And there's a phone number. It says they need volunteers. And they have a whole bunch. I'm sure lots and lots of greyhounds to be adopted. If you don't want these animals put to death. Because that's what they do. That's what these wonderful dog racing people do. 9-5-4-9-2-5-77-58 is the phone number. 9-5-4-9-2-5-77-58. And a lot of people are going to lie to you. It's all this doesn't go on. It does go on. Okay. I'm not saying that everybody who's involved in the dog racing industry are bad. People have talked about this 5,000 times over the years. But because I did hear this thing together night. And the fact that it is still going on. God. God has stopped. Somebody's got to step in and protect a God damn greyhounds. Here's a mobile in the game. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Okay. Oh, you're sound fine with your test. Yes. What's good to go to Dallas up 110 in the next 30. I don't care. And neither does anybody else. Well, I want to thank you for speaking the truth. And I also want to tell you all this talk about food. I just need to remind you that Rafa is a crime. That's true. And by the way. I've been like Tyson at a couple of years ago. Well, yeah. He doesn't listen anyway. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, by the way, I've been home for 20 minutes. I've got a canter's growth in my head now. It's a size of a grapefruit. Thank you for you. You're welcome. I've got my thoughts off and get a bill. Okay. Thank you. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Let's take a look more. How about my creating in my bun, huh? My B, U, N. What is that, by the way? What does that mean? I don't know. But you always see it. Don't you get to have your blood tested? Not in years. Well, what kind of a spick are you? Anyway, you are more on my healthy stick. Oh, yeah. You're real healthy. You're sick like constantly. That is so untrue. It is not untrue. You're not sick as much as the other state. In the sick we had over the years. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, we got a suur as, you know, I think that we're aging much more rapidly. And I think we got a suur Cox broadcasting just for the health of just to join in Brian Cox there. Okay. Everybody else who is then. Why not? Of course, over here, we're busy. So somebody else. But by the way, we're not discussing that on this show. I just mentioned that. And that's into the papers. And if we had any calls about that, even one? No, good. Because we're not discussing it. But of course, blues going to be talking baseball. Oh, man, you talk about a guy with the orange hair being a real delicate position. Here's Naples, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. We're just a panel by dogs, man. Meaning what? Who cares if they get killed? You know, gray house. Wow. Who's the big deal? And what about you? Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, let's not. Okay. Well, let's not. We have a good time. You're in a perfect place. We got another call in Naples. Two in a row. Hello. Hey, Neil. Was that one of your neighbors, sir? I don't know. But. Sounded like a real asshole to me. The fast. I just called the find out. What? What do we so worried about with the sugar and stuff? What does that mean? What do you mean? What do we mean? What are we? What do we do when you flower? What do we want to ask you a question? I'm looking. What do you want to feel great about getting up in the morning and going and doing all the crap we do every day? What? You know, why bother keeping things going for that? How soon are the start of the day? Do you like the last guy? You don't care about dogs or yourself. So, go and invite him away. Here's another one for it. Let me guess just send you a personal life for Christmas. That's for New Year's. Okay. Well, there you go. There's two great winners back to back in Naples. That's the first time in this video show. We ever had two calls from Naples. We killed two turds. He's one bullet. Okay. I bet you're all inspected. Be proud of that. Just on his ugly post-ioner. A little while ago, I'll see you then. And then, but, but, but, but, but, yeah, he's still looking for the bullet on that stretcher. The magic bullet. Well, here's Dr. Mark who, hopefully, will never go to Naples after those two calls. Well, I don't really have anything too funny to say. I just went to Colin and thank you for the support for the HMO thing. Yeah. And I apologize for writing down to you. We're racking on you, but that's what people told me just morning. So I had to. And you believe those sick, well, your patients are sick. So obviously, you should know that up front. Well, most of my patients are my friends too. So I thought they were warning me you're advised and you were advised. I said nothing, but exactly an novelist. You should only have 100 people touting you like I told you. I heard it was lifting the, I know what you just said is worth a million dollars. That's right. But, uh, it's funny because you and I both predicted what the conversation for today was going to be, you know, you don't need me. It was pretty funny. I mean, you, you spoke my words even before I did it at the end of the day. Whatever happened, or you didn't get direct to this stuff about my alarm disease test. That will be a couple days. Oh, not, though. That's a there's getting batches every couple days. If I had anything like that, my, what, my blood count would be elevated. It would be a little abnormal, yeah, but not necessarily. So we'll just get that out of the way. And then we need to that or we'll really stimulate some controversy for you. What? Yeah, because I haven't even watched. I don't even have those. I don't even need to either. I don't even have to do with spinal tap and everything else. I don't even go that sounds good right out here. You can come over here and you don't like to blow that under. Do you have a little spinal tap right in here? you know full well I'm a minimalist only do what I would do for my own mother or my daughter and only what needs to be done and I want a greyhound do you? I absolutely agree. Great dog. They're so exquisite and actually what they'll do is they'll also inspire me to lose weight. Yeah you go on and run around with the graphic. You want my track with it. I didn't mention it yesterday because I was I was in a good patient care focus mood but I went back on acting yesterday literally and I'm not going to say it the first day. That was that before or after I came in. Oh yeah I had made the decision several days ago. It's kind of like guys who quit smoking and have to plan it a few days in advance and then kind of get you can't wait off for a long time. Yeah I was really good for a year. And actually it was thanks to you that I went back on and again. I've mentioned that many times. I know that. We have the mutual self-aggrandizement club but also like I said yesterday I wish to Dr. Bob would give us the secret for how to keep the weight away. Yeah you go off the yacht. You can't go off. But that's how I'm worn everybody always. It's the best diet as far as working and the worst diet as far as you gain it back so fast. Yeah. That when you go off of it I mean if you're planning on going off of it good luck to you because you get it back in a tenth of time that it takes to use it. Exactly. There seems to be some kind of thermostat or fatostat I guess it is in your body somewhere. You're just designed to be a certain weight. It's just a struggle to keep it off. Yeah. Didn't it wasn't a movie the other day where somebody said there's people who were born to be fat and people who became fat as they went along. You can see that. I know I've heard that metaphor also but I thought I heard it on TV the other day. Yeah I think it was Rosanne. Could be. Well, I know you rose your Donald. As so many of your callers say Neil I thank you but I'm not a material. Okay Mark. Okay. Thanks. There's Dr. Mark great guy even though he's getting pretty fed. We have an open line at Broward 2 in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the mobile one line. It's 140 at QM. Hank returns into today. We got to the bookstore at 6 talking bass ball not Marlins probably. And then the game Panthers and the Phoenix whatever they're doing. What's all are they the coyotes? How to how we're talking about dogs today. I can't remember the coyotes. That's pretty bad Neil. Well sorry about that. I've those Western conference teams man. How about those maple leaves, baby. We got one call on that down 3 nothing down 3 to 1 down 4 to 2 and they tied up in the third period and then because of a bad call by the referee didn't call it penalty 2 bats. We get the winning goal there. I don't want Frederick Moe Deaney got his body to have to get in the net. What an unbelievable comeback by my maple leaves. I've found their kick in some serious ass. Super back in the church. You loved him. It's crazy on cheers. You cherished him. It's crazy on. Frater. Now 17 time any winning and 38 time Betty Ford residing Kelsey Grammar is delving into uncharted territory. Who tells me Grammar's things very white. If you don't mind my thing. So I do the Cholobonic seed that would shine. Get an up of. Or it's more not to conclude by thought with the proposition as it were. Of your love. I cannot get a gnome. Not that William Shenderson is losing the sky with diamonds and Pat Boone's 2D fruity. Had there been such a torrid juxtaposition of an Anglo-oriented song stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings. Pardon me man. But when would be a convenient time for you and I to get it on? Oh, yeah. My mojo is working. I think it is. If you act now, we'll throw in at some additional charge. Our free bonus track of Mr. Grammar's stirring rendition of Ice Caves. Shaf. Would you happen to be privy to the knowledge of who that African-American tech reviews for holding many of the young ladies have? Amherst feelings. Oh, yeah. So you're done. So get Kelsey Grammar's things very white. He makes very white. Very white. Oh, I really guess my book a little what can now. Watch me work. 146 is 56. But you can tell on home state says on facts, you're creating and bun our kidney function test. Usually elevated in severe diabetic. Oh, look at that. My bun is beautiful. Normal is 0.5 to 1.5 minus 1.1. Better than a stock market numbers Rick. My creatine, which means you're a creatine. If you got the two high of a number normal is, oh, that no, I got a backwards. Bun normal is 9 to 27 minus 14. White's Mac dab in the middle. I'm stuck in the middle with you almost every one of these things. If stuck in the middle except those cholesterol, mmm. Little bit high. You don't want to know why don't you? Well, you already know why. The cholesterol is high too much. That's right. Too much sugar, baby. Cholesterol is even with a medication. Even with that product called it's 2014. And the LDL, the bad cholesterol should be under 130. It's 148. That means, but it cuts the crap sweetheart. And the HDL, which is like, well, I'm not exercise. You better get on that guy named beautiful exercise. I just bought you for birthday. You've been on it lately. No. Well, I haven't been feeling, you know. What? Can't exercise anything like that. Yeah, what do you have this little, a warm thing? We have a warm spot. Here's a halendale. Hello. Hey, hypocrite. Your golden retrievers. He doesn't have blood out your ass. Okay. Hypocrite. You're a big, big fat. Black boom. Okay. Go talk to Sunny Rose and Bergo. Big give a big kiss for us. Okay. Right on his bald spot. He's a little bit blind in the day. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. You wouldn't know my golden retriever from your echo. By the way, he's 10 times to creature that you'll ever be. Here's a lady in Del Rey. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, me, Elaine. He's Carolyn. I'm with Greyhound. Ted's in America. Yeah. For anyone else, they're interested in adopting a retired racing greyhound. Yes. We have a national 800 number. Okay. He's in good over in Naples. Even in Naples, whether a button or a button or a button. Yeah. No need to care about anybody. We should probably wind there. Yes. We do get selected. You know those people probably, where they were probably from the, don't they have a dog track over their Naples? Yes, they do. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. 1 800, 366, 1 4 7 2. And when we do get calls that are down around the Holly dogs, we do send them there. Okay. So we're now trying to take from one area, and put to the net another. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Probably, you know, get calls from the dog track people. Oh, yeah. You were at a school when we do a little kill-bud dog. Yeah. Right. Okay. Great. What's obvious, you know, that's why we're talking about it. We have an open line in Broward 2 and day. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 5 60, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and four waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. This is Brent from, uh, for a lot of the, I wanted to ask you where you got your information. Or information on the, uh, the sugar and the fat thing. What would mean were did I get my information? What what does that mean? Well, I'm just asking where you got your information. Because what information are you talking about about the low fat thing being a fraud? What I'm saying is that, no, no, let me see it again. What information? Yeah. Let's have a conversation, see, because it's a bunch of nine secs. You said, I'd like to know where you got your information. I'm saying what information specifically. What are you talking about? Okay. Well, your thing sugar is, is the worst thing. It's worse than, uh, like fat. So, and you're a very fatty. I didn't absolutely. And the action died. Well, I'm talking to the person. They wrote the best book on diabetes. I read dozens of books and they all say the same thing. And my doctor will tell you the same thing. Okay. Um, well, I mean, I mean, I have a fat. Dietary fat alone does not make you fat. There is absolutely no way in the world that dietary fat makes you fat. Well, it's combined with a lot of refined carbohydrates. Okay. Uh, there's, in my experience, and I have been on the action diet. Yeah. Uh, and I tried also, and I didn't even wait on. I will, I will say that I didn't even wait on the action diet. And why I said, even though you read, you got your fat. Because you cut down the sugar. Because you don't eat your dietary fat. Like a lot of red meat. Sure. Yeah. And you still lost weight. Well, how is that possible if you don't believe what you're just. You're arguing with all of that. But listen for me for a second. The thing is that, um, I did try a diet that essentially, cut out the fat. But the sugar, you could still eat the sugar. And frankly, I think I, I think it was easier to keep the weight off. Yeah. Because like you said earlier, you sort of blew back up. So you got off the action diet. You went back up. Um, and it was much easier to maintain. This was a low, this is a low fat diet. Yeah. It's a low fat diet. Of course. You can't go out and eat, you know, it's kind of sugar. Uh, but it is basically what you're looking at is just cutting out the fat. And not not the, you know, concentrating on the refined sugar. I agree. I think in our study in particular, we wait too much of refined sugar. But I think that we're fine. But you're playing high. We find carbohydrate. And this is boring. It's held in the audience. Refined carbohydrates. Pasta. Rice. Any refined carbohydrates they, uh, your body turns them into sugar almost immediately. And that's why you're fat. Not just sure. But we find carbohydrates of which sugar is one. Right. Right. Let me ask you this. Let me ask you this. Yeah. Yeah. Sugar a natural product that exists in the refined form. Anywhere in nature. Uh, as a refined form. No. Does it. It does. It. It, uh, is a very different kind of thing for a smooth, different kind of thing for a smooth, different kind of thing. Yeah. So that's a very different kind of thing for a smooth, different kind of thing. You know, you know, you know, you think about diabetes? Yeah. My grandmother was diabetic. Yeah. And you know, I think about it. Um, I would say a little. Are you aware that fruit sugar is just equally as bad as we find sugar for most diabetic, including myself? Are you aware of that? That's why I'm feeling like it. Huh? I mean, you need sugar as well as the diabetic to maintain your, you know, you know, you're not doing that. No sugar doesn't maintain sugar. You know, nothing. You have no con. What am I talking to this man for? Am I some kind of an idiot? Yeah. Some kind of an ambassador. Here's a man just, well, his grandmother had this. And he, uh, he was on a diet for a little while. And he's asking me where I got my information. From reading, from reading from people have done research for reading about studies, from reading about people and what they're talking about. That from just some guy that calls and gives me a saw to dance and refuse to have a corner conversation. Does he know anything about diabetes? No. No. You don't need sugar. Sir. No. No. You need fruit. No. No. Read doctor of the diabetes solution by doctor Richard Bernstein, okay? A man who treated his own diabetes and became as an adult studied become a medical doctor, which he did. And he's probably one of the foremost authorities in the world on diabetes. And those were he's talking about. And the diet he recommends is almost identical to the adkins diet. How do you like that, sir? He says he has eaten a piece of fruit in 20 years and his health is perfect. And his blood sugar is perfect. And he's no longer taking medication. And he's no longer got diabetes. Or at least his blood sugar is normal as long as he eats the way he's eating. How do you like that? What a shock to you, sir. But you keep eating the snack whales. You keep eating the low fat. You keep eating sucked in with a bowl of crap as an excuse to keep eating all the sugar because it tastes good because we're addicted to it. I'm honest. You're full of crap. That's the difference. I'm fat. But I'm honest. In fact, you're just full of crap.