Sports radio live 60 television 2AM Miami for Loderdel presents the Neil Rogers show. Talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free birthday to Growers or pound 560 out of your cell phone. Area opinions of Neil, his cat is callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, and we would act positions for the Community Broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 567-08 out of the past two of the Congratulations. Get a light. With pride and joy. BeholdING You're not in the mood, your muscles. You're so rude and jeep. That's why I say, calling you sick to think. Oh, right. I'm so rude to think. Tell me why don't you give me when I say, just call me sick to think. Okay, 10 or two at five, 60 WKM. I should have called and said today, man, I feel a pretty good day, but my throat is like pretty much gone. And of course, when you start talking for four hours in a bed or like this, it generally means you're going to be out for another two, three days. You know what I'm saying? Oh, right. Yeah. Something to think about. Oh, I love that last collar on the worst team this morning. That little whining, puts, little whining, sports nerd, puts. Oh, why don't you guys keep talking about this warric thing. There's so much else to talk about. And he spent the whole 45 seconds that he had to talk. Like so many of these assholes talking about what they shouldn't be talking about, but of course, they ran out of time before he said, but he wanted to talk about, which is probably just as well. Nice going pal. Yeah, let's not talk about it just because it's in a disgrace. And like I said, when the thing happened a couple of weeks ago, yeah, there's worse crimes by far. You got your murderers and your rapist and your arsonist and your woman beaters and all those other crap. So when you overall picture with this, it was neat of your soul of free-train. But the idea that they copped a police so they can play ball again. That's the part I just don't get. You can play again like this Saturday. God. In other words, oh, a centimeter jail, but wait until a football season's over. A centimeter for a month. Maybe. This is just unbelievable. And of course, the real question is, if Peter Warwick were to football star at FSU, if it was John Smith, John Doe, some other Sparta who wasn't the football star, who would, you know, basically done a shoplifting thing, which is really what it was. Basically, still on a bunch of $400 worth of clothing and merchandise to deal with. If it was some other Porsche roll out there on the street, would he have gotten off for the plea bargain, you think? Anybody think so? No, no, I don't think so. Just a little less slap on a wrist and now he can go black. And it's just like the Betty Blades thing, you know, and Brian Blades and all that other bull crap. To get my Blades mixed up. For Brian, you know, he had to go back and run fast and jump high. He don't have time to worry about that shooting in there, and all the other details. This is disgusting, it really is. And you wonder why your kids out there, so many of them just don't have any values, don't know where to look to learn any values anymore? How can you respect scumbags like this? Like I said, at the time, it wasn't the worst crime in history of mankind, but the idea that they're going to work out in the agreement, so we can come back and play football. That's the part I do not understand. And of course, the Jackson, if we're out there, I'll be saying, I, you're full of crap, Dale. I,ly did, was a little, a little, a little, something, and he's got to go out there. He's a superstar. Okay. Whatever you say. How about those braves, by the way, huh? Oh, they're all these mixed cry babies. In this morning, they're running, oh, well, if Bobby Valentine did this, the mess were phenomenal, man, or down five, nothing they're down seven or three. They come back twice, take the lead twice, and what a series that was. And then Kenny Rogers walks into the winning run, and all I could say is to what goes, what he expect from him. But it was a great series. And it turns out, for once, Justice prevails, the braves in the Yankees, the two best teams in baseball, will play in the world series. I know this comes in the shock. A lot of you young people out there, but what's a pot of time? What's a pot of time before Geneva, New York, had a major league baseball team before all the stupid expansion? There were no playoffs. There were eight teams in the mercilies. There were eight teams in the national league. And whoever won the penance, those two teams played for the world series. There were no playoffs. There were no wild card teams. There was none of this crap. But now when you got 600 teams, you have to have the wild card, and you have to have all these division winners, because otherwise, you got 99% of the teams are playing for no purpose. By the time it's the middle of June already, there might as well fold up their tent. So you have to have at least a few teams that have something that they might have a shot at. That's what it's all about. To try to justify the greed that is called expansion. That's destroying all professional sports. They've no mistake about it. So the good news is we have a sample of our best at 99 CD. And it sounds great. Let's hear it. Oh, wait, took us a few extra weeks. And the even better news is that the new CDs that new and improved in the ones that are kosher and okay are now in all the Broward and West Palm Beach specs. In the date county, there already an avid surah candle in the national mall. There were the specs at the falls in US one and the specs by you will have that the red road US one. And the rest of the specs and date will be stocked today. And four miles will be getting them all also sometime the next few days, which we'll let you know. So that's the good news. We'll also let you know today about the procedure for swapping of those of you who got the defective ones which we apologize again for. And our pizza loft appearance will be next Tuesday the 26 to 8 p.m. So we'll have the buttons where the key change and all of that will have the, the new and improved best in the ill and everything you have. We'll do the best we can. Spiggin to do the best you can. Poor John Henry. He just won't take no for an answer. But the opposition this this to me is one of the greatest ironies in the history of my life. One of the biggest opponents of John Henry getting tax money, especially from rental cars that tax money, guess who's opposed to that. Don't say. Oh yeah. Guess who's opposed to that. Very adamantly to that. Wayne. Oh well, you don't think that we know any rental car companies do it. Oh man. Now, why would Wayne who sold John Henry a white elephant? Why would he want to stand in the way of his nice new stadium? You would think that Wayne whose worth billions of dollars would be magnanimous enough to say, hey, no problem at all. We'll be more than happy even though that's where a lot of our businesses in the rental car industry. Did he say that? No. We are opposed to taxes. We just are said, Oscar tourists, auto nation spokesman. We have nothing specific to say, Obama's their injuries proposal. He noted that our nation is spitting off its railroad car companies early next year. I've penge however we'll continue to hold significant stakes in both companies. So there's the children of wood pile. So this shows you, John Henry's even number than we thought he was. How do you like that, huh? He's an idiot. I must be crazy. Because now Wayne leaves him holding the sack. He's walking around in his empty stadium on the front page of the newspapers, looking to find a fan somewhere. Like a lost soul, like a slipper. And now when he thinks he's going to, and by the way, you guys at the morning show you guys really are such a bunch of wimps. I heard spy reports several of them that the yesterday they were all caving in, including guilty. Caving in. Oh yeah, he's going to get a stadium. And they got that scene out all fart ice seemings on the phone there. Trying to do the same thing for John Henry. He's going to be the pimple for John Henry. Just like he was for Mickey Harrison and his bogus arena downtown Miami that they can't fill up. And won't fill up. But the interesting part of it is sometimes you come down on the wrong side. You want him away? It says the proposal to hit tourists for ballpark construction money with the added taxes on hotels or rental cars is facing strong resistance from Robert Commission Chairman, Ilyne Lieberman, Miami-Dade Mayor, Alex Pinga. Oh my God. Wow. And even former team owner Wayne Hypinga. All the pingas are opposed. They just say, Oh, the John Henry. So you're morning, guys. You know, I know Hank will hold his ground. And I'm holding my ground because we just say, Oh, no. No tax money of any kind. No public money is to build you a goddamn stadium. But if you want to be led down the nose by an old funny dirty scene I old fart has been watched up piece of turd like I see him in the morning show, be my guest. Get it wrong again. That's all I can tell you because you'll be dead wrong. Nobody's building this guy in the stadium. Mark my words. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission. No. No. 2 AM, beef reeds acquisition court. Sir, I said I thought. In theaters now, from the producer of the sixth sentence, it's the seven sentence. I smell all people. Let me do. Take smell like thing. No, like multiple. Take smell like Albuquerque. Or like two or five. The seven sentence. No, like an Albuquerque. Stop. Stop. What's wrong? We know. The fifth and fifth and fifth and fifth and fifth sentence. Let's play ball in public. Let's bring the discussion out into the sunshine. The discussions they had about the macarine. Marlon officials said that we can't reveal the plans yet because it's too early. prematurely could backfire harming their chances of a new stadium. In other words, they want to public. They want somebody somewhere in data-browered to come up with some plan to help them raise 400 million dollars to build this guy's stadium, but they don't want to release the information too soon because it could backfire. No chance, baby. Zero. Zippity, doodal. It is not going to happen here. I don't care what the whims on our morning show have to tell you. It is not going to happen here. They put ice demons on their yesterday to give the revolutionary bulletin that John Henry says, well, if it gets voted down, he'll build it himself, but it will be a small stadium and they won't have enough seats to be competitive. We already heard that. How many times have we heard that? Fifty million times? And that's the big revelation from the scene that we'll fart that they keep puffing up on his radio station. I think he must have taken pictures too. Ice demons. This guy's got to have copies of all the naked pictures that keep circulating around his joint. Man, what a show. What an absolute piece of turd you are. An old, funny, dirty burnout never was. Do you know what this is like? For guys like him? It's like like, uh, what's your name? That did the very good report by the way, which I give credit. Work credit is the niche out of Gillen. Did they report on the, uh, even though she was very surpy and insincere? I'm a school lunches and all that stuff. When the networks can't tolerate somebody anymore, they ship them off here. And guess who else is coming back? Release he's looking for a job here. Since the CBS morning news, which is, but, you know, it's just a lost cause. I don't want to say it's Jose de Asbelar. Do I? Uh-huh. Is getting blown off of that because, uh, they're, I think they were like six of us watching at show. Only by habit because we used to watch when Harry Smith and Paul is on run and he's show was almost launchable. And I show is so bad that they like, channel four here carries like little snippets, you know, they're snippet and little bits and pieces here. And then they have all local curtains arrested designed. So this shows not even on Jose de Asbelar, who's main talent is that he's related to a member of Congress. So he's got connections. No, no, I'm not, I'm just a guy. Maybe an ice guy. I don't know him. I've never met him, but he has no talent. None. Zero. Sip it a duda. He's coming back here. They're going to ship him back. And I'm going to tell you what a tremendous bunch of professional journalists we got because not only in the newspapers, no working, they get it right. I'm watching channel four news last night as I still do. I buy habit by default. I admitted, I watched it every night. Here comes five 25 and here's the ubiquitous Jim Barry on there, a silly goose. Andy's on there with Jersey Gadget. How do you like that? Talk about a pair of real quenello, real winner. And they're talking about the Panthers off to this great start. They're undefeated. They're four all in one. Let me ask you this. Are the Panthers undefeated? No. Didn't they lose to Toronto last week, three to two up there at the Air Canada Center on that goal by Radic Perro as the Rimmer calls him. Didn't they lose that game? Uh-huh. But don't tell that to Jose Gatti or Jim Barry. Two more of the great hockey experts we have here in South Florida. They're undefeated. They're four. And one. I mean, I realize it's only a very minor point and there aren't 10 of us that really care about hockey here. But it's just another example of the kind of slip shot. I mean, that's a lot of it say anything. They don't know what they're talking about. I mean, those two guys put together, Joseph Gatti and Jim Barry. They wouldn't know, uh, Pavellbury from Raymond Burr. They haven't got any idea what it's all about. See, it's taking me 23 years, which I figured it out after the last two days. Which I figured it out after the first month. I was here when I went in here at KT. I said, well, this is a bush league town. And then other people started saying it. Yeah, obviously we just started saying it a lot because they realized that I was right. Right. Bush league town. And here we are 23 years later. Is it still a bush league town? Uh-huh. You bet your sweet answer this. So on a spec professionalism when you turn on your TV. Don't expect like somebody, oh, caliber. And even Ralph Redneck has funny, dirty and slow and pondressing. He was at least he did editorial. And he was at least he had something to say once in a while. And it's very boring style, but nevertheless, at least he considered him a news guy. And even that big, ducky and bisher by means he sat there and he had the feeling that if he came on here and told you something, maybe there was a chance it might be true. But today these bimboes and big bets that we got on the year are there. They're a bunch of crazy people. You know, it's by the way, what's your name is? I can't, I can't ever think of her name. The one with a lift on Channel 4 News. Angela Ray. Saying it's in there somewhere. It's in the recesses of my mind. It's trying to keep it way into back there. They say that she's off this week. I think she's probably in rehab. I think they got her in the rubber room. Because I think she's sort of viable. You know, she's just, she just, she just, losing the, she just, would have silly, and she's right on the verge of doing some horrible story about people being electric and people dying. You know, she's, maybe she's getting us from watching too much else sunshine. I might do it. We'll do it to me. Maybe those hammock waves are starting to get to her. So we got a new, let's see if this thing works today. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a couple points. I love this thing. This is great. A couple points. First, I couldn't agree with you more on a Peter work. But the beautiful thing about this situation is, normally when you say, well, if he wasn't a star, he wouldn't get three or two differently. Yeah. But you don't have anything to prove it. Well, I'm not sure she did. There was another kid who was all from the team, but he wasn't as big as star. Right. Who did the same thing. I mean, they both did it together. Yeah. He was picked off the team. A lot of laborinists. Laborinists. My brain is cool. The excuse that they used was that laborinists coals had a bunch of previous incidents. And this was just the latest in a string of it. So the kick is ass out the team. Plus a little crap. Right. But of course. Let's see Peter works record. I want to see a public. I bet you he has more than one incident. I didn't know he had a record. That probably played out in Paul 96. Now, my other point of interest is about this stadium. What are corporations do when they want to raise money? They say they sell shares. Yeah. Why not do that? 10 bucks a share, 40,000 shares. You think that after that, bogus Panthers stocked at Wayne's. So do think that there's going to be any takers for Marlon stock? I don't know. But we need to try it. A team that's lost. So 200 and six games in the last two seasons. You think there's anybody going to buy that stock? No. But I say one, you know, keep on this man writing because. Well, I'm going to man. I'm going to be relentless because I'm like our whims in the morning here. You know, who just they're busy getting shaped from writing a fence so much. I'm not one of those people. Oh, well, he's just going to get it. You know, if they want to be wimpy, let him be wimpy. Well, that's why we listen to you. Thanks. I don't have a great day. I'm really disappointed in Gildi because I know that, you know, little dog in the default. They never never took a strong stand in their lives, you know. Or they only take a little dog takes a strong stand on his defending his boyfriend. I don't want to say Danny, but. But his friend, B.F. You know, he's he just straddling that fence. Just straddling and straddling and straddling. He has to bring in. What is that talcom powder? He has to bring in every morning. He has to bring in a big thing of talcom powder to spray on his back home because he's got so much your croch bruner from writing that fence. But Gildi, who I thought had had graduated here. I'm giving him always credit the last several months. Here was the one kid on there that you thought might just tell it like it's supposed to be. Nah, that got to get it. They got to get the stadium and just now one of these just that works that way. We don't want to start calling your cell out again. Just when we thought you'd grown a little tiny pair of Gildi right on the verge of your marriage and all of this stuff. Started to have a little bit of respect for him, which around here it's very hard to have too much respect. Anyway, now we got this great new model. You know something I actually love this. This, if have you seen the way this thing looks? Yeah, we were talking with it yesterday and the model had the monitor too. But it's big. This is like almost a piece of equipment you'd find in a real radio station. Oh my god. It's almost like a big screen TV for the... It is. You can read the numbers and where they're calling from and it's like, it's a Mahaya. Of course it should have been here eight months ago. And it is the old software even though that you know, Ben's the guy I don't care about. I don't care. It's beautiful. It's lovely. And we actually get the phone on here today too. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why was I back to, I have some of these joc, sniffers out there. Oh, you're wrong about Peter Warwick. Oh, he did it was like a little petty thing and he's got to play. I'd like here one asshole out. I want to use sports. They're the Fenders crap. And if it was you that went in there and I mean, you know, it was 400 in some odd bucks that they paid $21 from from a village. That's like theft. And at 19 year old bitch that partying with these guys, you know, she collaborated with them. And oh, they didn't kill anybody. They didn't rape anybody, but they got the idea that this guy's going to get a little slap on her with so we can go back and play college football again. Who are we kidding? It's fraud. It's nothing but fraud. Here's a mobile in hell and there. Hello. Hi John. Okay, sir. I got the same two subjects on my palate. Yes, of all. When John Henry builds his mini stadium, was he going to be 100 theater. So the other nine people won't show up. Everyone 91 people. Yeah, I remember sir. Yeah, he'll be a 100 theater. So anyways, what Peter wore, what is it? I mean, he should be a jail for stupidity. I mean, he has a line to make millions and millions and he's worried about $380 in close. Yeah, that's pretty dumb. You know, he's in there for he. He'd be dumb. I think that's they've got to put that if he's going to play again like this weekend. I think they ought to embroider that on his uniform. He'd be dumb. Yeah, and I mean, he stayed back to be a good citizen. So called. Yeah. So he could go high in the draft to make millions and millions and millions. But he goes to rip some stuff. But he's still going to do that. Oh, I know. I know. That's why he should be in jail for stupidity. He jumps in a dick for meal. Probably have to fight over who's going to get the draft is. So he's me. He's mine. He'd be mine. Okay. I'll be seeing it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 1026 at QAM. You got coming this fall. The underground world of junk. Who's still high? You know, love that. It's gorgeous. She's that she. We must not disregard the S itself, which is meaning with slice. But my passage points six feet below the S itself. I study the conquer level. As it does, it's way into my day. It is a senior conquer level. Man for HL news. That's for the premier. The base of the underground world. I'm a junk who's still. 535, 60 WQM. So here's one of the great headlines I've ever seen in my life in a major market newspaper. Sun-Sendel Day on the front page of the local section. Some Broward roads and toilets. Still clog. Oh, hey, plug. Is that a headline? And I bet you if you turn the inside page two at a local section, it'll have a list of the 43,000 puppies that weren't lost during hurricane. Some Broward roads and toilets. Still clog. Nice going there, Sun-Sendel. Another great piece of journalism for you. Call in today and tell us a few toilets clog, okay? Let's hear from all the people. I got a better idea. Let's hear from all the people whose toilets are not clog. That'll make them kill a couple hours. You're crazy people, you really are. You're just nuts over their both newspapers. You can't complain about the journalism in this town, because basically there isn't any. High court asked to bless Game Prayer. 13 Texas Congressmen urged the Supreme Court on Tuesday to rule that the reciting of prayers at high school football games is constitutional, saying that God and the good iron are inseparable in the lone star state. Don't you love that? God and football. He's a big fan. How come they left out tailgate parties? And beer. Led by representative Henry Bonilla, your public end of Texas, one of he became the Bobby. The lawmakers proposed a house resolution calling on a justices to rule that the first amendments guarantee of religious freedom does not bar players from praying before kick off. I want you to stop and think about this. Remember the asshole that called me a few days ago? Thursday I think it was. Maybe it was Wednesday when I was talking about, you know, why did God invent hell? And this guy gives me a son of dance about the day that I was driving home from the airport. And I hit like that rain fart that memory laps. And I got to sunrise Boulevard off 75. And I realized that I just forgot the whole trip. I was just, you know, in the twilight zone. And this guy tells me, oh well, God was looking out for you. There are six billion people plus on the face of this planet. Now this is the same God that doesn't interfere. When kids are getting shot in school and the excuses, oh, it was there time. It's part of God's plan. That's nice. That's lovely. But he's going to be watching out for me when I'm driving from the airport to plantation acres. Thank you, God. And the football players are praying before the game. And God's got time to listen to their prayers. Maybe somebody can explain to an old heathen like me. How God can listen to the voices. Maybe that's why he can't get it right. Maybe if we don't stop praying at the same time. One at a time, okay. Hey, God, over here, this one's praying. But we're going to talk about it. And some language you understand. You don't speak Hebrew at all more. I mean, heard God is listening to all these different millions and millions. Maybe billions of people praying at the same time in this battle of languages. And people actually expect anybody with a brain to believe this. What kind of a lunatic? What kind of a weak-minded, crutch-seeking person? Believe this garbage? Oh, we're praying to the Lord and then the other, see, they've always got a good line for everything. Like those little kids that got electrocuted. Wow, God didn't have fear because it was there time. How could it be there time? What a sick twisted, sadistic attitude that is. That reveals any enormous lack of respect for human life, by the way. That's one thing I love about most of these religions. They have the respect for human life. Human life is no good. It's only the afterlife. That's the good stuff. Anyway, getting back to this bull-crap in Texas, which should come as no surprise. But your Bible-thumping rednecks. The resolution which would not have the force of law is intended to express publicly, the sense of the Congress that pre-game prayers are constitutional. That's not interesting. As if Congress has something to say about whether things are constitutional or not, which they don't. But they're urging you to Supreme Court to rule on this. The House hasn't scheduled to vote yet on the proposal, but you can be sure you can bet your bottom dollar that they will. Because here's another one of these, God and Apple pie and mom and Chevrolet, all of those kind of issues. Same crap. Pandering to the goodly-touch-use mentality of what they perceive to be mainstream America. How many years have I been screaming at that? That's another reason I'm glad I don't go to those dolphin games anymore. You pay all your hard earned money. 20 bucks to park over there if you don't have the free parking pass. And then you go in there and it's like going to church or to synagogue. And they are subjecting you to a bunch of Getskies coming out before the game. Do a prayers at a football game. Do they do prayers before baseball games? No. Before hockey games? No. Before basketball games? No. Before soccer games? No. Before crickett matches? No. For the race track? No. Only with football. And you want to know why? Because football is basically a redneck thing. What is? A redneck thing. Just ask, was your wife? He'd tell you. It's a redneck thing. So actually, if you go out there, you'll pay your hard earned money. And you're subjected to something that should be offended to you. But you just stand due to fliered obey because they tend you're supposed to do it. You don't want to offend anybody. Instead of saying, hey, if I wanted to go to church this morning, I wanted to go to synagogue. Friday night or yesterday, I would have gone. I came here to watch a football game, a sporting event. Not to be subjected to this crap. So why would anybody question what Jess even to reset? It's very clear that the overwhelming majority of the people at least in this country are just a bunch of sucklings. Just a bunch of people just want to be led. Want to have somebody lead them by the nose. There are little tiny band of leaders at a whole bunch of millions and millions of followers. Just looking for somebody to latch onto to tell them what to think and how to act and what to do. As opposed to like taking for themselves, discovering a little bit of common sense. Just getting a little bit of intestinal fortitude. Having the balls to say, hey, this is wrong. I don't want to put up with this. Things like that. Don't see too much of that going on. This bull crab about athletes praying to God. For what? There's any sport they ought to be praying before the games these days. It's hockey. Pray in that they get through the game of life. They're killing each other out there. Just like Mike Madonna said, it's going to take somebody to get in killed or going into a coma before they finally do something about the violence and like a respect that they have for each other. And they're killing each other. I'm still waiting by the way from all the God people. I know you're out there. I'm still waiting. If you're about how God answers your prayers and what's the point? On the one hand, you see they keep the keep trapping themselves with these contradictions. On the one hand, man has free will. God doesn't interfere. But on the other hand, let's pray to God and look, he performed a miracle. But you can't have it both ways. Isn't that a contradiction last time I checked? I don't sound like one to me. Man, hands free will. God doesn't interfere. Like Mama Corley only said in Godfather 1, Santino, don't interfere. Remember that? Don't ever tell my sister to shop again. Santino, don't interfere. Has Carl all doing once he came up more? Or Santino? But anyway. 560, 560, POM560 on the 18T wireless line. Maybe he'll get saved today. You think we're going to get saved today? I don't. They don't have the balls. They don't have the courage of their convictions. They can't stand it, the fact that it's so easy to debunk the bullcraft that they've been brainwashed with. They can't stand it. They can't handle it. They can't handle it. Like in the right to the civilized world, they go into the take these surveys. And like 9 out of 10, or more than 9 out of 10 people say, oh, I don't believe any of that crap. I don't go into support that garbage every week. I don't have enough to do that. And here in God, in just God, driven God the rule of America, or God is all over the place. We're slaughtering each other like flies like cockroaches. By the way, so far this year in the first 10 months of the year, they've had 38 murders in Toronto, City of 5 million people. Well, I asked you at this time they had 41. We're down to 38. Now remember that number from Detroit from 1997, 360? And I was, this is all kinds of murders with knives and guns, whatever. The Detroit had like 360 and I was just with handguns. Or guns is various kinds. Detroit's got about, I think, Metro Detroit about 4 million people, 3 4 million. 24, 11 and 5, 60, WQ amp. Sock it in and hold it. Dear, let it's, I don't know if you remember me. Because I was the guy who's house you said I'm fire last year. God, I miss you. Even though you blew up my car, caught on my hair off, I miss you girl. But one quick question, do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this event? No one's spending a week's money. I'm not complaining. Don't listen to Stanley because I love you with all my hard. But if you have to see my mother, we let her know I'm not dead yet. Dear, let it's, I want to tell you that. The guy who saw with your best friend that was me. He kind of looked in talk just like me, but that's surely purely coincidental. I was so wandy that place. I loved you too much. Look at anyone else. Dear, I landed. I had a dentist appointment that day and I was so wandy. The shared metal list, hotel. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good. With all those grandly sads on that money. They come on, let me out of the pit. No. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. And suppose was to defend the virus peer as close as possible, which isاء and hope that, and certainly this source, What are American heritage steking's ide pink from a yuan all our budget honouredamy terrorists under With the recent incidents of violence in schools, the evidence of became moreable moral fiber in America, how can we prevent our children from utilizing prayer to God in their endeavors he said? If I can pull a quarter out of my pocket and read in God, be trust, how can our courts prohibit our children from asking? And wait till you hear this again, just goes back to what I said a minute ago. How can we prohibit our children from asking God to watch over them as they play a little football on our Friday night? This is your God who has time with all the people starving, with all the grotesque injustice, with all the hate, with all the death. This is a God who's got time to court your discibeauzele to watch over our little kids as they play a little football on our Friday night. And do a little tailgating at a little drinking and then the little screw on. Here's for a lot of day, hello. Yes, sir. Oh, okay. Sounds good like you. Well, I comment about the religion and whatnot. But it's in basis, it's a good theory, but it just gets carried. Well, what are you doing? Well, it's a good theory. Well, it's a deep attention man. It's a good to people who say anything, the basics. But it gets carried away in everybody that goes to jail, gets religion. Yeah. And just like Clinton had to go and have his prayer breakfast after he dumped that bomb on our car. That's good, yeah. Exactly. But the reason I call is when if you're old, Neil Rogers, best of tape, has a clip on it, of Larry King on the air. Right. And somebody calls in. Right. And Larry loses control. Larry wins out. Sounds like he's absolutely. And was on Hellseon. I'm sorry. He was on Hellseon. What? I don't know what he's got. He was on a drug. He sounded like he's, you know, he's going to handle the loop. He had, I guess. But that's a little clip I think the people would enjoy. Okay. I think I'm going to have a great day. Okay. And he was trying to give me to play it. I think is that what he's trying to say. I don't want to really come out and say that. I'll think about it. We got it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We still got 2, 300 open lines here this morning. I'm waiting to get saved here today. Okay. Since I'm in the tiny minority here. Since I'm one of those very few, like Jesse DeBody, Ventura. I'm going to tell you something. I'm proud to be on a side with him. I'll let him protect me from all these good religions. And that's the one thing you do need by the way. You need to be protected. And this representative gene green, Democratic Texas, a sponsor of this resolution, says you can have some type of religious observance of prayer and athletic event. You can do it and not in free and jump people's freedom of religion. Well, I hate to break the news to you representative gene green, gang green. But the fact is, how about people's freedom from religion? Not people's freedom, not people's freedom, people's freedom from religion. Keep it where it belongs. Keep the fairy tales with the fairy's. Okay. Keep it in your church. Keep it in your mosque. Keep it in your synagogue. Keep it in your home. And stop trying. This is the problem with religion. I don't give a crap what kind of fairy tales you believe. But keep it to yourself. I'm in, so okay. If Bella Legosi should come to town, I understand you about the crucifix. Your father or a tool comes down. Maybe you won't want to whip it up. Or maybe you might. I don't know. It's so basic. When are we going to get more thinking people in this God damn country to say stop imposing crap on a rest of us? And just like what Jesse went to her said, it's used as a tool to try to allow people to stick their nos into our business. That's what it is. A weapon. If you want to believe these crazy things, go right ahead. If you want to go to that swing club, nobody's going to drag you in off the streets. If you want to go see support that adult business or whatever it is, nobody's going to drag you in there. But don't try to dictate the 270 million people. Every goddamn thing that we do in our lives. That's where it's got to stop. And this notion of having religious ceremonies mixed with football is as an sign. Is ludicrous. Every other sporting event in the world somehow tennis match today at tennis today. Have pair before tennis? How about golf to this pair before golf match? No. Only football. Because it's a redneck thing. And of course, I mean redneck without religion. Just go to an actual. You'll see. No such thing. There is no such thing as redneck without religion. Here's a mobile in the Grove. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. Great subject. I actually wanted to talk to you about another bit of stupidity. What could happen to see this guy martial Franks opinion piece in the Herald yesterday about racial profiling? No. This guy was at X-Cop somewhere in Florida for 30 years talking about how racial profiling is good. I mean, using examples like these two black kids in a Mercedes with their cap's turn backwards around in 99% white neighborhood that they should be pulled over. You know, in the old, you know, tired argument of most crime is committed by blacks. Therefore, they should be pulled over. I mean, I'm wondering if it's in my neighborhood, I would agree with that, but not in your area. No, not in my, not in the Grove definitely. No. No. I'm outside of attraction to Grove. That's right. But it's just, I mean, I realize the opinion pages are, you know, for every opinion. This guy was just, it was at the end of the night. I mean, it scares me to think that this guy was a policeman justifying that pulling two black kids over. Oh, this guy is a cop. A cop. And now he's supposedly living somewhere writing a book. Mm-hmm. And you get a chance check it out. And yesterday's Herald and it just astounded me. I mean, the Herald to print something. No, the one was the headline on the article, keep those marchers out of my week. Something like that. It was a little more tame than that. No, I'm not. No, no, no, we're to find it now. Yeah, we get a chance, take a look. Hey, one other thing I got to tell you was I just moved back down here. I went to a dolphin game last month. Oh, I'm so sorry. I didn't stand up during the invocation. Good for you. Here we go. God bless you, sir. All right. Here's a guy with a pair of balls. But you know what happened to me? Yeah. The guy behind me kicks me with his foot. And I turn around and he motioned for this hand. Like stand up. He kicked you with his foot. This good religious son of a bitch. Yep. And like, motion to me. Like you should be standing up, buddy. They're giving the indication. And what did you do? Oh, I just ignored him. I mean, God knows that someone like that may do. But that's the kind of nutball as you got. Thanks for the good news. Nice going, pal. All right. Thank you. Thank you for you. There's one. There was me in fact rich. Maybe five other people out of like 73,000. Whatever that stadium holds. Week after week, home game after home game. Sit on our big fat ass during the invocation. Refused to get up. And this is another one of the five thousand topics I brought up. Fifty million times over these last 20 years that almost nobody will touch. And you want to know why? Because you're too God name and bearish. You're a bunch of pussy. You're a bunch of pussy. You're willing to be subjected to this crap. Here I was one of the one of a handful. Maybe a half dozen Jews in Canada, when you're a real, waspig, like I should count a 10,000 people. Go to high school. We had to go to high school, by the way. No, seriously, we had a good school, but nevertheless, we'd go to assembly and they do the Lord's prayer. And Jesus, but I'm sitting there like I'm supposed to bow my head. I'm thinking, Bob, I'm going to go a baby up here. Know what the rubber hose. I'm not going to bow my head. Bow this. And I had to be subjected. I couldn't wait until that ended until I could be an adult. And I could make my own choices. And wouldn't have to be subjected like some kind of a child to this kind of garbage. And now you pay, whatever it is, of course, I don't pay for those tickets. All right, although you know something that's wrong. I did pay for my own tickets for five years. All five years, that was adult and seasoned ticket order. And I could have gone for a free to the sky box. Didn't do it. The only thing I had, I did get the parking free. Thank you so much. What's his name over the idea of the Ergo Phil coston? Well, we could share use a guy like Phil coston over here. He wouldn't stick around here too long though. He'd take one look at this place and say, Oh, no, thanks. No, thank you. Paid my own harder and money to go there. Get those great seats on the 50-hour line. Thanks to fat rich. What kind of flowers do you want, rich? And here I got to be subjected to this crap. And after five years of boredom anyway, I mean really, turmoil and drunks and just a bunch of silly ass people with their herkoon outfits. I just finally said, I'll stay home and watch it on TV. Who needs this? And you know something? When I stay home and watch it on TV, I don't get up in a living room and say a prayer before the game. And now that I got the, no seriously, now that I got the package on the small dish, the NFL Sunday package, it's got all the games on there. I mean, I can't get up 14. I'm too old and fat. Because you've got all the one-to-clock games and all the four-clock games he'll start like simultaneously. If you're getting up, you'll be fat. I probably lose a lot of weight up and down and up and up. Jesus, another guy did bring her in. Get up again. Oh, it's the bear's game. I would get up again. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I've got a mutton-jews rumor report. Yeah. By the way, that was great before. He wouldn't know Pvelto-Roy from Raymond Burr. Right. That was excellent. Okay, so he would know Radic de Vorex from Radic Perole. Very good. Listen, last Saturday night during the end of the hand. And I'm getting, will you listen to them? Or, you know, how was it here? I wasn't Toronto. That is correct, sir. Okay. Well, I got to tell you this. You know how, Rimmer will, basically, they'll talk about anything they see. You know, if Radic de Vorex smiles, we say, oh, look at that smile, Danny. Radic told me when he's happy he liked this smile. Right. So anyway, so what I think was Ryan Johnson, Bimkin in that, right? He was taken out of the mouthpiece and Dennis, part of the end of the whole dissertation on, you know, he wears that mouthpiece. That only protects his teeth, but also it helps to prevent again, you know, helps prevent from concussions. Because it absorbs the blow evenly throughout the mouth, you know, a whole medical fine. When he was done giving this whole dissertation about how it helps prevent concussions, Rimmer said, not only that, but it also helps prevent concussions. Not a boy, Rimmer. Oh, listen. Sometimes. Exactly. I feel like I'm losing my mind. Thank you. Nice going, Rimmer. How's Radic, Parodil, by the way? I know there are all bunch of foreigners anyway. Three minutes before 11 at 5. 15 WQA and Nick Sigar is just got a great deal for you. What is today? Wednesday? How come we didn't have a Nick spot yesterday, by the way? Now, that's pretty interesting. Yeah, that's pretty bizarre. You know, as the sales manager, she's an expert. And she never lies, by the way. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. That's a little bit more. Pushies. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I know. Okay. Yeah, talking about that guy thing, you know, I wanted to add that. I was watching this program last night in the history channel. Yeah. I named the Adeza file. And it's really amazing how these Nazi war criminals ended up in the Vatinger through Rome to get to Argentina's liberty. Right. I mean, what the hell was the Vatinger doing there helping them, you know? Well, those Argentinians, they make great beef, you know? I'm going to believe that's why when you go to Berlin, there's all these Argentinian Stakehouses called an incestuous relationship. Yeah, but that's just beyond the scandal. You know what happened there? Yeah, that's right. I mean, the Vatican, the Pope, I mean, right? Right. There's that hot new hope out about the Pope and the Vatican right? I mean, the Pope and the Nazi. Yeah, also a last thing, I come from a country in South America. And we're about 24 million people down there. Yeah, in which half of them live in extreme poverty. And the president now has been trying to control population growth there. And he passed a couple of last year, legalized abortion and right. Sterilization of these birth control methods. And the first person to complain about this was the Archbishop of Peru. Oh, yeah. They don't like that. Yeah, he flew over to Vatican to complain. You know, to tell the Pope about it. I mean, it's so ridiculous because when you go down there, the poor people have a influence by the church and they're told to have as many kids as pop. That is correct. And they end up having 15 kids. I mean, I know people have who come from families. Let me say it again. Well, I've said it many, many times. I'm always proud to say it because it's on there's no debating it. The Catholic Church is the greatest pervere of misery and suffering of any institution on the face of the earth. Is that, yeah, it's true. And when he's trying to, the president's trying to solve the problem here, the first ones to complain are, is a church. It's ridiculous. I mean, they're trying to terrorize people saying that now, don't listen to them. That's completely against anti-Christ, you know, since the laws of the church and all that, but come on. I mean, these people make a hundred bucks a month. And we, whether the kids were up to be, the length wins, drug addicts, terrorists, and all that. They don't have jobs. There's no particularly form. So why is the church just doing this is completely ridiculous? So numbers game. Exactly. We can, if we can just get up to 10 billion people at the end of next year, we, you know, and finally they get a bar. Yeah, seriously. It could explode. I mean, got a woman who would make babies, man. I mean, if you look at India, there's 880 million or China was 1,300 million. Of course, they have a different economic system, you know, but there's just so much people, you know, just for this. For sterilization, man, we're talking to Trump. That's what he tried to do, but they, they complained about that. And every, you know, the church was the first one. Well, the public, the accountant, the accountant, the Pope, the boss on Google, that little, that little send a message. Have a great day at me. Are you talking about five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, they pound five, six, the only 18, and two, why don't I, let's pray before the show every day. If anybody needs to pray, that maybe just the stuff will work in here, which so far today, it's working. Oh, right. Of course, it's not even noon yet, not even close. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the only 18, T. wireless line. And by the way, let me just give you a little bit of advice out there. For you and your pets, humans and animals don't ever get sick on Sunday. If your pet should ever get sick on Sunday, and you call all those emergency numbers, you know what they'll tell you? The promptly tell you something that sounds like, Ehh! Like that. Well, that doesn't sound like an emergency to me. Give them some kale pectate, call us tomorrow. You're not supposed to get sick on Sunday. And of course, if it's a human being God forbid, you just forget it. Your doctor, he's out playing golf. Here's a mobile and cutlery, Jillo. A mobile and cutlery, Jillo. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Hey, I want to talk to you about the hurricane yesterday, the forecast. Yes, as far as the weather, the weather, man. I've got those guys in break because you can watch a radar and see that eye move. And did you see it disappear and move to the, I wasn't here. I was out of town. I love the radio. Yeah, we made it up at the radar radar. It moved to the west. It almost disappeared and then showed up like 50 miles to the west. And as far as the flood control guys. What other guys? I didn't 50 miles to the west of what? To the east. It moved 50. That the eye was like this appear and jogged. It did its twice on the radar. Yeah. You can see that thing coming at us. And anybody who, you know, you know, you're on the outskirts of the way. But I don't understand if you could see it if they, If the viewer could see it coming at us, then how come the weather guys were supposed to be meteorologists and were supposed to trust for advice? How come they couldn't see it? Well, who the heck can predict mother picture that thing close, right? You just thought you didn't hear your camera. You're still. You just got through telling me you could see it moving. Yeah, you could see it move like that too. I, I was in the middle of the day. Thank you. Thank you. You could see it moving. And the hurricane too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's pray to God that this guy gets a brain before it's too late for him. Okay. All these people contradicting themselves on and on and on. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. Just like Jim Berry and what's his name in their last night? Cheers to Jack. Yeah. Yeah. Panthers are undefeated. I mean, this is just a place where the level of discourse, where the level of life is on such a low, like on the bottom shelf. Way down there on the bottom shelf of the human cabinet. You don't talk about the human cabinet. Just like an elders used to be in the human cabinet, but then she started opening up her big black mouth too much. 9 minutes after, 11 at 5, 60, WQA. I need to go play. George, this is Robert. I'm playing an out of town old time on business. Whatever. Look at for a good sports talk radio station and have to find the old Rogers. Be honest with you. That's very pathetic. And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got in on sports talk radio, it is horrible. So I definitely try to find somebody prepared that for sure. And his whole GD thing and everything else. It's now on one day we'll all face the Lord. All right. Have a great day. Thank you. Have a great day. One day we'll all face the Lord. We'll be facing the wall. We'll be having our hands. I mean, what's that going to be like when we face the Lord? When we face the Lord? I face every day in the mirror. They're pretty sad. I'll tell you that every morning. Still haven't had any response. I mean, I asked very simple questions. I know most of you out there are bullied. Originally this bull crap. And it doesn't make you bad people. You're just weak. Like just eventuracy. You weak minded because they stored your brain when you were a little child. And you feel, well, if the majority of the people believe this crap, I better believe it to just in case. Release pretend that I do even though in my mind. I know I don't. Very simple questions. Like why did God invent hell? I asked that last week that we get an answer? No. And today I'm asking a very, I might even ease your question. If there are six billion people in the world, how can God hear everybody's prayers at the same time? Huh? It's a really big use. He's got big ears like Ross Perot. Like Dumbo. Come on. Let's hear it. We want a guy named Anthony. Oh, sorry. We want a damn, uh, God, uh, damn answer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Where I listen. I have only pity for guys like this Jackass. Oh, he's looking for good sports radio. Oh, I'll stick it up your ass. Okay, you jackass. If you listen to the show for more than five minutes, and you think this is a sports show, you must be a real moron. Are we talking? Yeah. Sports, I can't give it a rest already. Okay. How many times can they rehash the same bull crap? This guy wouldn't know Neil Rogers from Kenny Rogers. And by the way, I didn't walk anybody last night. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello. Uh, Neil, I don't know. You don't know what the base is loading. Yes, sir. Uh, what's the builds game? Uh, you know, the Monday night game? Right. Up to that point, I had season tickets up for the last 13 years. I didn't renew them this year. And I just sick of the whole scene. Haven't drunk, you call over me. And put it on the spot. Right. Yeah, it's ridiculous. Up there, it's shitting. It's 100 degrees. So I went with a skull at, uh, I went used to go with, when I had season tickets. So, uh, course, the invocation came and I didn't stand up. Here's another one. See, the people that agree with me. They're the ones that are calling all the rest of you. Lemming's out there. And I know that all of you go to these games. You just are too much of a bunch of pussy to, uh, to stand to your ground. Well, put you on in the seat. The thing was, she drew a sheet standing up. I was like, what are you, what are you doing? I, I, I still, y'know, I looked right. So, you people like a bunch of sheep. Right. It's just a bunch of sheep and unbelievable. And did you go back, right? Make four-sure down in the cheer of one. Why not? Why not? I would do that. What's the right down in the seat there is just jam her eyes down in that seat. I'd want to do the game tonight. Y'all be there. Okay. And the more people are there. There won't be any invocation there tonight either. I'll tell you that. Yeah, you have everything. I'm pretty like, we're a place that I'll see that. Yeah, I need to. Are we all told? I'm not told. Am I a brave, pre-hug off and, but anyway. The other thing is, uh, what is really I mean, you know, you'd have to do Jewish to understand it. But that was a great line. You'll think you're doing it. All right. I said, you know, that thing you do with the, with the small dish, what's the point of going to a football game? You can watch whatever you want on Sunday. That's right. And you'll have to put up with a bunch of drunks. Absolutely correct sir. Okay. I'll get it. And have a great life. I see when you got to football, pack it. You've long gained turns out to be crappy even if it's your teams give. Then you turn over and you watch a good game. You'll find one somewhere. How do you like that? Oh, that's on right. I don't remember. Can you go to football games? You're just some kind of a communist. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. We're still waiting for the believers out there to tell us how does God, here everybody's prayers. And what's the point in the first place if he doesn't interfere? He doesn't intervene. Only when he gets pissed off, he intervened like the flood and the locusts. And all this God day, whether we got him or take Florida bed, I'll tell you that. He must be really pissed off at us because several months ago, the whole state was on fire. The whole state was burning. No, we had a drought. Now we got, we go from one or three into the other. We got work to our goddamn arm pitch in water. We're up to our back end water. So he must really be taken out of us, even though he doesn't interfere. Only when he gets real pissed. Here's a mobile in Pembroke Pine, shall I? Paneal. Yes, sir. The act is the long time ago. Did very well in it. Uh-huh. Lost about 35 pounds. I gained about 10, 12 facts. Yeah, that's not bad. Some women don't even do that well in it. Do you agree? No, I don't. We had our friend in Otslanding. They'd used to call us in the engineers ago. She lost a lot of a ton of weight. Probably a hundred pounds. Let's see. Came back or what? No, I'm not that I know of. I don't think so. I was calling her ask you something. Maybe your solution is also known something about this. You heard her procedure call Firm. There uh, where is it? Bear metric or something like that with a solar stomach, half open. So you have half a stomach and- Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Have you? Well, why would you want to do that? What's the problem with you? You lose like tons of weight. You can never gain a fact because you don't have the full stomach yet. Yeah, but why do you want to put you up your body like that? I'm just going to lose weight. What else are you going to do? How much weight do you have to lose? Uh, well, they only do it. I'm really very obese people. That is correct. 100 pounds over. Right. And how much do you have to lose? Oh, me? No, I'm not. 35. So I'm going to do that. I know someone that's considering that procedure. Yeah. Now they do it. I also found out they do a laparock to be with just the little one's Tiges and they do it. I just like my gall-brad bladder surgery. Picit cake that I thought it was going to die for. I'm going to. I'm going to let her scoff his surgery. I'm going to expert on that. Never again. Never again. I remember that. One more thing, Neil. I also be waiting for the otterfion the weekend. Right. And I ran into a Catholic priest who was giving advice to the groom. On marriage. Yeah. And I looked at it and I was kind of funny. And I just did no sagging in the church. Yeah. Wait. So then I looked up at the altar and the guy still giving the guy advice. And you know, the guy's getting a little annoyed. A groom. Kind of quiet coming down the aisle. Right. I looked back. I'm going to tell you that I really didn't pay attention to the guy. I was going to get the guy comes up. The fight comes up to the altar. You know, the groom takes hold of the bride. And the priest starts to talk. Well, I found that the Truman company was more mature than this guy. Right. I mean, I've never seen a more gayer person in my life. Well, there's always got to be one, you know. And hey. And hey. Okay. Just your imagination. Always got to be one. He's probably the token that gave priest. We know there's no gay priest. There's no gay zoo divinical. They're a bunch of macho guys. 560, 750, 56, 60, 560, on the 18, T. Wireless Line. What is the word hypocrisy coming up? Every time I think of the Catholic church, that's one of the, it just immediately freezes on my brain. Hypocrisy. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. Yeah. The last time I went to a football game and I didn't stand during the prayer. The guy kicked my scene. I turned around and said, do you really want to find out if there was a devil? Kick it one more time and I'll turn into it. I mean, unbelievable these prayer people. And I had about 20 people yelling at me. I said sit down. I said, you know, there is no God. You can't afford a 20 people yelling at you. Yeah. Why don't you get there, mind their own goddamn business? Well, that's eventually what happened. But you know, where's my, the kids here's a funny thing. There's another proof that there is no God. You know, with all the school shootings last year, there was one in Kanye's Georgia, Lockdale County. These were the same kids. It was a special on PBS about the lost children of Kanye's County or something. There was a syphilis outbreak there in 96. Because all the teenagers between the ages of 12 and 16, were just screwing their brains out. Oh, my God. Doing drugs. Yeah. Going crazy, right? But every Thursday went to prayer meeting. I mean, and they were showing them at prayers. How could these good little kids, right? Be having group sex and boy on boy on girl boys. The whole, the whole crazy. And it was a whole syphilis outbreak. And then it just coincidents that six months later at this heritage high school, that's where one of the shootings took place also. Right. I mean, the whole team, there was no one that's on these kids at all. Or the parents, but God on Thursday night, you know, was going to say. I can't believe it. Sounds like the two deep southern mentality, like in Nashville, every street court has got a church on it. And on the other corner is a bar. Yeah. And they were asking, and now it's a couple years later, the shooting was just last year, but this syphilis outbreak was like three years ago. Right. With the same kids. And they were talking, you know, what did you learn from this? I mean, they learn anything. You know, they're still back to their Thursday prayer. They went deeper into prayer, saying that, well, that's going to stop at the next time. And it's just a sad case of, well, well, well, I'm still trying to find out of God hearing our prayers. And out of, if not, I'm always my time anymore. Well, let me put this way. If you had that many, if I have three people talking to me at the same time, it's going to more or less. Right. Exactly. So could you imagine the world speaking to you at one time? Yeah. There's got to be millions and millions all are Hawking to try to get the same time. And, you know, you know, when they give you the crappy reason, well, everything happens for a reason. No, yeah. And that's why I got a crap, you know, you know, you know, it was his time. It was his time. It was heard time. Right. It's nobody's time when you have a good young person or old person. Doesn't make a difference, too. Right. And they die. Oh, it's God's will. That's not God's will. Let's be cancer. Must be God's will, too. I can't just get hit by a truck. And I'll get run over and about to side by instantly. It's better than that. But anyway, everything. Okay. Five to see. We're hearing from all the people, which is fine. Who agree? All 20 of us who used to stand up or do stand up at these invocation. But all the other believers out there, like always, mum is the word. Their lips are sealed. Because they just don't want to be out of line. They just want to go along with the crowd. They don't want to make any waves. They're a bunch of lemons. They're a bunch of sheep. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's more gate. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I hear this one. Okay. You know, I agree with you 100%. You know, everybody does have the right to believe whatever they want to believe. Right. I mean, I think that's really great. And you know something, brother. The book of Moses tells us that God, not only hears our prayers. Oh, really? Yes. How does he know? How does he know? Every hit here on our head. Huh. Because our study does have you. Because why? I study does have you. Yes, sir. Okay. Then you must know what it says. I'm a little bit interested in it's ridiculous. He's like his people out. Why? His people. Well, I love it. Let me ask you this. Did you like just like circumcision? Okay. Just like circumcision. If Jews are supposed to be circumcised, why aren't they born that way? Because it was an act of obedience. My friend, you did your best to prove to her real you really know about that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not the point. The point is, all Jewish measures are real Jews because even they are circumcised. Sir, you don't want to have a conversation. Not everyone who is attacked me. I don't know this. I don't know. Estabreciable question. It's an act of obedience. You'll be obedient, sir. Okay. I'll be the maverick. You'll be the obedient women. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, and he's still the answer to my question. He hears all of our prayers. Anybody believe that? No, no. And especially if you're praying about football games, protecting those little kids at those football games. Now, how come God is here in those prayers? And yet kids go out there. High school kids go out there in a practice field and they die. Send the heart attack. Die right there on the field. basketball players. I was just after God. It was there time. I'm sorry. See, have this big, big, big, like a net. A big catch all a huge net. And every time something horrible happened, oh, it was there time. Well, thank you, God. Thank you for your leukemia and your cancer and your syphilis and your age and all these other things. Thank you for all these strange bacteria that we can't destroy. Thank you for inventing all these grotesque lifeforms. You see, when you understand that nature doesn't play any favorites, nature just like they say, crap happens. That's it. Crap happens. Nature is indifferent. Just like with a hurricane, like with the earthquake in California, it just happens. That's something you can accept. That's something you can live with. But the idea that there's this guard up there who allow these things or even create them to happen, that's sick. And then to try to rationalize it, see, what happens is we had a bunch of silly primitive people who invented some really grotesque, silly stuff. So now here we are thousands of years later, and we've got all these people like this guy, desperately try to rationalize it. 1127 at 5.50 WMU or heat station for the 90s. Holy Macaron, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. We've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot of people who are dancing, and we've got a lot We're out to the white band, I mean, baby, it's boy singing the sounds of the band, and we could sound the same, and we could be for the band, and we can just... So we back in tightest, I'm just like a... I can feel it's gonna be... All the magazines, just some work these days play, you're back like me... I can feel it's love, I don't know what you think, but I know this don't think, no matter how, we're your best to you I'm so pleased, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, do you hear what we had at first? Was to his English. I was here and there. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello Mobile in the Gables. Yeah, man. Yes, sir. Hey, I think I got the answer for the What's looking for last week For what about what God created? Oh, yes So they just kind of do business. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. Thanks my anti-Semitic so-so-big friend 5605050505050 on the AT&T wireless line She won't think a lot of Cubans they spread it around here's for a lot of deal. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I just couldn't know a few of you read this article in the Harold's they about how the Jordan found the new holy land No, no because this morning Is that Michael Jordan? It could be who knows? Vernon Jordan? I know that this the archeologist over in Jordan is a working-in-the-site for three years Yeah, and they said that they found Where Jesus was baptized again. Oh, hey, so anyway now there's three Three sex over there that have a claim to the holy land. There's a rabia. There's Israel now. There's Jordan Mm-hmm, and I don't know where the holy land is. You know, honestly. I thought it was in Palma, I read New York where Joseph first met found those tablets Well, that's because they're taking to and call me in the morning No, but as far as religion goes and things like this, you know My ancestors are originally from Ireland and I've been studying the Celtics from and one thing I found out about like as far as the Christians go Is that one of their models is not felt not killing things like this? Yeah, except in Northern Ireland Well, exactly. I mean, they went right down entire cultures like this and they had these You know, they had these inclusions of the witches and things where they would actually cut off their breasts The mummy would pull their teeth out where they were alive and right like this, you know, and I just I don't know I didn't care which one they ain't either No, they didn't they don't want to have a wolf scene always says I hate the Irish. Well, you know him All right, well, that's all I have to say Neil. Hey God bless you sir. Thank you. That's your stop Minus tracks when else says I hate the Irish stop in plan stop in cold Well, you look at Northern Ireland. You look at your crusades. You look at your Spanish inquisition You look at Indian Pakistan. You look all over the world and it's great. It's beautiful. It's a wonderful thing I don't see any y'all well Right in the winwood five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line Here's coral springs hello Hello, yes sir. I guess the proof that God exists is when they have these moronic post came into view He has to responding event and the athlete from the winning teams as well I first thing happened. He was praised God at your home for whoever else you're going to because he wasn't to my Purse, but he didn't listen to the other teams prayers. Thank the good Lord. I'm thankful God bet on his team that I don't show this time So I bet in man of these moronic post came into view. Well, how do you feel about winning the game? What do you expect these people? They're just I own a lot every time you flip on any of these channels including CNN You see some dumb joc or coach or jackass sitting at a table behind a microphone and a bunch of idiotic And this is a new thing now This just only happened in the last few years to kill time for all these goddamn TV channels That's it. They don't even have time anymore. I ran number growing up in New York question what chance would Greg get to press conference? You know we got to get that on here right now I remember them always having the first thing will be for the game All right, you be they don't even do that anymore because after so advertising time So they can't don't even have time for the first thing will ban it right that's right. Hey I got to change the subject one thing. I got up All the way we will have both national items at the macarina without a whole candidate and the other one without question I wasn't anybody out there shopping and I don't know Neil you may use a debit card What have you but you're probably your obviously intelligent enough to understand how to use the thing I'm so sick and tired I go into public I buy some fruit. I buy it by the way It is dreamery ice cream very very delicious. Yeah, the news stuff very good So I mean, yeah, I got a bottle I got a jar of fruit and a pipe ice cream and I got two ladies very nice ladies You know I didn't even like rim other probably in the ladies 15 minutes to try to figure out how to use the stupid debit card Oh, I Something I agree with you it's a very good point when I see a sign that says express line That should mean is no debit cards no credit cards no checks no coupon no potchy run good old fashioned cash There's money to entertain machines in the start right in a garbage machine good care Right unbelievable she should only croaks her unbelievable leave me she will thank it and have a great thing depend on it 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line 21 till noon at QA 7 I Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be? Oh, can it be?