Let's go! All I'm so, you're so big. Let me take you down to you and you've been somewhere... ...for a very few... ...while making drugs to you. All right. And nothing fits to try about... ...no. ...and now he cut me love his... ...to a very strong, very real. He's making drugs to you. And not as he can live out. A strong, very sad, very sad for that. Now when he's feeling it's right free... ...I'll let him up behind the door. You got math free. And don't believe it's worth it's thing that it's all right. To get real high and grab the fat. Let me take you down to you and you've been somewhere... ...for a very few... ...while making drugs to you. And never come to check him out. Drop every breath forever. Drop every breath forever. Feel properly real, forever. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. You're one so... ...you're so big. All right. 10, I'll see you at 5, 60, and WCM happy Tuesday. There's a week earlier. Let's hear it. Let's see. A man of great principle. How about you expect... ...are you aware of the fact that they hear it? I heard a man with history? For a scrimmage. None of the exhibition games. Certainly not a real game. Not even a game. But for a scrimmage, the dolphin's head... ...16,000 asshole showed up on Sunday. How do you hear it? As Americans from coast to coast, they're running around with a big, big billboard saying, I have no right. All right. I wouldn't be surprised if we have people in this audience. Let's see how long it takes before somebody calls in this show. And admit they watched some of the last nights golf on ABC. Did I watch it? Did you watch it? No. Did anybody in this building watch it? I hope not. Well, I forgot about the sports nerds. Golf in prime time. How long you think it's going to be before somebody calls in and says, They watched it and even if they enjoyed it? And they would watch it again. And they taped it and they'd be watching it right now. Over and over again. While squeezing themselves vigorously. No doubt. Strawberry is not eligible to play on Wednesday. Let's hear it. How many chances more than they ever ready can. More than Alan Spaulding on guiding light. All right. You forgot to reset the phone. We were so busy doing all this stuff. And now we had a caller too. But you'll have to reset the phone. Here we go. Okay. I don't have to call again. Sorry. Yeah. We don't reset the phone. Airfree. Single day here are cheap. JCPenny equipment. I'm sorry. I apologize to JCPenny. Our cheap. Cresgis. A what what the dime store equipment. Doesn't work. She was going to grab it. Cool because it was the golf line. There's actually somebody on it. WQA and golf line. Hello. I actually watched golf last night. And I enjoyed it. Oh. Oh. Oh. And I would watch it again. No. Come on. I swear to you. I really know. How could you? I would enjoy it. Can I ask you one thing? What did they do since there was a match terminally. Two guys. What did they do to fill in the time in between while they were Sontering up the course? There was some perspicacious analysis. Yeah. By one or champion Curtis Strange. Oh. That's strange. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? It was quite boring between shots. Uh-huh. The golf was exciting. Right. Here it goes. Kind of like a porno movie. Forin between shots. Good score. But made up for it. I enjoyed it. I want to say congratulations. Sir to you for having the honesty to admit it. Thank you. Have a nice day. I think you're like that. There's an honest man. He watched it. I like that. He's golf too. What he's really trying to say is. I have no lie. And TV's pretty boring. See, I hate to break the news to all you fanatics out there. All you militant fill in the blank. I don't know if you're going to be a fan. But like I said a couple of weeks ago when they all brought this crap up a block. There's not enough black shows. His fans, we don't care. How about putting on a good show. Wow. What a concept. A show that might be entertaining. That's somebody might enjoy. Well, I'd by the way that horrible movie that we talked about yesterday, which I'm sure I get more calls about today. Just take it in money like hand over a lymph race. Let me just do that. I don't believe it. We'll do that. The Blair which, which will hand you the Tony. Whatever project. The Pup can, which ones got the Tony. So, evidently it goes to show you that hype really yourselves because everybody I talked to after the show yesterday I spoke to 750 two people. Some just like in the elevator run away downstairs and they were like gagging. I just mentioned the movie and they're peaking all over their shoes. So, we have a few people that watched the golf last night and a few people that are all excited about their strawberry coming back. Even though he's going to the mine is first, there's one of them just walked into our right now. A man with no principal whatsoever. Joe Costello, who's all excited that Darrell's coming back. Sterled Darrell. Although I noticed he's not wearing his Yankees out for today. Thank God for that. That would be a bad day to be wearing that thing today. On a disgraceful day in which commissioner Bud Light is hand calls him. Bud Light piece of turd. A turd with two legs. That's Bud Seely. A turd on two legs. That's him come back a week early and he'll report the triple leg Columbus of the International Aidimar and ready to rock and roll in. Your turd. It says he'll be about a week later and they'll call him up and there he'll be again. Swatting there Yankee City and he'll be swatting it. Yeah, so no is no is maybe. Piece of scum. Piece of I mean how many chances do you get? Steve Howell. And Hank is right. I heard him talking about that. That was a you know a pressure thing. Union. Oh yeah, that's right. You got to give another 20 or 30 chances. You got to get him back in there. Okay. Whatever you say. So I get a letter yesterday from the post office. See, this is that this is probably of no interest to 99% of the people in the audience, but I really don't care because I'm looking for it. It's just easy. So I don't have to make a call out. It's easier to take calls coming in. No, and after your postal customer, this is about my I have one of those Pitney pose postometers, which is a lot easier with all the damn bills. I have to pay in cinna five six seven thousand bills that I have to pay every month. So I like my postage meter. But nevertheless, I record indicate that postage meter number so and so is registered. You know, is overdue for the required examination. Oh, well, I'm a good agility for this day is out. An annual meter examination by a postal employee is mandatory for meters that are set remotely via telephone. The purpose of the examinations to ensure that the meter is in satisfactory condition, to protect your interest and that is the postal service in the event of a malfunction at your junction. The required exam is based on the anniversary day of the meter. Your meter was due for the end of the exam June 25 1998. I'm over a year late for crisis. Please take your meter in this letter. You're in your post office by August 1199 for the examination. And it's got a whole thing that they have to fill out here on the bottom. My answer is no, I'm not taking. I mean, the whole purpose of getting that is so you don't have to go to the post office. Exam and what? What are they going to examine? That's probably it. Probably you take your postage meter the post office and it guys has been over please. Yeah. Sixth finger deep inside your. You can take it back now. It looks okay to me. How do you like that? So maybe somebody can and because it seems to me I called the Pity most people last. You when I got a similar kind of notice and I said, What the hell is this about that? Oh, don't worry about that. It doesn't apply to you. Huh? They're very nice and very convenient, but not exactly what's going to the pokey for if you catch my grip. So maybe we have some postal nerd in the audience who can inform me what to do about that. Or to stick it. I tell you like men and they look like women. How young is too young? You come on to live with the things in my head. And some thought of but if you want to take me to the thing about me, I don't think you know. I'm on the way. You should make it any more. You put on a chair that you really want me to. All right. You landed a friend underneath. She was 25 but she's just how young is too young. You think me? I've been my name for three. Daddy called her cousin. Oh, I bet I'm perfect. You think because I'll have to tell me. None of my friends. She's my name. Not but you think right now, or my show. I don't see her. She's a little girl. She's a little big girl. She's just a big girl. And then rolling stones straight into the sky. And then rolling stones straight into the sky. And then rolling stones straight into the sky. And then rolling stones straight into the sky. By the way, Tom Boca Brian is stuff. We're in our facts paper. Oh, is that a wrap? Why not that? Why? We need that. But why couldn't he have brought this here? It was just here yesterday. The thing wasn't working yesterday. The thing wasn't working yesterday from one eye here. That wasn't the first day. And in fact, I hear more days often than not, however that goes. So we are going to get any information from you about this posted meter painting the As thing, are we? I mean, not that I'm so lazy that I want to have to slip that thing over to the post office and stay it online for half an hour. And then we'll walk up there with a stupid letter and have him look at me saying, What's that? You know, like, what are you doing here with that? Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I wasn't article today in the, in the Harold and the Broward section. Yes. I mean, it wasn't something the church creator, hey, group. Yeah. Did you read that? Yeah. I mean, all four members. So I don't care about that. I wonder what I found interesting about the article was. And how they were explaining how Florida is one of a few states that, that severe penalties for hate crimes. And the first person they applied to was some Jewish lawyer, Hope Cohen. Now he's defending the gun height. That's going to be done. Oh, hello. Just a few months ago, they had that, uh, Alan that publicity, how Alan Doucher would join there talking about how he would defend his virulent Nazi from the West Coast. He was on around the today's shore. One of those horrible morning shows. But the thing with this boy, the thing with his herb Cohen guy, Yeah. He was a victim of a hate crime. Yeah. Now he's defending one of these guys. Well, he's just, he's getting a hate, who is having a hate crime, uh, uh, trying to, uh, imply on them. Yeah. It's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, hahaha. Haha, haha. Haha, haha. Oh, that one is great. Nice going, sir. And by the way, let me ask you something. How long is two Young's? OK, 56750560, pound 560, on our mobile one line. They're starting to put this shroud of turntrap again. Oh, yeah. Ancient pollen may link shroud to Jesus. Anybody buying this? No. Oh, yeah, they are. People that are just cleaning just looking for some evidence some proof from like eight million years ago, you know And of course we do realize did the world is only six thousand years old. We do understand that don't win That's right all that carbon dating crap all this stuff about millions and billions of years that just another communist plot those Marxist even obnoxious bastards Like the one we're listening to right now Just another communist pingo plot to try to throw us off the of course to heaven off the highway to heaven Or off the stairway to heaven and if I ever hear that again So we're not gonna find that bit maybe the audience knows the name of that thing. That's worth of try Huh? How do I describe it? It's a Frank Sinatra bit in the end. He says I'm checking out And Nelson Riddle and his work is to where is Nelson Nelson? Yeah, you go through what's the name of that bit we don't know I look through this whole damn thing I know it's in there because I've played it Any other bit in the world like it fine. I look through every single other thing that's in here That we've only got 72,465 bits in the VCS computer over here I know every single one of them and that one that I'm looking for George doesn't know what I look at him this morning I said what's the name of that anyone? Yeah, yeah, and so I proceeded to go through for like an hour and 15 minutes I scroll through the whole goddamn thing that I find it. How about the bit could I find that? No, no Desperate here's coconut creak. Hello. Well. Yes, sir. What did they call say? You said crap. Okay. I'm just not on the ear though. I got it just so we're being honest here I was flipping between golf and wrestling last night. Oh great. So I really have no life right and which one was more entertaining a Redflink. Oh great. No, here's another honest guy. That's two. I also Ale out I'm a 90 plunger brains out. I see that, but you know something when it was down to 98 a couple of days ago I was thinking of myself plunger brains out and then I saw this morning was 92 and now it's not an 90 and I think I'll wait You know what I'm saying? I wait so I get sound maybe 40 40 sound good. Okay. Okay. Thanks. By the way, I see enough transportation I think it's time to sell this after it sounds good to me. I'm not that anybody out there cares I just mentioned that in passing See I'm one of these guys I invest in the stock and whatever I buy it. Let's say I buy it at 30 then it goes immediately down to about 26 27 that goes down like 24 and then I sit peeing in my pants every day hoping it'll get Close to 30 again and then maybe even a little bit above it a little happened. I'll get to like 31 or two And I'll sell it and think wow, you know, and so I'll make about just enough to cover the transaction and that's it. I got out. You know That's my life for the stock market five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line So they don't know the name of the fraction of the property, but they don't know that someone said come die with me But that's not in here It's not No, that's not it. That's not it anyway. Is it Come die with me No, ah But nice try though Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Proto. Yes, sir. I have some info on your post media. You got a meet letter for inspection. Yes The easiest pie take a little meter and take a little letter and you go in for a larda at least you go all the way to the right No waiting they look at it. Do the little calculations stamp out the door Yeah, so I have I do have to take it in. Yeah. What are the things? Yes It is why why do they do that? You got cheating so I'm not cheating. I want to tell me how I would cheat and then I'll start Well, how could anybody first of all let me ask you this how could anybody be spending the amount of money that I'm spending on postage and be cheating if they would just check the amount of your spending They would automatically say okay You're here from the inspection because nobody's that stupid This one of my shirts not effort with yeah, yeah, hey, they got to be the police Yeah, that's right. Okay. Well, thanks I'm gonna go in there to the this afternoon All right Thanks for the good news. Okay. Give me a project. I got a this connect my little meter. I got a pond plugged this and unplugged that and you Got the phone core, which I can do it about four seconds, but nevertheless make it sound like a big project. Oh speaking a project great news for the hockey fans in his town Yes, befo and by the way if you noticed that befo has gone from middle aged to being an old man now Have you noticed officially? I was thinking about that this weekend as I was leaving all those parches in the hotel in Toronto I was thinking about befo and about the fact you know different people you've known for a long period of time And actually he used to be I would I don't know what would you say he was a skinny guy I mean if you had to describe him in the past up until the last several months I would say if anything he was like skinny or than fat or he was never a fact He was always a little on the slumber side. Never looked too great, but nevertheless Now he's not only gotten I think the fatness is only accentuated the fact that he's now officially becoming an old man When you agree with that he's gone from the befo we knew befo He got like this and now he had the fat has accentuated the negative and made him into an officially fat man I was sad But anyway he came into this morning and pointed out which had already seen in the papers this morning much to my dismay The spokesman the organization is acted again Just to ensure that we have a spectacular year and don't miss to play off again this year. They have resigned for one year. Are you ready? Yeah, thank you Have you liked that he's a project Now however much they're painting which I don't think it's in either article in the paper however much they're painting That's like charity people are starving on street corners people are out there panhandling it in a second Children are starving to death and The organization is paying Chris Wells to come back for one more year Which maybe good because that may that may help to seal the fate of the spokesman and his brother the two partners in crime Here's a mobile and coral springs hello Yes, sir. I got a couple of things for you. We're gonna hit listen. That's the match with thing that shiny doconner parity Shine-hital Connor yeah, that's the one where you know you said the tag is the Contradatal Connor No, you'll feel like the I know that's not it. Okay. No, that's not he's thing and I'm talking about And at the end he's he's saying the Nelson right on this orchestra where is Nelson Nelson? And of course Nelson's dead, you know Okay, right You be yes. Yes. When do you be yes has the package beautifully wrapped right? I put it on the counter. Can I say bitch? Yes The bitch slices the package open shouts her hand up the package, okay? She's right around in there all my peanuts fall out And I'm saying what is going on here? She says if you don't like it go to the post office What what does that mean? Is she saying we have to inspect all the packages now? Yeah, I said hey. I got private I don't know if it's my peanuts right out and said inspect this That was really really upsetting You know So-for King please, okay, right here. Yeah, yeah small peanuts Or like Frankie Patangeling small potatoes and Wasn't the least rospern played the highman Roth and that movie my herlansky and at least prosper had dead by the way Had a school of acting Which you could have fooled me you must have been kind of like the Tommy Cramer of the acting industry did a good job I think said Kelly really was huh? He was he was terrible In fact and Godfather one and two of all the acting performances most of which were brilliant I would say that his was the worst least rospern I didn't ask the hotel here Michael I didn't ask questions then Mo Green only in the banana republic baby only in Miami Listen to me is just stand by and see for so-for King understand Where everything is out to the high so-for King standards the selection is in just huge it's so-for King huge Believe me you'll never shop anywhere else and so-for King prices aren't just low There's so-for King low you'll never find them anywhere else listen to me when I say so-for King As a beautiful store I mean so-for King beautiful And I say it's happy to help. I mean so-for King helpful listen to me get to know the so-for King and enjoy a selection that's so-for King huge A staff at so-for King courtyes and price is that a so-for King low You'll never shop anywhere else but don't take it for me take it from satisfied custom a Frank and Stein So-for King good you set it Frankie so-for King good We said it 10 30 at 5 60 W to QM so anyway rich packed their calls in to bring to our attention Which I already saw which I do read my newspaper's both of them in the morning and luckily They're both so bad there weren't takes about 10 minutes to be in both from cover to cover in between all the ads Stephanie allowed us who write say half-assed TV and uh, I don't know maybe even I don't know what this thing is this column You write they don't write radio. They still haven't discovered that led's fine from the FCC Yeah, they go for this show in this station. Oh, no, I still haven't discovered that the spring rating book came out and we did great. Oh, no That's because you're still in Pasadena. What a horse and buggy town. This is baby So Stephanie writes before even get to one Carlos Cotex She writes power 96 is radio's bow Griffin locationally founds entertainment stories for NBC 6 is an a news news segment on whammy channel 69 the times news show Talking to couples about their love lives How do you like that? It's not the bone nose segment is on Wednesday's during the 7 and 10 PM newscat Of course it won't be on too long because the newscat and the sports you're all going off we understand anyway And they're going to all us indicated crap on whammy Because Maddie unless you've left behind a great legacy there if you know what we're saying Yeah, they're all going on. Now you think that might tie in with that psychic dyke network that she's a part of Huh, which early tweeters that other bitch That's running on and I'm gonna tell you they must be raking in the dough to show you I want to apologize to the people who watched the girl flashlight and now you people don't have a life But what I will say this you've got a hundred times more life than those idiots that are called up these second hotlines and then the one for the Terrow cards and you know something the saddest part of it is who watches much music MTV one and two and the H1 young people watch those networks, right? Those channels and And every other every commercial break there's at least one spot three the show Griffin and the psychic dot hotline or the Terrow card bitch and You better hang on your seat tight with a Terrow card because very personal an amazing revelations may come when she Ernst says to you on me. Sure. Yeah, and there are millions of people it's like when I used to do shows with psychic Back in those horrible and I want to apologize by the way. It's never too late to say you're sorry I want to apologize not to the audience to go with to myself because I could have done so much better And wasting all those shows all those years with the member Ernest Sochen my good friend the call the other day Trying to get back on the year I guess About the election or any sochen and those buyer with a macho as wow. Oh my god How could that be of any interest to anybody else as soon as the person who called I mean yeah the phones were jambed But as soon as the person who called got there are reading so to speak they're gone. Oh, yeah I'm gonna go out to my I'm gonna get late. All right, and that's the end of that now they're turning over to a real show And the same with our psychic crap we used to do. Oh my god not to mention the great things God for me How is it that there are so many stupid stupid gollible idiot? It's like the people are read the horse gobs in the newspaper or in the magazine. Yeah Why do you think they put them on a funny pages? Huh stop and think about that Anyway, so the worst column in history of the human race and that's covered a lot of territory in this town Robert Steinbach who just can't get the message That wasn't this the same guy Correct me if I'm wrong. He's the same guy who went on waxy and bought his way on the year for about five minutes and was gonna He was gonna like revolutionize talk radio in this town and it wasn't gonna be Confrontational and it wasn't gonna be off the wall and it was gonna be he was really gonna Address the problems and talk to living and breathing people on the phone in this town right That's so still on the air by the way. Oh, I think that even what's his name lasted longer Warren's full Marty lasted longer than Robert Steinbach on waxy One or whatever the minor league station is that we sometimes used to but oh and by the way By the way, are you aware I heard was it hang talking about yesterday? I guess managed mention it over the weekend that we're actually gonna put some dolphin games on waxy Because we have prior commitments with the marlins Are you ready for that? The only one of the sports enterprises on this radio station that we might make some money off of and anybody might possibly listen to that could possibly be worthwhile the dolphins And because we have that violin crap We're gonna have to preempt the mar of the dolphins and put them over there on seven nine to your sum other place. Thank God that we have to carry that often done FM too One thing I like about that seven ninety it did nice personal Yeah, it's great It's unconscionable it's unbelievable it's just like in the spring we had panther of backwit of panthers were playing in the playoffs Which wasn't the lately, but I can remember we had they had panther playoff games on waxy While the station was running crappy marlin games Nice going Greg see this is what happens when your plate gets too full even if it's good food that you're putting on your plate When it gets too full it starts filling off the edges It makes a mess at all over your nice panter Ivy league suit your dress or whatever you're wearing or your legs And it creates a mess instead of being palatable and delicious and wonderful and that's the problem with Greg Reed sports plate It's running over and most of it by the way isn't delicious Wonderful Sensational Appetizing or successful making money. You're gonna make money before I get to Robert Steinbeck's worst column in history So a screw-and comes in this morning just go into that way after yesterday I bitched her in a wholesale staff out about being bogus with the copy and they are I mean they're they're uncomfortable what they do and they're just no no concern here until I get the only tenders ever Response in your witness to this is when I get on here and scream about it Then all of a sudden they start running up here and she shows up with that look on her post and she brings in a folder I'll hear some client feedback sheets. Yeah, yeah, so I'm looking through these client feedback sheets Which all of the clients seem to be getting pretty good results except the ones that Todd Drec is got there They're all renewed, but they'd like to get more response He's I'll see he can never he can never say anything good It's always got to be lying mouth. They renewed for another three months, but they like to get some more response That's Todd Drec because let's face it. I'm a failure. He's the success Now, how'd you like his home phone number? So anyway the point I'm getting to is that in this in the middle of this folder This is better in the time green when he was given. I he was gonna give what's his name? Glenn Humpler he was gonna give Humpler so I fell number I was doing it like one number the time until he came in the in the studio life Here's the list of all the sales holes from WQAM They're home phone numbers their cell phone numbers their pages there are dresses their shoe size They're penis size which I noticed by the way next to Todd Drec there's a blank next to that one I'm sending that to the world shirts of hate all right Look at that one address isn't it's great? Here's how I'm silverstein first on the list and It's interesting. She how is this is supposed to be off of the pie by the first name, I guess Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, nice going through and you're even better than I thought you were sweet heart Yeah, she's got an alpha of the times, but like the atoms are first Brian shults shoots shoots is Third it's by the first name. She's got an alpha of the size not by the last name which is anybody ever see a list like that. Oh no So if anybody wants one of our sales holes phone numbers and Guess who else is even on here? So if you want to borrow that big black instrument The one that's not connected We'll give you a phone number call up roll. Maybe you're loaded to you and the build-o-to This is great. I'm not letting go of this by the way This is in there is a mistake. I'm not letting go. She'll have to make her own copy I'm not given it up for a lover money So who you let's see let's give the first number of Todd Grec's directs phone number, huh? His home number the first number is nine All right Yeah That's nine five four by the way nine Or is Robert Rimmer the grim reaper would say yine Oh In fact anytime eight time he comes up here access for anything we always say nine And we give one of these little term and salute 21 before 11 at five 60 WQ and we'll get back to Robert Stein back. We had a lot of stuff going on here today Baby we got the asshwout of Turan let's hear our Jesus come on let's hear it for Jesus and for that Shout out of Turan I would be surprised if that thing's older than the fuselage, you know when you hear my down with older than What's his name your buddy? I've got a block Chris the bath house. I got a block on his name You know it because every time I started visualizing that post I get like oh and then guess who John penis brought in here this morning Who made Chris bath house look like He made him look like a roblo Made him look like a man human being David Horl from pop in a park nice gone penis you idiot David Horl show from pop in a park of all the people I'd rather see Todd Greck. I'd rather see Chris bath house. I'd rather see anybody Then to see David Horl show from pop in a park and he brings it in here this morning with the any particular reason No, just to be aggravating I guess nice going penis talk about truth and packaging Chacha This one what else what am I missing? Oh Dad I I'm a good Christian. I'm a good Christian. You're not even that deal, why? You're the fucking summer. So it's the hip on a day. You're the summer day, straight up. All right. I'm like, I don't know. I'm trying to tell myself, if I'm moving my gun out, who's every now and a half. I'm trying to tell myself, if I'm trying to tell myself. How about climbing the moon? I think that might be it. That's not it. That's enough to think it's going to drive me nuts. 16, before 11 at 5, 60, WQM, 20, we're Roberts Steinbach, who is just another legendary in his own mind. Tax vote sign of dim future he writes, whether my enemy, he goes on through this long horrendous grow, test bunch of gloom and doom, like the sky is falling. Because the majority of people, they overwhelming majority of people, said, no, that idiotic sales tax. And he goes on and on and on about the likes of automobile dealer Norman Brahmin, who's entity, toward mass transit, to be blindingly obvious, and the anxious role of Martinez, and Yadi, Yadi, in other words, every one of us who was against it was some kind of an evil evil piece of crap, with sinister motives. Isn't that what you're saying, Robert? You jackass, and by the way, nice show on whammy. Anybody on this ever here at? No. But here comes the best part. Residents, this trust the media. People often complain about, and of course this is in the Harold. Often complain about the Harold's diabolical attempts to control local issues, but the papers backing of the penny tax only demonstrates how powerless it is to sway public opinion. Right. That's the good news, Robert. That nobody, at the fact, whatever the Harold does, it says, we do the opposite. And with major corporations, including this paper's parent, he put them for parentheses, parent, medically, moving out and virtually none moving in, private industry also fails to generate confidence. It seems we trust no one, and won't believe anyone's vision of a brighter future for my enemy. Now, listen to this. This is the greatest paragraph ever written by man. Maybe I've been affected by my recent cross-country drive. I ran into countless people who loved where they lived, and virtually none who dreamed of coming to Miami. Let me see it again. During his recent cross-country drive, he ran into countless people who loved where they lived, and virtually none of them who were dreaming of coming to Miami. Do I ever met anybody who dreams are coming to Miami? No. In fact, any time I'm on a plane, I'm in a airport, I'm walking down the street, or just anywhere where there's a stranger and they say, hey, where are you from? And I say, Miami, they immediately go, oh, and run in the opposite direction. Looking over there's shoulder is they run. Robert, you're living in La La, man. And, you know, the horse is not only out of the barn, it's about 100 miles down the road already, and all of a sudden people like this answer, oh my gosh, what's going to happen now? It's going to get bad here. I hate to break the news to you sweetheart, but things are already pretty bad. It's already a pretty grim and gloomy place. That's why major corporations don't want to come here. That's why your parent corporation in the here, hold the ASAP to whatever the hell that was, silicone, valley, and California, because they'd count it unfortunately, is a toilet. And if people are responsible for being a toilet, are the same politicians that are trying to sell a bill of good now? That should explain you, let nobody's buying, Robert. Nice show, by the way. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Good morning, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. A little off topic here, but I have to ask you some questions about the stand-on station. We have over here at WWCM. Yes, our white trash host of the morning, that I listened to as a warm-up for a little bit before your show comes on, is claiming that the station has inched up a little bit in the recent book that's out, and that you've gone into the crapper. Really? Last week, I thought you were saying that you were ratings were not as good as you've ever had. We had a great book over here. How come I had a call yesterday from somebody telling me just the opposite saying that the ratings were way up and that we did great? It would be real good if instead of doing all of this in secret over there, since we have no commit, this may come as a shock to you, that even though they open up a pot and carry the program, we have no communication with them whatsoever. None, zero, zippity, do-da. Wouldn't it be nice if they would like facts over to us since they have our facts number? Facts over to us, what the numbers were? I mean, I'm a big boy, I can handle it. I don't get paid a dime for being on the air over there, so whether we have a zero share or a 90 share, it really is of no relevance to a my existence in any way shape or form. Well, here's just the thing and the point that I wanted to make, seems that most of the new advertising that they're able to sell on this aesthetic little station over here, that we listen to you on, comes on between the 10 and 2 hour on your show. Yeah. I don't need any more money, but seems like maybe you ought to get in on some of that, I mean, I mean, I mean, I'd be embarrassed to take money for being on that station with the beesleys. But it would be very nice if they would have facts of us or call us or communicate with us and let us know what the numbers are because I'll be glad to talk about them on here. And I thought, the George keeps telling me that this guy that's on the morning show over there, Joe or whatever his name is, that this guy's a big fan of mine, which is what he tells us to our to George's ear to his face, but evidently every chance he gets to take a shot over there, which makes him feel a lot better about himself as human being. So he's got to be shot on the other line. He's the biggest Neil, it's a white trash audience, and he's the pander to the white trash over here. Right. The audience is just below us element of society, which we have plenty of over here in South West Florida. One last question, though, these books that come out, do they break it down? No, it's just like the station goes up, is it broken into time increments? Yeah, it's broken into like 60 10 a.m. 10 to 3, 3 to 7 and 7 and midnight. So it should be pretty easy to see if the numbers go up, that it's likely to be the next time. That's why I'm saying if they would let us know what tell the numbers were, I'd be glad to put them on the ear even if they were crappy. You know, one thing about me, every month when the trends come out and every three months when a rating book comes up, for years I've been doing this for over 20 years, I put the numbers on here. If we, we haven't had plenty of books that weren't all that great, and if they're not that great, we still put them on here. We're not sitting here in a lie about it like some people do. There you go. Well, keep it up. We love you over here, and I'm sure whatever ratings that they're enjoying, if indeed they aren't precinct or do completely and totally to your show. Keep in mind, this is a station that up until about two years ago, and never even showed up in the ratings. You got it. Have a great day. Thanks for the good news for Myers again, playing fast and loose with our lives, because that's the way to be easily green company operates. The left hand don't know what the right hand is doing. And since they, you know, can't put any original programming on over there, at least not to speak up, what they do is they open up a pot they put me on here, they put some a handgun, they chop stuff off whenever they feel like it. That's a great way to run a radio station. That's a great way because it's cheap. That's what they know how to do the best cheap. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. 2 300 open lines on here for you. Are we going to hear from them in four Myers? No, maybe the cats got their tongue. I mean, do they actually have somebody running the board over there while they're sure it's on a must have to play this bot? Like a living and breeding person? Who's making at least 275 an hour? Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Good. That news for you. They're going to be announcing a stadium for the Marlins. What do you mean they're going to be announcing a stadium? In other words, we're going to wake up in the morning and they're going to say if you look out the window, there it is. Yeah, I guess John Henry's going to put some of the bill in and he's going to get over the boxes and it's going to be built in downtown Fort Lauderdale. Why is that bad news? If he wants to pay for it, I couldn't care less, except that it's going to jam up traffic and nobody's going to be able to get there. Exactly, but I mean it's no longer. I guess maybe a taxpayers burden anymore, but they get some bad news because you know, there's going to be more baseball on the way out of the hall. By the way, next Wednesday we got a one o'clock in the giants. We'll be here next Wednesday. Mark it under count. We get out here tomorrow 30. Can I get a request, sir? Yes, sir. The prison. Okay. I have a great day. I'll think about it. It's getting ponderous. 567 just like sitting here looking at an almost empty board is getting ponderous too. I'll turn it that's getting really freaking ponderous. 567 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Life in a vacuum. That's the way it is when you work with measly greed. Life is in a vacuum. I said this yesterday. It's true. You're shows in a vacuum. Everything you do is in a vacuum. You're coming to your little room. I leave here yesterday and along the whole the world is coming to an end. I mean rain and thunder and lightning. I get home. My little dog is nowhere to be found. He's hiding under the bed somewhere. It was like the end of the universe. And I'm sitting in here in a totally enclosed room. I have no idea what's going on outside. We have no news department. We have no weather department. Like last week one day when the turnpike was all screwed up back up miles southbound. And we had nothing about it here on the year because we're like in a vacuum. Like I said before. I got my nice little TV up here. Oh look at that. So hot zone baby on MTV. Oh yeah. Something for everybody on there right now. I got that and we got our satellite dish all free. All thanks to our own ingenuity. And they've given us basically a bunch of crappy old equipment that even nice there's wooden cell or so in pairs. Even radio shack would laugh at this crap. And that's it. Not that I'm complaining mind you. Although I'm going to start complaining a lot more because that crap about that in different routine that guilty sold me doesn't work with this outfit. Doesn't work at all because as soon as they get that signal that you become as indifferent as they are and that they want you to be then all of a sudden they just really slack off. Then they do nothing. Hey by the way anybody want a more sales department phone numbers? Huh? 560560. WQAM. Okay nice talking to you. 560560 and pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. New. Yes sir. Okay. I was on you know what's the yesterday and I want to ask you a few questions. Um, can you tell me what what that book about for well the faint is about. Is it in there? Yeah there you go. Yeah it's a guy who used to be a preacher and the who realizes that it's all a bunch of bookrap. It's a great book. Yeah that's what I think because we'll look at it. The church as always accommodated themselves to like the changing times and whenever it's been the most convenient for them. They've changed their entire philosophy that I think so. You know I mean I used to be a Catholic you know when I was a kid but I I mean I got out of all of our crap. Um, another thing that I would be for they had a chance to alter you was done it. Uh, yeah and also I was I was looking at your contract I had I saw you had a few years left. What are you gonna do after three years? You're leaving her get her a new air. Well I'm getting out of here man. Oh yeah. I know from the Europe. I'm going with the people are a little more civilized. You should go like don't go to a place like London or that one no where they'll charge you there and go to the bathroom and crap like that of the department stores. Mm-hmm. Hey, um, can I learn how I crap into the department store for a free myself? Um, can I request a song? Yes sir. Can you play the share? Do you want the share? Do you believe in the last game? Okay. All right. What is that called by the way the share or a lesbian thing? Do you believe in now? What is that called? I can't believe she's a what is that called George? George is on a phone with somebody I have no idea. With us four miles. Oh, with four miles was on a phone? They only got the numbers minutes ago. Joe Scott the morning guy who is your biggest fan and declares it vehemently. So that guy is one of their chronic ozone provocateur. Oh, chronic fire. Oh, chronic fire is all totally wrong. That is chronic colors from the West Coast now. Oh, Jesus Christ. They only got the numbers minutes ago. They haven't even looked at yours yet to say. Well, how many of them? Oh, they've also said that they're talking about the numbers. They were mistaken. Yes. You'll be getting them shortly. Yeah. And so there you go. And we don't know the only mention that they made about you is that let's see what Neal's numbers look like when they come in. But Joe Scott of the Joe show in the morning is your biggest satisfying. Okay. That's for you Joe. All the way. Usually, don't kiss on the first date. What the hell is that share thing called? I can't believe she's a lesbian that has got wants to hear. What is that called? Can't believe she's a lesbian. That's not what it's called. She's a lesbian. No, it's not called that. Oh, yeah, it is. Okay. It's coming up in a minute. Oh, we got to do the break first level play. Because you sounded like a living and breathing person under the age of 100, which is what we're looking for here on this radio station. There's an envelope for George. I wonder what's in it. Oh, my God. Look at that. It was not good enough that George yet today finally got his check for that first appearance he made for two people showed up. I'm sorry. Where nobody showed up. Yeah. Why should you get paid for an appearance where nobody shows up, by the way, Mr. Hot Shot? But that was at all about. It's a couple of people shut three people. But I got paid. Good. Let's hear it. George finally got paid for that appearance six months ago. And a few smart. He'll be doing a lot more appearances that that boy sets up if you ask me before he goes off to radio on more. And how come faculty will never go to any more ratings numbers? Probably because Maddie beat him by a mile. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the AT&T line. It's all request Tuesday. We're trying to make it desperately this next month. To the month of August. Can we do it? You think? No. When you're looking to put something new on your feed. Am I doing the right spot, by the way? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh no. This is the John Pinos' fault, by the way. He's stuck a brand new copy and moved back road folder. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. No matter how hard it's right. Can't get further day to gather to power it is. She will touch up his name. She has to be angry vain. It's too hard and believing. Call the three and relax their stun. She dated guy who's really hunt for. I can't believe she's a Latteian. Yeah, Latteian, Latteian, Latteian. You must be something wrong to keep gay. I really don't know where I went wrong now. I can't believe she's a Latteian. I feel Latteian, Latteian. I really don't know where I went wrong. Made a key hurt, done a thing I saw. That's full like the use. We are 1103 at 5.60. WQM. So anyway, here's a facts from our best post personal friend, Joe. We see over in four of our minds. Let's deal with that call or that jacket. He's an Ojo provacitor. Yeah, he's a piece of crap as what he is. And you know, how are we supposed to over here? I know all the chronic colors in this market. Believe me when I tell you. Many of whom call this radio station frequently like that Joe guy. That sports guy with the thick voice that makes my skin crawl. Oh, God. Because one thing about this station, the rich are sitting screening out the calls if they have anything controversial to say, but they don't care if you're chronic. That's one of the problems. I guarantee you we'd have been number one by a hundred miles in men 2554. And why shouldn't we be? Do we have any competition? No. Other than life. So anyway, getting back to the facts from Joey See over in four. So this guy calls up their all of time is a professional trauma. Met a trouble like a window life. I don't want to get personal, but you're sure because I don't know you. But we hate you. Everybody here hates you like poison. And we wish you would die a wicked mean spirited death. Whatever a mean spirited death is. Don't we? Uh-huh. And by the way, get off your stuff. You're right. Because the facts I got says, thanks for helping us. And believe me, they need some help. It says the last four miles call is full of crap. No communication is tough and five sixties fall. Get off your stuff. Get off your stuff. Get off your stuff. Yeah, it's his fall. He's to be making up these stupid schedules over and over and over again. Round a clock with these stupid schedule. Get off your stuff. Yeah, that's it. That's his deal. It's tough spot. Not mine. So Joey see. And I would agree with you sir. The station is automated except for you. And I have to guess the length of stop sets. Your number four and men 25 to 54 and number five 18 to 49 men. We're all in Neil fans. Me since 1980 said Joey see. And his last guy is full of crap, but get off your stuff. Yeah. How do you like that? See, it's this and I believe it because I see the way these people operate with everything that goes on over here they're unenvolved. So certainly anything that goes on over there that we don't make any money from. They're not going to be able to get out of the house. They're going to be involved in that. They're going to make any kind of an effort. This place where they don't even service to God. They're not. First not. These are people were surrounded by people. I hate to put it in these terms. Some of them are nice people. Like get off your stuff. He's not a bad guy. Never stole a freight train. I'll open him. A little on the adult side. But nevertheless. But they're sliding through life. They're fumbling their way through life. And then the book comes out. And then we go through the roof based on the fact that you're listening to me for example. Or listening to some of the personalities on the station. And then they go, oh yeah, we're great. We're great. Every place I've ever worked in this business. It's always been the same. Remember the boy Jerry Days? If we ever had a bad book. And of course we did. Over those nine or ten years. I was like, I would do that. We had a book that weren't all that great. And he come in with the big sheets fully out for get amounts in there. We need to put the numbers on here. Like I have for a hundred years. And he walked in with a fistful of a paper. And it looked at me with that little frog. Oh, we stuck. We stuck. And every time he was saying that, I'm going to say, no, you suck. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I think the hunk of my degree with that. That guy started was fun. Yeah. Boy, did they hate each other or what? I'm like poison. And even though Hank is full of crap, I didn't tell you about all the money he wins of the track. How come we never hear Hank at a cappling town about all that when he lose the ranch of the track? Only about all the cash. But nevertheless, he was sure why it on target when it comes to boy Gary. I was going to hunker. God was he a jackass. We suck. And then if we have a good book, oh, we're great. We're number one. Yeah, we. We like what time is your show on you asshole. Boy Gary and Steve Nichol. And by the way, get off your dog. Yeah, get with it. Okay. Well, how much would it cost to make a call before it fires? Oh, that's right. More than we can afford. Probably sorry. Probably more than they paid for that dim. I'm sorry. It's a pieboard disc with these got to an it. I'm sorry. It's at the pace. What do they call that stuff? Particle board. Particle. That's what I'm looking for. Particle board. That's what his desk is made of. Particle board. Sitting in there like it. Like at a height here. This is the program director. And guess what's in the sham. It must be on vacation or something. I'm getting laid. He's got an office. 55 times the size of the so called program director's office. You know, get off your dog. Maybe that's why he doesn't want to get off his dog. Maybe that's why he does the minimum possible to decide his way through life. Even though he is getting paid. $1 a year, which is a hell of a lot. Forgotten makes up the schedules. But nevertheless, we like him. We just wish he would do something with our four Myers people. See, number four men 25 54. That might sound very impressive. The only problem is in four Myers. What have they got? Five stations I think. So I mean number four out of what. So thank you, Joey. See, forgiving me that information. But it isn't really very elucidating. What we don't know what the story is. Or what the number is. Do you follow what I'm saying? In other words, the top three stations might have like 15 years. We might be number four with the zero point two or something like that. So just knowing what number we are. And may say, and we're not looking to have our ass. Okay. We're not looking to be. Licked all over. We had nothing here to last a week with a great number. Get off your dog over here, which are the ones that count. We're just looking for a little truth and packaging. Is there anybody listening over there? Except that crusty old fart, who we all hate like poison and which would die before noon today? I'm calling my close personal friend, Mickey Daines and some such a believer in psychics. And going to have a put a curse on that guy. We don't even know his name yet. We'll find out, we'll come and get you pal. You piece of crap. You old disgusting foul. Have you ever like sat in the restaurant down here? And you see the old people sitting like, you know, way in the back. Thank God. And you heard, ah, I caught you know what I called it? I call it the death rattle. It's the soft word of death rattle. When they start the hacking cup and you can just you can just feel it. The pounds and pounds of flim. The gallons of flim just come puking up from 50, 60, 70 years ago puking up through their system. And you have to be treated right in the middle of a nice dinner. To listen to it. I was like that. The death rattle. And sir, I hope they rattle your cage and you get it before the day is out. You jackass that called us before. I'm pulling me before. So I haven't I told you this for a hundred years. The chronic colors. They're all mentally ill. Haven't I told you that? George. Yes. And it took you while. But you finally found out that I was absolutely correct. Not to mention anybody in particular like Greg or Andy or any or Mitch from the video joint. Chronically chronically twisted. Yeah, exactly. They make Chris bathhouse look like a normal and they make David the lunches name horror show. Look like a real guy. And that's a naughty. Oh, yeah, and Woody. Not Woody Graber. We're talking Woody from Hollywood that is also known as Steve when he calls the sports shows. Another chronic regular call around the station. But of course the people here that work here. They're oblivious. They could talk to the same six people every day. And as long as they get a call here and there, they don't give a crap. Maybe that's why they're underreachiving. You don't want to say a little bit of underreachiving there. Couldn't be that it's boring. Why don't you go back to cure for your spik baths. I'm really proud of it. Music and it's stored in there. By now you're all familiar with my brother up the rock, last six American women, where I add it my own guitar style. Music Music Music You like his so much, I decided to cover other rock drugs. Like smoked on the water. Music Music They're got her to be there. Oh, there's a lot of water. There's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Oh, there's water. Yes, Rose. And any garbage covers rock glasses. Now available. So we're going to get the car. I'm only sending your proof of purchase. We're a chance to win and then you get to our just like the one I play, Chad Don Delz or ever see these results. You get little credits better. Rucks classic. Alright. Okay. 11, 16 at 5, 60, W2, I've got thank Goldberg show it to. We got, uh, oh no. See, where you're going along so well. We had managed for four solid hours last night. Even I listen a little bit in the car. Tonight we got the Donnie baseball at six and then a pregame show at six 30 to fillies here in Talon and Marlins. We got more Marlin crap back on. That's our pool question. Which would you add in here? Jim Manage for four hours. Yeah, or stupid Marlin King. Is that a tough question? No, how sad. How sad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Warmus line. Here's Pemberpine. Hello. Hello. Yes. Well, I wasn't in 10. I just wanted to know if you were to stand to me. I was wanting to know if you enjoyed the food. My brother brought you a few weeks back. Well, it's not that. You sound like my old friend met. I'm not. No, no, no. Who would brother brought us? What was that? Uh, your friend Danny. For me, day days. Me, days? Yeah. Hallopingo poppers. Oh, that was great. Yeah, our good, close best personal friend Danny. How can I forget him? Right. Yeah. One that brings me those stats at the Panther games. Yeah. And in fact, he'll be bringing me a lot of those Chris Wells goals this year during the year. The games. Yeah, it was great. They let Chris Wells on the ice now. Yeah, they actually signed him for another year because they just want to keep slapping us in a face with him. He's like a weapon. Good lord. Yeah. Actually, I think he's playing for other teams now. He's just in a. Oh, he just they're going to ride the bench. So you know, he's going to be sitting in the crowd in the suit. He looks good. He, he sits big in the stands in a suit. Uh, man, I call someone to do spagging him. Yes, sir. John Roberts, you're a douchebag. Okay. And tell Danny, we love him. All right. Okay, see. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What are we going to eat today, by the way, huh? Since my blood sugar was 79 this morning. I'm going to go and deal. Well, that's because I had to take an extra pill last night. Because somebody brought home ice cream and it wasn't even been in Jerry's. I don't want to mention that was good. That would be bad to mention that. It was okay. It wasn't been in Jerry's dog. You know, I'm sitting here all day and I'm looking for that guy. Damn song. Why? I don't know. Because I want to find that one line. But that's not the most important part. It's one of those things he becomes stubborn and obstinate when you can't find something you keep looking for it. By the way, KJ, it's not strange things in my box. Listen to it again. That's no. No. No, no. But I do that too. It's, I think it's that too. The smoke gets in your eyes. I think smoke gets in your eyes. But obviously, it's already in that. Do smoke gets in your eyes. That's not what he has sung. No, it's got nothing to do with anything like that. He says, I'm checking out baby. And then Nelson, right, a lot of his orchestra. Where's Nelson? Nelson, Nelson's dead. I mean, I've played it 50 million times. We scoured it here. We took old books. We took go into the DCS. We went through every guy dancing. It's over. And then we find it. No. Not that it's going to change my life if I don't all hear it is. On our CA. Order now and receive a free poster of the Verified with your CD. All right, the Verified. So anyway, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. If we decided what we're having for lunch today. Something atkins perfect by the way. So I don't have to go screw it up. You might blood your drug since it started to 79 this morning, which is so nice. Any ideas? Why do we ask Jason? Okay. He's the one that's always pushing this around for the free food. W2QAN. Hello. Yes, sir. George. Yes. How are you doing? Great. Hey, the song you're looking for. Yeah. One foot in the grave. One foot in the grave. God bless you, sir. Have a good one. Thank you. I'm going to get this audience. Oh! God! God! What is great? How do you like that in the night, sir? Yeah. No, we've never got it. One foot in the grave. I say, then I have no chance to be saved. And see the light now. I'll be checking out. Oh! This for the night is full. The chamfer's not the port. I wasn't posing. Very soon I'll be. He composed English and the ending of. Soon I will be with you. Who's the baby? One foot in that grave. Someone for Barbara. I've got one foot in the grave. Oh, right. He's the law surprise that I am still alive. Inside, in 95. I don't think I'll sing today. My life is fading far away. Whoa! May it prove the light. This is surprising. It's not think I'll sing. That's unerizing. Not bad for a guy. Who's one foot in the grave. Who's who maybe self-sumptial with a self-sumptial with? Where is self-sumptial with? Barbara was my lucky object. I'll check it out. Oh, right. This is I am so I've got a chill in my left arm. I've got a restaurant in that tall. That was one of the greatest moments I've been in here. He's 78 years. That was one of the highlights of my broadcast career. That's for you pal. Whoever you are. What an audience. They don't have too much to say. And it's the dog days of the summer. And I'm sitting in here. Pump it in his numbers. Pump it in like crazy every day. Banging and playing and hoping for a response. But nevertheless, when push comes this job. When the crap is on the line, they really come through. That was incredible. And by the way, where is Nelson? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. There is self-sumptial. That was fast. Excellent. George is on top of it. It must be a little over. And I just a little spill over from the drugs from the weekend. You said it's wearing off a little bit today. Yesterday, we were a bit of good day. Oh, yeah. In fact, yesterday, we would remember the name of the bit. Not today. Because those drugs are wearing off. I'm like cocaine, which we've eaten the newspaper this morning. Perfect your mental state for like over a month. Yeah. Bad article about cocaine. I've always told you that white powder is a killer. It'll destroy your lives. Stay away from that white powder. Anybody comes near you when it just takes a powder. Like those farts as an Amsterdam. Gork, crack, crack, just don't get lost, baby. Or just keep walking with your eyes straight ahead. Like you ignore them, which is what I always do. Those shows that I'm stood on. Why can't we find some shows with some good stuff? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm not. I'm just going to play that one foot in the grave thing. I think from now on to a clock. I'm getting the chills. I'm getting the willies from the hearing that. The willies in the woody's. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? Hey, there are three ten seconds. I'm going to have a full booth. Okay. Okay. Hey, sir. You're not functioning. I'm not. You're not doing me. Just let it be. Did you just go on? I'm going to board my brains out. Yeah. I'm losing my mind here. Okay. I thought it became a human being. I thought it pulled my head out of my ass. I rented done that work. Really? That's fantastic. Oh, no. One year's screaming to yell. That's good. It had an effect on. I'm going ballistic. I'm behind some schmigege. We think that a dollar bill is exact change. I love that way. I love that word by the way. I love that word by the way. Shmigege. That's one of my favorite English words in the world. Yeah. I'm going to get a few of them in this town. And, anyway, I want to thank you for turning me on the out movie. It's a fantastic movie. And the only thing I got to say is this whole town is one big, Howard Beal Show. The only problem is no one's going to pull the trigger at the end. Right. God bless you. It's like his one. Okay. And happy. Tissue ball. What is it? I don't know which one it is. She was. 560560. Just what I said, man. We get great information. But no response. We got 600 open lines here. And only 3.5 hours to kill the two of us. It's going to be just like yesterday again. Isn't it? And tomorrow will be the same way. And no, I don't want to talk about the guy named sales tax again. She that was the problem. You know, we wrote that for a couple of days. There really big about two and a half days. Got everybody whipped up into our frenzy. And actually got people excited about something in this town in a middle of the summer time. And they did magnificent job. They overwhelmed him and came out and voted. Oh, didn't I stop on that. But now it's like, okay, what do we do now? What do we do for an encore? But it got any suggestions? No. Let's talk about that Blair, which stupid movie for a couple hours, which I didn't see. And guess what? I'm not going to go see. If I need to go, I can just go out and drive on any highway down here for about 20 minutes. That'll do it for me every time. If I need to get dizzy and feel like the room is spinning around like a guy named Dradel and Heath. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And like I've told you before, most people including most of you, unfortunately, you don't do your own thing. And you let somebody else run you around by the nose. And so I'll, I'll bunch of idiots who got to do it. Say, oh my god, this is the greatest thing. This is so unique and so different and so exciting. And you're rushed right out there to see it. Without talking to like an expert like George, he would have told you that's a piece of crap. And you could have saved your five or six bucks. And you could have gone and right didn't network for like two bucks. And see the really good movie. That's right. Or got five of the parts along to 100. And whatever you do, J.P. Don't ever give an order like that again. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And here. Yes, sir. That one movie. Why? Why open or something? Yeah. Why open? The first 5000 suckers that went to see that. And they realized it was a bad movie. They made that on a media fight for that one up. Yeah. Listen, you've been at the Krom Avenue. I just drove by the home detention center of the country. Yeah. I got like a big 10 out of here with people that like I guess, so just dying. They're not eating or something. Have you seen that? No. I don't want to right after the show though. I just, like a 10 and I guess I'll never give our free lunch. They're starving themselves. They're doing a hunger strike. Yeah. And they got signed all up and then there's just people who are sitting and watching them die. I mean, it's like they're really seeing it. Great. And also, if you've been to this, make a 50 gambling thing out of here. No. No. If you just about 30 stories, it's a big hotel and a few. No. I know. And I was just wondering, like, what the odds are on? And they regulate, like, say, Vegas would be. Or did this big rip off? You know what I mean? Are that? No, I mean, you know what? No, you can go out there and win just like an Hollywood. You're the so huge. Yeah. Well, take a look at that. You'll be amazed. It's a big building they put up out there. Okay. I'm coming right out. Okay. See, I got to go to Hollywood first because that's their fine sponsor. By the way, the good news is because they dropped out on TRL for one day. They got B.D.S. for number one on TRL a couple of days ago. You know what? What number one was, don't you? Your favorite, which is a real piece of crap. One of the worst pieces of TRL I have ever heard in my life. But what was number one again last night? And you know what's going to be number one today because it's the last day. I don't know. Do we have any idea how long they let the songs stay on before they move them out. They retire them today as they'll be terminated for it. But this. And by the way, the show of the impact the best reports have made even on the guiding light. Yesterday one of the world's great shows and they brought the real Harley back just in time to deliver the baby. While Allen is recovering from his 18th heart attack and they get his heart beating in for the 19th time. And they bring the original Harley back and she has a little boy. And so her stepdaughter walks in and says if you decide it on name yet, she knows. And the stepdaughter says, how about how are your AJ or Nick? That's right. And Harley says, no, no back street boy names, please. And everybody goes. Yeah. So anyway, be that as it may. I was going to play this back to the phone. So we go Luigi's on the phone with Brian. Yeah, I want to know what's going on. I have come Chris and Randy. I interviewed a new one instead of the first thing. I mean, what's going on here? What are you trying to show us? Something here? What's the deal? You can take some questions? What's going on? Luigi, you were able to call in, weren't you? Yeah. Well then, what do you worry about? I'm worried about because it's unfair. What's going on over there? What, you have any questions? Do you have any questions? Do you have any questions? Do you have a coach, Luigi? Luigi, you got any questions for the coach? Yeah, I got a question for him. Well, that why I got asked the question. I'm not worried about whether Jeff and Joe were asking the question. You got a question. Ask it. The question is, when is he going to get fired? I'm in here. He's boring. It's fucked. Yeah, soon I think. Chris, well, get signed again for one more year. Oh, I'm here. I'm in our close personal friend Andy. Couldn't have been here. At least long enough to see Chris well is getting signed again. He would have gone in had a couple more beers. We met you Andy already. There was the good Andy as opposed to the evil Andy. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Speaking of it, it's me Andy. How are you? Oh, yeah. Great. How do you like that? And I will actually leave it on the air. Just to show you how psychic I am. And what an absolute unbelievable asshole this punk is. Are you ready for that? I was in such a good mood after that guy called before and gave me that son of a bitch. And speaking, I want to foot in the grave, Andy. Isn't that interesting that you should just have an a call? You hope maybe there's a coincidence there? More than just a coincidence. In fact, two feet in the grave sounds real good. In fact, let's get a package deal. The guy from Fort Myers and Andy from Hollywood. Oh, yeah. A tofer. Tofer the price of none. Can we decide it on lunch yet, by the way, although I almost lost my appetite just now. I'm waiting for a call back from Maydays hearing that disgusting obnoxious ubiquitous voice. What? That guy mentioned Maydays remembered any brother calls. Yeah, but I can't eat that stuff again. Or you can be a hick again tonight. Who do they have? Have everything. What? Yeah. Oh, finally it is all Maynew bond. Have you seen this bond? Like steak stuff, lobster, what? Have you seen this bubble the first spot with the kid in school and they're sitting there on class and the announcement comes about his diary medicine is waiting at the front of the house. And he's got a finger in his nose searching for gold and just digging and digging and they got him up on the big diamond board on the screen up there. And everybody is looking and looking for Amazon for Arizona, whatever the hell like the gene thing is. Nice going, baby. Oh, two winner. WCWM Georgia's ordering lunch. Hello. Okay. Nice hearing from you. See, every single time I would say 99 times out of 100 when that happened, you notice how they vanished because it's usually some asshole. And when I pick him up, cool, they're all 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pawn, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless one. You know, people say I should write a book and I should write a book. But not about all this stuff from the last 23 years in his market. I should just write a book only on the psychology of talk radio. People have called radio talk shows. Because I'm one of the few people anywhere in the world who will tell you, again, it was the same way. We're probably the only two who will tell you that most people, call talk shows are like read, especially the regulars. They're real sick. Really, really sick. The chronic regulars. Like the other day, we had the guy from the really eyes who was on there for about 2 and a half seconds screaming somebody's name that never got on the air over and over again. In search of an identity, in search of a life, in search of a purpose. Here's my, any. Hello. That's going, Neil. Okay, sir. Those are the most institutional people like a anti there. Yeah. They do. God knows it. You need to use it. It was rubber walls. It's almost getting a little bit boring. I hear a little tropical depression and the tropical waves. You don't have a little Brian norcaught bringing hurricanes all the week. Africa with his hands over here. But they were having an nervous breakdown about that storm yesterday. Boy, I was looking. It was a bad storm. Like the end of the world. And he was hopping up and down there last night like Rumble Stillskan. Yeah, it was pretty bad, I guess. I thought he was going to take off in the orbit. Yeah. a don though you know that's who they are in that commercial again but you know not whipping up everyone in front of you I love don't yeah very good he's very good you know really that's boring here man it's terminal I don't know how we're gonna make it through the next month to labor I have no idea well we always think the fun the way and all these people you know you know hyped up about the dolphins and scrimmage and all this I need to say that a thousand people go to a scrimmage it's not even next to a vision game it's not any kind of a game it's a scrimmage and because it's so goddamn boring here 16 thousand people show up at a scrimmage that can be his era the greatest commentary on what this town's all about there is no way you can get me to sit in 95 degrees right and under there's 187 on the field and I'm dark complexity enough and God knows if I stay on the sun then you longer I'm almost going to be transparent there's no way you can give me the stuff like one d has pretty soon with any more sun if there's no talk about that a also no I mean mere mere penellers I'm so glad to that vote went down I know that's all news but I just had to call mere penellers or stronts all right okay and back at you he's a struns that mayor pinga a struns 560 50560 pong 560 on the AT&T wireless line we got 60 or 70 thousand lines open here waiting on practically because like this last guy says this is so unbelievably boring our first call is more than he was responding to a question I asked but the first call this morning he admitted he watched the golf last night and actually enjoyed it how do you like that found it entertaining oh man can you imagine if we only had the commercial networks we didn't have you know the small dish or at least cable with about 600 channels and I'm gonna tell you right now I got the big dish the small dish and the cable which means I got 75 thousand channels and most of the nine there's still isn't anything worth watching on it that's the best part oh the quantum spend you know 7 or 8 or 10 grand on that HD TV for what I don't care how clear it is are how many black people around it are white people for Hispanics or uh crackers how about something entertaining would be good that 48 hours last night wasn't too bad is that what it was the two little kids that had a well shoot daddy made you really know that the forced sterilization should be real big in the south that's where we start with it in the deep south how that was meals forced sterilization program she shifts my rear end until noon at 560 WQM we got high golbert in the studio I believe it to a clock and then we got that dolphin thread that the marlin craft starting at 6 with Donnie B and a pregame at 630 and it fell here in my end anybody go to that? No and the interest was to let oh here's Hollywood hello hello yes sir I see the Catholic churches reinstated the shrouded turret and yes sir right on the front page of the newspaper ancient pollen may licks route the Jesus oh you know about five years ago Oxford Cambridge University Chicago MIT and Caltech approved MIT with those kids are getting killed from rick and too much in the third year and the DNA all indicated 600 plus and minus 10 years that's the age of the years old years old yes therefore I cannot be the shrouded covered east of that gosh yeah yeah and so they will not accept the facts no we have to keep reinventing this because they're looking desperately for some tangible evidence to support a ridiculous stereotype about this loving god who sent his only son so they could be brought on across anybody who believe in this would you know live forever and that's what kind of a grotesque an historian yes what kind of an also to the chosen people the Jews yes he sat there and watched them thrown in the ovens at our fifths boog and rock off right for blinski right what kind of a god is he I mean that that thank god he's not mine it's for the angels boat for blinski any how they were they they just refused to accept the facts that's all this good right and they're still finding and no or doc do you want to know why because they have to there are weak people who need to cross that's the problem it had to cross so they got to make up some fantastic stories and then then be read all the rest of us with a brain and I want to believe them you see what the Pope said the Pope said over the weekend that heaven and hell are don't exist yeah as entity they're only a state of mind he said there are way newton of somebody's imagination which I know was very clever yeah they're this so they're sort of shatters everything for these poor idiot but anyhow they don't want to accept the facts yeah I can't you said heaven is a double date with those alter boys in a Vatican okay god bless you sir and have a great life thank you and okay by the way how uh co-ed to that will get a little bit about the shroud of terrain is anybody believe that no anybody with a brain no you're carda indonesia clashes between Muslim and Christian gangs in eastern indonesia and attacks by separatist rebels in the far west love 17 people dead on Tuesday oh mobs rampades and amban the capital of the molecule archipelago looting and setting ablaze dozens of shops and sectarian violence between Christian and Muslim residents officials in what this is said clashes between the rival groups have wrecked wrecked and wrecked the province 1450 miles east of Jakarta that was known as the spice islands during Dutch colonial rule if they were to just listen to the Dutch they would have got rid of all that crap they'd have put a bunch of uh prostitutes of a day to head the red light district to one of those churches and people would had a good time and said oh god that's good instead of uh killing each other because of these religious nonsense is more than 300 people died during similar violence in January there's a good news as that good old time religion once again goes to show you just how much love and brotherhood and how great it brings everybody to world together it says police attempted to disperse hundreds of looters by firing tear gas and warning shots in the air but when the gangs armed with rocks machetes lances arrows and gasoline bombs failed to scatter officers were seen firing into the crowd and you like that another one of those isolated religious incidents were people keep killing each other and hitting each other because of that good old time bubble nursing five six seven five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's point and be chill out hello Neil yes sir Neil God speaking anyway uh just to let you know you got huge huge fans on the airline we listen to you on the air right now we're flying any particular airline that we can mention or should we better not it's uh it's a big one it's a big airline it's a big one in Miami okay and i'm just to let you you got huge huge fan of a huge fan circumcised Julio flight attendant from uh major airline we love you Neil all right all right oh they love me on air Canada I'll tell you that it's not air Canada and they love the air can airline all right and have a great day yeah yeah okay see you see see you see that's that american all well listen i'll tell you one thing the food's good on a american airlines if you happen to get one of the flights where they actually serve it now that's you know and once you get the smoke out you rise they're pretty good love my friends at air Canada how's my friend Helen Haleen whatever her name is how she doing heard from her lately no did you put that in here by the way i don't want to interrupt our lunch order for that's the most important thing did you put that uh words Nelson thing in here nope oh we don't have that ability while we're on the air not yet well why not why don't i find yeah sorry about that we're only on the air who are you talking to is that the lunch people because oh well i can't have more important than the show w q a m i George yes sir i George and George is ordering lunch right now this is Neil answering the phone for George oh Neil i'm sorry Neil i'm very curious about something you said earlier today you said in the uh cocaine staging you system for a month is up the nice to live on that stuff until i saw the light the the blue light that is yeah and what what can i read that article sir let me find it for you sir it's in one of our papers here today one of the mollit rappers yeah exactly one of our fish rappers beautiful let's see albanians take back university play of alokus is already do uh embark on the journey to earth let's see maybe it's in the uh maybe it's in the hero of course because we know fits in the hero that must be true today's hero and to the end it's in today's paper um George upholds get out to vote ever by the christian coalition our thritis pill fast fast is selling new drug ever the Kennedy wedding finally to all here it is it's on page six a in the uh front section of the brow edition the hero that says cocaine used link to lasting impairment had the use of cocaine impairment's memory manual the exterior and decision making for at least about that to the drug with last taken according to a new study by uh researchers at the national institute on drug abuse i had always been curious about the long time term effects of that garbage you know um people mind that derall strawberry who of course had a little white powder problem 20 or 30 or 40 times in his life he's back playing tomorrow in a minor league we'll be back there with the Yankees we ought to be real proud of that out hey how did you like the golf match in fine time last night nail somehow listed somehow managed to a slide by did you record it on your bc r i'll be watching them when i go home today beautiful hey can i call somebody do you back yes sir can you are closing do you back all right and don't forget i like pepsi better than coke five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line legalized pot legalized hash people with coke people are selling cocaine put them away for a long time that's what i say that white powder will allow scrub everybody's life connected to it and i don't give a crap how many of you pseudo intellectuals you're up here think that you can get away with it able destroyer sooner or later in most cases it's wicked evil stuff evil because i don't know anybody that grows in their backyard do you get my drift uh we are getting some good uh Columbia and gold by the way brought in today one of our suppliers i don't want to say jp's bring it in but one of our suppliers is bringing in so what is it uh pound pound just a pound that's me enough to lie till Thursday this place in this joint five six seven oh five sixty you know what i'm saying i'm on five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line this is your maro one smoking station for the nineties and we're proud of it in fact you know something i don't smoke but i'm gonna start to win a just an opposition to this diagram of festive country of ours i'm gonna start lighting up and you know what i'm what else i'm gonna start smoking in here and that's right this bull crab about no smoking how come when we were down on the second floor in the same building we used to smoke those stoves all the time am i right about that or might as my memory fading every day during that whammy thing remember those horrible awful days and at embarrassing tvp's a crap on the worst tv station in history remember those days uh i had that big stoge in my post and it was lit up and he was sitting in the other room there puffed away look like uh look would be the hours in there but all of a sudden we move up on the turd floor and all of a sudden oh it's an unspoken environment and Greg doesn't want to yes pick up your ass Greg okay do a moniker with that cigar we want to smoke some of good stuff in here would improve the improved the numbers on the rest of the station and measure oh i'll i'd hate to see beefle man can you imagine beefle smoking on here my 10 o'clock he way at least 350 this man is just ballooning up a jout of control looks like somebody stuck a gigantic bicycle pumping his record just don't stop blowing here's a four-letter day hello hi god yes sir the movie godfather and blows all of a bunch of cheese dog guinea yeah and yeah and blow this cheese dog guinea sounds like one of those people remember i was talking about uh forced their elisation in the selfie for uh i think he's walking evidence of it walking proof or crawling proof 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line sorry we couldn't keep down a little bit longer their pal so could show the other cheek to the rest of the audience here's a mobile in my any hello mobile in my any whoa i won't need oh yes sir i need this sir i do good i'm good do i yeah i i want to let you know i know you're a maven on the godfather i want to know i just really suddenly finished the book after all these years of the picture never read the book is better the book is better right sure but that's always what i i wanted to tell you was i learned an answer from the picture i never understood a line from the picture that i learned about the book maybe i'll tell you a low amount yeah yeah do you remember when he says uh when he says the woman's uh uh we're the negotiators so i definitely cannot go to let them win right i never knew when they came from and the picture they never explained the sub but it's about those baccatoes the score you're never the book you must have read it either go i read it ages ago oh you don't remember that no oh who's gonna go she just won what that was all about the book out here yeah yeah that was a lunch for cash just to that's just so you family that always got vengeance here remember that right well that's what they were like i just wanted to know i'd make that point nothing more okay and that clomenza well see him no more i know they also he could be the picture okay for real huh maybe with for real this is the mob they didn't like the moose could have been okay god bless you sir if they had a crappy pentangely through by the way he's sitting in the bathtub opening up his wrist we've lead for Frankie pentangely he's small potatoes i say let's invite the mob in the town that the Harold always screaming about casino gambling and the mob shoes that would come in let's let them run this town then you see transportation then you see shuttle you see like they have that mono real in Vegas you know what i'm talking about we have mono rails all over the goddamn place in fact everybody in town would have mono mono a mono that's what we would be doing armin arm hand in hand hand on your glance because we'd be having a great time and instead of this place being a dying town thanks to the Harold and the sun sent always lecturing about the evils of those one are bandits we'd have tourists 12 months a year instead of this deadly from from pays off until a labor day time when his town is dead in a goddamn a prune just take a look around you man if you can find one white person anywhere around you i can graduate you right now okay and the only reason is far too this still here is because most of them can't afford to get out of town no that's true that's the only reason they're still here they don't want to be here in this hell hole in the middle of the goddamn summer they want to go up north where it's usually cool oh sorry see that's one good thing to feel about it good about it if you can't go on vacation this summer time if you're a little bit short i'm cash if you're starving to the feel good about it because right now what do you've got to cool off no place so let's feel good about that we're rich you know but here no matter where you are are you did Sam because all let's wrap next practice in now i'm my only uncle and the worries me my head has turned to me with her back to her double wife what a deal ain't got no wheel and inside the legs up and die she gets my cheek and winged her eyes we're all alone in the house but i got it when she gave me a kiss she went to back home all was red next her loving it's actually a good one let's defend the me because all was red next practice in hell so come meet my new wife see my knee i just got me a farmed with horse and chickens cows and days four by four that i adore with tires and a two damn big the rear window it has a gun rap it's where I keep my gun it's where I'm alive and the wife is so back my neck is red from through the sun all was red next her loving plan oh because that just ain't as good unless it's family what's worth because all was red next practice in my sister is the one over there the dirty knee every human is hard to chew got the nice thing too oh back and i don't like the way my daddy is watching me over four five fifty w two m so anyway the self-aggrandizing my good post personal friend L Goldstein sends a seventy five copies of the same fact that say attention L Goldstein on late night with Conan O'Brien August 4th Wednesday on NBC without post on air saying you look at the glory home okay there you go well as i'll continue to shameless crusade to promote wwww dot screw mag dot com which yesterday we got the full color version of the jfk the fish food and that was that magazine different in any way was it was it a new one was that the new screw we got the other day that had the color and uh different screw yes some of the original color rises let's hear a nice going out some of grandizing fats lobbies of a guy is okay in our book little too fat here's a mobile in my any hello yes sir first one i want to thank you for everything you've done because uh i drive all day and with that you i'd probably be killing people like everyone else yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well yeah well because uh thank you uh second one the other day i was uh i was in the keys and i met the Swiss girl yeah you know you know i say uh you don't think the language you shouldn't actually try well uh were they talking and all of sudden she started talking about Jews and she's like about Jews it's about Jews and she was like uh i don't know why do you think that we have their money and all of it i couldn't believe what she was talking about then she said that she went to New York that uh she that the Jews didn't like her there and she didn't understand why because she was very tolerant of the Jews all of it wasn't that white of her that's great that's one step up uh a better one now we want the guy damn money back now here right anyways uh Blair witch let's shake down the Swiss i think down the Swiss oh yeah i'm sorry yeah but Blair witch uh i think you'll hate it did they good movie but i think you'll hate it well i think you're good movie why would i hate it because uh like i was saying a good cam yeah exactly i was sitting in the first row and i wanted i just wanted to leave okay i'll bring a bag all right well thanks again okay thank you god bless you sir there's a good nose we're gonna shake down the Swiss and get our money back from that gold filling oh that's stuff damn Swiss i'll really do make a hell of a chocolate bar then in a Belgians five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line you know that the Swiss are the highest consumers of chocolate in the world and that they average uh how much is it 11 kilos per person per year do you know how much that is that's like about 24 pounds of chocolate per year that's two pounds a month that's why they have to keep all the Jews money because that chocolate's expensive man and they don't eat crappy cheap chocolate they eat the expensive stuff so anyway MTV is finally caught on let's hear a Lincoln teenagers hot young teenage morning noon and night on MTV here in what did i tell you i told you this year ago that's the reason that stupid show is still on here that uh what hell is it on the whiny tens damn and i had a thing stuck in my throat i would have we had to do what five six seven i don't want to tell you what i was stuck in my throat well i'm just watching this thing on MTV there's something for everybody on there here's a mobile in four waterdale hello you got good morning get up new windows to you you know what the reason why all these baseball players are doing so much poke is because the game is so goddamn boring yeah stay away that's true and honor here i'm sorry and honor though strawberry coming back can you play snort needballs sure can thanks a lot you'll guy and have a great day ladies and gentlemen please welcome the two newest new york yanky oh right i don't know strawberry i'm not talking good in and the personal coach Steve how how that's what i have like i know that goodins in the wind up the straw man snort blind up he's true in like a dog who heard a bell he's high as a lab rat for smoking the crack at a bat he does in like cocaine just likes the way it smells snort a hole rolling up a plant he's a ball and he's getting good in planning they lick the 20 dollar bill their teeth are grinding like a peppa mill doing a balls out the hole in fills he's in the ball pen his nostrils are white open he's so fucked up beating he's on the braids he gets advice from doc and doc prescribed some rock the first people were aligned into any bloopers and snort nade ball to a abuse the magic powder snort nade balls ain't go in on that clam chowder prescription got the pet you will refill they do it in the pool if they are gills doing a ball oh alcohol and pills all have money eight balls alcohol and pills i like a welcome you all aboard issue manager problem i'm at five sixty wc you don't forget our poll question that a keenest must macho ricky martin or Jordan night this is five sixty you a yeah they pick and then a do you know you're not a sweaty person but when it gets really hot out there you do tend to get a little grippy especially in your ass but don't worry it's not just you it happens to everyone so in order to restore you to that natural dry crack you grow the custom to men and has designed an all new product called speed crack the only deodorant designed especially for your ass before speed crack my ass used to get so sweaty that i was afraid people might think i had cracked my pants and sitting down oh forget about it that definitely felt like i had cracked my pants sure the quicksby action of sweaty ass eighty me in my speed walking but overall it was more of a problem better benefit so every morning after you shower don't forget to brush your teeth calm your hair put on regular deodorant and then drop dry when you use a couple swatches speed crack now available in stick and gel and look for the air salt in coming soon speed crack the odor for your ass well that's not blood on the fish moon is it oh boy 12 15 at five sixty wc way m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line i'll tell you one thing now that keep putting issues on earlier and earlier on mtv with all this flesh most of you guys are gonna be like worn out before dinner time that's right you're gonna be spent so to speak scored square before you're acting on break here's a call in bell harbour hello hello yeah sir hey how you doing great oh yeah listen i'm gonna be this weekend i'm staying at the balazio i just want to have you are a bit more yes i have it's a true nice it's amazing yeah it's my first time i'm going to beg oh you'll be you'll be right in the middle of it all the casinos good the casinos there are the grill like myor landscape he said the greatest casinos in the world really and how's the sports book over there the good sensational yeah i'm going there and leave they take twenty thirty grand you'll have a halibut time no i'm not going to take that week two three hundred bucks i think i'm even Thursday come back Sunday yeah that's that's long enough yeah that's good like i said take forty fifty grand you'll have a fantastic forty fifty grand now seriously no even if you lose your ass you'll have a great time yeah um what other things uh what other sites do you recommend where you're going to write a car um i don't know probably you should really drive out drive out into the mountains and see the whole city and you know what it's all about other than just a strip yeah i'm really good forward to it i really uh want to go i finally found some time to get back coming back Monday Sunday night okay Monday i want to spy report i'll give you one can i go yes sir can i go somebody a dish bag yeah ruby for a sentence is a fat stupid asshole okay have a great time but okay what do you say he's an asshole what he said can we see that five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line i go back to the rubber standback column that we haven't any calls about and probably won't because it's so silly and so idiotic just on the push of it he ran and his cross country drive he ran across countless people who loved where they live and virtually none of them who dream to coming to Miami how do you like that rubber and i what do you think yeah people actually enjoy where they were living and didn't have any desire to come here so they can get shot or both or both good drugs though especially on South Beach what are you what are you looking at now cheese is so far in most of the dormers are you that i turned you on this damn uh show lower best her on the lower left she was there are almost gonna fly out yeah i'm not paying any attention to her okay i hate to break the news to you but five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line i'll pay attention to him for a couple of seconds how about let's get some of the clothes off that's what i say i'll get a few clothes off these guys of course is one thing we all want to know how young is too young right that's our poll question day by the way how young is too young here's a mobile in Miami hello oh that Britney Spears yeah like i said too young exactly but you know how do i can she's getting older by the minute oh man yeah when she's 18 that's the her career's washed up and we gotta get the next 14 year old online listen that guy going out the Vegas yeah bring some like ocean or no spray men it's so dry out there you know compared down here my nose bleeds every time i go out the most important thing you got to do is take chapstick because your lips get real dry all the penny after going to be playing on doing but seriously your lips get real dry and you gotta take chapstick that too that's my health advice you know broly you meant that's seen the new mention of course as you do every day to godfather yeah oh by the way before much that you know yours is the only show that i do not tune out during the commercials because no one at top yeah thank you so the copy is so hilarious yeah that's like a show itself that's right anyways the sponsor spell the same way yeah oh anyway uh did you know that you know there's these tepsy commercials going around to be right the little mouth girl right you know they pulled the one where she goes into the Italian restaurant they only ran that twice they got such crap from the uh Italian American to keep it up for crying out loud what's wrong with them if they lost their sense of humor it to me that was the best commercial she comes in she's doing the old godfather right i love hey overstepped you know that was my favorite one that was the best one they pulled that after like two or three days it's got so much of the anti uh defamation league you know it's like that well you know i remember when the godfather the first one came out in 72 or three whatever was in uh i remember on the today show and hosting it then was the illiterate geododgeola who of course happened to be from kiny hill in St. Louis in oparagio yeah yeah yeah yeah and they had these uh pre-stone and a guy from the Italian defamation league and the church was psychotic about it and they and at a meantime it's still made millions and everybody in the world of singing like the priest had just wrote the book but yeah right i got to get a hold of that by the way but the greatest thing is when you're sitting in Italy and a trotteria and they always have some Italian music playing in the back you know like music and then the godfather music comes on and this is there you don't know whether the screen or lamp or are both great well they used to be a place of our west pixie where the guy would come around with the accordion and that was like the most popular song on the end of the request list of course of course for you love you know okay beautiful lovely hey uh good day okay and keep working on it okay well what a voice he's no way no one doesn't thank god five six seven oh five sixty ponds have you ever noticed by the way any similarities between a lot of the entertainers oh i mean Joan Rivers you were in the Italian Tony Bennett he was Italian right Frank Sinatra the Dean Martin a lot of Italian entertainers out there in Vegas al martino uh we knew well oh no we don't want to get in that way Newton thing look at the way he beat the NBC for like six million okay we're not gonna get it at the sucked at that deal because he sure is talented he's reconcined kind of he sure he sure can speak and he's a that uh through his team god and you know the the saddest part of it is that there there are people talk about getting sucked in sucked in the hype well tell you that he's an entertainer but he puts on a great show there are people who will actually tell you that if you come in your studies together I just uh I want to lose it it is funny pathetic five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I love guys to talk through their teeth you know like Wayne Newton he said always makes you sound so sincere you know don't you always feel like you want to get up the boy talk through your teeth sand like this yeah he's like sand like this that's good or like sand uh the promotion man see I want to tell you if I knew Jordan Knight I would do not it well I didn't know no godfather I didn't know Jordan Knight I wouldn't be like sand running around of course with sand his whole life is based on being an appendage to famous people and the worst news is that Jordan Knight's got a new single that it's already numbered on TRL I'll tell you all you parents out there you're better check your daughters your teenage daughters to see if they've got a brain larger than their thumbnail man you better explain know what it's all about for them before they get too carried away here's this game park hello better show them a picture of a food flying so you take a look at this yes sir oh yeah great the uh do you want to fight give you just a little kind of a boring little story here don't write ahead I've got plenty of time to kill we got an hour and hurry and it's not going on I'll be off of you shows actually move along really good yeah it's compared to yesterday it was a typical Monday piece of crap but today we're moving at baby because we're having a father intensive anyway so I was here in this game park for of since I was like 10 you know I I like the area and I really like you know why I mean I've seen what it's turned into right it's turned into a puss pile and I would used to like it a lot better before I came up with a picture but I still do I still like it because you know I find the time to go out and do the voting thing and you know and stuff that I like I know you're not interested in that but yeah anyway I think I didn't go out there and get you know starting to get my lowering I'm going to most of you I like it's a good idea for doing it anyway so I go and I try to you know I'm looking for a place to buy in the mine ear because I have to live here to do to my job yeah I buy I'm buying a piece of property around the Venetian causeway which is you know it's right over the wire it's pretty nice it's very nice place I got it at a real reasonable price and by the way you know where the fork and the napkin speaking of the vision causeway let me give you a hint the fork and the napkin were invented in Venetia Venetia Venetia Venetia but anyway go ahead and there's all actually some bridges there and everything's kind of styled and the old you know Venice tradition they're the bridges have they even they've rebuilt most of the bridges they're the one bridge and a lot of really smelling water around you can do it without the Venetian water or the Venice water but anyway this the story gets back to this see even he's falling asleep go ahead I'm making my own self sick yeah I love this guy these inspectors are going to come by and approve the house for the mortgage company right now there that these are now you know I don't I don't know real big money earning guy you know but I do pretty well you know I'm an electrical worker and so anyway I have this first inspector comes by he's going to try and approve the building for the mortgage broker that I'm going to deal with it's a very large mortgage company he comes by and he says well I can't I can't improve the place cause cause what floors in the car puts it down okay I'll rip up the car because you guys can send another inspector out but he writes a few other things down you write a few things like this and that and the other thing the next guy comes in this is a civil day's later because they write a whole different scenario once I've ripped the floor up the third guy writes a completely difference scenario and here's the I don't want to door here the final of the the outcome of the whole thing is the mortgage company says well we've approved the place yeah I said well what what what about these you know these out you know it's it's what is wrong to come to please stop that deal what it's wrong down to is that the quality of work with ship in this town is it's right set up very slow right and I I I thought it was just I thought it was pathetic and company itself the company itself which is a large mortgage for right they just taking back to the whole room very sorry about that we didn't have that information in that part of anyway Neil your show's willing it's moving today it's moving hey well thanks for having a lot of fun thanks for us stop in the runaway train have a great day pal okay good luck you're good luck the on a Venetian cause why let me set it was going to be boring you lived up to his promise I like you guys respect the guy at least the packages and honestly instead of pretending he's got some great material nice going sir five six seven oh five sixty I thought you were getting up to for lunch there or something it's coming up the elevator and how about lunch by the way how about that psychic dichotic network let's hear what a scan that is I respect somebody can make a lot of money with a scan like that nice going full that's full Griffin we don't ever see those people by the way where are they are they on a second floor now are they appear somewhere are they they're over there well that's where all the live music coming from now is power ninety six all that thumping on the goddamn wall Jesus Christ they're starting again man they're just I well it's the other doing their mixing in there yeah mixed this funny six past noon at five sixty w qm by the way here's a classic example of John penis in the great job he's doing for his clients on his show I'm tempted I just don't know what to do anymore with this guy just I I don't know what he brings in David Horisho from poppin o park this morning the last person on the face of the earth that I want to see ever not just this morning but ever ever if I look to be six hundred whatever want to see him again no how do you that oh right he's been doing the keyhole watching mom and dad he's been through the keyhole the most I've ever had mom and dad were playing sex right there on the bed mommy whose car phobies have the fellow board daddy 10 mommy 10 was poppin jial most got whipped lash I don't know what she went drink a bunch of got a note must dash he's been through the keyhole and sure what I see why I sure do next week because I would have gotten one onr g got with proceedings heavy chase him working poll clap And I started to get sick. If daddy's name is Helbert, one bomb asked for ditch. Daddy's grown in his eyes, but mommy's not dead anymore. She's gone back on top of him, but oh, he gave us norm. Beep and throw the key home. Has a minute passed. I can't wait to drive his gut. I'm throwing my glass. Let go. Wow, do we have a feast here or one? We have some kind of a feast today from our friends over there at the Meadays, which is at the North Puri Airport 75l on Pembroke Road in Pembroke Pines. We brought us that great stuff the last time. And this time we're reading what bananas. Thanks guys. We got a jalapeno pepper, peppers and peppers and peppers and peppers. And I got my Philly steak sandwich without the bread. And we got the shrimp. And on Yen Rings, it's just about 50,000 pounds of stuff. There you go. Excellent. I don't want to sound like we're insensitive to the starving people out there, but somebody's got to eat all this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That's what they always told me. Don't let it go to waste. People are starving. Don't waste good food. Okay. We're going to do our best to live up to that today. Look at all that. Jesus Christ. Here's a Pompito Beach. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes sir. How are you doing everybody? Great. God, man. You're my God. Doing good now. We got lunch here, sweetheart. Get a drain here. I've got to ask for that go bro. Do I need? Yeah. How are you doing man? Okay man. God, that's you. You know that's you. Is this something Fox? I'm sitting there beat by beat. Yeah. Oh, good. Sounds like it. Something that is mouth. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, deal. How are you doing? Okay sir. Long time listen. Hi. Hey, deal. Yeah. It was funny yesterday. My girlfriend. I was in the meeting and my girlfriend. She doesn't so much like you. She knows I listen to you. You know, what? Is wrong with the women in this town. I can't remember. I'm over and over again. I'm so tired. He's got that woman who flooded channel 10 the other day by the way. Because you're so psyched. I kind of they couldn't find Oprah. Come over to the channel for the women in this country are a whole place. I'm going to listen to you for 20 minutes. That's it. Anyway, she tried to listen to your yesterday for like 20 minutes. Yeah. I guess what you had on you had on Ricky Martin. So she started laughing. You had on the living. I mean, I look. I'm right. You're called with dead yesterday. Right. So she'd think it's me. I work and I'm in a meeting by all means. So I get the phone. I'm like, what do you need? Babe. She's like, I'm listening to me. I need to have a Ricky. Right. That's all. Right. Yeah. So I just started cracking up. I'm like, yeah, he does that when the calls are, you know, was there dead. He played the Luis Miguel or Ricky Martin or Ricky. And she was like, I can't believe you listening to him. I can't believe you. I got a question. Who's my king of Smoth, my true Luis Miguel and Ricky and Ricky Martin. Oh, that's a toughie. Which is a goodie thing. I give it 10. Ricky. Yeah. I got a call for you ready. And telling, I want like a sweller. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. See you. What's your course is Spanish for, um, if I can get this on your France, but now. Come on. You can do it. You'll find it in there. Here you go. How young is two young? 60 pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line. WQA and hello. WQA and. Yes, sir. How you doing, bro? Okay. This sounds like the same guy just sat on. No, this same guy. It's not like that in corner guy. I had on two calls ago. That's exactly that puddwacker. It puddwacker. That's 44. How are you doing today? Okay. Uh, man. What was that guy talking about? Yeah. Yeah. I think he's talking about. Hmm. He said never the twain shall meet. What's that? Anyway, have a nice day. 560, 560, 560. In fact, I think Ricky Martin's going to make it come back pretty soon. Nice lunch here. I'd hate to have a beautiful lunch like this from Maydays in a rupted by stupid bunch of calls like these. I should have realized after two and a half hours of pretty, um, marginal, not too bad stuff today that we would, you know, as soon as the full god here, we would, um, retro griss. What is it where I'm looking for? We'd stink to join out like we did yesterday. We would regress. There you go. Regress. Ingress. Outgress. Regress. Or as Ricky would say, what a nice dress. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That's five colors. I think they will be thrown today. Anyway, Neil, quick question. Got five or three. Who is Lucasey? Was he the head of the mafia in Italy? Well, he was one of the, uh, the head of one of the families. Yeah, he's one of the big shots. Oh, is that a, is he a, was he a, like, an intermediary between the church and the mob or something? Well, hey, I mean, what do you mean intermediary? They're all in together. Oh, the bishop. Don't you remember the bishop? He's not, he's the good right now. Oh, all right. We have an understanding. There you go. Okay. That was it. No, you got, you got it. Have a great day. And don't ever give it order like that again. Yes, Neil. Can I call him or if the surfer to do you back? No. Okay. Two. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. A great lunch from May fairs today. Let me, let's just, what? What I say, made days. I said, may fair. And the growth from May days. Listen, just bug out need to food. Okay, and stop being a pain in the ass. Now all of a sudden he's paying attention. Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Let's get you here. I got a quick story here. We'll click for you. Talking about how young's too young? Yeah. I was seeing this girl for a while about three months. How young is too young? Exactly. I was seeing this girl for three months, right? And I was seeing twenty one years old. I'm twenty two, right? Right. And I met her at a club. So I figured she was at least twenty one, right? Or just girl. You know, I mean, she looks like she's twenty one. Exactly. We were going out for about three months. And one day I'm going through a purse, right? Yeah. She's twenty three. And I came across her driver's license. I looked at it and I figured out her age. She was only fifteen years old, right? Uh-huh. So I can further her about it. She's like, oh, I was going to tell you one day, you know, this night. And I'm like, well, I mean, I've stacked your toy rings. Right? Right? Is it? Yes, it is. Fifteen? Yeah. I told you not to call you back when you were eighteen. Yeah. What's up with that thing? Either way, maybe she can go to work for the police and date county. And by the way, I'm so glad this guy mentioned that. So that's, well, he didn't really do it directly. But he inspired me to bring that back to mind about the sixteen year old hooker down there. Have you noticed all the talk about the penny sales tax and all the obfuscation and all the other bullcraft that nobody wanted? Has anybody noticed what I predicted? Many, many weeks ago, it's got to be two or three months now easy. That that story has just vanished. It's a beer. Long gone. With those cops that were running the prostitution ring down there in Kindle and elsewhere, I think in Hailea with underage hookers. And allegedly there were cops from every police force and date county involved in it. The cop cars were showing up morning noon and night. And the meantime, what do we got? We got out of sunshine waving his ham hocks there on channel four, screaming about air conditioning companies that he won't name on a year. Nice exposat yesterday on channel four by the way, not you coward you spymeless big fat turd. What a piece of crap that was. Yeah, well, they originally weren't Boko another in a summer. But did they mention it on the year? No, so what kind of service you're providing for the public? In the meantime, where's the exposat? Oh, I got a Hallopanio pinger caught my pepper in my throat. So like that. No seriously, where does the follow up on that story? Just vanish. Just disappeared. Just like I predicted as they swept out of the carpet. All the great investors journalists we got in this town. The investigators. Yeah. Like I see them. And all these other brilliant reporters we got in this town. Just kind of slipped through their fingers to follow up on that story. I mean, after all, she wasn't least 16 anyway. 21 before I won in five, 60 WQA. I'm, I guess, what next got? I don't know. Hey, listen, this one like a gag. Like that. Yeah, well. Here's the most delighted, not sticking down your throat. And the cigar, too. Come on. What's up with you, Gumpa, Miss Corjo? Here's the special day here at the world's famous screening. A sweet arrest of the girls in the closet. No more, that's what day day is for. It's a day day after all. All right. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're out. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. We're in the night. Yeah, I don't want to say that your castles getting a little bit out of control, but he's already sucking around for free dolphin tickets I don't want to say he's getting out of control, at least the end way that I'm not just Yankee uniform today Thank God for that. Good to hear you in that guest today when you were wearing that thing We went in the break we had 48 calls on a board and now there are two we had 175 people lined up on here Just dying to talk to me, but we go into the break and I lay all just run away Thank you so much for really hanging on there and sticking with me But guess what I got Ricky Martin in my hand right now 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's my me beat fellow Yes, sir all those posk knocks that give you a hard time tell them to go shini up a tree Yo, that's it. Okay. Thanks for your great material like I said we had the one call up in the board because that wasn't count Here's a mobile the West Palm Beach, hello Mobile in West Palm Sounds like they'll go in what is this yes? 2400 miles on this route and I'm packing my clapping get that a time finally right and I can't believe I'm telling you this You had made me smile for so many years and I'm even gonna let you say a load of my wife We had been having a best time We're going to an English speak in place. I'm not even gonna tell anybody where I'm going good good job I just we wish you the best that helped I'm packing up and I'm leaving my Savannah and We just want to keep everything okay God bless you one of the few people out of heaven. They're small okay Thank you boys good luck now. All right. I'm even energy. I'll leave it there. I still away go Well, and shut up. Okay, get out here 560 560 560 On the mobile one line. What is this a great lunch today, huh? Sensational lunch from Maydays fair If the North Pyrrard point hey listen I'll get it right one of these times that if I keep messing it up That gives me excuse to keep mentioning it over and over again There's a method in my madness anybody believe it. No. No. Here's a mobile and pop in a hello Yeah, yes, sir. I was wondering you sped a smile Here's West Palm Beach hello Good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. Congratulations on your know for your sales tax down there Yeah, just a quick little story. I live up in Porto and Lucy San Lucie County. Yeah, and You know, tell me about it the politics it's so funny. They just want to ponds grease up there That we have a problem with the Something of the water is into the intercoastle and You're killing all the patient all that you're a lot of problem. Poor St. Lucy are dumping into the water That's what I hear That's it and the Pessas said too. Oh, so the She said well we don't have enough money to to find anything clean up the river We don't you know we don't care well at the fish dive, but we do have enough money to pay A turnies to fight because we want another bridge over to the island We're maybe I don't know. Yeah, but let me ask you why are you telling us this? I mean what I'll do respect to you because I am desperate But why are you telling us this? Just basically a little information. There's a lot of people up here to listen to you and hopefully you know They get the message what the politicians are on the wall do the same thing They just want to ponds grease they get this bridge built More money for them we can now we can raise the taxes if they reach And it's exactly like it was down there. You know, they want to put a half cent cent whatever But the money goes right to them It's not me to them. Well, let me just tell you one thing. Glory to sucks. Yeah, okay Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, thank you. Okay. Thank you Woo Always a good time in the new hour for nice little C. S. So anybody want my dolphin tickets for this season? I don't want a wide-up screw in Joe Castella a lot of all you know But he's not getting all eight games and the free parking pass and of course Josh and getting any because he doesn't need any free He's already got his passes. You don't need tickets to go to a game I got I got news for anybody that works in sports on this radio station That isn't getting into the dolphin games especially for free Really need to refresh your course on sucking around. I'll tell you that right now In addition to which if I was working on a high paid hump or Goldberg show there and he afternoon if I was in any way associated with that And he didn't give me three tickets to the dolphin game. I would start getting really hostile about that kind of crap is that Now for Joe he's in there working with Igor all day So what the hell is he gonna get besides my green? Huh, he's so I'd maybe catch an leprosy or something like that Hi, let me go. You got a feel for the guy. You know what you have left for see most people don't want to get too close to you. That could be the problem 560 50560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Oh, I noticed he hit he's not how come he didn't come in for free food today by the way Igor We didn't have extra We didn't all this was ordered no extra today Igor sorry Do I'm saying yeah, okay, maybe next time Here's a lady mobile in the gables hello Hello, yes, man hi, I think all the light you know that I've listened to for years and obviously that His girlfriend has no clue is to what is really good right All right, that's what have a great day now. Thanks. See you Yeah, she's just another dumb bitch that guy's girlfriend who has got a sense of humor like most of the women in this town That's why we have a 1.6 year in women. We got 55 billion men less than out there no women none About 10 that's why when I came out today and I said is drew a jewel on a guiding light and a great one What I'm talking about Alan Spolling is hard keeps stop beating 50 million times in Alaska two days already it's not beating and they say he keeps coming back to life And they bring on the new Harley back just in time to spring forth with that little boy Which I'm the only and amazingly up they had it for the first time and soap opera history They had a person replacing her while she was pregnant real off by the way the person made that look just like her For the first time in soap opera history Any women call it about that no no There are too busy waiting to find out what's channel Oprah's gonna be on that's a cult. It should be banned that whole Oprah cult of a bunch of simple than idiotic women If Oprah told me to go to the top of a 50 story building and jump they'd all be doing a hand in hand Maybe cry in the god they're not gonna be jamming it idiots Here's cruel springs. Hello How you doing pretty good sir? Shut up just to the back from San Antonio Texas last night and on the way driving through I figured let me stop and belongs to Mississippi and see what all this was it was actually great meal Oh, this I mean I've been to the books. He just before all this gambling stuff started now You've got a town when right on the water there's a new casino there called the boar vise And When in it was great I stayed in hotel across the way and there's people out at night and it's safe and there's Cicinos all up and down and they're my top great time and this was a hellhole. I mean it was a toilet yeah, and I just think you should start ran and raven's more sweet You're not on the down here ain't in Ray Vanie more you think I'm gonna waste my energy on it It's not gonna happen here sir. There's no point. What do we have to do wait for all these like old people to die Know it's not the old people it's the young people like Governor Boards and Bobby butterworth and the Harold and the Suncental It's all the middle age goody to choose Bible something hickr critical self Dictating assholes these are the ones who are keeping this place in the dark age Well don't you think if somebody's young people got out and actually folded maybe that would help Well when is that election gonna take place? Oh, I don't know I have no idea I'm not even on the ballot. It's not exactly that's my point. It's not gonna happen Just be late. It's criminal In their and their guys like Robert Steinbeck at the Harold this morning crying and all this turning into a toilet and What are you where the money goes gonna come from we're talking billions of dollars that we're saying no to because There are a bunch of special interest people that want to keep a death grip on his town of keepers in the dark age That's why we have no casinos in this state. Well perfect example is boxing Mississippi. Yeah, but well, you know Let's let's let's open one in Anywhere even a bunch of rednexian boloxia got enough brains to realize that it brings in tons of money and That the people that run the joint are gonna put up with any crap Oh Chris. Oh you have thanks, but good luck. Sir. I'll see you in the Vegas. Not in the box enough for me 567. Oh 560 pound 560 effect that David Horrell from Palpato Park, you ask me you want to go to Voloxy for free our company owns the casino there. I said are you gonna be there? He said maybe I said no No thanks I said is there any chance that you might be there. It's about maybe I said no. I will not go there No, seriously how could John penis ring that man in this building? Can you see the things that are growing on the walls in this studio since he left here this morning about quarter to ten? No, sir. He makes Chris bathhouse look a sanitary by comparison. He makes him look appetizing I'm serious. Oh you didn't see this guy who didn't see David Horrell Igor on a bad day Igor with a bad bad case of Discourse that's David Horrell I mean our sales department are oh by the way you want any more numbers from Todd Drex home phone number Here's the list by the way guys There it is all the sales people their home numbers. They're a work number their cell phone or paeger Their shoe size they're a dress Who they're sleeping with? Like that Why didn't mention I want to give you a kiss your hint too So anyway, what's the second number in Todd Drex home phone number huh? We're gonna give that tomorrow in fact every day on a show sometime during the show We're gonna give another number in Todd good Number and his cell phone and his page here and his goddamn homogress and all his relatives Because he is the anti crisis the chupa cabra Talk about truth and packaging if there's anything such as walking Drex that's the guy Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Hi great show How have a couple points do you you've mentioned yesterday something about spring of Florida or is that for the tanker Fungus they got a new fungus among us here that they want to turn loose to kill a marijuana plant and Unfortunately, but they're not admitting is that it's a fungus that doesn't go away and it also kills like a certain like tomato plants another kind of a of Protost yeah, I was gonna say it You know I live here and The stuff that is that it's gonna harm humans or we gonna find this that like being not a 20 years later Yeah, it's a poison talk to police. Yeah, I agent pink, huh? Right also the There is an article in the paper I happen to just plant that and as I was running out of house it's something like the traffic's a vector now is promoting an idea to abolish all tolls except for or charge commuters single commuters the tap and People that use public transportation rights for free that you see anything like that no You may want to check the hair roll. You might want to super round with that a little bit and one other thing All the people on the account and you did a great job and you see what happens when you get off your butts and you go both You got a vote on everything to get things to go your way. Okay You're having great day. Okay, now stick our heads back in a sandwich. Oh, it's over the best 560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon We have no help in the peppers it can speak a little bit small ration for some reason I ordered a whole order. Yeah, Mark in I'm glad you're lying. I had it on maybe real sick They're very good. Why but you get huh? Maybe they're trying to save your life Well, who knows asking for that? I want some more a jalapeno peppers man. They're great Anyway ancient pollen may you link shroud to Jesus? Oh Who scientists in St. Louis say that bits of ancient pollen found in the shroud of terrain offer evidence that the mysterious cloth of the outlines of a human body is indeed the burrow cloth of Jesus Christ How do you like that huh? They found the pollen visit there's what it was? Maybe he died from allergies. Oh my god the finding being presented today at the 16th international botanical congress in St. Louis Clashes with carbon 14 dating a decade ago that indicated the shroud dated back over to the 14th century Europe The finding is likely to generate enormous interest among Getskis who passionately believe in the cloth as a Christian relic But there's new evidence is unlikely to convince skeptics who have long challenged the shroud history So there you go more bubble noises for the week-minded Here's Miami Beach hello Miami Beach Hello Neil like this where to say you are now. Okay great. Thank you 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's Miami hello Miami Hello, yes, sir. Oh, are you Neil? Okay trying to keep this crowd awake now I hear you from the fourteenth century. Yeah, exactly Jesus. I wanted to speak about what you expect Sure, I wanted to speak about two things. Search is the Blair Beach project which is a goddamn hope. Yeah, how come we're not getting a bunch of calls on that today all kinds of Everybody was freaked out about it. Yeah, but they should start wearing some movie such as American history X learned something about film in general and then about people in general not some hoax out Blair Beach projects Second is the paternity issue you had mentioned that today. I know you don't like bringing up Passions, but I'm an ex-president of my fraternity and new church. Okay great 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line goes to show you when you go to a fraternity Become a potty mouth and you can't get toward your language and you get bleeped off the air and then we move on to next call That's what happens when you go to one of those stupid damned dumbass fraternities. Okay You become so far more can juvenile and you start saying all these things 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in Pompano Beach Only back call me on a real phone line. We got the hollow sound back again. Let's hear it for something bell Even it's I believe radio check equipment. We got a new phone system from hell 560560 see things were going along much too well for two and a half hours I should have known it sooner or later probably sooner and we would start thinking up to join 560560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T line so when lunch coming Here's a lady mobile and cross brings hello Hi, Neil. Yes, man It's one glitch. You know there are two ladies down here listening. No, not too many just a very very few and most of them won't admit it At least I can then you want having to go to the minute now We're also on the thing and also watch the guy right all right and I've been away all week and it wasn't with Revalently I've been down for a week. Oh, that that revostory line. They got they got a stop with us already Okay, it's so ridiculous And then he's fencing the apprentice he's fencing where the Duke or whatever it all is they're fencing and a long comes his brother And he changes the tip on the end of the sword and they come back for a coffee break and they're fencing He spears Reba in the side and she's going oh Now he's framing his sister with it is so ridiculous that part of it in the meantime Alan of course Alan Spolling had a heart attack and they do the whole thing and he makes a big comeback They go for a angel plant a year whatever the hell they call angel gram He's okay. He's gonna be great. He's lying there. Oh, all of a sudden here again He goes into cardiac arrest The real Harley comes back. She springs loose with a baby. She's delivering the baby Just while Rick has got the things on Alan's chest and is trying to bring him back to life again All of a sudden oh, it here comes to baby Here comes the heartbeat again and fill up brings in a little baby here on dad Here's the baby and Alan opens the presides with the end of the show like that That's so cute isn't that corny huh? Yeah, and in the meantime, at least we made a little improvement there on Matt anyway Who looks more than like 10 years old? Oh, you're in the mat. Yeah. Oh, I didn't see him. Oh, yeah I gave him about an eight on a scale of a hint to Ben He's certainly gonna print over that five-year-old kid they had on there before well Vanessa looked like his mother before No, no, not that mat. This is the isn't this kid's name man? It maybe I got the wrong name. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, what is his name? No, he got that mat What is his name? You need a Drew's brother Drew's make the lead brother, right? Yeah He would choose a Jew or make the lead brother. Yeah, and then she gets into a big son of dance with With Jesse because I her religion is more important than the rabbis concerned that he's a guy and I a Diaglia and all of that business. She's she was about to look about as Jewish as Heinrich Kimler Before that she would done anything in the world to have Jesse now she has Jesse and now she will marry because she's Jewish Right really exactly I don't know why we keep watching it. We're hooked. We can't turn it off. I know Like channel four games I hated but I can't turn it off. I know Well, I want to let you know that we're here Neil. We always listen. Thanks, we are. Okay, love you. Say how to bird power Yes, okay 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line let's see 19 59 40 years 40 years I've been watching the guiding light. Let's hear it Pretty sad commentaries in it. Huh back in the days when a soap opera used to be 15 minutes All you punks out there today you can't even imagine a TV show being on 15 minutes. Oh can't even begin to imagine that 15 minutes We had the search for tomorrow at 12 30 which what the hell was her name Joanne Tate that was your name And the actress that Mary Stewart who played Joanne Tate now she's not made on a guiding light anybody buy in that oh What I'm memory man for unimportant stuff if I could remember the important things I'd be a multi-millionaire But crap no seriously. I have the greatest memory for meaningless crap of anybody in the world I can turn to the names of horses that won 30 years ago at Hazel Park at Jackson Hardest Raceway Here comes the happy trip with Ray Krunk's Union Ravi on the outside pulls away and went by 10. That's going right The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station me Everyone I think my ladder up I am not thinkingilia jakcho And I tried to pay the street They can't win the bottle What the trucker told me When you stuck inside the spot Your reprimand and not You've got to make a urination Grab the bottle and smile I got to be reenappatabunday I get you to follow the trucker I got to be reenappatabunday I like the weewee I like the weewee Scored squirt Yeah, you know it right up until this moment It's a topic I never really thought of before my life Right up till now, you know what it is If a guy's got to take a leak in a car He's driving along on the road Hopefully not on the road There's a lot of traffic But he needs desperately got to take a leak He's got an empty bottle No problem right? He can just whip it out and do a little Scored squirt Right in your bottle In the plastic cup whatever it is In any kind of container But now for women's got to take a leak in a bottle Huh? God! What a mess! Too bad! Here's a lady in Pobero Beach Hello! Hello! Hello! Yes, we'll get a funnel for you I'm sorry, yes For me? Well for anybody This is my first time calling you, I just tell you I'm from Upstate New York And I've been down here for six years You're from Upstate New York? Yeah And where might that be? Uh, I used to familiar with the Aderon Deck Mountain Oh that's not Upstate New York That's like way upstate yeah That's way upstate I went once went to Campland I was 16 years old in the end Fourth Lake in the Aderon Deck Mountain Oh I'm from Lake George All right Hey, you go Anyway, it's my first time listening to My boyfriend turned me on to this morning Right And I've listening to you ever since And I just am amazed by you You grow Howard's turn out of the water Exactly You really did And I don't need 75 Lzbians in here to help me do a show Of course he's making 75 men in the year But that's okay And also new you will be too I'll squeeze by I just feel over the FM, you know That's all he did too You know But I was wanting to know When you were talking about the gambling Kissinos and everything Yeah, yeah When you were talking early You're to that gentleman Right It could be maybe because we have to support the Cuban What is that happening with? Well, we're all going to Supporting the Cuban There you go There you go Right You know, where are you from here? And the Colombians, I beg your pardon Are you from here? I'm from Havana Havana Well, I'm sorry It's okay I don't know if that's the old fence Okay Have a great day sweetheart You too, honey Don't do that again Hey 5675 sheet I don't like you Cuban George, that's okay She's from the Aderon Deck Mountain I'm from Upstate New York The real Upstate New York from Rochester Which is what real Upstate Say people when they say Upstate People live in New York City They think Upstate is any place north of Yankers, that's Upstate Guess what? Wrong Upstate New York is like Anything west of Albany Albany's connected to the Detroit Anything west of there That's really Upstate New York Where it bends to the west there Rochester, Canada, Degua, Geneva, Buffalo But Tavia, Depue, Syracuse, Fredonia Hamburg It's connected now I left that up Binghamton, that we're talking Ethica Oh Right That's Upstate New York So what am I getting paid for? Paid for one I did Lady says that Are you going to start paying a guy Damn, uptight professional Cuban again? What are they talking about? All the travel things you said about your Cuban mother Has nothing to do with Binghamton Yes, it does And has a lot to do with that Sure as hell does We'll find something to something Something to something Not her Oh, I'm sorry Maybe she's not maybe she's a ringer Maybe she's Puerto Rican Oh She's white George 560 560 560 Pomp 560 On the AT&T Wireless line George said that the Puerto Rican's aren't white Is what he said I heard him say it Real loud he said Puerto Rican's are Sparks is what he said Those were his exact words There might be some white ones Here's a lady in Pepper Pine Tell him Yes, okay Another lady listening to you And also A red guy Right But the reason I'm calling you A guy just came in the worship me And said that he heard you talking about Blair Witch And he couldn't get to a phone Right That is now my sore point Because I totally hated that movie Good And the more people that you and I can tell Not to deep-be Yes, they're money Don't waste your money Go right to decent movie Which this one isn't it Yeah, because I don't know If you know any of the like three heights that they had going Oh yeah But they have a complete website That gives you a whole different picture And there was also a special on the sci-fi channel Called the curse of the Blair Witch Right Which I got totally sucked into Because my mother saw something about it And people magazine And then it was supposed to be the scariest movie of all Oh yeah Oh no, really that's what it said I hear it's a piece of crap That's what I hear Yeah And I'll tell you If that was scary I hear you got to be some kind of a Mongolian idiot to situate Or to think it's scary Because it's not a least it's scary But if you want to check out something yourself or anybody else Yeah There's a website called Mr. Showbiz.com And it's all readers reviews about the Blair Witch And they are really I'd rather go see American pie I'd rather see a bunch of hot looking teenage guys And squeeze each other's genitals So what I read Do we have some work or time Yeah Right But all the reviews on there are so negative So you need to if you're interested And you want to know about it Everybody out there go read it Because they'll tell you how bad it would be It wasn't now You're just going to get sucked into the pie God bless you sweetheart Thanks for the warning Wait wait, go ahead I also heard that you were asking through Is Jewish Fine, no she's supposed to be But I mean have you ever seen anybody So go you should look at it in your life Well yeah And didn't just look a little funny with the yamma con Yeah, here's a Jewish chick What is it? And here's a Puerto Miquan guy that's got a yamma con Here's this little Midwestern town Springfield Which was somewhere in the Midwest And they got a Puerto Miquan mafia family That's got like only three members in it Well, just two or dead Right Unbelievable Only on guiding light One more request Okay Is early you could play prison bitch Okay For the Miami Dolphin And say hi to Papa Bauer And Jeff and Greg Okay Bye 560 560 Pond 560 On the AT&T Wireless Line And speaking of American pie How young is too young He's out of control He's you know what a what a disservice We get wound up for the week with managed last night 6 to 10 4 solid hours of this radio genius And out of that we got the Marlon crap back again Oh my god I guarantee you put managed on there from 6 to 10 every evening And those nighttime numbers will go skyrocketing up Is there any doubt? No No The greatest ex-Joc sportscaster in the history of the United States I want to be honest like too much You know what I'm saying Were you fudge back? No But this guy he's he's just a gem A diamond in the rough Here's Haley a hello Yes sir Oh there's a little call me back Now it's online 5 it's online 4 There's phone systems a piece of crab Greg Thanks so much to the beeswaves Forgive us the very best that money can't buy Even nighers Woolworth they wouldn't have carried crap like this You know what I'm saying? Yeah Here's Pembert Pine Hello Hello Neil Yes I'm not the father of my children Thank you You know I went up to the ground I think he had some old bags listening to her Dr. Laura And she was great for a laughter When she rips people like What are you doing? She knocked up a fire Yeah the show is for man hating women Yeah that's what that shows all about For women who are hating men like boys Well you're six of bulls What are you going to do now? Anyway I just want to be you It was a great experience for one thing Yeah You want to believe who had the streets blocked off there So I'm done He was making his appearance there They had the whole freaking young street shut down For this one one was this Like the end of June Oh Ah And these people were It's a bit tired Yeah It was that was the worst part You're talking about Ricky Martin She was there You was there It's a big poster Lifestyle Monument of him and Tom They should have moved him over Each one more block over The church street and study You've been a lot bigger over there I've got the big news Did you hear the little Panthers resign? Yeah we got this Stanley Cup We're at the project Sit into the project Chris Wells baby Can you please tell me why And they're right in there Mind it would be the rest sign of the sky You want me to give you an honest answer? Yeah he's got naked pictures of the Murray's doing it with a Billy goat And I went into more people who talk about Bryan Murray Yeah Don't put on the spokesman Okay well go Panthers go He's got three requests Yes Three requests Okay that's your pick up until two But they're sure request Yeah Goldie, Jim Manditch, and the Jeff Bush Cart Oh, oh, oh Okay, see What what what what does that mean? All in a row Oh wait oh you know something he said Goldie Bad, bad move pal Because there's nothing in here under Goldie Now if you look under Gelty You might find something like you might find Up the butt Yeah that 560 50560 Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line Guiding light is great The Blair Witch Project sucks We just took a pool of 7500 people I went to see it only 7 like it And they're all the amended fools They're all going Like that Because they got sucked in by the poop camp Here's Hylia, hello Is it working this time? Yes Oh God Talk about that That's okay Card 5 and Diamond Foal and we got here Leo you are God Yes I am You are the best Oh God Hey, about that p thing It made me think of something I read in playboy You know it's illegal to sell p Really? Because people are selling it So they could test Like for doing drug tests Aha, that's right There's a lot of things There's a company that's making many people have a yearning for it The company that they make packets And they'll sell it for like 60 bucks You know this obsession with law enforcement And politicians about marijuana in this country It's a mental illness If anybody who has upset about anybody smoking weed Or having it in their system These people need to be locked away somewhere I mean That's what I got to call Always pay their horrors show I got a podcast you know the spider port That guy is so dense But I want to make sure that I'm not the wrong one here He said that Ground rule double was when the bow bounced over the fence That's an automatic double Is it? No, it's a ground rule double No, well Joe Angel said And I don't maybe get on their baseball But he said a ground rule double Is the pertainence that that field Like if you got the IV if it's locked in the IV or something That's a lot of the level He's wrong A ground rule double There's several definitions It can be if a fan reaches over and touches a ball If it bounces up toward the stand That's a ground rule double It can be if it falls bounces up over the fence That's a ground rule double And it could also be what you're saying If it gets caught in the vines that they're Bring the field that's a ground rule double Oh, then all the other things Is an automatic double Nine of her heard of that in my life I don't know That's a joint of life He's full of cranks Or he's a flirting I love her a Britney Spears Put him in a lost column, yeah And if I ever met her in the world that Jim Mand is I'd like to say Well, yeah, but now I just want to let other things And now you're back to me to be that quick Oh, of course it's a how young is too young Get out of here Hey, no, yeah Where did you get that thing with a guy goes Oh, man 560 560 560 And you wonder why they're going to see the Blair Witch Project They had golf on TV last night And you wonder why they're going to see that piece of crap They're bored, man They're looking desperate They're searching They're reaching their squeeze and for it Why did they think we're sitting there watching a stupid cartoon on MTV Long after the naked flashes gone We're something good on there We're as much musically Maybe they got naked teenagers on there something Anywhere Huh, what are they searching? Oh, they got them all look at that Look what they got on there Oh, get here out of here We're softened powers when we need them Oh, a lunge so you're so big This is a chicken seat now And that's your day to your day You got a daily watcher on the day See you now Alright And she will run run run They'll go to the other day Don't lay Let's go to the toilet Where's she thought of a mom That can start with kissing lines And you're there now That's how she had get to the side And she's here There's the five people They're gonna be a stalker Now I'm there You can fuck that You're getting close to the floor Don't go down That's how you should Yeah, I will run run They'll go to the other day Don't lay They'll go to the floor Yeah, she will run run They'll go to the other day Okay, one thirty two and five sixty wqm I have a facts here that I find very, very suspect Come on, a barbag at her chronic factors Who says he was shocked at your hanks opposition To casinos coming to Florida The homper is against casinos gambling in Florida Hey, stop it! I find that very, very hard to believe He'll be if he's not already here He should be here any minute Tank Goldberg is against casino gambling in Florida How can that be? Maybe he's afraid he's a bookie for him To law god of business To law god of business, to law god of business I was that possible I think I'm gonna become like Atlantic City It would be like a living and breeding place We were all those hotels right on the beach It's a natural man I say let's do it before the place Completely turns into a toilet All the most of it's already well on its way If you think that's fun If you think that's fun, it way too near this Like they said in that work If you think that's funny Here's a letter from my good close personal friend Attorney Richard Friedman Nice going dick Oh again my sincerest thanks for helping You're helping defeating the 1% metro rail sales tax Because you like my rendition of the National Anthem The Panthers game on January 30th, 1997 I'm sending you a courtesy copy of my four love of country CD A 15 song American Patriotic Music album Which I produced in release on July 4th, 1996 You'll also know the 28th page book that I wrote Which is included there in continuing the lyrics mystery of each song The CD can be found in the Miami-Dade County Public Library So certainly not in the record stores because nobody would buy it Looking forward to hearing many more years of your irreverent comments You're a follically challenged friend Richard Friedman Oh say can you see I'm the counselor of the life What's so proudly we held At the twilight's last gleaming Whose broad stripes and bright stars Through the perilous fight For the rough heart we watched For so proudly streaming Okay don't put your day job dick that's all I can say Oh you're against casino gambling in Florida He's giving me a look like all of a sudden he went deaf Turn up the miracle ear Hank you're against casino gambling in Florida I totally didn't believe I did I believe that for one second No some O-Jom provocative some far-bison aggoicens We effects which already is little pieces of paper in a waste of actually where belongs Some asshole from total flooring whose a chronic factor that guy that idiot that jackass Just another guy trying to stir the pot How about trying to smoke it for a sturd pal And as far as dick Friedman is concerned Nice job man nice hairpiece too That's our pull question She's got the worst hairpiece Bob Eisenberg or Richard Friedman And there's our top-east warrior baby We're going to do a pull on it for hours tomorrow And by the way, who on Bob Eisenberg's home phone number It's a beast would four five seven eight nine I'm never going to let go of that list Okay, I'll take that right now I got the list and it's you know, I'm going to pay big evidence I think we're going to start getting some real copy in here There's a list Oh it's big enough for important people I was just thinking about this guy yesterday I was watching my stocks fall to the bottom of the world It's a great Ted David from CNBC who just came back to the airways from vacation But can't get enough of me You see what the NANDS is doing here and you're up your side They're all happy and they're still 52 I'm not even looking at it That's why I would try to maintain a positive attitude on the air Which is why I don't watch your network while I'm on the air I wait till I get home and I get all the press Hold on while I turn down my computer Yeah, the Dow is only down 12 and a half And then that's down 52 But you know something I basically am out of the NASDAQ So who cares? You know, not that I want to sound selfish I mean, somebody's stocks are making me nervous You're not going to watch the AOL on about 80 something 8080, you're right Great I say another week is a time to jump head over heels in the AOL You're giving that that's the new Rogers Byeric in the nation Right, which is a hell of a lot better You can just picking it out of a hat that most of the clowns you put on here But anyway, my CNF transportation bought it at 42 Yesterday was 44 and 11 16 So I think I think it's getting close to time to sell Which one was this man? CNF transportation Can you look that out? Can you look that out? Let me get you a fresh quote here CNF CNF currently is off-courder at 44 and 716 So I'm going to drive home so fast you wouldn't believe it There it is Roger, just call the sale because I'm this year I sit here all day and now where were you on vacation? Well, I went up to Cape Cod Uh-huh For a week and then I was home, by you I'm not going to make any tasteless comments about Did you fly up or drive on? I was going to say I got out of there before the air traffic got heavy I think that's it Oh, oh, oh, oh And actually Let's congratulate CNBC for being the one network At least during the daytime hours That didn't get carried away for three solid weeks with that John John Craig Who was that up at the stock market stuff on it? We do have a mandate Oh, God And talk about a little bit of overkill If you've pardoned that expression It was bad It was bad It was nice to be off Yeah, so what do you think is happening? Every day the air was pointing down Right now, down 52 and a half on the Nasdaq Do you have us on in the studio? I just turned it on since you called I want to see all the bad news now Well, I mean 52 points is major There is, there is yet this up in Bauer County Worrying about this That's because it's about like 200 points on the down Well, I don't want to get nervous But the Nasdaq is going in the toilet It's well, you know, it's all the people Why not? I mean, stocks have just been become overpriced Or over-dialiates I don't even have no earnings But none of this makes any sense What doesn't that it's selling off of that they were That they were having this whole sell on Well, that didn't make any sense And neither does this because Alan Green's Banned had like two sentence in his speech That they didn't like And then because one of the stats there came out And we'd say later modified and said That it wasn't all that bad anyway Right away, everybody looks to me Like this market is looking for an excuse to say Exactly That was the point in the question lecture Right, that's right Right Yeah, but the point is, and I ask this I have every guest I have, you know? So if Green's Banned pulls the trigger for another quarter point So what? And nobody seems to have an answer And I think you're looking for a reason So because it's all blown up by our support Well that's more, I think the reason is These stocks weigh over value Whoever bought companies, they don't have earnings Right, like a OL Well, I have to actually AOL has to raise Amazon.com Amazon.com No, they don't have earnings Yeah, actually they do Yeah, I mean, Amazon is our free and change rate That 90 and 15, 16 Yeah, they have, but I mean, seven companies They have no earnings when you get to see you on here And you're trying to near Rogers them Catch my drift Right You know, they buck you and you found me at the CSER And awful lot of people afford an awful lot of money Right To this stock today, I want an answer And they say they want to see you And they say they want a stock yesterday, so what do we do? Yeah, well, no, it didn't. They basically say, Yeah, we won't have any earnings on paper for three years out Right But they don't want you to know that It's called a wing of prayer and a hope Well, anyway, so that's why it is what it is And I just wanted to say hello Can't wait to get down there and deliver it No, no, I noticed, this is the last time I'm going to mention Joe Kurnan You because I noticed that the last, no, seriously The last two times you call, I mentioned about the hours he Where's now Joe is there when they come on at seven in the morning When Mark Haines comes on at seven in the morning Right And Joe is already there, all dressed up all like showered And clean like he's been there since five in a AM And then when you guys go off in the evening like seven o'clock He's in the morning, well, first of all, let me tell you In case your listeners are not aware, they happy news If you don't look Joe Kurnan, it's his team and it's why for expecting So obviously he must have had just a little time in there He went home once at least Right, well, actually somebody did He's done it for a clock He's done it for a clock Yeah, so now it's for me, I was in the day I did 10 to 12 And I'm going to have to do four to five and then I have to do six to six 30 Oh, poor baby Well, you know And at Mark Haines, what's he on there for about an hour and a half He's got even better hours than I got he's got bankers on He's out for three hours Uh-huh And now, you know, there's don't need to use drops on that show They got their own drops Yeah, I noticed yesterday when they showed the AOL was down to 90 It went like that It was very good Little emphasis The bill is in the mail by the way What hearing from your Ted Take care See you Okay, Ted David from CNBC, who's at least laughing about it The market's taking another big scrap and he's laughing about it He's probably got you know those guys I've got the inside info They're never going to admit it He always denies it but they're breaking it in Nobody reposes you more And now Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC Dr. Burnham A scrubs to die that thinks he's flawed Also known as a fussy Always talking about what he wants Just fit them in broke ass So no, I don't want your number No, I don't want to give you mine And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere No, I don't want none of your time And no, I don't want no scrub A scrub as a guy that can't get no love for me Hang it out the passenger side of his best friends ride Try and a holla afternoon No scrub No scrub No no No scrub No no no no No no no No scrub No no no no No Okay, what's going to be 65, 60WQM? Yeah TLC man, they make me one up Oh, shi, did I hate TLC? Now that I'm watching all the synths these days, almost as much as Limphah risked the dick biscuit. Oh, and like I said, you can watch that video 6,000 times, they don't say ass. Look at my beer, ah, I think I'm gonna be, hey, what? On the lyrics, it's sticking up your, hey, so the answer's implied. And that's what I'm saying, implied. You know, they don't come right out the way to it. You can't get out the way to it. There you go, even Sally had the code to say, that was many years ago. I don't wanna hear that crap, it's garbage. Okay, all the other words, all the other ones. If they didn't say nookie and nookie and nookie 50,000 times, crap. Chomp on this, 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T line, you just wanted to get to be number one on the last day that the back street boys, and you just hope that it'll knock them out of their on the last day. I got news for you, no chance. I know who to win in the fight. Yeah. Okay, this was our idea of kick-ass on all of them. Porter Reakin. Did you say kick? Kick, no, that's Nick. Rimes with, look, here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Mobile in North Miami? Get nailed. Yes, sir. One time, listen up, first time call. All right. To that, most of your call was, this will you, if you want. They want? Hit, you want the hider. What does it go? That's all over the head. Okay, get a go-zometer head, but if you had a phone that I could hear, bad phone, pal, okay. Take it back in a refund. I can't understand where you're saying, call me back, please, on a real phone. That's right, most of my materials just floats right over everybody's head, but I'll enjoy it in any way. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T wireless, I'll never play prison boots today. What was still got time? I'll split it in there, and the a bit too. Here's a mobile in sunny aisles, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Yes, I am. Good. Hey, listen, I wanted to tell you that, I agree with you, and there's no white people down here, it might be. Yeah. There's not even one. What do you mean, Miami Beach? Well, you tell me, what, why any part of the, why are you saying that? Except for Kendall, you tell me a part of the day, County where there's more than three white people, and I'll go take a look. I said, I bought it at a hundred, I said, I want to drive around for two hours. A adventurer, the Gables, yeah. Yeah, something didn't mean a migraine. West Kendall, all the Jews are out there, West Kendall, all jambling are together, yeah. I'm saying, I got to those Jewish people. Yeah, that's right. And if anybody out there, that's a freeze with you, I think they should be sent to your ability, and open public for everybody to see. Okay, including, I'll pay you that much. You're a minister, I'm healthy right in his behind. Five, six, seven, what do you say? Five, six, seven, five, six, the next time Ted David calls in from CNB, so I better not say it, because then he won't call again. No, I want to put him on a spot about something, but he's got the big horns, you can handle it. What a great guy. Ted David, national celebrity call in his show. Is he called a morning show? No. Does he call at Kaplan for tips on stupid ball games? No. Ted David, he knows where to get the inside dope. And that's why he calls here. Yeah, we got the good crap. And you, you, Ojo, I'm provided to her. First of all, that jackass in the Fort Myers early this morning, trying to get a start of big song of the dance, and then we get this guy from total flooring, chronic factor, and I've always told George by the way off the year, the chronic factors are easily as sick or more sick than the chronic colors. Sick. And try to start a big song of the dance with me and I can tell me Hank is against casino gambling here. He's an Ojo on Provacitor. Yeah, he's a total flooring Ojo on Provacitor. If Laura's me, Andy. Oh, that's who that is? That's who that is? Oh, no! Well, I like the way that we vibrate to it, you hear that? Wow! We got our own reverb. Let's hear it. Oh, that's who that asshole is. How come I even, sorry, Hank. Sorry. That's the major major. That was from a bloody asshole. Even worse than the one that, raw. Okay.