Sports Radio 560 WDQAM Miami Sports Laterdale presents the Neil Rogers show A round to Neil called 560-560 toll free for David Broward Count 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil, his guests, colors or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WDQAM Beesley Red Acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QAM Here's the chance for Bill Stewart taking the puck, watch him and go, he's far! Bill Stewart, stand Stewart that's given the pattern, a four-way plea! You can tell me you saw the happy play, it's a guy that's been proud of these plays Where has free body hate? Yes! The sight of your face, you wear this, not a happy play! No! It's a sink and take this great, you wear this! Not a happy play! No! John Fuercher for the full of a change, back to having a rough road beat The equipment always breaks, it's a hot and charming place, you wear this, not a happy play Oh, real depressing place, you wear this, not a happy play! Here's the chance for Bill Stewart taking the puck, watch him and go, he's far! Bill Stewart, stand Stewart that's given the pattern, a four-way plea! Nice recovery there, Jigs, not, I wish I could recover my voice, I got learned in practice. Can you tell? Can you tell? Can you tell? I can't talk, I feel pretty good, but it's settled in my throat and the accoled tune. So I'm going to work the micro-close thing, we'll play all the spots on tape, like some of the other people do Anyway, kind of as a matter of course, and I'll just fumble my way through here today, is it time to do that, man? That's alright, just one, keep it to the lower. Okay, I'm clocking through my teeth. I can't talk through my throat because I've got learned in practice. Maybe it was all that screaming at the Panther game last night. No, actually they were going to play pretty good, but it wasn't a kind of a game, I heard a lot of screaming, you know? Except, hey Eddie, you suck, you know? And then with that Bill Stewart, I mean, it came Stewart cut the break away. And then we left because it was four to one, and heard the last two minutes of Jigs on a radio. You know, Jigs McDonald, the 89 year old boy to the Panther? Here's a chance for Bill Stewart taking the spot, clocked in and both, the four! Bill Stewart, Sam Stewart has given the Panther a four one way! Bill Stewart, he must be keen to a radical parole. Oh, yeah, I think they're from the same family. Anyway, God, there's so much stuff going on today, and wouldn't you know what that's my luck today? Would have learned, Jigs, because I've got a million goddamn things here. 25 million. Oh, first of all, if you bought one of our best in the United States, at any of the specs, the brand do it improved ones, the O'Cosher and O'K ones, it's on great durian. So you can bring it back to wherever or you bought it, and they'll swap it for you, whichever specs story you bought it at. And these even the smell good, they're so good. Yeah, they're so good. They're a stinker. They're scratching stiff. Yeah, they're scratching the sniff this. Oh, by the way, speaking of scratch and sniff this, only one last thing needs to be said about Ricky Martin. He can't think for sh**. Yeah, that's all. That's all you need to say. Front page of the newspaper, all over the place. Hey Ricky, Ricky. We don't want, I'm not even playing any Ricky Martin bits today, because I'm so disgusted. You see, it goes to show you the people at both of our local newspapers, and a lot of very, very silly young women here. They haven't discovered the fact Ricky Martin is history. He's done. He is finito. She is finished. History. Yesterday's news. Because you can only lick lopping aloko so many times before it finally wears out. It's over. Yeah, I mean, it's great when you got that one song keep over and over and over again. Kind of like Rosemary Clooney, you know, come on in my house, come on. That was her song. That was it. That was her only song. And now here we are 100 years later, and they're still making it. Oh, look at that. She's still alive. She weighs 400 pounds, but she's still alive. There were a lot of people like that. One hit wonders. That maybe Book of Brian will call in and we can reminisce about one hit wonders. Not, you know, like Dorothy Killgallon, people like that. Better serve. John Charles Daily. Arlene Francis. Sue B. Sales. What am I talking about? I'm a little bit cold here because I have this problem in my throat. Anybody ever have a problem in their throat? Anyway, speaking of having a problem emanating from their throat, well, I talked about this yesterday. We already knew this, but so is he lambied? These thoughts already inside her who's kind of like a, well, I'll say one thing. He's about the only one that talks about anything happening on talk shows and time because Tom Jickie is too important for us now. Tom Jickie is too busy writing about, you know, rehashed reviews of boring TV shows all of what's stuck by the way. Tom will tell you that. Just read as we've used. They all pretty much suck. But anything happening with radio in this time, Tom can't be bothered with. So we have to leave it to Josie Lambe to software insider to tell us, Motormouth Brook Daniels used the F-word on her super-talk 940 show recently, a radio no-no. But it's the Porsche Mull producing her show, who's in trouble. You know, it's always that way with her. It's always the producers fault that she's got a number that nobody can read because it's so tiny. Neither Daniels know the haunches at the Clare Channel owned AM Station commented, but the $30,000 a producer Larry Baker said he can't understand why he and not Daniels was suspended with no pay. He doesn't understand it. It's always the producers fault. It's been that way since that bitch since that no tell that obnoxious disgusting bitch came on a year. It's always the producers fault. On the one who asked to erase the dirty words when they happened said Baker, who wants to rob comedy for J. Leno. Or J. Leno does comedy? No, when's that gonna start? But I was screening calls from listeners and doing the job of two people and I missed it. This station is so cheap they're having me do everything. Sound familiar? Sound familiar? I'm having second thoughts about working here. This station is so cheap they're having me do everything. I'm having second thoughts about working here. I don't think you have to have the third thoughts, Larry. I can't work with a host who didn't stand by me. I guess I'll go back to Bartonic. I guess you're right Larry. Have another drink. Come on. Known for her infectious lab. And shit chat about relationships, popular culture, and a whiny boyfriend named Pookey. Oh my bad, that's why she said BF word. Maybe they let the air out of Pookey. Huh? That might have been the problem. Well certainly it can't be a human, you seener. Daniels came to work Monday stressed out over breaking up with her bow. Maybe maybe the plastic, you know, kind of like melted in that flood. Then on the air she spoke about the postponement of a bit member of the council at the National E.I. Intercenter and the flooded parking lot. What the audience heard was, there was a big effing lake in the goddamn parking lot. Is what she said. At first Daniels whose ratings are a business-y low. Did I do the comments? But when listeners called her on it, the first of periods went to the audio tape and Neil Baker. Of course, who would want to nail her? I have a great idea since I have this very bad learning. How about if I just play that for a row four hours? I'll hear you down here. Theoretically one thing, we can get a bigger number playing her life on this show than she will ever get. Is there any doubt about that? No. You're entaid. But you bet your life on it. We got the airport thing going on. Got it. We got eight billion things going to the storm experts. They can't figure out why you didn't understand how bad it was going to be. So unbelievable. And you watched this phone today because they knew I can't speak because these statistics are no, but I have learned that I feel fine. But when I play with the titles in your throat, it's called Lerangitis. And you can't talk. So I'm not going to stay home when I feel as good. In addition to which they'd probably assume I'm playing hooky again. So you'll see this audience will be recalcitrant. They will have nothing to say about anything because I've seen the way they operate. They've been the doing this to me for 23 years. The famous night at W. News, I sound great now, compared to the way I sound of that night. I said, well, I really need your help tonight. I can barely speak. It feels like a knife is cutting my throat every time. And I couldn't buy a God in call. I could have offered 50 grand for a call. And they would have said, no, we're enjoying sitting here listening to you suffer. And they liked it. They love it a lot. And I'm at a chapter 10 of 2 AM. I got left for something else to do. No rose plays won't be on tonight. So don't miss prepare of the new CBS show. Good. One full hour of nothing but girls. Tall one short one. Glond Brunez Redhead. Kate, a model. We can't remember what she had for breakfast. Laura, athletic. If it's hard, she's on it. Bush. Girls, girls and more girls for one solid hour. Do it in tonight and see. Good. Oh, right. That's 15 to 5. 60 WDQ AM. What do we want to think we have to do with this? You have to be requested and rest my voice for tomorrow. Or should I keep using what little voice I have today to make sure I don't have to be here tomorrow? That sounds like a plan to me. Anyway, the best in the alumni do not have all the specs now. They'd be proud Palm Beach. Am I right about that? Yes. Yeah. And the key change with the buttons with all the cute little sound. They'll begin tomorrow. Yes. Is the new word that I've just got. And yeah. And what about Carol? Is she still alive? Anyway, speaking of if somebody's still alive, see, this is a horrendous thing. You know, if these kids out there are little and collar, I haven't been through enough already. Uh-huh. Students, 17, charged in column by and threat. I'm sure a lot of you saw this story on the news. A column by in high school students been arrested for allegedly threatening to finish the job of the two teenage gunmen who carried out the bloodbath last April 20. Did you see that? Oh yeah. The student 17, whose name was withheld because he's a juvenile, was jailed yesterday on charges of inciting destruction of life and property. And theft for allegedly stealing a school microphone, he was held in a half a million dollar bond. See, I know this sounds a little bit extreme. But I think that the way you teach kids that you don't do things like this is you bring them in it noon. You know how they have like a send ladies and they make all the kids sit down in the assembly and they put them up there in the stage and they blow his brains out. And they say the next kid who tries to prank like this after all we've been through, you'll be next. And you know what? I think that's all of the problem right there. Don't you? Uh-huh. Thank you. Disgusting. Pathetic. Yeah, he's going to finish off the job that the other two scumbags did last April. I don't think so. I say, let's finish him off. Oh, but he's an end. I'm a story this morning on the TV. His friend says, oh, but he's been under a lot of stress. He's been under a lot of stress. I'm under a lot of stress. Last six weeks in his place, I've been under enormous stress. Am I threatening to kill anybody? Yes? No. Not yet. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neha, how you doing? Okay. I want to touch and do things. So I write in the paper today that they're going to close the schools for us. Kids to go out for lunch. I'm so bad for the kids so that's what's guys in the cafeteria. Now they can go out for lunch. They're going to do what? They're going to close the schools and I'm going to let kids go out. Each lunch outside of school now. Starting 2004. Oh. Yeah, slightly. Starting in five year, I'll be long going. I don't care. Yeah. And that's a second thing I was going to do. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I mean, you know, I go to every game of the hot defendant. You just said to see, I mean, just hold those empty seats when they're 5-1 and 1. But you've been used to it because that's just the way it is. You know, I mean, I can't, it did back to be honest with you when the game was starting. It looked like it was going to be a lot worse than it turned out to be as filled in a lot better than it looked like. I mean, it was in great. It said 14,585 in the paper. Maybe there were 13,000 people in our last life. Yeah. But they used to it. And the people that were seen in front of me, they didn't care about the community. They're anyway. So it was a social club. It's not a hockey club. It's just so incredible. I'm just spending off and I'm trying to watch the game and it's just done. I'm like, you know, it's that. Anyway, you know, great job. I love you. Okay, pal. Hang in there. Calgary tomorrow night, by the way. The Pavellbury may be back tomorrow night. They're willing to go with out him and just imagine how good it would be when he comes back. Anybody care out there? No, I know you don't. Like the people in front of me, the sky again with his little kid. Here's here come the path is down the ice on a two on one. I think Bill Stewart was coming down the ice. Anybody know who Bill Stewart is? No, probably played 100 years ago when Jigs was a teenager. But anyway, the path has got a two on one. We'll go to scoring chance. And now this guy, you know the chronic one who thinks he's very important. They're with his little kids who sits in front of me. Now he's got to get up and he's got to, he's leaving now. So he can pass right in front of me. Well, I'm craning my neck to see. Are we going to score a goal here or something exciting? What happened? You know, there's a big plate of helping here. You don't care. Then there's another moment in the same period. I think it was in the third period. When one of his lady friends comes over and she's been over right over in front of me. And she's got to give him a big kiss on a cheek. And I wanted to say the game is going on. You stupid goddamn bitch. Is what I wanted to say. I didn't say anything. I bit my lip. I'm hungry. I said this at that, you know. See, the one thing about this core of misfits that sits in front of me. They have, and I shouldn't, I don't want to include all of them because this guy's brother brings his little kid and they don't bother anybody. I think it's his brother. He's a good guy. They don't stand up in front of other people. They have a little bit of truth, a little bit of courtesy. Not this guy. He doesn't know what the word means. They're gone to Mishboha and then grandpa last night, he's going to get him up and down and up. Why are you leaving now? Why are you getting up right now? Why don't wait till the next stopage you play? That's all. Why? Why are you doing this? Oh, do you rotate Neil? What are you doing a great job? You're doing a magnificent job. I want to see the f and d. I don't want to see your ass. But hey, you know what you feel like the guy says. It's a social club. I mean, even the announcer doesn't know the name of the players. What do you expect? I think what I'm going to do is I'm just going to play that call followed by Brooks Lath for three and a half hours. What do you say? Sounds good to me. Here's a chance for my help. We're taking the fuck. Walked in and go. He's gone. Bill, Bill, Bill. Who's him? Do it. He's given the pattern. I love him. He's gone. I'm playing. I can't. I don't feel about ten times. I love you. He's your good guy. But you know, come on. Come on. Get up the miracle or something. Get a little oxygen for jigs up there. You know, he's way way up there in the air. Where the air is real thin. Up in the booth. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you today? OK, sir. You know, I heard jigs is faux pop. But you missed, uh, rumors. Mistake last night, which was. What was that? Radic Rimmer? No, he was 50 times worth. Yeah. Late with like five minutes to go in the game, he says the panthers are going to go on a power play. We're sure two minutes for playing with a broken stick. There's a face off in the panthers end. Vancouver's pinching in firing shots. I'm going to power play. Why would they be pinching in? Then all the sudden he goes. One, two, three, four. Oh, excuse me. He goes, we're sure, still in the box. So it's the last two minutes of this 17 minutes that he got for fighting Jacob in the second period. Right. I mean, that's really bad. They stunk. Yeah. That's, I mean, that's just, that's just, uh, I mean, you know, getting the name wrong. That's the same. But to say there's a power play when there's not a power play. That's the thing, I think you're nitpicking. You know, expecting these guys to get something right? Well, that's that's going to be a good game. But, you know, the canthers. If they're going to win, if they're going to win throughout the season, they got to play better defense than the third period. They can't expect the score three goals and the third period to hold the two go lead. You know what I'm saying? No, I don't. Why, I, I, I, what was there to complain about last night's game? I don't understand. Trevor kid played great. He was sensational. Need a higher played good. Winnie played great. Yeah. Well, how could you find fault with a performance last night with Burry Not in a lineup? How could you possibly, unless you're a soft Florida sports fan, so called, how could you find fault with that performance? Well, no, I wasn't, it wasn't perfect. But no team, even if best teams don't play perfect games. Well, it's good. We've got a really good offense to do. Yeah. And you also played the night before in Tampa and had a brutal overtime game, which they won 65. But they were coming on in the third period. Yeah. Well, wow. Was the game ever endowed? Um, well, keep in mind that one shot and hit, uh, with hit the got, can't kid the neck. Um, there was a quick whistle. But I'm going to say, let me ask you again, was the outcome of the game ever really endowed? No, no, really. Okay, thank you. Where, where, where. The team has lost one game. There are two sensational start. We have thousands of empty seats, and this guy who proclaims himself as a great fan is going, where, where. I can't even talk, and I'm ecstatic with the performance last night. The first period stuck, it was very boring. And then the game, it steadily progressed and turned into a pretty damn entertaining game. I left it with a big smile on my post. And actually got home in time to see the last three minutes of overtime in the least hurricanes game for a coin. Oh, thank God the small dish had the CTV on last night in the great Joe Bowen. I should have brought those highlights in. And Joe Bowen, by the way, actually calls the guys by the right name. Not only is he make the game unbelievably exciting, but he actually calls the guys by the right name. I realize that's asking for a lot, you know? And of course, Jake has only been off work for a couple of years. He's only had all those months to study like the names of all these people who are going to be on the team. But after you reach your 95th birthday, you have to make excuses. You have to understand it's the memory starts going, you know? And we didn't even play the other clip where he talked about the, the Panthers went over rank Hoover since 1977. We didn't play that one. The guys in the morning kept playing it because there were lentless bastards. Because they want to pick out a defenseless old man. Here's a chance for Bill's short chasing the podcast and I'm going to see four. Bill's short, Sam Stewart has given the pattern a four one way. What do you say about a bunch of three guys have on a pick on an old man? And I think Tommy was behind it. I think Tommy was at this four guys and probably done a B. Probably done a B, that's our place, you know? What a sour guy he is, man. Of course if I were 53 and I was still like, you know, some board-up answering phones on a morning sports nerd show, I'd probably be pissed off about it too, you know? If I were a wannabe, if my claim to fame was doing a pregame before the Marlins, you know? The warm-up for a Marlins game, then nobody cares about it. I'd be pretty upset about it. Here's a mobile and mirror mar, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm sure I wanted to call and see if you saw him in the news the, about this kid that was chased by the cops, when he's caught smoking crack and jumped into that river in the, and dropped. Yes, I did see that, yeah. That's crazy that they attacked the police like that, you know? Of course, he was just scumbag with a long criminal record, a real major scumbag and guess what? When a cops catch your red handed, the message is, you don't flee. Oh, yeah. Well, you don't smoke and crack. Yeah. Yeah, it's just, uh, the door open. Yeah, it's just ridiculous to wait this week. So the real message is when you're going to smoke crack close the door. Yeah, I think the saltizer is in the whole, the whole man is in the, the man is at a hand right now, all these riots and, you know, I haven't feeling like, you know, man is going to be Cuba soon. They're taking over and the police can't even control it. You know, it seems like everybody's been there. Well, man, this guy was a Cuban guy. No, he did have black guy. Yeah, but I mean, everybody's not happy with a Cuban's taking over. Just every, you're right. In other words, the Cuban's are responsible for the sparks of criminals. Who is that it? Jesus Christ. George, you guys, you got a lot of weight on your shoulders, man. Got a lot of work to do. Oh. And speaking of that. Where's that article about Mayor Pingo again? This thing about they're not going to let, uh, where's, I got, I just got too much crap. But nice about good talking, you know, because they got a great show here if I could talk. But I can't. Oh, yeah. What do you law a barrier for the Grammys? Did you see this? The Latin Grammys will not be doing their thing at the American Airlines arena downtown. It either have to be on a beach or in Fort Waterdale because they had that ordinance in Miami. They're Cuban performers. Any answer is no. Mayor Pingo says no. No. Just say no to Cuban performers. Well, so I'll save that for a minute. We're going to spend $10.27 at $5.50 QA. Just a gaggy stock, so, okay? Okay. You have dialed the Jewish telephone sex line. Relax and get ready for the time of your life. Okay. I'm ready. It's a goggle and spritz everything. Oh, hey, you're feet are like ice. You know, the ceiling needs feet. Nice. Walk your leaning on my hair. Oh, could you speed it up a little wheel of fortune I've got it five minutes. I think it off my hair. You're nothing to go. Thank you for calling Jewish phone sex. Call again in about six months. Holy. 225.60 WQ. I'm here in the old days when we had an audience that cared. In the old days I'd come in like this. We'd have 50,000 women calling in with remedies for the Afflemon that's right for the sore throat. I'm drinking a cup of a tea right now. But not anymore. If not the same here anymore. They're bitter. They're hostile. They just don't get a crab. Or maybe they saw the picture above the Sardacle I'm talking. I might be there pissed off about this. Cauty law, barrier for Grammys. I just noticed this. Musicians, John Sikata. Oh, you know him? Yeah. And Cike Santander. Clown around in June after Latin Grammys were launched. What kind of an aim is Cike Santander? Huh? So maybe it's not that the Cuban performers They don't want coming to the city of Miami. Maybe they just don't want a guy named Cike. Coming in. They don't want any Cikes coming in. And of course if you've ever been in sunrise you can begin to understand that. Or at the Rascal House. 560505060 on the AT&T Wireless Line. If you do not just late, I feel fine. I can't talk, but I feel fine. So I'm here. Then some of that bad doesn't. I can't really tell. Maybe I'll just do it through the, uh, through the shredder. That would be good. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, good morning. How are you, sir? I'm okay. I just want to come in the Harold. I mean, we bash him all the time and just really sell. Good job on his airports here. Absolutely. You're calling better late than never. And you know something. I think this is a direct cause of these articles is because we defeated that tax. And I think the Harold may be waking up to try to find out why are people so pissed off and don't trust government. And then you'll notice that Mayor pinged by the way. One of the people that came out against the attacks for the baseball stadium and kind of attacks. He's against that. I think maybe that July 27 election got him a message. I mean, you, you look at the day County. You look from the port of Miami to the airport. Yeah. Look at, they investigate Jackson Hospital. I mean, God forbid, but if they ever looked in where that money is going. One thing about day County corruption is a way of life. I mean, you know, I was watching NBC News last night. We're talking about soft money in general politics. I know this little tangent here. And they're just talking about how people and interests are going out of control. I mean, the interest and today's article. I mean, it takes a while to read. It's a big article. I know people, you know, it's hard for people to grasp it and read through and all. You know, I spend that much time on it. I mean, I don't want to go and read every article this week. It's amazing that and they do. And try to raise our taxes again or ask for more money. I mean, is there any, you know, I hear people. We're talking about the education system of people don't want to even raise it. And they start questioning about the crystal palace and for Lauderdale. Remember, all those art, all those conversations you had a couple of months ago. This is why. I mean, I don't trust it. You know what I mean? I don't want to give my heart or money to something that has been an auto failure in this town. And this isn't only it. I mean, it's everywhere in the county. And I'm sure it's a valid too, or it's going to get there. Yeah, but we have a lot of pikers in Broward. We have a lot to learn from Dave when it comes to corruption. We're just little leaders. Yeah, but you know something that looks to me like there's a little more money from Broward. So they might be taking a little bit more and you know, they're discounted out here. When you read about the fact that the airport is in the condition that it's in. Oh, and that they lock out all of the big vendors, like even the Disney people and McDonald's. Because all these little juicy inside the, all these friends of the mayor. All these friends of all the politicians. This is why the airport is a toilet. But you also looking yesterday's article where they were talking about the slope of the roof. And but it was only like a $600,000 and a worth wasn't worth going after or even filing the papers for the insurance. I mean, this is our tax dollars. Yeah. I mean, if my kid can't get books in school, there's 35 kids in the classroom. But they're not willing to go after $600,000 because an engineer made a mistake. And if I'm insurance, claim screw up. I'm not giving you any more money. Go find the problems because I, you know, something. Meal. I think the money is out there. And I'm from less government. And I think this is garbage. It's bureaucracy is best. Okay. Play it poor boy. And they keep hiring more people to do less work and get less service in this town. It sucks. Well, I think there's one more to describe it. I think there's one more to describe it. I think there's one more to describe it. Okay. See it in my A. This is a very disturbing. I mean, all the other ones have been disturbing. Remember I said yesterday that I was waiting, especially for this one today. Miami airport retail shops lag behind US trends because virtually any airport in this country. That you go to has got a wide variety of retail outlets, bookstores. I mean, fine shopping, all kinds of food, food courts, you name it. Because when you go to the airport, you're getting ready to go on a plane. Right? Generally speaking, does anybody there right mind want to wait to eat the food on a plane? No. I think so. Or maybe people are making a stop in between. You know, maybe they have a connection and they got a couple hours to kill. Then they're about to get a good meal. Can you get a good meal? At Miami International Airport? No. No. You get a weanie. In fact, you go there and you get like a hot dog and a diet snap-up and whatever else like nine bucks, ten bucks. Three tickets. The county's politicians have spent more time taking care of politically connected insiders than passengers. Miami International Airport's retail is the prime example of how the county's elected officials and supporters, the lobbyist gatekeepers work behind the scenes to do a lot of dollars and deals to a favor few. One of the most disgusting stories in the history of mankind and guess who's in it by the way, right up to his correct arm pits. Our good buddy, Mayor Pinga. Right? Christopher Courage, fundraiser extraordinaire, and longtime friend of Mayor Alex Pinga, is the airport's unofficial retails are, with all four major MIA concession clients in his portfolio. Hey, Mayor Pinga, you're a crook. Okay, you're a little weasley freaking crook. And he can't figure out why the people didn't trust him back on July 27. I'm an expert in retail, Courage said, I understand the economics of it. Others say there's a lot more to it. It really comes down to this. There probably a dozen deal makers in this town, and there are 30 or 41 of these, said former MIA and asshole Maurice Ferray. The king of them all is Chris Courage. He's number one. He's come a long way from his days as a $17,800-dollar year assistant city attorney in Miamie Beach. Now he drives a brand new link in navigator sports utility. Sometimes we're as seal of the president on the United States or a couple of links, a gift from El Presidente, and lives in a $1.3 million home in Pinecrash. So how do you like that? So, if it's better late than ever, nice goal in here, like you guys says, long overdue. Not even a mention the $29 million they spent on the construction project here a few months ago, that they had a stop because it wasn't going to work. So they just flush $29 million down the old toilet. Can't figure out why we don't want to give you any more romantic can you Mr. Mayor? Little weasley crook. For those two parents on his shoulders. Funny till 11 a QAM. Okay, it's blow! The way I move around when I go to, I call it the Mambo movement, the first two. On the toilet seat, nice swing and swing, two of the Mambo beats to make your place. So, we download and I'll call you for your birthday. I got two rules. A bit of it a day, but it's all I need. So, I can make my hiding, nice and cheap. I don't have to push, I think it's good to roll when I move inside the side of the toilet. I'll never have to spray, it comes out of holes. It looks a little like a 2-0. I wait to the left, it's way to the right, from the greenish skin, until you eyes. I don't lay out your burning calories, but never ever get a big red ring. That's why we drag guys, we can't do see and turn sides. And I'll find, when they do get the bomb, blow movement up or two. Get out of here. Hey, let me out of here. I'm going to the Mambo. Come on, show it to me. I'm going to go to the wheel and beat you. I don't have to stop here. And I'm going to finish this. Okay, 1045, it's 5.62. I'm very impressed because the LD says it's on very sexy in the sultery. This more. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Yeah, that's what he said. My name is Joel Defar. County law, a barrier for Grammys is the question mark. And come to find out, I guess they're going to pick between LA and Miami for the Latin Grammys to the next side of it. Come to find out that if they do come to the choose Miami, they wanted it to be at the American Airlines Santa Center because it's right there in the heart of Miami, which is the world's Latin Music Hub, it says here. They're home to almost every major Latin music label. Can it be there? No. No. Because Mike Green, who's the president of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Science Sciences, insists that the show will be able to include Cuban musicians. And they've county's ordinance against doing business with any entity that deals with Cuba means the A.A. arena is out, it's out. And speaking of that little crook mayor, we got he says, no one is forbidding. The Latin... Where the hell is the rest of it? Well, they left the sentence out here, while he went to the Herald again. Something, rather, nobody's forgetting forbidding the Latin or something, but, says Mayor Pinga, if they want to play it a public facility with public resources, I will enforce the law. So in other words, if they want to go out in the middle of the street somewhere and do it, it's okay. But if they want to play it a public facility with public funds, sounds a little bit like that, the fascist Rudy Giuliani. Doesn't it? Oh, yeah. For look at these people, did they come to my rescue today or what? One call on the board now. See what I mean about this audience and about these people here in this town? They just don't care about each other. They don't care about me, they don't care about themselves. No ladies with the remedies for it, and not nothing. Uncarrying, cold, callous. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile device, Palm Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Despite what you say, the precise reason you're recalling, I want you to know that we do care about your health. Try to grangle with some hydrogen peroxide. Yeah. And that might help, but I don't know if you've ever tried it. Yeah, I have done that. What have you do just those swells? No, I never do. Hey, by the way, I can't agree with you anymore about date counting in Miami. Nothing more than a corrupt banana republic from South America. Yeah, great. That's exactly the way to put it, sir. Very well put a corrupt banana republic. Not just a regular ordinary pedestrian banana republic, but a corrupt banana republic. Very well said. It's terrible. I'm moving to California, but it's just about out there almost. What are you going to do? You take care of yourself, man. Okay, thanks. I watch out for the mudslides in your earthquakes. 560, 750, 550, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I'll make it come back. I always do. Okay, I said it's, you know, it's frustrating because I feel pretty name good. But it's just stuck there like a lump right in my throat. You know, that's the way it is. That's the way God works. He's a miserable nasty son of a bitch that God and just, you know, all these colds and all these different melodies and all these ailments that he could prevent by the way, very easily. Little, way of his little magic wand or magic finger, whatever he's got. His magic twinger. He won't do it. He's a prick. Here's for Lauderdale, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? Not much. Hey, where you're at the McRainer last night? Yes, I'm on. Listen, that like a big forest. There's like 12,000 people there's on the... That's about 13. That's that, man. We got like, we're not besting in the league. Yeah. Very well. Right. And it's like, nobody showed them. In addition, in which most of us thought that Pavel Brie was going to play last night. Yeah. So they can't use that as an excuse saying, well, you know, they're more come out when he gets back in a lot of, because he was supposed to play last night we thought. Yeah, wish we would have. I was at the game too, so it's like, I was like, that's why I was wishing for that. So I went to the game. Yeah. I was figuring that we'd like plan. Play old play against scatter. I was using it, but see, even without him, they played great. They won the game five to two. Yeah, I know. I know it's very exciting. I know a lot more exciting. If those NPCs would have been filled, but they're not. You know, I'm the one to do. What can you do? I can't get any more. I keep trying. I want to happen though, because most people down here did, don't care. No, like I said, they don't keep a crap about anybody except that midward. That bitch. Yeah, exactly. I can't believe she had more people there. You know, after her, can I? I thought that that's a good point. Sunday night she had fourth, and excellent point. Fourteen thousand people there to see that bad bitch that just stuck at everybody's nose on Friday night, and they come out to see that bitch on the air. Right in the aftermath, I'm sure that there was still a lot of water and a lot of crab going on. And they go through the flood to see this bitch and we can't get 13,000 for the hockey team. Yeah, but you know that their crowd was like probably senior value with a. Yeah, old Jews. Yeah. Okay, pal. All right. Old Jews and young queens. Bossies and other one of those fat tags, you know, lies in Manellie, Judy, Garland, Betty, Davis, Joan Crawford, Diane, or Ross, this Taylor. Liz, Taylor. Liz, Taylor. Liz, Taylor. The biggest cream of them all. What is it with Faggags? What's in all about? Work shields. What is that all about? I guess it's a good cover for some of them. I wonder what any fisher would have to say about that. Talk about desperate. Well, you know, he wrote the biography back 17 years ago. And then he decided he needed more money. So now he's really really going to tell us all the good stuff that he's going to make up. I mean, who would touch Eddie Fisher even in his youth. He had this that made Wayne look lovely. It's really really he had craters. Even the moon don't have craters that deep. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Yeah, hey, Neil. Yes, man. I just wanted to call and agree with whoever calls and said that you sound sexy this morning, because I got to tell you. Yeah, you have guilty. We do. And he's not my type guilty. I think the call, you know, you got to call or something. It's just it's working. It's this work. Is it? Yeah, it's definitely working. I got to find a mine got me hooked on the show. I listened to you every morning. I just want you to know that people in Fort Myers. We love you. In very strong. We'll have a, we'll have a tool for you. Number four, you've very soon. Oh, that would be great. That would be very cool. Okay. Hi, Dr. later. Thanks. Bye. Hi. Nice lady in Fort Myers. You know something we very, really hear from what we've really hear from women. We've been in period. But in Fort Myers, that was marked that down on the calendar. That's special. Now, the women just don't care anymore. You know, like our friend and not slandingly, they used to be our good friend. And I saved your life for the act in the pot. And she lost all that weight. But since not slanding went off the ear and we don't care about the covers anymore. And Mark Grace ran off with his boyfriend. You know, she feels we have nothing to talk about anymore. She's abandoned me in my time of desperate need. Save your life. Those are her words, I saved. How many people's lives have I saved? Not that I'm trying to shine, you know, like a Prima Donna. Not that I want to pat myself on the back. Do I? I'm okay. I can still. I can do it. I'm patting myself on the back right now. It's back. Oh, look at that. That helped. Got it's a green one too. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why was I? See, they're two ways to look at this. The date county thing, you can just. Give up, you know, you can just say, effort. Brook it. Hey, that's a good idea. And start a saying the air forward since he said it on the air yesterday. And she needs the publicity desperately anyway. Will just say, Brook it. What a broken idiot. Yeah. I like it. Brook you, man. Yeah. What a book in Jack ass. I love that. Nice going Neil. That's almost as good as a very pre-hug-of-ing. Which by the way, several other Jews, the Yidd-Lock came to me at the hockey game last night. They got it. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why was that? I'll tell you one thing. If you took all the Jews out of the macarina at the hockey games, you'd have 2,000 people. Are you worth that? It's like it's like Brian, our great sales guy coming in there this morning. And he wants me to do an appearance on Hanukkah. I said, are you crazy? 80% of our audience are Jews. You look, is it, oh, a lot of our audience are Jews? And he looked at me and George, like I had just said. Oh, it's something crazy. No, we don't have any Jews. I just made it up Brian. He's obviously very good. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. 80 up to his paper, right? Yes. A poor-out-the-pandre section. I think the Harold has his own tanker's map. He need one. Well, a goal is 1.0 and a assisted 1.0, right? Yeah. Well, so when Ray-Wittie has 3 goals of 560, he points, right? Right. Well, according to the H. He's going to be a good player. I have a assisted to keep points, right? Right. Well, according to the Harold, he has 11 points. They're taking goals at 2.0. I saw this wrong, because I'm just messing up from there. But yeah, look at it now. They say Ray-Wittie has 11 points. All right. Kavov has a whole 10. Yeah. 3-in-4. Yeah, when you go down in their own, if they're own, scoring thing. And then you go down to the point with like Ryan Johnson. One goal, one of this, somehow he only has 2 points. Yeah. Well, it's only if you play on one of the top couple of lines. Oh, okay. So like the top two lines, get 2 points for goal. Right. Oh. And when Ray comes back, he's got, he gets 3 points for goal. Because he's going to be right. Oh, okay. That's going to be because I saw something. I thought he was going to do that was a point. Each for goal in his head. You know, I was going crazy. And the funny part was last week. I was looking at it. It was the same thing. Yet they had right nicks. The panther stats. They had like the meters and goals and everything. Yeah. And they had goals and a six into the leaders work. Yeah. And yet in there was one goal point. Oh, no, no, this is only for our team. I see. No, this is the Miami map. In fact, for the teams that we don't like, they don't get any points for a mistake. That's pretty good. Okay. That helps us out pretty good. Thanks for the good news. How do you like that more mistakes, man? This town is loaded with mistakes. There's a chance for Bill storytelling the podcast. I'm going to go. Bill storytelling. Sam Stewart just given the pattern a four one way. And I'd like you. He's a great old guy. Old. 1056. It's a two way. It's a two way. It's a two way. It's a two way. It's a two way. It's a two way. It's a two way. So you can't go to the other side. Well, uh you are. All right. Well, worry, no more. Now you and your natural 44 student walks on the street without zero. Hey, Steven. Will you find those? With a new start? With real breast label from the makers of. Hello, my name is. It's the one and a half calorie breast label that identifies your huge others as genuine to the fly the sticky part to your cleavage. and no one will ever knock your knockers again. Oh, they are real. You've searched real rest labels because when you look good, they get off. Isn't search something you put in your mouth? I'm sorry. It's 11.25.60 WQAM. So we got Hank, I'm reluctant to mention this again. We got Hank, Default, and Eddie K. I called it again. The staff knew it from 2 to 5. Hank would be no cook. They're going to be out there to call it again. And the obvious question is, What I'm saying, that's not going to be another one of those gambling shows. Uh-huh. Just to remember, the gambling colors will destroy the sports, the 20 hours of sports on this radio. That's a much an morning show. But the rest of the day, the gambling, the compulsive, we ought to change the qualities to WGA. Huh? How's that sound? I bet you know, I bet you those call letters don't exist. Your gambling is an manifestation for the 90s. Uh-huh. What about that three and a half by the Bells Oakland game? What do you thought, John, that? How do you look at it? Oh, God, if the people who entertained those calls had any concept of how terminal that is, of how rapidly it sends many of us diving for the radio dial. There's nothing wrong with being a compulsive gamer, and losing all your air, even losing your ass. Do you want to do that to be my guest? I just don't want to hear about it. Nobody wants to hear about it. I had the three over to four five seven and a seven. I left it to gate in the eight. Put the pills with the nine. Yeah. And you lost your ass. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty. Do you want to think about ninety nine percent of people who are, I'm not talking about people, you know, like me, make a little wager at the horses. Vegas, I'm talking about people are compulsive chronic sick gamers. They lie like crazy because the overwhelming majority of them lose their ass. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, Salah. Hi, Neil. Yes, something better. I will listen to you first started this morning. I think maybe it's a T, you know what? It's coming back. And I got a comment from the macaroni grill and a few of us, so that will really do it for me. Or let's look back at that— Ohでも, clean that up. It shines on its edge and it's really neat. Do you want to check out your paper for the Hi Report itself? Come on, kelvin. Fl 당it Rem! We're aware of this. Oh, you reading over there. Okay, I got to cover one out. Cool. Watch it out. My report for you. Listen to, your friend Phil from the radio. And I guess I kept it on the dial. Yeah. And I goofy brought the UUs book come on. And she said the F.14 right over. Yeah, she denied it, he denied it and everybody denied it. And anybody that called in and talked about it, they shut right off. You can do for a few minutes. What's your opinion? Can I do anything? Can the FCC do something about that or it's a log and yeah, somebody sends him a tape of it. I mean, she knows better than that. She and why are they punishing the guy? You see, when in her case, it's always her producer that has to be the scapegoat for her and she called him warm. She knows you can't say F on a year. You can't do that. And the fact is, if I said the word duck. Right. Is that what she said? Yeah. And I knew the girl she did. I got this before. The summer book will be out in a few days. I want to do she better duck because you may be down to a point. A point. Yeah. Oh, I'm terrible. What an obnoxious show unbelievable. She was yesterday, the day before the day. But it sounded like you're not only a regular listener over there, but you're a call or two awesome beautiful pot of water for my friends. Yeah, you got it. OK, I have a great day, pal. He likes her show. I think she's. I mean, he's quoting chapter in verse. She said this yesterday in the day before she said duck and the duck came down and grabbed her marks said, let me $50, et cetera, and so on. See, yeah, I get, I don't know about people like that. Yeah. What was her protesting and telling me how terrible her show is, but he can quote chapter in verse, what she says? I mean, somebody's got a listen, obviously. 560, 50560, pound 550 on the 18th, T. Warless line. Here's a mobile in B. T. Hello. How are you, Neil? Yes, sir. You know, I got to tell you, I do a lot of business in Latin America. And it's the same everywhere you pay whoever you have to pay. Usually a cousin of a brother of a general guy in charge. Right. And you do business. That's why Miami is, you know, 98% Latin. What do you expect? Yeah. There were full of Japanese, you know, it'd be done business that way. When they were full of citizens, you know, we probably do business that way too. They do whack them, you know, they do what they do. I got to tell you one thing, though. It's a rare treat that I'm able to listen to your show. I just haven't been driving today. And I'm, I'm this so bad listening to you on hockey. I think you're the absolute authority on hockey. And you got to go. You can't talk about hockey. You know, it's interesting. It's like the gambling shows they keep doing on this station. And it's a tune out. You know, I want to get another show. I want you to do a pre-game show. No, what's it? We're talking about, come on, a little bit more Neil hockey. No, what we need here. No. I mean, nobody's talking about need of my hair, who I can't stand. Yeah, yeah, let me do my show. I'm going around. Hey, you're getting into the room. Yeah, but you want to do the room. You want to know why? Tell me. I don't really suck up. Stop. Stop. Have a contract renewal. These guys are weird. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. All of a sudden, guys have been floating their way through. Floaters. All of a sudden, they play in grade. Oh, it's contracting your time, man. I've been trying to figure out that. I thought I had something to do with my one thing, they could know on the other side. I know nothing. You know, nothing. You kidding me. It's contracting. I have a little fun of a guy. But you know, something, if that's what it takes, we'll take it. He played good last night. Well, he played great last two games. I don't think I think you missed the last game, huh? Right. But yeah, I played last night. You were sick, and I thought, yeah, you played a little bit more. Lyrly. I know you feel about that. But it was for the one, and I wanted to go home and sketch the end of the leave scheme, which I did. Yeah, I got home, and one of the other comments, the acting side you helped me with that. But I went off the day and my wheelchair went up so high, and I went to the game last night. I had a drink. I got home, and my sugar's like 350 and then, you know, I'm all racked out. Oh, that's why I'm driving this morning for that to go to the doctor. So, now I got to go back in the day and stick with it, you know, you know, just don't do it. Think about doing a hockey show, because I mean, you really get the best of no. Yeah. I'll talk about it. No. Thank you. Am I going to think about it? No. No hockey shows. Maybe we'll have room around here. No, no. Oh, God. Oh, by the way, my friend, I better not say this on here. He'll my good friend, Ron, from Philadelphia, who's a big flyer and panther fan. I give this to that big check for said about over here. He came to me at the game last night. He said, I don't want you to, you know, get, you know, take this the wrong way. But that hockey show that Rimmer does on Sunday night, he said, it's the worst show he's ever heard in his life. I'm sure that that'll get back to Rimmer if he's not listening right now. I'm not saying that because I've never heard it. It's past my bedtime. Am I going to stay up to here then? No, no. I'm just quoting one guy says it's the worst show he has ever heard in his life. That's what he said. And it's a good guy too. I'm not saying because he said it, that makes it so. Because I know how Rimmer gets very up tight about these things. Oh, I'm sure at least Rimmer got the cane stew. It's an in my last night. Anyway, it's a nine minutes after 11 at five, 60 QAN. I think you got a guy who's so easy. My short cut. It hit. It's two things on the door. Daddy, your loser. It's two things on the door. It's two things on the door. Daddy, your loser. It's two things on the door. I want back to him and my pants. Back to the door. All of it's short. I think mommy cheap's on you. It must be. It's a window by my style, takes aren't they? Striped male and myora leaves here. Daddy I'm going onto a good job. You deserve a call of giving more But if I could say that now Daddy, you smell it here Sweet, sweet, sweet I'm dropping out of high school Just looking like a mama A little more everyday Daddy, I'm pregnant One bar one I don't know who the father of A human maker From ribbon bands heard Ask the turn chick I drove the car into a tree Can you just send me some cigarettes But if I kiss him, that's not Hang out by the door for the brightening world You change your name today Dad, I'm getting married again You make a promise And I'll give her away Dad, that's my ass Standing in the bride room Just staring I think I have a simple ass Has anyone on the bacon And I said I'm not you No, I've got a ladder go But I'll roll away Hey pop, we're moving in And butterfly kiss Dad, I have news I'm a lesbian It's 11155 cc Look at this, a little food And all of a sudden I sound really bad Not actually, I want better, worse, what better Better, how you like that? I told you if I ate Thanks to our good friends at the macaroni grill By the way, for a spectacular lunch today Got nice Caesar salad Got some veal parmesan Which I guess they gave to you but I'll take it thank you And it's good, it's great And you got some salmon in there Well, I'm just curious, I didn't tell him I don't eat fish You know, curious, sirner The people in macaroni grill are great Gary, sirner, and you know Because he keeps kosher And then we got some Italian sausage You'll be here, we got some buffalo mozzarella with tomatoes And a big bottle of aquaponna From Italy, thank you guys Love the macaroni grill And guys, what? They did bring that's farce And here to stand on the table in single man river Which I appreciate, I forgot that Oh, I'm sorry, next time Okay, we got two 300 open lines here today 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line We had one woman called the Ayes, she was from 4Mirers Very nice lady, we didn't hear they don't care about me anymore No remedies, no concern Just don't care Uncarrying, unfeeling, cold, hostile, hateful place Welcome In fact, there's a great article here today Which I would read if I had the voice but I won't From a 13 year old young lady In a son sentinel Jenny Lopez, on the commentary section on the local author Jenny's a student at Dry Food School of Arts and West Palm Beach She just can't stand it here 13 years old And she can't wait to get out of Florida How do you like that nice going Jenny? Oh, yeah I'm going to save this for when I have my voice back 13 year old girl Saving up her pennies, her shekels To get out of Florida Nice move, honey Here's Miami, hello New, yes sir Good morning to you First of all Let me say this from a 30 year old young black male And there's a lot of us out there listening Could you feel keep up the good work? Yes sir First of all Have you read KELPOP on this series With the Miami International Airport? Yes, I have I'm not a Harold fan, but I'm going to give them that do on there Absolutely, correct sir This is the first thing they've done in about 50 years This is a great series I just called it because I want you to look at One section, one paragraph, or a 14-8 Where this is exactly how business is done in Miami, Day Capital With the Nellus with a commissioner, he'll then The cost of the land Yeah And some former Haylia Company A Mando La Casa And her virtual extra Maria Uh-huh They go straight into the straight to the commission Well, I'll read this, okay When a local business man wanted to put in popcorn cards in 1996 into the airport Airports staffer is more particularly interested At least not until two political pals of Mayor Alex Pinga and commissioner Natasha Milan, Mian, former Miami commissioner Armando La Casa and former Haylia Council President From on Interbedia, I'll share the deal straight into the county manager's office Out kind of welcome that Then County manager Armando Vidal Ordered Aviation Director Gary to the Lampum to consider one year permit for the cards They were in the terminal seven months later No bid required How do you like that huh? popcorn cards This is exactly how business is done in day county And this is you had a previous caller that said it was a co-wrote Banana Republic Absolutely correct That's worse than that Yes, corrupt corrupt banana Republic I say it's a corrupt corrupt goddamn corrupt banana Republic I do like that anyway I say it's a goddamn corrupt I agree with you, but anyway I try to roll around to different health folks And Miami and the National is the worst Are you can't even get a decent meal That's right That's right The Guadaluer and New York The police in this country is JFK That's the that airports of toilet Go go to the Guadaluer You can even like when you fire at least you can get a brand name hamburger This is ridiculous Anyway for your voice Thanks for all of you get from wrong And put it in some tea Get a little bit of cinnamon And some fun in your life And I guarantee you your larynxitis will be cleared up Okay, keep out the good work Thanks a lot honey I mean thanks to the law Get the honey tune Yeah For the honey 560560 Oh, yeah the food is helping a lot You know what? I can't believe it Isn't that strange? I mean the tea helps a little bit But the food I think maybe the food is pushing the mucus through there You think that's it? No, I'll sound good Just keep eating Just keep eating Just keep eating Just keep eating Just keep eating And pretty soon you took it Look like fat boy Do you see him while on the run here this morning? But that's not long for the world folks Here's a mobile in Miami Hello Yes sir Welcome to you How are you? Okay, I'm hanging out holding my own Well, I'll come in I just want to comment on my business owner About two blocks away from the Miami airport And last week when we had a so-called hurricane come through You couldn't find one police officer With helping with traffic At the plate night there Get on the palm meadow Cars cut me off 18 wheelers cut me off Not one police officer Yeah And probably two busy right in tickets to illegally park people inside the airport Right, and then of course Get on i75 clear Police are out there Get into Broward no problem Yeah The only thing I want to say is that If there's and I The business is in Miami Springs The storm trip is there He stopped short of a or go through a little red light You got eight police officers And they're fresh get a take out of your car But anytime for emergencies There's never a police to be found day counting Good luck pal All right, you'll need a better Okay, I feel like that he's pissed at the park 560560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line I think my voice is making a little bit of a comeback That's spectacular I bet you buy tomorrow's going to be great Or a tour guide you'll be here One of the other well So one of the other I mean I could have stayed home today What I've been out of line staying home today with this voice I don't think so I probably would have been smart Here's Miami hello Miami Am I? It sounds just like you I don't know you're telling me same Miami I think it's me Well, so you know how do you like Dan? Listen, I was listening to the armature on that 40 this morning The one Yeah, I don't know it was first day on the department show on that 40 You right after the written side The heartman show Yes, I don't know who the guest name Oh, Phil Hartman, yeah Not so hardman Anyway The brightening of the scene He cut to the chase Yeah, they had the program director on from the book Daniel show Uh-huh And for what I gather I wasn't you know Listen, get clearly because I have to listen to you come on Are you sure? Yeah But I think they suspended book Daniel also Uh-huh That's what I got it Uh-huh Well, that's the show to find out I'll get you that Yeah Anyway, you're going to have a good day and I hope you wish it's better And thank you so much Okay, so that Phil Hartman show I guess they got the real story about that, huh? See, I don't understand that I don't get it But nevertheless Five six seven Five six Five six Five six the on the 18 T. While was lying She's you're getting a lot of publicity for her eight listeners I'll tell you that I mean, she has taken the Rick and Suds after an audience that they had built up on that station Which was the only thing they had And driven it to such a level That you have to you have to have the greatest eyesight in history To see that number it is so close to the big old And based on the letting the era of that low up dollar hers That's probably as close to the big girl she's going to come for a long time By the way speaking that when is the summer book coming out do you know which status Gotta be very soon No, no look in the next month It's gotta be sometime in October very very soon I bet you she's even closer to the big This time that she was last time. I mean way I might be about a point four I would predict 2554 persons point four that's my prediction for the ball and bro That working bitch Here's some rise hello Yes sir I'm sorry Don't be sorry I was just ironic I was at the airport this weekend for the first time in some ten years And I was there for a half an hour and got charged four dollars for parking Right for a lot of adults 75 cents Right I was just you know just add to the fire fuel the fire here And it's discussion on the airport You know when I go away for the weekend I park you know at the airport And they charge you ten bucks a day but if you park like for a couple of hours Beyond like say two days and they charge you for another full day So it's ten dollars a day so if you park like for two days and two hours it's thirty bucks Absolutely, ridiculous I find people people who commit armed robbery are doing less offenses than they do it over there And we're going on a trip in December and I've got to go to Miami because it's over season And I said and I just told my wife said I do not want to go through Miami But unfortunately we have to take a limo What we are we are we are you better see for to take a limo than a parking at place Thanks for your time. Okay Five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty I mean you know I mean I go out on my meter national all the time like I said I mean a million times Have no problem finding a parking space most of the time so I'm not one of those people looking to belly it about it But As I've told you before most of the terminals there are like tenth world countries Especially the American airline terminals but anabote every the whole operation there Terminal is it G Yeah, it's G Like your Canada they know how to do it right a air Canada my good friends over there they're great And in terminals G for whatever reason there's not those banana boat people there's not that kind of atmosphere It's not like you just left the god in the USA But in terminal be I believe it is in C and H oh Whew forget it And no matter which terminal you're in it's terminal because there is no food and and by the way you know that Kazolee's pizza that that's kind of a concession that's not really Kazolee's pizza because always is pretty good if they get in the oil change You're about every six months But that's like you know what it's like exactly 11 27 at five sixty Q a m This is when you got to get all this one I got to all this is five six feet now You way out My name is my name is back them My name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is My name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is Hi kids y'all like cutting little fingers that's a little sound that comes right out you think I want a copy of me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about Google my brain's all gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which device for what I'm going to fart on You're not the drag ass you old man you pass to yeah, no, what do I tell us then you look well It's age 12 it seems like I always smell like rip and gas isn't just pretty swell I got this off when I took my jeans off and thought it's so hard and you're my look what's backwards like Chris Crow And every night I'm like oh dinner that's one of my ass passes and I'm fat they chew and you fat smell this honey Oh, I don't give a fuck God said me to think the world up my aim it my aim it My aim it my aim it my aim it my aim it I can see you want to meet kids out back in july high. The problem was some problem I asked And I shot him in the face with my baby the worst happened later when I covered his desk with use toilet paper The walking is trickler my chances will feel the most about ten is took a dump in a kid girl When over to a dad to head a fucking agar she lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father I did not send my life I was lied to I just found out my mom got all get to know I told her I forgot to be a famous rapper they corrected about strange noise made on the crap You know you would dirt when the women rush leave try to hold it back but you must need to relieve The sky white dad was pretty cool, but I had to go go drop the kids off and move my aim it my aim it my aim it My aim it my aim it my aim it my aim it my aim it my aim it my aim it my aim it What I said is five six you got to be clear I'm happy out of college there with the deeper and the cap And I'm going to have a desperate jamblin show as I can't believe it Then we got Hank with B.O. at five more gambling at her at Koon Hotline at six o'clock Kansas City chiefs at the Baltimore Ravens third unit NFL football So like a desperate game to mean here's a fact that says the best remedy for your throat is to boil some Gondja tea and drink it cup in a few seconds your voice will be as clear as a bell take it for me. I'm a Jamaican woman Yeah, man is what it says. Oh, you know if it works. Okay. Yeah, he did up in that bomb bring it to a full boil To a rolling boil. Okay, we got two 300 oh for lines here again this morning See I never sure to send my voice was coming back. That was a bad move 560560 pound five 60 on the 18 T. R. This line here's this morning's standings in the National hockey league in the Harold Pacific Division of the Western Conference San Jose in first place with 14 points Phoenix in second place with ten points Dallas in third place with 11 points So the Harold would tell you that ten is more than 11 and To verify what had to find gentlemen called before about here it is panther stats Ray Whitney three goals five assists 11 points Victor Coslov three goals four points four four assists 10 points Robert Staila three goals four assists 10 points. You know, it's What's the point, you know, what's the point? What's the use? There's a bunch of ten year old children and like I said the 55 part series on the airport the investigative the expose is great But other than that, I wouldn't like my ass. I wouldn't like your ass with it 56050560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line here's Hollywood hello Hollywood Oh, yeah, sir. Oh, I just want to say it's a great show. No, but I and I got a good round How many for you, Ruth? Up the ass How do I know that as soon as I heard that the grizzled old horse? Okay, one call after the more that said then we'll place a music get that guy calm down a little bit 5605050 pound five 60 on the 18 T and T wireless line But thank God he listens religiously every day. He's probably dawning now. He's probably going to worry pre-hug often You don't even know what it means. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir You can get the airport for 20 bucks from your house. I know you're pardon. What you do is go have somebody run you over the portload of air port Rent a car and keep this one twenty dollars a day drive it down there park it turn it in Turn it in when you get back have another ready for you drive it home. Have to take it back over for waterdale. Oh, yes That sounds practical to me. Yeah, it's like 20 bucks by the way the other thing on the airport situation We didn't have that when big duty was run. Yeah Yeah, but he wants a guy named Judy running the airport. That's the problem Theemic in the sense you when he just said no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line 1600 open line tier no waiting Here's a mobile in adventurer hello Okay, like I said here's a mobile in Delray Beach, yellow Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I haven't had the opportunity to listen to you in a while It's an old-time listener and fortunately enough have a truck that has the A and dial in it right now that I can have access to All right, but it sure is a pleasure here again. I wanted to say a few quick things I think get the calling yesterday on the subject of some of the political people at the shame that people like just even Tour when they speak their mind Like most of us would like to hear people politicians do for a change if they get ridiculed and shunned for it Yeah, because I'm is popular already waiting dropped from 73% before the playboy interview and now it's not a 54% Drop any points because he had the balls to tell a truth. Yeah, I'd rather have a politician at life to make thank you Anyway, and along with the football Going on this here, I know that Hank and some of the other people talking about the media The other people are not going to be in the same place as the other people who are not going to be in the same place The other people are not going to be in the same place as the other people who are not going to be in the same place I think it's true, but I find it funny that even though they say that's happening that they can say someone has a harder schedule than somebody else I just request something from the old vault that you still have it on if you have it for my ID days, but your mom for anyone who doesn't like people speaking their mind in politics Thanks, I have a great day Do we only have that back there on that card? Like an air pass, yeah, I don't know. Oh, it's the card is there. How come it's not in here? I don't know. Oh my god, I've heard that in a dog cruise age 560 pound 560 on the 18T while it's not in a standard run down. I'll read it's not even noon yet Not even noon yet. You're a team. These people wouldn't show up here today with a voice like this, but they shown up today. Oh, it's crowd now 21 till 12 at 560 WQAS Is 560 you a yeah, he'll ride you I'm a never-do, never never-do friend of mine say is my body Never never-do never never-do never never-do friend of mine say is my body This is all the family that we call the twin-stone's a car, we fade out of China's store of gold There are pages right out of history, red silver, bedding and a hunk of barney Red more soul days out after the quarry Will the hand of heaven to know the story? You have a seat on a family, a misdeeds and a great consoo It wasn't that great, it stopped the car with the three toe feet and it played the record with a bird big beak Some days may be fable when the fight and that's just a stay out for the night when the boss gets a feathers on the birds rear end He had to so-date over it just to get out to take my free of story right so it's better than the two who have a gay old child I have a two, never-do never-do never-do friend of mine say is my body never-do never-do never-do never-do friend of mine say is my body This is because you can 5-2 minutes 5-6-705-6-4300 overlions weigh down you know weighting 5-6-705-60-556-080 on the AT&T ride as well Over at Nanya, mama Here's my phone, here's our last call today, hello. Yes sir. I went to the ear for the other day in Miami, and I'm a Hispanic I feel sorry for any anglo's going to the ear for there. You also the people that worked or did not speak English I didn't understand when I came over to this country you were taught to learn the language there was no pre-all I think I think that's the answer, just leave it. Just get out. Good talking to you now. Thanks, pal. 5-6-705-60, how 5-6-080-18-P-Royal is found. Thanks again for our last Macaron as well. It was really unusual. Here's a lovely Miami Beach, hello. Yes sir. My friend and grower says, from the town of Lain Road to the South Pole, there's not a government worth a damn. Work and government over on the beach, the Jewish commissioners made a decision to hire a Cuban manager on stage and it just opened the flood gates. There's nothing but... As soon as you get one of them in there, boy it's all over. Friends, relatives and lovers, girlfriends. These people don't come in and come in and wait until they come and tell you, it's not your socks off. Okay, how's the key to the movie, this is Omega? Those Jews had to let the one in. Well, you know the Jews, they always left the first start to written a neighborhood just to be wise guys, and then everybody else has to flee. 5-6-705-60, 5-6-60, on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Jupiter, hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm worried about that other planet. Anyway, just like to say, you're a pinkest socks. That's number one. Number two, like, let me ask you this, how long, and you would you live? Oh, I live in Broward. I grew up in the AT&T County. Okay. We're a pinkable rose, and I want to say this, just be the body of a Torah. How do you know I'm one of this guy? It wants to keep everybody on our bed. He's a pro-choice. He's a physical conservative that's cut-tracked. He's a criminalized marijuana. He wants to live everybody alone. Right. A standarding jackass, a market saw, a wide tool, and so on. Or a pandemic. A pandemic jackass, some Texas one of the other. Yeah. And, you know, I got to get through those just for Sam, what he bought. And there you go. That's a prank. You can't tell the American public the truth because at least half of them obviously can't deal with it. Absolutely. Okay. God bless us all, sir. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless One. Here's Neil just barely able to speak. Just peaked it out a few words today. Megan for calls. Megan shamelessly. Did the not slanting lady call? No. Same old tired routine. God, it's so predictable down here. Just a wasteland, but they slept out there to see Ben Middler in the middle of her hurricane. Nice going. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yes, sir. Okay. I'm a gringo and I live in Dave County. And I like it. You're all these people about, oh, I'm so glad I got out of Dave County. I'm glad I got out of Dave County. Every time I go to Broward County, I feel like I'm watching reruns of the Duke's of hazard. All right. Well, you must hang out in Davey then. Well, you can, you can find somebody not to like wherever you go. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. What is you like about Dave County? Like what's happened to it? Well, I don't think it's anything worse than what's going on in Broward. I don't understand. Any other things we've talked about like when you go to for, oh, any hangs up. He hangs up. You know what I think? He's an asshole. Yeah. I'm not much. A lot of people die in old people. But you know, something if I have to choose between that and all the chaos. All the rampant political corruption payoffs and all the psychosis and all the writing in the blocking of the streets and the demonstrations and the taking away of people's rights. And, you know, just like the thing with his Latin Grammys thing. Oh, can't be if the American Airlines Arena because we're going to have Cuban performers there. Bruce Rogo says, by the way, Of course he's a liberal, you know. He's one of those Jews like me. What else you are? Why do I do it? Why am I going to? I don't even know what the only good word is. Well, anyway, he's a, well, here it is. I hear in front of me. He says, Telling an organization that can't use a public facility because he wants to present Cubans is probably illegal. Says Bruce Rogo, who won free speech cases representing the Cuban museum and the rappers to live crew. The county's policy is absurd on the first amendment issue. He said, they're getting into the censorship business. Wow, what a concept, huh? There's something new for you. They're getting into censorship business. Like that's a bulletin bruised. Like that's something new. Speaking of the airport, anybody remember the cigar office, you know, magazines that that bitch out there at the airport didn't like. I just arbitrarily pulled off the shelves and pull a force that devoted back. Wasn't too happy with the story about Fidel on today's Cuba in there. So therefore, she just went and dot yank it out. There is absolutely positively no understanding of America of the first amendment of any kind of freedom in the country. It is a total absolute freaking banana republic period. And for you to call her sir and then of course hang up and run away because you know I'm going to confront you with a reality. And you can't deal with it because you are coward. They probably can't afford to get out of Dave County. We're talking, I can understand that, but at least be honest enough to tell us that don't pretend how great it is. And our broder is like the dukes of hazard. I like John Snyder, okay? Better when he was younger, I like them a lot better. What's wrong with John Snyder? I ran the liver to the bunch of horses, where instead of where there's a bunch of horses, that's how did I write now? You jackass, you simple to you, you loser. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami? Yeah, sir. I need to sir. I do good. I do anybody I can. I drive all day long. I don't really have any places to sell for them. You can't get directions for people out of street. Yeah. No, say abling, please not keep, pal. Don't even bother anymore. You get lost. You know, you get turned around with these streets and I leave impossible. I don't even ask any more. Only the street names have been changed to protect the guilty that is correct. The only place in America with the streets have 47 different names. Absolutely correct, sir. It's right. I used to live in Highly years ago. I couldn't find my way home because I couldn't understand a street sign. It's right. I'm going home from the beach. I mean, it's the one thing I got out of home. That's all the symbols about the Phil Henry. I never heard him before until you mentioned him. I turn him off from night to ten. I can't stand him. I can't stand him. I don't know. We have to look out with all the personality. I don't hear it. I don't get it. You're the first, well, the other guy who didn't even know who he was called. You're like the second caller that I've had since he's come back on the air. I don't even know what the heck he's doing. Well, there was a very talented guy. But once you're under his act, once you know the routine, it gets very pondressing. I can't really tell you funny guy about once you've been 10 days. I don't know what he's doing. I mean, it's far as all the premises concern. He's accountable for the breakdown that of the customer. It's a point of view where he's at the hockey game anywhere else. I haven't had one person say to me, G. It's really entertaining and glad he's back. What are I having heard he counted about it. It's probably the best kept secret in history. I've never heard him before until you spoke about him. I hear all your calls. It's great. So I want to listen. Waiting for you. Might defend. I can't stand him. I ran the Justin to the nose. There you go. God bless you, sir. the AT&T wireless line. Jigs McDonald's gonna be reading hockey scores from noon to two because you people are such a bunch of deadheads today. Let's bring Jigs in here and see if we can get the first score right okay? You know Jigs McDonald's? Here's a chance for Bill Stewart taking the puck locked in a goal. He scores! Bill Stewart, Sam Stewart that's given the pattern a four one way. Thank you Jigs. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, or David, where were they? Hello. Oh, it's so expensive hazard convent, yes sir. Two things Neil, when you were born in Rochester? Yes. I'm born in Buffalo, did you use the watch, the Rochester team in the International Hotting League? No, I watch the Rochester team in the American Hotting League, the Amherst. Oh, Amherst. But I thought they played better than somebody's things in the NHL today. Yeah. I thought it was wrong, but that's beside the point. I see these guys trying to pass and they're sick play. You think it's so sloppy because the huge curve on the sticks that... You think what's so sloppy? Well, they got a pass, but once we're another in the puck, keep bouncing off and they see some of these sticks they have that look like a belletter. See, how are you going to pass and everything would such a curve stick as sort of a straighter one? Yeah, I prefer it not quite so straight myself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5. If you're over the age of 100, we don't want to talk to you. We wish you all a luck in the world. We congratulate you for your longevity and your great genes and whatever else get out of here. I don't talk to you all far. Okay? Ever. Where's the women? Where's the freaking women here today? Here's a lady in Heaven's shirt, hello? Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I don't really have much to say. I just want to say that I live in Heaven's shirt. Even though it's a North State county, I enjoy it. Yeah. I rather live there than David or Plantations. You'd rather you'd rather live in Heaven's shirt than Plantations? Yes. Oh my god. I'm from New York and I think it's more. Oh, you like all of New Yorkers? They're all the old New York chooses at it. Well, it's a young community now and you've got... And, Chris, I don't hang out there much, I don't know. Yeah, it's very nice. Okay, there was speaks English. Yeah, everyone speaks English. Oh, good. That's good. Maybe I'll move to Heaven's shirt. How's that? That's good. Okay. That nice apartment. Okay, oh, apartments. You don't have a house? I can't have a house. No. Can't have two dogs in a townhouse. No. What's the long-for-good house for me, okay? Okay. Okay, thanks. Okay, four minutes till noon, what are you laughing about? What's wrong with Abbot Turret? That's the new RT-Farcy. That's the place to be now, especially if you got a lot of money. You got the big bucks like me. You moved Abbot Turret, okay? Keep the going amount. This is 560. No offense, football. You sports radio, 560. You a-a-a. W-t-u-a-m. My family, you are my dad. Premium beer. You've down a red dog. You've tugged a red wolf. Now, open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock. Red cock, Spomie head will lead you for Atlas. Red cock goes down easy, and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't eat a red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. Probably 2 at 560 WQM. The voice is coming back good now. You want me to wipe his yoke, I'll tell you which is kind of an up to bring in these nice little heart candies. That they're pretty good. Yeah, macaroni grubberatamin. And of course, you didn't bother telling me that they were there. You know what I was going to know you weren't. You saw what? These are great. When you got a bad problem like this, when your throat is all messed up like that, you got something hard to suck on. And this is doing the trick for the moment. God, like a magic. Do you hear the difference? Or maybe it was lunch. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Okay sir. Hey, last night I was watching this door special in television. Yeah. And they showed the deal with what that? You see, still dead? Yeah, last time I checked. They showed the deal down on Miami. Where he took it out? Where he was. He was keen as to. And apparently censorship was going on back there in the 60s. And it just continues right on today in the same mode. What do you mean by that? Well, what do you mean by that? Well, I mean, they're censoring this Cuban band. And they're allowing these protesters to have people coming in and out. Well, how do you compare that with ripping out your penis and on stage in a concert? You see, is there some kind of a right to do that in the Constitution? No, absolutely not. It's not even for a show like the 69th Amendment. No, but you, I don't know if you remember the time when we saw the T-slash and I But basically 20 different states banned the band. No, yeah. Because the different things that were going on at their shows, it didn't know anything to do with nudity. I heard Elvis Presley as benign as he was, his music was banned a lot at 100 stations. Absolutely. That's the whole point. This was nothing new. It's just sad that it's still continuing. Yeah. The other thing is, why is it when people live up north and they have a big snowstorm? They get out of work, they get out of school, they get off everything. Yeah. We have a friggin tropical storm coming here and they don't even close down the school. Well, you know, on the front page of one of the papers, I guess it's the hardest morning. Four casters, urging employer flexibility when her can join anywhere near. And this Max Mayfield, this old part that that be directed at National Hurricane Center. He says, how in the world could people hear what we were saying, see that huge area of rain coming at us and not take action. As if it's a, and now it's the people's call. We're stupid and they gave us adequate warning, which they did not. They did not. Absolutely not. The only reason I think they didn't is because we're Floyd, they made a big uproar and then storm turned and missed us and everybody was all pissed, including me. That we borderbed our house and all this and it never comes. But now they're next to storm comes. We're just going to blow it off. But now because they blew it two times in a row, they had no credibility. So even with this Jose thing, which they insist is going to go do north because of the cold front that's coming out. Everybody is still on pins and needles watching because they have no credibility, nobody believes them. Best thing to do is just send everybody outside the day to storm. The best thing to do is keep your eye on it. Absolutely. I'm a storm kid. Right. Thanks Neil. Can have a great day. Keep your thumb on it and keep your eye on it baby. And you'll be okay. Little lesson for all your kids out there, keep your eye on it. That's what Columbus said. Five out say Sammy Davis. But they don't know who that is. Five six yet. Five six. Five six. Count five six. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You know how you doing? Pretty good sir. I want to respond to that dumb bitch that calls you callers ago. From Avintura. Oh yeah. Let me tell you why day counting sucks. Okay. There's no there's a huge disparity between the wealth. Either like day counting if you're really, really rich because there's hardly a middle class. Now she lives in Avintura while the goddamn wealthy people live. What's the big deal about that? Yeah. She's loving all the Jews are there. Right. It's nice. Oh. You want to see Jews let her come to sunrise. Well, we got more Jews in sunrise lakes than Chilevercy in Avintura. You can go ahead. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. Sure. I mean, brown county. You know what it's not the greatest county in the world. But you know there's a middle class. You're not to be the richest person in the enjoy life. The county based as far as the world is concerned, brown county is a toilet. But as far as how Florida is concerned, brown county is paradise. Here's a dumb bitch. Yeah. Bye. Thank you. By the way, what are we going to do about all these goddamn handicapped parking spots? No, I never talk about this because I don't want to sound insensitive. I've talked about it maybe once before. I'm so sick and goddamn tired of looking for a parking spot, either at the airport or in a parking lot. So I'm like my veterinarian is with oh, by the way, thanks doctor, where is tiny doing great. No, she's good doctor, why is there a central park animal clinic? Very good. Although she's a little bit high for you. I think you used to. You know, and a little bit hysterical. If you dog starts, it smells like cancer. But, but, you know, she's very thorough and she's very good. But that particular, that isn't that called the Promenade Chops. Clear Reanob Hill for that public. And that bank that used to be there. Oh, yeah. It's not there anymore, but anyway. Rhymes with Haitians bank. But it didn't rates for my veterinarian is over there and it's try to find a parking spot in that place. Impossible. And every time I go there, when I have to take my dogs over there, which I got isn't too often. But, uh, they got these big wide handicraft parkants, but it's never anybody in them. Not even people with phony handicaps, stickers like, you know, like that, you know. You go to the airport. You go up and down. You're looking for a parking spot at MIA all over the place. And you see these big huge open spaces. On the end of almost every row, they've got one for people with, um, stores. They're green. You see little green signs? Take your goddamn stores and, yeah. Like what gives them the right because they got a little punky kid with a straw. Oh, we got a special spot here for you right on the end. I would say 99% of people like on babies that young that they got a straw in the car. They're young people. They're young parents. They're strong. They're healthy. They got plenty of energy. We did all right without those things. A dot ring old fart like me. A fat old bag like me that don't want to walk 60 miles to the goddamn thing near to the terminal. Your ankles might just look great. That's right. But the handicap park in spot millions and millions. They must think that everybody's a gem. They must believe that. And you know something? They're always empty. 99%. And of course, that's the law you understand. The hand that cripplobe, they got to go this single and hearing Florida. And they forced them to make all these billions of handicap park in spaces that they don't need. So how do we get ourselves a fake handicap? Let's go talk to watch your name. Didn't fight rich have a... I think it's a good time for break now. Why do you hate so many people? Why do you hate that man? Why do you hate him? Why do you hate the real fight? Remember a set of benign guy. You know, he wants you to get to know him. He's a... He never stole a meal in Vegas. Yeah. I don't know if I'd rich. And now you're lumping him in with rumors. So I told you you hate him. 9 minutes past noted QAM. This is 5.6V. QAM. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Yeah. I want to... The Indian government. And the tax... And the tax... And the tax... And the tax... Oh! I don't know if I'd put my bag down. 14 shibis on the jet. I'll drink that dinner. Never get full. Oh, they love home. That's a tractor full. Plans all home. Everything's a buzz. Standard eat. Come on. When I'm married, my cousin. I was the half of wedding. That's a bonus. That's a drop last night. Almost half. That's the... That's our needle. My double. We were... The names of the old and a John deer. And... 16. And 13. And... Four and two. With me. And I get so much... A whole... And I'm always... A whole bunch of... A whole bunch of... A tiny, tiny, small box. And even 40 miles. And I still get the amount of stuff I've got to tell. I tell, okay. In my opinion, forward. To read them signs, bandie of course. I hate them signs. They make me nurses. No shoes, no shirt, no service. I love my idols. They chill, chill. Richard, pedi, and big, far-fledged. Oh, wow. My bumper is a little... And I... Like, there's junior park for others with them. You see that's what all boils down. Everybody over the red-mouthed students. And the first is we said for years on a show, well, it's a different... 15 to 5. 60, got me to kill him. What is it? The X, the Ascento. 5.60, 50, 50. 50, 50, 50. On the AT&T, wireless line. And I'm worried about the flavor of the... Yeah, the gas. I don't think Redneck's eat all those beans, you know? Can you be mean? They'd beans. Here's a mobile in Carroll City. Cooper City. Some city, hello. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. First off on one time, let's see the first time caller. All right. Two things to say. First off, to George about what we can thought's growing so great. Yeah. On married to one, she smells great, and she tastes even better. How do you like that? I love it. He just tastes Puerto Ricansio. He doesn't want to remitting the Hatesham. Yes, he has a militant little cube in the professional cube, and that's all. Well, I think you have a trial, little. He probably do. Another thing. As far as you're ongoing, each is about... We have no rights in this country. Yes? You're absolutely right. Speaking of experience, I am a 50 year old Jewish guy. All the way, who happened to have gotten caught in the conspiracy, staying involving a little matter of one and the government managed to take away everything I owned, including my business, my desires. Isn't I lovely? And everything else, and proceeded to understand little back to me. Have you ever maybe wholesale? No, they didn't want wholesale. They wanted retail. So this is a type of thing that's going on, and I don't know how it's ever been to stop. I also agree with you about, I've traveled about everywhere there is in the world. And this country is about the least livable place there is for civilized people. I mean, I mean, I'm not talking about... You know, I'm talking about China. We're not talking about the Middle East and about people. We don't have to walk around with veils over their heads. But I'm about countries, but other than that, I would agree with this. Not what people think it is. And still, Henry had me fifted into my pants, because I rolled down the roads when he was on after you. I used to crack up, and I don't know why people don't see that. He's actually some people that have been calling in. Yeah. I just think that he was one of the best things that have been sort of you. Okay. Well, he wrote it on that. That's what he says. Okay. And that's what I have to say, and thanks for being on the earth. And have a great day. Thank you. Okay. So what do you say? There's no toilet against her. Don't do it again. Go away. Go away. Maybe it's the wicked weed. That's the problem in America. The wicked weed. I think if we had more people smoking pot right now, including all those DEAs. Oh, they are. I'm sorry. All those assholes. We've probably met a lot. In fact, if we had more kids smoking pot, they probably wouldn't be going around. Blown each friends up. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound. But you see people are so easily manipulated, you know? And just even through it comes along and tells you the God damn truth and right away. Boom overnight drops 20 points in the popularity ratings in his own state. Because he had the audacity to tell people the truth that they're weak and stupid. I mean, what's wrong with that? Doesn't make you a bad person? You can be the nicest person in the world and be weak and stupid. Over the years, we've met a lot of people who fall in that category. They were like bad people. It's thought that I was stubborn. Yeah, there you go. That's a good example. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'd like to respond on that schmuck who called it as called himself a Gringo from Dave County. Yeah. The coward who hung up on you. Let me tell you something. That guy doesn't know his ass from his elbow. I've got to make it. Yeah. I've lived in Dave County for about three years and I'm already ready to get the hell out of here. I just wanted to let you rest, Trump, which was the best meal in my life. You know why? Because everybody spoke English. I want to another restaurant, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, Yeah. Exactly. The other, not what's another restaurant ordered a vodka tonic. The stupid dumbass brought me out of bugwashing. That's close. All right. So like, that's her sparmam that schmuck who hung up on you. If you had any balls, he'd moved the Broward County. We know we don't want to man. We don't want to. Yeah. He's mass car patching 100,000. He's probably a Marlin fan for Christ's sake. We'll give you a passport, but he's, he's out. That's what he's got. That's what he's got. Exactly. And also, also that Broward who caught for Madness Tor, you don't have a phone number there. Five-sick no George H. though. Five-sick, seven-old five-sick, the pound-five-sistee on the AT&T Ruyless line. That's why we don't get too many lady colors. We'll get on the ear. We have a million lady colors who call, but when George starts asking a lot of personal questions, and it gets to the phone number part, they might just be disappeared. We have millions and millions of female colors. They just never get to me. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're other make a best of taste of all those little bitty she have, and donate the profits to the saved Miami airport fund. Uh-huh. I should have a call about that. I think what the money I paid for parking last ten years there, I think they should be in pretty good shape. I've given a few dollars myself. I was calling about those articles, and it's been really good articles, but today's was a little, well, kind of missed the point a little bit about the retail mix at MIA. I mean, certainly, this business of pronyism, and people who know people getting in with businesses are certainly sucks, but the answer isn't, you know, more Disney stores, more gaps, and more McDonalds. You know, why not bring in, you know, some competitive bit local businesses. I forgot to lie through Denver a lot. And you see a lot of stores that you don't see anywhere else. I mean, what do we need another frigging Disney store at Miami airport? Well, well, I don't think that that's the point. In other words, it doesn't have to be Disney. And it doesn't even have to be McDonalds, but the point, that's just an example that they're using, that anybody who wasn't on the pan somebody off and wasn't smart in somebody somewhere doesn't get in. Oh, I agree with you. Just at the herald, you know, points to Disney being the point that they can't get in. Well, you know, there are a lot of local businesses that I'm sure would like to get in under a competitive bit price process. And those are the kind of businesses I'd like to see at MIA. So, I mean, I said they brought that up. Anyway, one thing for you to throw anything with Luke, you collect this, help that throw thing for you. Okay. All right. Thanks, take care. Okay, anybody got any of you collect this? No. No. That's the act of ingredient in all the other policies. That's true. You know something? These are doing better. I, at Hall of Mentalips, has never done squat for me. Yeah, every time I get a cool, I start sucking on the Halls mentalips and they do nothing. Now, the ones without sugar, they do something. Yeah, they make because they're loaded with cervical and make your crap your brains out. And the ones with sugar, they send your blood sugar, soaring high. So as long as I'm going to do that, I'm going to as well have these suck on these hard little candies. 560, 560, pound 560 on a 18T, why it's coming along. It's made a little comeback. I'm going to keep by tomorrow. Be home. Here's the lady in Margate. Hello. Lady in Margate. Yes, hello, Neil. Yes, man. Yes, about the stadium and the stadium. Yeah, you know, getting the money and possibly raising taxes and people don't want them. But I'm from the Rochester area. Yeah. And the codec gave the all park lot to the Rochester Red Wing. So that helps when you have a nice company giving out property. Yeah. I'm just saying, you know, probably they wouldn't do that down here. No, help our marlins. Well, what do you mean to help our marlins? I understand what you mean by that. Well, the red wings they had. You already said that. I understand that. But I don't think the red wings have a $400 million stadium. And I, and our last time I checked aren't the red wings publicly owned. I don't know exactly how much it cost, but the taxpayers had to pay for it. No, no, mama was the butt of the red wings are publicly owned now. Well, this was one of them. I'm sure that this is when they wanted their stadium. I lived as a service stadium. Yes, right. It's not silver anymore. Well, whatever it's called. Yeah, see, I'm just saying, but it's publicly owned the team. It is an owned by a private man who's worth billions of dollars who's expecting the taxpayers to build a stadium and somebody to donate him the land. The taxpayer had to pay for that stadium. Governor Cuomo was governor. Man, let me say it for the fifth time. It's a publicly owned team, I believe. The team was in big, big trouble. I remember reading years ago and it's a, they went public. They raised money by going public. And I believe it's a publicly owned team. Well, whatever they had helped getting their. Okay, thank you. Oh, I have such pain in the sides of my eyes. The bones in my face ached from that call. She must be from a long to quote. Wow. You see what I mean about the fine art of conversation. I'm not trying to be argumentative. I'm just trying to have a conversation. A little verbal. I'm not trying to be argumentative. I'm just trying to have a conversation. A little verbal intercourse. I'm not shouting because I don't have the voice to shop. I'm out screaming. I'm not yelling. I'm not carrying on. I'm just trying to have a little verbal exchange. And I'm not as well be going. A little, a little, a little, a little, a little like that. She doesn't get the point. All I can say is. I must be crazy. I must be not. Exactly. Here's key largo. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, what's that, man? How you doing, sir? I'm already frogging your throat. It's on the way out. It needs not to go there. I'm going to get there. I'll call you, start smelling like one. That lady must have been deaf. She didn't get a disease. I own it. What was it? 14 times. I tried telling her the same thing about 72 times. Yep. About those panthers. Looking good. Kids awesome. They've only got a net tender that can do something. Yeah, Trevor, kid played great last night. But he was unbelievable. He was awesome. I was hoping he wasn't hurt. I'm glad he didn't get hurt. Yeah, he got down there for a while. But he... He didn't get that shot hit him anyway. So I'm starting shot. He's making hit him right. Right. Mid chest there. I don't know. He went down like he got hit by an oozy. Yeah, thought he got shot. I thought somebody was trying to try to do in the panthers there. Not saying it went. Our goal pending is solid. We can kiss the grotto on that shot. All can hover. We can keep it up. That's... We're a... And even in there. That's right. Look how good they're playing now without him. Wait till he gets back in there. Wait till Bill's story comes back. Whoever he is. They're going to be kicking some A baby. That's right. Bill is incredible. By the way, that guy that was saying before he didn't get it. He doesn't have the brains to get it, I guess. Yeah, okay. I haven't been... I've been switching when the commercials come on you guys. I've been switching but it night fills on too. So I get to listen to you and him. There you go. So it's awesome. Good choice, man. You guys should have stuck to you guys. You guys could have stuck together. The radio big wigg would have had a bunch of money in their pocket. They just didn't get it either. They don't get it. Okay. All right, now thank you. Bye. 560560, 560 on the AT&T line. 26 past new in a QAN. I have my nose up, Neal's ass. Hi, Felicia. G'dia, I love your dress. And your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? You got it, chick. I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grew there on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's light head and shoulders. Only without all those added. It's just called, sure. Let's talk about it, girls. If you tired of your old dancers, you can't care about the status of the TV group. Yeah, yeah. No member, but I can't help you better if you get some hair. Wow. Where could I get then? Lots of places, chick. You can stop by my place later. And I'll be happy to give you this chance. In just a minute, I'll have you shampooed, siled, and blown dry. You don't miss a link. Who you? The pants down. Great. But is it expensive? Not at all, chick. I'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10. Jolly, that's that price. Everyone should be getting hair. That's right, chick. When you say head, you set a mouthful. Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Velocchio. From freedom of all industry. To the television, why you should get hit? First at lubricy, each lip hair follicle, leading an erect listening shaft, then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leading your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first. Well, I'll send you some head to bed. I can't help but go to normal light. Yeah, yeah. Will love better and you'll feel perfect. Yeah, yeah, you can get head. Go and knock these down. What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price, you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of sample. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. And Ed Mcs, a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I had never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get Gurgon's lotion and a national view of her. I'm lucky to have you all gone out of town. Can't you have a touch of my love, y'all got me. And I can't shower, you'll want out of home. Can't you have a love for me? Oh, my God. I'm so lucky to have you all gone out of town. And I can't have a baby and feel it. So, then, and I'll let you know the plot I've done. And I'll feel better than you get something. You'll feel better if you get some head. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Head shampoo. Come on. Give it a shot. No, I air looks great. You're the man. Some 54 or 560 WQM. By the way, behavior drugs, bad panel says. Remember what I was talking about over and over again? A panel of advocates told audience of parents in the Dillon High School of Caffitory When did I? The steer their children clear of Riddlein and other mood-altering drugs that they consider addictive and destructive. I didn't like that. All these kids bounce it off the walls all over America. And you wanted to lie? They're in sugar shock. That's right. So, let's give a bunch of, you know, dangerous medication. Let's give them Riddlein. But, of course, you people don't care about your kids. So, why should we mention it in the first place? 560, 705. Let me, let me again. Hat's off it at 13 year old girl. That was her name? Where is it? Jenny Lowbad's. Low-bot Low-Based. Whatever her name is. Nice, go on, Jenny. Just another day in Paradise and I want out, she says. She can't get out of soft photo fast enough because she understands this isn't a place for young people. This isn't a place for dead people. And butanabode people. And professional crooks. And of course don't forget if we get casino gambling, we'll have a lot of crying. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, good afternoon. Yes, sir. I have a few observations and then I'd like to tell you seriously why I give you a serious reason why someone artist day in date county. Yes. The observations, our national immigration policy or lack of it, has managed to change the historical makeup of this country, the ethnic social makeup of this country, altered it, considerably. And I don't remember anybody, any politician asking the citizenry whether they agreed with that fundamental change in our nation's makeup. Fundamental change of one. The ethnic makeup of the country, date county is just an example of a serious example of way out example, but nonetheless just an example. What our forefathers call it manifest destiny or call it. What are the forefathers have to deal with immigration for crying? A lot of the, most of the immigration in the first wave of it took place in the early or part of the century because of the industrial revolution. And we've got all these people to be a cheap workers. What I'm getting at is what was created by initially by conquest really or even purchase has in the past 25 years by the mindless actions of politicians who care, seem to care only for creating new block votes as fundamentally changed the makeup. Here in date county. Well, what is date county had to do with the price of peanuts. I mean, we do live here, but date county is a third and a punch bowl as far as the US is concerned. Date county is a couple million people out of about 270 million. It's actually, it's actually more to it than that. In addition, which the federal government is all but written off the county, they don't care about it anymore. So what they don't, they don't. The power goes back to the Reagan days. They don't care what goes on. Some of the things are happening in southern California, in Mexico, or America. Well, that's only because of geography. That's because the Pope keeps making all these people in Latin America reproduce millions and millions and millions of babies who can't get jobs there. And we keep pouring illegally across the border. And because like you said, this country does never serious immigration policy. And anybody can get in, they get in. Now bringing it into Miami, date or whatever you want to call this place. Yes. I've been hearing you saying, sir, what are you trying to say? I'm getting to it. Please. So sometimes today. I've been here since 1961 and watched the changes. You used to term a couple of colors ago. You said, we can stupid. Well, personally, I don't mind stupid because that's nature or some people would say, God or whatever doing that. But the arrogance that in this community is superimposed over that stupid thing is what I find intolerable, particularly because that that arrogance. And now you're going to tell us why you have to stay in the county after all of this. You're going to tell me why it's great to stay in the county. Yep. Yeah. And that is. You want me to get to that? Please. Thank you for our show, sir. I want me to get in you. Okay. I'll give you one exceptional reason why one should stay in the county. Yes. Notwithstanding. Notwithstanding the big school board member. Don't give me notwithstanding. Get to the meat of the matter. Get to it. The meat of the. The meat of the. The meat of the. The meat is the. Give me the meat. In the. In the. There are schools called. Magnet school. Yes. They're at the elementary middle and high school level. Yes. For example, they also have Magnet schools and brown county. Indeed. However, there is no. There is no international magnet program in Broward County, for example. Children in the county pream providing a qualify. It's not it's not broad brush. Can be educated in French in German and in actual Spanish. Yes, with the curriculum, the teachers. Yes, et cetera, et cetera coming from those countries. Yes. And when they graduate. They get not only a high school diploma, people who are calling that are moving out of a day county day, they don't care about it either. But I'm, but that is the only. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Why do I do that every now and then? I just, you know, I want to be nice. I want to go because people say you hang up on everybody. I want to listen because he pretend he's got something to say. Didn't he have anything to say anything? No. No. We side they jaded for. No. Nope. No. It's an adult. No, no. It's an adult. No, no. It's an adult. ministries plans. It's your son's own genius, is it? I brought a music out like a tuna fish. It's gonna be a big role in love, is it, right? You can play by the spell if you tell where it's at. Hey, girl! Hey, girl! Hey, girl! You're the same, that can't go, girl! You're the same, that guy! She know how to be, for all this time. Back to the chase, to the shelter, the house. Who would need this case by the power? Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! So, how's Wilka Bryan's card doing, by the way? 13 till 11. I hate that good, though. He sends in the stuff on disk, and we don't have to see him, you know? Or give him a check. Sounds like he's going to raise him into me? Here's Miami, hello. Hey, girl! How are you doing? I'm here on the phone. I just want to throw an app when I got in the last two months. I moved in West Kendall for nine years. Oh, and now I live in Welibi. They familiar with Welibi? Well, it's in front of us. We're getting. We're not around. Open up the key in the Oakland and commercial. Oh yeah, oh. What a difference. Oh, that's a good reality. I mean, it's like it took me nine years to get my passport, because I'm an American. Right. But I finally got it. about Broward County is they accept the the only place that it's really bad is on University Drive North of sunrise because the median age is death. But other than that you can actually drive around in Broward most places and get from point A to point B and it's not like the end of the world. The reason I got out of the kindergarten out of Kendall years and years ago was that even back then Kendall Drive and sunset all of the it was so goddamn crowded you couldn't get anywhere and then of course if you did ever get east a little bit you want up on the goddamn so called Dixie Highway which is it will now it's gridlock. Right and to that also the first time in nine years I go into a place and I'll be afraid to ask a question because like get an answer. Yeah, you must not shop at the Southwestern. Well you know I'm going around up there actually my location is fantastic. You know East West I can go north south. Right in Kendall you're locked in down there. And other thing about living down in Kendall's year I mean where you're going to go you're going to go to Homestead and there's no place to go no matter where you want to go your million miles away from there. Exactly I was 20 miles from work in Kendall which took me an hour to get home right. I'm 33 miles from work and I'm home in 40 minutes. Well God really so many. It's just fantastic. Like what pressure is down I'm a different person I'm back in the US Daniel. Nice going pal. Okay God bless you. I'll pray for life. Okay. I'll talk to you tonight. I'll build Broward for you how go. Bye. I didn't direct the wine. See that's why I didn't play last night. If I would have dragged the goddamn wine and he would have been in line up. We didn't need him. Just heal up. Pavel okay and stop a BSing is two by the way. We'll call the God damn Martian Mafia on you. 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. How are we going to get some more ashes in the seats? It's special. One of the problems here. Number one it's not the season yet. I hate to say the season but this is still a horse and buggy season. Well number two the early schedule is like mostly a bunch of a half. One Detroit was here. I was out of town that weekend but when Detroit was here in which the Panthers beat by the way to the one but the matter real good crowd at night almost 19,000. On a Saturday night. But you know Vancouver I hate to break the news to you they got a pretty exciting team they got a lot of good players but nobody wants to see them and not here not in the States. Calgary tomorrow night I mean come on. I guarantee there'll be Broward being a line up tomorrow boys and girls I'll bet you $50 million that Broward being a line up tomorrow night. Of course it might be family Broward who's his younger brother plays for Calgary flames but nevertheless. Oh there's another Broward who's that? I'm sorry. I yeah. I can get started again about those people especially that guy that sits in front of me and I know he listens or at least he because he knows everybody he's just their dish moves. And he spends half the game hey you're a break and a break oh and a break. And then he's speaking you know oh my god this guy just a schmoozer get out of there already okay take a few weeks off pal. Here's a mobile in North Miami hello. No yes sir. I got a really good story for you over the weekend I visited an aunt who had a book she wanted me to read she knew I wouldn't read it because it was religious story and oh god so she says all this is just sit down I want to read this something this is the only way she could really get me to listen it was called maybe he'd heard it it's been on the best solace for about three years it's called conversations with God. No you have you heard of it? Yeah sure you have heard of it okay read me this book I you know I was ready for it. No I see I'm going to read you conversations with you. So you so you know what I'm to the book I'm talking about I haven't read it obviously. I mean it really blew my mind because I wasn't expecting it it's like this guy says that he basically went up to the woods one day and he was screaming at God and started hearing in his mind not really voices but answers so he went to right down these answers so the book is basically he's talking to God he asked on a question God it's like answers him in the most the answers were really I don't know for human being could ever come up with that but it was pretty interesting you got to take it with a grain of salt yeah because it's you know some it's hard to believe I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to have a shaker of Morton salt next to him when I'm reading it keep up keep it on it yeah basically sorry for that's probably what he got was doing out there in the woods he was hitting on it I guess you heard of that I'm sorry it wasn't very good what do you mean didn't not too much way today it was too much yeah have a good one and back to it conversations with God yeah and but I'd like have told to be for over the last 23 years the number of really stimulating conversations I've had on these shows would make for a very very small lot about three page book yeah a couple of pages but that's alright it killed some good time maybe and we're still here kicking as and spider what some people think we're kicking as and I can't even talk wait till I can speak how come I got my voice back by the way you notice I haven't even noticed that I got my goddamn voice back if you tune in late which I really down but but I'm not all the things it must have been the Hall's Manful Look this and it must have been the hard candies I sucked on and delicious lunch from the macaroni grill what do you think already seen that's what I think did it man and then of course conversations with God would it maybe was the salt on the pages yeah always good to have a shake or a more important salt while you're reading a bunch of crap like that because you can spray sprinkle on the pages it doesn't it doesn't go good reading maybe it's good eating maybe that could man will be the new diet by the way the American Dietetic Association I got a question for you if the Atkins diet is so dangerous and so bad as you people say and so on sound give us the answer tell us what does work how do we lose weight and keep it off anybody if the American God damn dietetic Association got a freaking answer for that no no thanks so I want your charlons here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello Neil yes sir I have a slight bit of news for you I saw I was driving up in the June Road just below 836 right and I see a billboard on the left side of the road that's in Spanish and it says something about a sports channel that calm and you know who's facing out on it yours yeah you know about that in Spanish it's a Spanish sign advertising some sports sportswine.com and it's all Spanish and it's got your face on it from the nose up no way yes can't you know I'm right what is it you know who I am do I know who you are yes I told you I'm no okay I'm Evan's father I would never lie to you yeah okay my wife who's spoken to him many occasions right so the story is you said that's me all said why would we would be advertising in Spanish we don't even advertise in English you know the story is that they used to advertise you on WIO they yeah a billboard yeah yeah a billboard it looks like they cut your face and half and use the top half we had on this line from the nose up now what is it say though why don't you look at the most advertising a Spanish sports line okay it doesn't say it's not a word is English on the sign yeah sign is strictly in Spanish and it's what I can see it's advertising what's line.com's on the computer it's all Spanish yeah okay and it's got your face on it all right but I'll follow you I listen whatever it is we'll take any publicity you can be some kind of slatures and right kind of gotta be some kind of comic pink or plot okay thanks God tell I haven't we said hi okay okay but I like oh my god I'm I think I'm having a relay. See in a beginning I thought what he meant to say was that it was some kind of a thing that this station was connected with that we were like advertising in Spanish we don't even advertise in English we don't have a guy with a sandwich board on Lincoln Road Mod yet walking up and down even in Chinese even in Sanskrit saying I guess well let's hear the QAM we got some good stuff on the air we got that fat bag on the middle of the we got that fat sports guy and he has to do we got those three nerds in the morning nothing so it's not you in that billboard who is some Cuban for kpasa.com or something like that oh that's me. Now that's what that's me kpasa.com remember kpasa USA I decided to do a rocky archivoreen I could bring it back kpasa.com kpasa what's done I have no idea what these people are talking about 1257 took you away isn't it what tell us today No, it's a thing and think this breaks you and this Not a happy place Josh worshipers, who love O.J. Exhausting, refroming The equipment always breaks Oh man It's a hot and charming place You and this, not a happy place No Oh, he's just a mess, any? It's one O.J. Exhausting The WCU-AM You know, early in the first period last night Who was it? Was it John Jackuping Got into it with, was not the fight with Bergeur I think it was with the Brad May And hockey game That make it different to what was And a fight broke out on the ice And I said to John I said Greg, it's a fight It's a fight And 13,000 people started going Like that, yeah I think that's what got the team loosen up a little bit They're picking it up from there Here's Kendall, hello Hello, O.J. Exhausting I just wanted to let you know As a former enforcement person of Violators in the handicapped and those green vines Yeah If they want a really company I got something else after this We're going to complain Tell them to call them the Tasha Dogface Millions, she's the one that proposed it here And because her girlfriends couldn't walk with their babies Oh really? Yeah So in other words, you know, not one of those Inside things for some special people No, no, that wouldn't happen here I'm not in my international The Tasha dogface, okay, dogface doesn't Yeah, she did it And I'm serious about it Because I was used to write the tickets for any cap But violators How do you like that? That's a fucking bitch Yeah, that's right But here's the other thing If all of these high-price warriors Or in the paper today Suggesting that it's a violation of first main rights And Miami doesn't follow it Why don't they sue Made Mayor Penalist You know, you know, like they're here And they talk big but they don't do anything Yeah You know, Ragao and that other car soul and all of them guys If it's a violation And they're not allowing people to do things here And public facilities They should sue them Yeah Yeah And you want me to tell you why they don't do it? I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know Okay Good luck, Penalist Hey Natasha, dog push, get your guy damn girlfriend out of the airport Okay, with your stick and strawers How about like people in our handicapped Don't have little babies Who's going to take care of I see screw us Well, to you Everybody's a special case Except all the rest of us Except you and I We're not special cases Everybody else Oh, well I got a club foot I got a hang nail Yeah, pretty soon That's going to be next If you got a hang nail Or be like on the other end of every guy Damn island they're parking There'll be a special couple of spots for you People with hang nails Here's a mobile and holly would hello Hello Yes sir Okay, can't hear you though Okay, let's see Listen, I was just curious I know you're a big hockey fan And with the world's first come up this weekend Do you particularly have any favor? I was just curious Do I have any favor? What? Well, what you seeing would you be rooting for the Yankees? What was that had right with hockey? No, not that I'm just saying I know you're a big hockey fan But I figured you might like baseball as well You know Sir, I don't want to sound you know, irregun But I was watching baseball games before you were born Well, that's true Yes So do you have any particular Yes, I like the braves I hate the Yankees I despise the Yankees We had to do stuff with rockers Put him in a body bag Yeah Okay There you go See there's another New York guy Who's already peeing in his pants Assuming that a click I hope that rocker comes in Night thinking of every game And most of you guys down How do you like that? Even though I think the Yankees probably will win in five But I like to braise Hate the Yankees We got to do something with rockers As in this guy's office Because he's in New York fan You know what that means? He's an asshole That's correct 560, 50560, pound 560 On the 18T wireless line What are your thoughts on that first game And a series guys What are your thoughts on the old version Under is what are you oh God Do you have any idea how much pain That creates I aching all of my body When I hear those calls and it's ready to station I can't you know I can't tell anybody else how to do their show But I love listening to the Hank When Hank is talking and he's doing his thing And he's yelling me screaming And he's like whatever he's talking about Doesn't make any difference What he's talking about I enjoy listening And as soon as those calls come in Invariably With just a matter of moments And usually the first couple of calls What do you thoughts on What's your opinion? Give me your opinion It's either one of your thoughts on Or what is your have an opinion on the Massapickua for Donnie a game It is the worst Swill in the history Even the final tubes are Speaking in agony When those calls go puking through our transmitter You can hear the sounds of the transmit When those calls come in Give me your thoughts on the Irrondic white battalion game this weekend You got a new opinion on that No Here's Kendall hello Hello On WGA yes sir Rachel You are a hockey fan So where are you thoughts on the dolphin? Yeah Yeah I know That was brilliant Right Neil I have a question And I have a easy hockey fan What do you expect? New York fans you were right about that Arrestles Your voice did change So maybe it was the prayers Maybe I dropped I have one decended testicle I could have been it Neil I have one I was tilted I have one question and one request Yeah The question is I don't know why they call you Uncle Neil And then the request is I want to hear the Ruck and roll song by the man and thanks and Rachel Okay Okay Now what was it the first one about the call me Uncle Uncle I suppose the anti I guess Yeah as opposed to you know either it's either pro or anti you know I don't know I don't know And I'll play the man this thing No he he was the right to the point he was okay I mean he wasn't as good as that bitch that called about I should live in I don't know where you should live honey It's real hot down there two by the way sweetheart Although I understand I have some very good deals on townhouses down there I live in advantage here While I skew his me okay this hot shot Yeah, he probably shares their account townhouse with 16 other dikes 8 minutes after one at the QAM Where you fudge pack him The mad dog is out of control And you'll find out why would you hear the latest release From Black Croaster Entertainment Jim Vantage seems to it Well I'll ride I'll ride the ride in three colors I'll ride Here's a mad dog Jim Vantage seems classic raw This is a ride I'll ride Oh I'll ride Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh At first Jim said he built a little it was I can But now he said I like it I like the mad dog just can't hissing up with that cottage cheese But if he wants me to sing got plus an American face decent the jeep thing up here I'll do it You got so And there you go There's no red Oh Jim is a mad dog Sing a film happy Oh Oh Oh Jim and it seems to be that available now It all blocked up their school I've been on a call yesterday was written manager I'm going to tell you something Anybody that knocks Jim manager is a communist I'm going to tell you that right now Okay anybody who knocks the mad dog is when communist Grande Grande Cimo One 14 at 5.60 QAM Here's a facts from Mike and Kendall who's a real chronic facts A good guy though He's a good guy. He's also he's an orange owned provocateur Yes, what way to do the facts He says I figured you being interested in knowing that Sauer 96 is awarding up to $2,000 every three hours to its listeners by calling in They're buying the audience again at power 96 I've won money from them before and took about two months to get my check They can't buy you with these in phone system But they sure can buy listeners Well from what everybody tells me and I don't want to go over and see it Because I probably break down in tears They've got fantastic studios there by new studios right down the hallway Here with all state of the art equipment In fact even to the other side The sports nerds got a pretty damn nice studio in there too All kind of big real talk studio table I'll tag it over the all kinds of microphones around it And we got this we got Jack and whatever else goes after it 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T and T U of wireless line We got Jack Sprat Here's sunrise hello Yeah, hi Neil. I got a comment to make I don't really want you to talk because I don't want to lose your voice We need you for the rest of the week here Even though it's only a day Question the comment goes to the New York old fart that called about a half hour ago About some billboard with your signature picture on it The sign is on the palm at o it has nothing to do with you It's the sign is an internet site called kposah.com It says you can call about course Are you a guy who's a you I'm sorry The guy looks like a really hard guy He's on there So the next time that guy goes down to shoot nine at shoelows Or wherever he goes it takes his daily Racket down in the doctor Yeah Get his glasses checked in the York old fart Okay, thanks. That's Evan's dad though, you know It's Evan's dad got him He never lied to us. He's a good guy But he's like you said he's blind Five six seven. Oh, fine. Now let me ask you this. How come we got handicap parking Like general handicap at the airport but how come we don't have blind handicap parking for the blind drivers? How come they don't have any separate parking spots? Because certainly if you've ever driven more than like a half a mile down here You know that we've got hundreds of thousands of blind drivers all over the place Especially now see that's the one thing we got a lot more in Broward than you and date We got Zillions in New Zealand Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh And mostly all of you both Here's a mobile in high allia hello And Neil how you doing? Okay, sure Yeah, two years ago I had to address the drinking problems So when I went into treatment Well, if if you can quit drinking I can move some weight and you went on the aches and lost 60 pounds And he's been able to keep it off ever since All right and as a result of that drinking problem I wasn't able to see my son But I just got divorced and now I have the dissertation rights and I took him to my his first hockey game against the red wings last week Oh, yeah, you love you love the more than football now And so the fan does are his newest thing and anyway The thing is we were walking into the NCR and I couldn't believe in more than half of the jerseys were Detroit And I don't know see more than half Oh, there were a lot than 5,000 of them there. I've got it. Yeah, I wasn't there that night, but every time they're red wings play Since the red wings one those two Stanley cups all of a sudden down here We got 80 million red wings fans and the most amazing part of it is 90% of them never been in Detroit Yeah, how do you like that? And even when we went to Detroit, Dolph doesn't just a home game against Miami Of most a lot of the fans were from Detroit too. I don't know there must be a lot of Detroit fans down here But in any case, we're going to the Calvary game tomorrow night and we love it. We had great seats There were 38 bucks of peace, but it wasn't bad and we had a good time The only thing I the guy that does the around the league stuff that you know over on the over the playboard I thought that guy was really lame. They didn't get rid of him. He is so boring. He looks like he's compensated or something I call you another's to them. There's to them. There's the guy that starts out doing the stuff Which he's pretty weak and then there's our own Tony the tiger from Power Party Yeah, Tony Tony Tony, Tony works in again. Don't quit your day job Tony. We're a good guy But you're embarrassing yourself. I walked it last night again. Tony doesn't know a hockey puck from a guy Damn stale perogue. Okay, I know how many go do something. You know something about which is not hockey Get out of there Tony you're making a clown out of yourself He's pathetic. Let me tell you. Tony the pussy. Yeah, I love you show on Neil. Thanks pal. Okay, keep it up. Yeah. Bye. So let me mention that. Oh, oh and by the way speaking of embarrassing things at the game last night Who was that broad that sang the National Anthem's plural? Oh, can't it? This was the worst young bitch. I mean the worst the most embarrassing people were looking at each other They were doing cat calls and cat calls. I mean what the hell was that? Jesus Christ She sang Ocanada so bad that young quite shen his mouth which usually lean to the lean to the other side It did a complete turnaround like that And then they start spangled banner. She spanked man. I mean she buttered it that was embarrassing Everybody in a place was like up in arms about it. That was one of the highlights. It was certainly better in the first period. Oh, yeah, I mean we had so many good people do it in there before. I mean good people last year we had tremendous people do a National Anthem Where did they find this binbo, huh? Just like Tony the Tigers we'd already don't quit your day job whatever it might be. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, you know, yes sir. Kid was hit in the throat area last night. Oh, is that what it was? That's why you went down so quickly. I think we're here in the chat. Wow. If you hit him in the chat, you know, you would have probably stood but he hit him near the throat and that's why he went down. Yeah, but you ever see him with this mask on? No. Well, actually, yeah, well, that's how I found out because after the game they came. I'm just telling you anybody that looks like that with their mask on. It would make me snowed different to where it hits and he'll be alright. Well, they had an animal. They interviewed him after the game and they asked him, you know, why he doesn't We're one of those little neck pieces that's gold. He said because he doesn't like the noise of it. It did like distract them. But, you know, not a knock on Scott Melomy, but does the team seem faster up and down the ice without like, we're rolling that. Come on. Come on. Come on. Well, I don't mean a knock on. I mean, I like the guy, you know, he's a veteran and he's got a lot of leadership, but the team looks faster up and down the ice. They're covering up from mistakes that other players are making and to me, they just look like a much quicker team up and down the ice. Yeah. Well, that's, you know, he's not going to get any faster, you know, than. Well, I know, but he, but why, I don't to me put him on with Claude Blopp and Burie. That's both the line down. Well, I'm going to ask you this. I mean, I know Claude Blopp won't be getting an empty net goal at the end, which Grooces up his meaningless statistics, but he impressed you last night. Not really. No. He gets a two on one. He refuses to pass it. He breaks in. I, you know, he gets a break it on and that and he always gets into far has a shot that I could stop right there. Right. He's going to definitely. He, I'm sorry, but Victor Coslov, if Burie comes back and had a real set him into play with on the line and put Ray Whitney on the left wing, then we'd really kick some ass. Then you see something exciting. Just just an aside, the Miami airport. I was in the other day, the feeling is falling down from all that rain. You got to dodge all of these like a little push-up feeling thing that have just fallen through. It's unbelievable. Excellent. Thanks, Neil. That's what a good pay-off will do for you. Maybe they have the same contractors that we have here. You know what I'm talking about? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18-T line Jesus. Christ, my voice is coming back. It's a freaking miracle, baby. It's a broken miracle. I can't get over it. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. This is Victor Donovan, Miami. Yes, Victor. I just wanted to give my friend a little message to you. Okay, go. Come up and give my message. Okay, pal. This isn't a message service. It's called a radio show, Victor. It's not a message service. It's a radio show. It's not a message service for a bunch of little holios who want to play games on the radio. You got that, Victor. No, I didn't think so. Let me spell it for you in Braille, Victor. Okay, and blazing on your friend. And maybe your friend can feel it for you. And the message too. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. I think it's those the hard candies I did it. Or maybe it was the launch. I don't know. Let's give credit to the macaroni grill. I love them. They're great people. Treat us great. Have fantastic food. So let's give credit to the macaroni. Well, they're the ones that brought the hard candies. Anyway, so no matter how you look at it, they get the credit. Thank you, guys. And thanks for leaving the schmarts to back to the restaurant to sing the song on a table. You know, I mean, it's not even if you were a white guy or Japanese, it's got nothing to do with the fact that he's a schmarts here. It just happens that he is. And of course, if you were Japanese guy, probably would not be upon the table singing a old man, mover. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just, I wanted to do it with the people around here in the way they drive. I'm driving down the street. I got a bus on my right. I'm just trying to get into the next lane and all the Sunday cuts me off because they have to warm it on a bicycle and she's got a sidewalk to get on, but she had to get on the street. That's right. And the traffic is around you over a bus. Do you want to know what it is? What is airy person on a bike and a bus in a car? They're the only people on the road. Don't you understand that in other places you go and you turn on your blanket and they let you in. And it's called collaborative driving. Everybody realizes that they have to cooperate with other people on here. It's like I'm the only one on the road. Don't confuse me and bother me with anybody else. Well, it's a good guy. You got two extremes. You got like a little folks that you talk about, they go about 30 and then you got the other idiots that are going 90. Try to get to the stoplight. That's right. I don't get it. I just did drive me crazy. You go anywhere else and you get on your expressway and if they're going 90, they're all going 90. You got in a highway here. Some of them are going 100. Some are going in 20. It's an obstacle course. That is correct. It's kind of like you. I am having great day. You have a great day. Hang in there. Thank you. I said do. Have a goddamn great show here boys and girls trust me when I tell you. Boy, I'll tell you it's a hockey game last time. Maybe that's why I lost my voice. They were kissing and the licking. Oh, God. Seriously. They were looking in parts where even my little dog won't look. Oh, and by the way, thanks again, Dr. West. Tiny's doing great. Crazy is ever. You know, she's a great devette. But boy, can she talk? Just relax. Okay, calm down. You get meaner. But I'm staring to hyperventilate. I'm starting a little tank with your tightest. Well, did I say 1.26 a QA and my thing so? The real Roger show. You're sports radio. 560. You. Hey. What is a buffalo bill? What the f***'s going on with date and browser? This wall on CBS. Meet a small town free to speak the word of God. An adds a few choice words of his own. It's Father Tourette's Mystery. Yeah, I need to believe it. We're gathered here today to join together. This. Two. Two. Two. Two. In Holy Matrimon. Father Tourette's Mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago, Holth List, and NYPD Blue Ball. Hey, my old. You're. You're a little hurt by the monger. You're. I'm not for him. Sunday. This fall. Spending hour with Father Tourette. Boyd after an all-new season of. Touched down there by an angel. Only on PBS. What's the big one of five 60s? You can't make out my voice back. Honey, like that. I mean, like, uh, it's all back. Thank you, macaroni grill. Thank you. Powerplay. I'm sorry. I shouldn't say that. Why does he say that? Why what is jigsmick Donald says. Here's a chance for Bill Stewart taking the puck. Watch it on both. He's called. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's given the pattern. A four one please. Okay. Now, I want to run that bias again, jigs. You want to know. Okay. See anybody that would pick on a mistake like that. And keep doing it. Play an over and over again. Would probably be me. You know. Atters. Heaven beats in the Vancouver. Conoxia and South Florida. Since the 13th of March. I mean, 77. And anybody who would play that would probably be me. Oh, no. It's enough. That's enough. You know, making fun of pointing it out. Come on, Randy. Stop doing it. We'll send you back to red deer. Five, six, seven. Oh, sorry. I should mention again by the way that our center one stuff the best in the old. The new one improved in the good ones that sound great are in the stores now at all specs. And if you have one of the ones that I signed for you before or that you bought some place of it, then just take it back where you bought it. Now, let me ask you this. Are they going to be able to keep the insert? Do you know what I mean? I don't know. Well, why not? They'll just swap them with these. I don't see why not. Right. And they'll be happy to swap them for the original ones that we apologize for that really sucked inside of like like that. And the key change with the buttons with the. Oh, thanks for the. They'll be out tomorrow. Okay. Now, I say they'll be out tomorrow, but they're not going to be at specs. So what do I say? They'll be out tomorrow. I'm not saying that. Well, you can go to neo-rodges.com in order from there. All your center ones. And then there are appearances like next to the at the pizza office to late the end. I'll have all of that good stuff, including those key chains that go like. Oh, stuff like that. How's Carol doing by the way? I wanted to do so to Pauli. Here's a Davy. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. We stand on guard for death. She was the worst, the worst girl in abortion. I'm surprised the right to life people didn't start protesting. It was an abortion. Hey, I want to get both of Brian started on the head cap one for you. Yeah. It goes like this. I believe. I live on the level. While he hadn't seen ever, stiff the horse. You can win gambling in the islands all the time. We're on it. Okay. It's WGA. Your gamblers and auto-mustation for the 90s, baby. And we got Hank and Beful and any cake coming up at 2 o'clock. Again, from out there at Calder. Oh, is this going to be an every week of thing? Every week of thing? Oh, my God. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. It's fun to gamble, but it's your way. You know, it's like here and other people talking about having sex. What would you rather do? Have sex yourself or hear other people telling your stories about it? Who needs the goddamn stories? Here's a mobile and peppered pie, silo. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Have you seen any of the playing games at the shirt? I don't think so now. Again, last year, you let me call the local bot took a few of the flurry. He sent off on an elbow. Right. He got a two minute minor and no suspension or anything. And I cast right as it's his guy. The other night trying to defend himself. And he gets a two-game suspension. And that was his first game back, too, by the way. Brian Barard hit Jeff Cornwaller. I saw that game the Leafs and St. Louis. And it made me a little bit of it as an elbow up a little. But it was a clean hit. There was no penalty call. He gets two games. I mean, it's just a full of crap. Yeah. My wife was going to Vegas next week on business and they're flying me out because it's her birthday. I put myself in a new front post, no new front tier hotel. Oh, because we kind of dive exactly. You got it. It is. I don't know. The new front tier, well, I guess it's rebuilt. And we're going to have to make a collarball here or something on the front of her. Right. Right. But it's okay. You won't mind the pick of the job there in front. Just kick it over. Yeah. The only thing I wanted to say was that you were talking about all of the sports arts call and all of their questions is up. The one I didn't hear was what's your cake? What's your take on this? Or what's your take on that? Yeah. I'd drive me freaking clear. Yeah. What's your take on the St. Louis? St. Louis Obispo. Mr. What's your take on the Michigan State Women's Lacrosse team? Right. That's right. That's coming. All right. That's right. That's coming. All right. That's coming. That's coming. All right. You have a day. A little while. Have a good luck. Have a great time. I am better. I got my voice back now. I'm ready to rock and roll. I'm ready to show. But to bat over. Seriously. If I got to talk like this, I could have all the stuff that I hit. I'll save it for tomorrow. I'm feeling that thing by the 13 year old girl. Nice going. Sweetheart. Here's a 13 year old girl. Another couple of weeks. I'll be 57 years old and I feel like an interplace for people. My, I'll be much out of place too young to be here too young. So as much as we despise a lot of the corruption in the crap and the intolerance and the humanity that goes on in date County, wanting and brown that we got is all people. If we had a better demographic and brown, it really would be paradise. Oh, it would be great. Wouldn't that be something? Let's ship a lot of the old farts out. Come on. We'll find someplace else for you. We'll find a nice piece of airwood land out there and Wyoming somewhere. Somewhere in the Dakota's. And we'll bring in some young living and breathing people. And we'll bring in like a whole bunch of Chinese people sounds good. What's wrong with that? Hmm, I like dog. No, I'm serious. So you don't know any Chinese people. That's not true. We haven't mingled with a chink. I would be a Chinese. I don't like you. No, I'm sure you're head closely. Got it. They're honey. I mean, no, they're not seriously. The Chinese people are great. They're bright. They have, you know. They're smart. They're not dumb. Like Fredo, they're really smart. And they generally speak and don't run around killing anybody. And they don't speak Chinese. They don't speak Chinese. They don't speak Chinese. They don't. They be to each other, but not in public. They don't. They got a little bit of class. They have their like polite. They're very polite. Almost to a false. They're great. God, love the Chinese. Why do you think there's so many of them? God, love the chinks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th, and T. Warmus line. You can see us dropping any bombs on them. Yet. Here's a candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. I'm just trying to give it a advisory morning for anybody else out on the street. I did a bit of a talking to my hand. And she's basically half blind. And she was telling me I should be new to life. I was called up on the forum. And they had to send her a little stick to put on the back of her dryers. I was like, I don't know. Time's up at the cutting rod. They're just trying to see you. Yeah. Can you believe that? Excellent. Oh, God. Okay. We'll be keeping an eye out for her. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th, T line. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Let's try plantation. Hello. Plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy resident of Plantation. The beautiful city of Plantations is 1971. Yes, sir. With a low real estate taxes. Right. The old can I change the subject a little bit from you? I know subjects are there. The subject is not hockey. Where'd you get that? Well, lately, less few calls anyway. Anyway, Neil, I wanted to ask you, I haven't, I haven't listened to you in a couple of days. Sorry about that. Why not? But I read an article in, when why not. Had other things to do? No. In Sunday. In Sunday's paper, this sun sentinel. Yes. Gene Shepherd passed away. Somebody came to me to hockey game last night and told me that I had, which I was not aware of that. How old was he? He 78. Oh, that's, you know. I don't know if you ever listened to this. Sure. Well, I first came to town to KAT in 76. I used to carry the Gene Shepherd Show on tape like late at night. And he was very unique. He used to, he never had any guests. He didn't take phone calls. He used to do the whole show. It was like only an hour show, I think. But he talked to himself. Yeah. He was like, they called him the Mark Twain of his era. Right. Right. And he just told stories about his, is youth in Indiana. Right. And when on with other things. I'm 68 years old. I can remember him from years ago. I was on WOLR, right? I'm sorry. He was on WOLR. Yes. Yes, he was. Right. Yes, he was. And I've got so much pleasure. Yeah. From listening to him. You almost as much as I get from you. Oh, oh, for that. Well, he's done still alive. But he's at right. And I hope you're alive for a lot of years. And I hope you're well. Thanks. I've been listening to you for many, many, many years. Thank you so much. Along my friend. And I'll pray for you. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, 10. Shepherd is dead. Anybody else out there? Remember, Gene Shepherd? No. That's why the guy came to me at the hockey game. He said I would have called you on the air. But probably nobody you're on it. Well, let's go. I knew him. So there he go. There's three of us. 20 till two at 5, 50 WGA. I'll take a time. Ah. So, you're just in 360. I'll take a time. You'll come to me. In my enemy. For the job of the team. Well, I'm like a time. I saw the writer straight about not when you're in your bushing. Some people say you're in there. No, that's not a joke. It's a joke. It's a joke. You gave to us. Thanks. Thank you. We can send the camera. They're just good to spend. So I'll take a seat. So that'll line. Well, he's a bad day. I'm Canada. I've seen. I don't care if he's not in that of me. We're in the class. Who was it, taking my. So here's two for us. Keep it on. I guess I just don't understand what the big deal is. You've had many presidents. I know it's. It's done. I'm a player. Another. Like Gerald Moore for instance. Obviously he was on. Otherwise, why was he falling down? I was at. And he was so out. He was still up to my. He didn't even know. I was just for the first day. Why even way back to what you've been. I believe you're the real. You're not. The Jerry tree was because he had some lunch. I'm right. 14 till two. I'm so excited now. I've got excitement in my private. Even with his little head cold and little. I've got my throat got him. I said it because my best friend in the world. Tracy need to use on a phone with George right now. And she's got my CD and I's gone Tracy. God. We've got it on. I mean this is pretty. I mean this is pretty. I thought it was. I'm off the TV. It's not that it's back. Three boys and same. Scooter Mr. President. He's her and a whole bunch of other. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. You. You. You. So we're going to have like a USA exclusive on it like when we have it tomorrow and we better have it tomorrow or else. And then of course power 96 can play. This is going to be really really interesting to see just what kind of guy kid career is because if he smart. Because I already got my back speed boys tickets from if he smart they'll be playing the crap out of there. There will be the only ones in America with it and guess what there is a video that goes along with it. So don't come here so I'm dead off the kids don't see a video there's a video and it's great. It's this whole bunch of groups some of more like from Sweden some are like from Europe some are like from hunger like in sync and a back to boys. And it's for whatever reason this record came out like two years ago and I get for I don't know why it wasn't released all over the world but now it's starting slowly but surely the seep it's way around the world it's going to be gigantic it is going to be huge. Even though a lot in childhood have been impressed. So how we get in the George she's going to take it to your house and knock on your door and put it in your post when today. Are you cereal I'm cereal I had to talk her into it she's a look at a door said knock on the man's door he'll give you a big wetland and a kiss and here's my any hello. Hello yes sir. Hi you. I can't wait to get out of my amy date country myself. Yeah. You know what I think is a good idea. You're a nice thing sir. Yeah they should put a bit into make this a separate country because I don't know you know I think it's a good idea that got their own foreign policy which generally speaking I'd like another country to me. Exactly. Exactly. I'm surprised it only in as her passport coming in and out of here. Oh they do. You probably are speaking in the back door. Oh no no I'm seeing to you know to go to Virginia Colorado. Right. George. Yeah. George. Alright. Okay. Good idea pal. Okay. We'll tell you our pinga. Here's a pop-in-o hello. Pop-in-o. Yeah sir. Long time first time. Alright. Did you get a chance to touch on the uh... Yeah. So they went and beat column today about our sheriff can Jenny. Oh I didn't get to that part. I only were concentrated on the book Daniels part about how we're producing right to take the fall because you said crap on here. Oh but did you see the part about where he. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh but I haven't my handwriting now it says don't stand in Sheriff Ken Jenny's way winners television time to be head. Especially if you're within Broward Fire Rescue. I'm told Jenny looking like a wet kitty in his poncho made it forcefully clear to fire rescue folks that he not them was to get on the 11 o'clock news to release info about the first I mean casualties. The incident occurred Friday near the bodies of four people electrocuted by a down power line in western and to make double sure that he gets to announce the tragedy to viewers he had the area around the bodies declared a crime scene. Traditionally the Sheriff handles the information from a crime scene said toddler Duke fire rescue spokesman we get to do it from an accident scene. According to the sheriff this had become a crime scene. The sheriff did not come and put his spokeswoman Cheryl stopnik said it's customary for law enforcement agency to take the lead where the fire department is speaking and investigation is underway a crime scene in other words they were murdered by a power line how do you like that. I wonder if the sheriff arrested the power line. Probably and I don't know how long it's going to take these people to realize what kind of guy this is. They're on to them they're on to them the pool you know but he never does push them they want to get this strong marathon through so we can be the dictator Broward County.