This is Sports Radio 5.6. A-A-S. Sports Radio 5.6. W-2-A-M-I-M-E-4-Laterdale presents the NEO Rosario. Let's go. It's a lot of awesome NEO. 4.6.7. 0.5.6. toll free for date and rowering. Or pound 5.6. Beyond your profile, the opinions of NEO. His guests, co-owners, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W-Q-A-M. Beatsley-REDACTIFULS. Or the Beatsley-Broadcast Group. No. NEO Rogers. On Sports Radio 5.6. Q-A-S. Hey NEO. F*** you. 4.6. 0.6. 0.6. Oh, boy. 4.6. 0.6. 0.6. Down the coast of the Pazzoju. 4.6. 0.6. And the powers you possess. 6.6. 6.6. And his life, with his life, is our day. He's got a job to make his dinner. 5. 4. 0.6. 0.6. 0.6. 0.6. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you plot your doom. With the sexy younger chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. And the fruit in my chest. Oh god 10 out to at 5.60 WQAM. Okay, so where were you, Niel? On Tuesday, we're yucking the backstreet boys do LP. And yesterday where you, uh, online for Star Wars, that must have been it. You can possibly have a cold. Didn't I say I'm Monday. I was getting a bad cold. I was going to probably be out a couple of days. I said that. So here we go. The reason I've played that virgin Mary at this start this morning is, uh, guess where the virgin Mary shows up every year. And a whole bunch of crazy people go to see the virgin Mary. Conures Georgia. And guess what they just had happened this morning in the last two hours. In Conures Georgia. Here's a clue. At what, what's in the school? Heritage high school in Conures Georgia. Six shot. Now the two seriously thank goodness. Why are students with the 22 caliber rifle? And they interviewed one of the mothers of a student there at the school. She said, well, you know, most of these kids are a bunch of red next. They're all around rifles and shotguns and everybody kind of gunned. Everybody's got a gun. And I said to George, how do you get a 22 caliber rifle in the school? How do you go in the school with a goddamn rifle? Maybe it was rifle day. Is that good? And then the brilliant reporter here on CNN because today is the 20th of the month, which is exactly one month after the shootings at Column by high school in Littleton, Colorado. And the comment is, what, you know, the president son is way out to the little and right now, a bad day. This is a bad day for another high school shooting. Is there such a thing as a good day for high school shooting? She didn't tell which were the good days, but a bad day for another high school shooting in America. And you gun suckers out there, you gun lovers, you red next, you crazy people with your guns. It's a sickness. And you can, you can watch this crap in a Senate now man at Orange Snatch and all these other sanctimonious assholes. Talking about video games and about Hollywood and about movies and about violence and about all is happy. Horace crap and Marilyn Manson and obscenity and pornography. Anything that everything but and of course in the meantime, they still have to, and you thought that yesterday they were back tracking these right wing maniacs all in the animal all in the pocket of the NRA. You thought they were back tracking yesterday. Wait till today. When they have to face another high school shooting and this kid, by the way, when he got done in the shooting the six kids was about to commit suicide, which ain't too easy by the way with a rifle. But they, the security I guess, grabbed them and he's still alive. So at the very least we can throw his ass and jail for a tentative murder and make a big song in advance about that. I mean what kind of minds, what kind of people are you people raising out there, what kind of morons have we got in this country? Monki, monkey, monkey, do is one thing. But in the meantime, yesterday they come up with a statistic yesterday in the news which I have no idea where they come up with these numbers. Maybe they counted me in there too because I was out sick. They said that 2.2 million people in this country took off from work yesterday to go see star f and wars. I'd be like that. 2 million people took off from work to go see the debut of Star Wars. And then I find out later in the day that some of the star, did I even mention this the other day about to start trek people, how there's going to be a battle between the trekkings and the Star Wars nuts, and they're all dressed up like a bunch of overgrown children, like a bunch of simpletons, like a bunch of imbicils in heat. That's what Ternzani Merkin, public baby, is crap. The public in this country never saw a pile of crap that they didn't love. You know, first we saw the chase the cop chase out there, it must have been Rick Sanchez. Because you know, we're in sweeps week, so Channel 7, they must have staged that thing with a police Ternzani. And we're in there in the other room watching that thing, and I was mildly amusing, you know, and then they finally got to get out of the truck and he tries to make a run for it and they grab him. And I come back here and I sit down and mine in my own business, and I look up on CNN, and here we go, another high school shooting in Connier's Georgia. Air of the Year thousands of crazy people come to Connier's Georgia to see the Virgin F and Mary. But you know something she must not pick the right times to come around. Where was the Virgin Mary this morning? When as can we shoot in up the school, where was the freaking Virgin Mary? And like I told you before, the more religious they are, the crazier they are. And of course in the deep south, especially, but not exclusively, but in the deep south, the more religious they are, the more they love their guns. Part of a whole subculture in this country, the gun culture. They love them, they grow up with them, they funnel them. What a substitute for a rigid penis, who needs Viagra when you can have a gun. I just never heard of such a thing. Does it make me an old fart? And when you went to school, did you ever hear of kids coming to the school with guns? No, just not. No, no seriously. Of course not. Who ever heard of kids bringing guns to school? And all these idiots, oh, it's those video games. And it's the Hollywood stuff that let me tell you again, all over the world. They play the same video games. They see the same goddamn violent movies that we see here in America, and they're not running around killing each other. You think maybe it just might have something to do with the upbringing and the kids in this country? No discipline, no respect. We're talking crazy kids. Crazy kids. Oh, that was a good idea. The kids out there are Colorado did it. And of course, this isn't even a mention. I just briefly mentioned a few days ago to when an Alberta, up in Canada outside of Calgary, which is then that's on her to kid goes into school and shoots in serious dangerous two kids. And in the meantime, in the last month since the little thing, if you open up a timer newsweek, they have a map of the country, they show you all the bombswitch, the guns, the confiscated, all of the stuff, all over the country now, it's like a way, an epidemic of crazy kids. What kind of values do your kids have? And I realize it's only a small handful, but Jesus Christ, what kind of a lunatic does stuff like this? What kind of mentally ill people can we got running around on the loose? I mean, it's getting to the point where you can just say, that's the American fucking way. Yeah, it's just becoming part of American culture now. It's just a new wrinkle that's been added. Send your kids to school today and if you're lucky they'll come home alive. Oh, there he is. Look at that. There's orange snatch. And a number of kids were wounded. Yeah. I won't go into the detail. What's the better, I'm just going to write you asshole. You thanked them on the wrist, right wing piece of third. And of course, people like him, I heard his comments yesterday, are just looking to see the uponness opportunity to curb every kind of freedom that they possibly can. Fascism is going to really be enough. Give up all your freedoms because it must be somebody else's fault. Everything is too permissive in America. Too much of sanity. Don't say crap because somebody then might actually go ahead and take one. 9 minutes after 10 is 5.60 WQAM. Where 80 valve from man. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every crowd, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare the shit out of people and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? Or the convenience? Take chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free. You've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Gillum. To simple solution, a life's complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the damn thing off the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out. To be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make a thing. 10 to 15 to 5 60 WQAmen to land to the blazing guns. Baby, the wild west blazing settles. They're still doing it. They love it. It's as American as mom and dad and apple pie and Chevrolet and the pizza hut. Here's a mobile or money lake. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I think it's the one gun. Yeah. And an asshole is on the phone. Right off the bed. That's this audience. That's out for it. First call an asshole. Two call two other calls on the board. These people don't care. They're lined up to see F and Star Wars. That's what they care about. When is the ball game start and when do we get to see Star Wars hopefully for free? Nothing phases these people. It's the American as in way like I said. 5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one life. What a bunch of siblings we got in this country man. They're never going to wake up. The things that they get most intensely involved in and psychotic about are such a pile of crap like I said a minute ago that it's terrifying to me. Scary. There isn't any reason why 99% of the people as computer. Oh my god damn gun. I'm not even going to waste my time with this idiot. I expected came in yesterday which George saved for me from some libertarian asshole. Tell me how I'm full of crap about religion and about God and about to, you know, he agrees with some of the things on guns like child safety locks. You know, it's amazing. We have to argue about child safety locks on guns. We've got him on cigarette lighters. But on guns, we have to have a debate about it. Because we don't want to piss off the NRA in the gun manufacturers. He agrees with me on that. But then he goes on to say, well, doing away with our right to burr arms is dangerous. And it's messing with our ability to protect ourselves from a rogue government. I thought that only the maniacs up there in the hills of Idaho, all the skinheads, all those militia people. I thought those were the only people crazy enough to believe that. Protect ourselves from a rogue government. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And you, God. Yes, sir. You, I grew up listening to you and I'm not killing anybody. So I'm happy now. Yeah. You, what have you got? You're right to our killing me, I'll tell you. No, no, no. Look, we're making all this thoughts about, you know, this kids going inside the school and shooting, but kids shooting. I mean, look at gangs. They do the same thing, but I'll find nobody's saying anything. Yeah. Nobody, nobody's saying anything. That was part of the law that they were talking about yesterday that they're mulling about in the Senate, taking their goods we've time about. It's cruis said. I mean, those guys in order bunch of old folks, they're going to want to talk about. Yeah. You have the reason they'll go for it, man. Okay. Have a great life. Okay. In other words, these people had nothing to say about this. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Like I said, Coniors, Georgia were thousands and thousands of crazy people come every year from all over the country to gather to see the vision of the Virgin Mary. I don't know if she shows up there on a pizza or like on the side of a bank building like she doesn't clear water. I'm not really exactly sure where she makes her yearly appearance. Isn't it ironic? Isn't it appropriate that all these Bible thumbers down there, they're busy uploading to this range out with her guns? Well, you know, we got to have our rifles and our shotguns. Teach our kid go out to a hunt. You know, we got to go out hunting. Yeah. Why is that? Why? Anybody in the audience go out in the hunt for their food? Is there one person in this audience that goes out in the hunt to get their food? No. No. There's anybody in Coniors, Georgia that's no. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. There you go. Yes sir. There's one thing you can blame all this crap on. Yes. It's you need a license to drive. You need a license to get a pad. Right. The license to get married to a non-horror on. Right. Any more on can have kids. Yeah. It's the parents. If they don't take care of their kids, they don't take interest in what the kids are doing. It's their fault for all this trouble. Okay. Keep passing it off. That's right. They want to blame somebody else. What kind of upbringing the kids have will come to school and pull us to do these kinds of barbaric aberrant things? What kind of unfarmer did they grow up in? The mother's probably still asleep sleeping out the bush from the night before. Right. It doesn't care where they are. What they're doing. Right. Making babies, man. That's the American F.N. way. God bless you sir. Trash, making babies. You know, yesterday I haven't seen too much daytime TV in a long time. Thank God because I'm here working every day in the middle of the day. And I'm going to tell you something. Jerry Springer Show. We know what it is. It's it's crap for people with feeble minds for people like a different version of the WWF. But now all of the time shows are like that. Jenny Jones. She's turned from, you know, getting some fagd to murder some other fact. She's turned from that now into another version of the Jerry, the Jerry Springer Show. There must be a half that doesn't show us on there like now. Where they're watching trash people and they're all going. He's not going that. Well, I'm not excited. I hit the wrong guy damn button. Yeah, they're bleeping everything out. Every other word. Hey, believe you mother bleeping, you know, and they're all, it's all staged. It's all phony and it all appeals to trash. It's all a bunch of f***ing trash. And I'm sitting there watching this stuff. Yes, then I'm taking thank God for the prices right. Maybe that makes me old fashioned and I'm sick and tear your bob barker already with his white hair. You know, take your millions and get out of my face and you're goddamn less stuff. You're not in the animals, too, or whatever you got, you're unsteff animals. But Jesus Christ, what kind of swell are they putting on there? And I'm not saying that that's the reason the kid to go out and shoot each other. But it's just the whole level of American societies coming down to such a point. Oh, we have to have extreme violence and extreme this in faces of death parts. One through a thousand. We got crazy people running around out there. Loona fix. Last night on 2020, they had a segment about a guy that stabbed his wife for a long time. And he did his wife 44 times, stuck there in a goddamn pool, killed her dead in a door nail, and now his defenses that he was sleepwalking. And they had some experts. They can find an expert to tell you anything. Anything you want. If you got, if your lawyer's got an up money, you can find an expert to say the dog did it. This guy didn't hit the fence and they were picking a starting jury selection yesterday. He didn't in this sleep. He's a sleepwalker. Who not only stabbed her 44 times and then stuck there goddamn head in the pool, but then he took her clothes all the bloody clothes and the night they used, put him in a plastic bucket, put him in a car and a garage, put on her for janins in my back to bed. All in a sleep. He's a smart sleepwalker. No, he's a dangerous sleepwalker. As opposed to Luke's sleepwalker, wasn't that his name? Yeah, Luke's sleepwalker. Since we're having a Star Wars crap, here's a temptation. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you feeling? Psychotic. Yeah, I don't blame you. I've actually been Vegas the last five days. Welcome, congratulations. Thank you. You're pleased to escape from this garbage. He's driving just going to say, I haven't come in here this morning. I'm in a good mood. I don't feel all that gray yet. But I'm getting over this cold and I'm sitting here watching another day of this crap. And it all doesn't bring you down. Well, really down. I'm psychotic. I'm thinking, how the hell am I going to do a show now? I'm sitting here watching this crap. I've seen this stuff out there, I don't know if it's been a little bit better. But what kind of garbage is this? Same thing. What kind of a country have we got? A bad one. Well, let me tell you something. Five days out in the Vegas. It was enough to make you feel a little bit better. Have you seen the Venetian yet? Yes. Been out there. Very nice. Beautiful. That is your kind of place, man. Let me tell you, when you walk into there, it's your mouth. I probably take three days all at the latest. You can do tiles, restaurants, Italian restaurants, and must have about five in that place. Dollar slot machines on fire on top of it. Laosio the same story. I've been in Belosio. I've been in Belosio. Yeah, it's big. It's good to see. Yeah, that's a little scary. I don't like it. I had a lot of it roped off. Yeah, I apologize you had to me just look like another big. When you walk in the middle of it, you look around. You could be in any other casino in Vegas. Yeah, you could have any distinctive identity. Except the little flowers at the back, which I thought was good. I didn't see that. No, like a large bathroom. Like pansies, yeah. Yeah, exactly. It was great. I want to let you know that's the niche, and the unbelievable. Okay, I'll check it on. Okay, you'll check it out. Okay, thanks. Bye-bye. Okay, there's a guy that had a good time in Vegas, of course, not here because we don't believe that having a good time here. We believe in making everybody miserable and crotchety and nasty, et cetera. Why do I, you know, the cool hasn't been going too well. I was a couple of days. I had a little bit of the sore throat and the stuff I've had in the headaches. And then I went into the public to get some soda's last night. Now, what are you looking at me like that? I see, I don't think there's a problem with this. I don't know about you. I like looking at good-looking people. Okay, it's fact the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that there were a lot of good-looking people out there. And if I look at them, it makes me feel better about life. It gives me hope when you got an ugly old fart like me. And I see beautiful people all were back to that again. Yeah, well, I mean, one of you want to call them. Huh? I don't care, yeah. Unless you a goddamn liar. I'm not talking about, you know, maybe you're maybe your guys out there, you know, your wife is fat and mischaping now and her boobs are down to her knees, you know, and your lover, but nevertheless, she's not too ashamed to look at anymore. Or maybe you're not too ashamed. In fact, between the two of you, maybe you are a couple of big thumbs. And you couldn't, you know, make that socket connection if for all of a money in the world. So when I went out on my public last night getting a few items, and there's our bagboard of the year now turned into cashier of the year. Andrew, great American. Great good solid American kid. There are publics and sawgrass. Now you think that because I mentioned that by name on here, he's going to take a bunch of crap. So what about it? What's wrong with somebody looking good? Is there is there a log in that? Just like JP this morning, I'm in there in the control room. We were bonding this morning. It was tight. We were real tight. Well, of course, you didn't realize they kept inching up closer and closer. Hey, he happens to be a good looking guy, okay? He's working. And we've got mostly ugly people in this radio station with your steps to the Shannon that you brought in here and JP, which I have no idea who brought in here, but thank God. Oh, this is ugly place. It lifts my spirits up. What? To see good looking people. And of course in this world, we favor good looking people over ugly people. We assume that because somebody looks good, which has got nothing to do, they've done nothing. It's like a guy with a big penis, you know, he didn't do anything to make it big. Maybe he thought he was, that's just a matter of genetics. So we favor people who look good over people who are ugly. Of these people, maybe some of the nicest people in the world. Like me, I'm a great guy. But ugly. And good, ugly. And I'm, but ugly, that's right, as in black comes, right? But ugly. That's what they always say. And I've known people who are really great looking and they were assholes. But, you know, when the dark who cares? Am I right? You bet. Well, when I went to this guy, what I do, I have to, I have to make, because if I get too heavily into this shooting again, this, well, I'm going to blow my own brains out here. I can't stand this. And this bitch comes on CNN. Oh, not a good, not a good day for another shooting. Yeah. And as if there is such a thing as a good day for another shooting in school, maybe Friday so we can get a three day weekend. You crazy bitch. God. Oh, I can say is the media is sick and we thought that. Amen. And when I crazy bitch has got to be the one to say it, what does that tell you? 1026 at 560 WQM. Holy, Macon, ah, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neo God. All right. Joe, I'm a mega year in the entertainment industry. The mega year we're all make our boat. I'm a mega year in the entertainment industry. The mega year we're all make our boat. That's how we're targeting friends like all black people. Do, why do you want to say it to so they can tell real cool? Amen. We're in the entertainment industry. The mega year we're all make our boat. Oh. Oh. Why too they get happy to find another word to you that you will be real bad. But now it seems okay. Are you? When I'm drinking chicken, I'm not. Because I'm so sorry. Believe me I'm a three year old neighbor, he's a three year old neighbor, we're all making a boat. I'm a three year adult, he's a three year old neighbor, we're all making a boat. Six and one, ten, six and five, zero, I'll include you. Miss Bailey does a banner, now this every one is now a boat. There you go, you'll. I'll be gladness to poop. I've been switching my feet. Lay in with my rest. I've been preaching it. I got a reason. South African people put the lotion in the bed. And don't forget, yo is always. Ten 33 at five sixty, WCM, look at this tremendous outpouring of emotion and concern here this morning. Man, I got two stick and calls on the board. Nobody cares. What's the ball score is for my spinole? Now you're talking heavy duty stuff. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. I don't need a higher E to date. Okay. I'll tell you what it is. What it is? The kids have no respect for authority today. And believe it or not, I only 23. But you know what it is today? The parents can't discipline them. The minute their parents fake all the behind. I'll call the cops and you're abused me. Mm-hmm. And they're there to this bank. If they don't respect their parents, they're not going to respect anybody else. How can you not have respect for human life? How can I have a life be so cheap in this country and nobody seems to care about it? I care. You know, we can only do so much. There's not a few people that care. Nobody gives a crap. Nobody cares. They're more excited about freaking Star Wars, man. Well, they have a cares about something that anybody's going to figure out anyway. I still have figured out how four, five, six came up before number one. And I don't care because I'm not going to see it. So, this is more important than worried about Star Wars or who's coming out of what new music's coming out of. Who are the hockey game, let's say, is more important than all that. And there wasn't any hockey game anyway, so we're here. Okay, have a great day, sir. One call left on our board here today. Another shooting this morning at the high school in, in of all places, Coniors, Georgia, right outside of Atlanta, where all those good red next are, where the Virgin Mary comes over here. And you people got another to say about it. Six more kids got right there in school on the last day at school. And you wonder why, city wearing just get apoplectic about a country where nobody gives a crap. They don't even get angry about it. Like Howard Beal says, I don't know what the answers are, but first you got to get mad. They don't even get mad. They don't care. Here's the fact that it's yesterday morning in the middle school in Aventura. A kid put a substance to the AC vents and the kids had to be evacuated for a while. I have two kids there and while the school doesn't know who are what the kids know, but nobody wants to snitch. While the school doesn't know I called this morning what substance was my kid told me it was pepper spray. Nice school and an Aventura Highland Highland Oats Middle School yesterday. Just a bunch of outer control, aberrant pumps, shooting and doing all kinds of Luna and bombs. You name it. And everybody just sits back. Oh, come out. Well, it's going to be Star Wars, man. Let's go see Obey One, the You're Noby. A bunch of silly crap for overgrown children who want to dress up. Okay. They have a name for guys who want to dress up. Okay. Go to San Francisco, Roth there and hate Ashbury. Go to Castro Street. Pardon that name. Go dress up and drag be a professional drag queen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one. I should have stayed home and bed today again, you know. I can ask, oh, am I neighbor by the way? The lady who's husband owns Jack around the pizza, the one who's four doors down, who's a very nice lady, but f*** f*** f*** f*** f*** off. I'm off. Can she talk of a storm? But very nice. She brought me by a three big vat to soup yesterday. Can you hear me through my cold? Thank you sweetheart. I'll see you in again in the year or two. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. About the sleepwalk here today. The guy's fixing his filter with a hunting knife and a mouthpiece. And how are you going to get away with it? Yeah. Incredible. What was the hunting knife doing in there? He was fixing the pool filter. Yeah I say. He's a psychological domain. Yeah. And he's right. He's got to get off because he didn't just sleep. You don't remember anything. Yeah. Okay. Welcome to the land of the creative. Oh yeah. This happens all the time. People do very violent things in their sleep. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Only stab your 44 times. She's better than crap. Oh and by the way, let's thank God. Let's thank the judges today who gave this woman the right to die here in Florida. Give her the right to like. I mean, just think about that. They had to go to a judge. She had the right to die. How many years have they had living wills where people say, you know, I don't want any Artificial life support. Let me croak in peace, you know. So now we got to go to a judge. And you saw why the mother shot her by the way. Did you see that story? You'll wrinkled up old mother. She shot her because she overheard her saying that she was going to say mom to a nursing home. Not a good idea. And you'll talk about any mom to a nursing home. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. You're right about the fact that I know respect for human lives. And it actually, you know, it starts right for an example. They treat the partial birth abortion. No, yeah, horses. You got lots of it. Yeah, horses. The fetuses are really good. What they're going to add in here you jack at get out of my face. Another right wing asshole. I mean, you could be talking about peaches in Georgia. And these assholes will start talking about abortion. What is wrong with you, people? Are you crazy? You got them fetus huggers? It's very clear from the things that are going on in this country. We desperately need a lot more babies. We need fetus rights. Let's have a whole goddamn bill of rights for fetuses. Okay, to make guys like this happy. I mean, one track, my, all they know is give us our guns and leave the fetuses alone. And let's keep procreating like rabbits. Let's keep reproducing like cockroaches. And God forbid that a woman should have any say over her own goddamn body. You've got a stickier nose in there. And if then by the way speaking of that, if the doctor performs in abortion, let's blow his crap away too while we're at it. Or blow up the clinic or both. Maniacs. Just, that's all you got in this country. That those are the only people with a voice. People like this jack ass that just called. The nut right wing frames. That's all we got. And everybody else, everybody else is sitting out there doing their star wars and going. Yeah. That's what they're doing. 21, before 11 and 5, 60, WQM, well, before the end. How about light enough of good cigar from next to guys? That's a good way to celebrate the Armageddon. Isn't that coming soon, Armageddon? I think so. I think we're right on the edge of it. A normal smell of it. Oh, it's got you. She's been turned to the keyhole. Watching mom and dad. She's been turned to the keyhole. And those folks have been hanging. Mom and dad were playing pegs. Right there on the bed. Yeah. Running star boobies at the pillowboard getting 10. Mommy's 10 was bobbin. Geo must got whipwashed. I don't know what she was drinking but she got a note must dash. She's been turned to the keyhole. I can show a lot of things. I'm sure you're liking my things. I'm TV. Mommy and dad were hooked together. Like my winking long. What a nice work, something like that. Mom wants the other day to go. Dad went breathing, honey. Mom was on her knees. You have been hot out boobled boobled because she took them well. She's been peeing. She's been pulling the keyhole. Watching mom and dad. She's been turned to the keyhole. The more time we ever had, Mommy watched those little wander. And I started to get sick. If daddy's name is Taylor, one mom asked for a kick. Daddy grilled it inside boobed rat. Mommy wanted more. She's gone back on top of them but all he did was snore. She came through the keyhole. I've got many hats. I can't wait to try to sell. I'm throwing my class. But I can't wait to try to sell. I'm throwing my class.. Run and get them up. Touching Molly from home are just doing things. Yesterday I asked if we should ask. When five and fifty, everything's amazing that's amazing. I think to myself, nothing that happens to I am sure will ever shock the ginger crap. cool spring hello yes man I just wanted to call I heard listen to this morning and I have three children a five-year-old four-year-old and a two-year-old and it's just making me sick what's going on today. It's you said something a few weeks ago about it's parents you know there's a movie on and a parent in the town fees of food the parents freak out. Yeah but they want so let their kids watch and be blown off. Yeah we're worried about body parts in line with those are the things that we're worried about and the meantime we got body parts in parts flying in the schools and not the same ones we're talking about. Exactly I mean it it's scary and I see you know I mean my kids right now are just a preschool and I see things that were you know parents is like they they've got to kid-off and they did that's the end of my response to this and they don't understand it you know. And we got this answer will call it before five minutes ago that's worried about feeders is. Exactly. Before the feeders are they don't care about you what you get out of the wool they couldn't give a crap about anybody you could start to that you'll ever get a lending hand or any interest from them all they care about is stick in the nose and everybody else is business and hugging the fetus. Exactly. Have it as great to be on when does life start. It's unbelievable these people have so much time to grow on that. These are really start focusing on some more important. And then you're gonna happen you can you I can just see it nobody cares nobody cares it's not gonna change. You're right. Yeah the public in this country man they got the average IQ of our food supply they do. I don't I I totally disagree with you I mean so these parents you know I mean they don't want their kids to cry but then you know sometimes you got to cry a little bit. Especially in this country. Exactly. We'll see you. Thanks. See you. Okay down to our last call let's take it highly. Hello Neil how are you this morning? Okay you know what I've noticed at the last hour days is discipline. I believe in I've noticed that parents nowadays are not as strict as they used to be in the old days. Yeah I remember my father when I used to be a kid we used to go out somewhere and I was misbehave just by looking at me. I know that either you know ship up or you're gonna get your ass will ship up or ship up right. And nowadays I mean kids do whatever they want with their parents. Bottom line kids are running their parents I've talked about that all the time you go into a store and the kids the little kids are running wild in the in the aisles and they're they're deciding what the parents are gonna buy they run their parents are about like the nose like they have them on a leash. Exactly they do whatever they want with their parents and their parents see the discipline there's nowadays discipline and I believe that you know it's just incredible I mean you got to remember it's all these people can kill them nobody cares nobody can give them a hand they don't you're you're the only color on this board sir we just had another shooting at a high school right outside Atlanta Georgia which is only the stone throw away from here by the way and nobody in this audience here you know something I'm gonna tell you right now this country's a freaking disgrace you people are a goddamn disgrace how can you how can you sit there and this goes on day yeah like I said this before over the years the Americans have a never ending ability to accept anything no matter how unacceptable it is they can be conditioned to any crack that goes on no matter what it is they just accept it as another goddamn news blurb that's all as another topic for John Gibson on MSNBC the screaming carry on that's what can have another two or three town hall meetings so that Ted Cobb I mean I can't understand how this could still be going on I mean didn't Ted couple have a town meeting on this my right go how hell could have still be going on if we could just after you're four more town meetings with Jeff Reemblum that badly idiot on CNN shouldn't that stop all these things I can't generate while any calls on here today I got two freaking calls on the board because you all got locked off nobody's angry nobody cares nobody gives a flying crap and you make me sit in my stomach I wasn't feeling that great in the first place when I came in I'd like to puke I'd just like to puke the most indifferent goddamn collection of misfits in the world right here in this country everybody running around with their guns oh we don't want to rob government yet the rogue government is in your problem right now mister your problem is a bunch of crazy people shooting each other up every time they get pissed off they just like like the brother the the nursing home story the old bag oh she's gonna send me to a nursing I'll have yeah that'll take your her and it did she's dead and now we're gonna have a big debate on what they should try old grandma there for you know for murder grizzled up old vegetable in a chair in a wheelchair but what the difference is a make here's a mobile in western hello hey Neil I just have a question for I want to know what makes you the expert on raising children meaning what eating you were talking to the lady before and who said I'm an expert on raising children I have two eyes into ears I can see what's going on are you the experts sir I didn't say I was the expert on not already a show counting how to raise children I know I didn't say how to raise children but there's that is do you don't think there's a problem oh I do I don't think you don't think children ought to be disciplined you think there was something wrong with what I said I don't think I do we're like what well you gotta give a case report what's your definition of discipline in other words this is the thing that I just talked about about kids running their parents by their nose and running rampant in the stores and so on you don't see that I'm there in restaurants you don't see that not okay Ray well open up your eyes pal you must be the only one you must be see again he wants to make it attack on me I don't have any children therefore what could I possibly know about raising children right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line takes a genius to see that there's something wrong out there take it takes a road scholar to go into a supermarket right away a restaurant and see the kind of crap that kids are doing discipline baby respect that's what we need and a bunch of parents who care which is very obvious by the lack of response to any any asshole can call in here and attack me because they disagree with what I'm saying or because they have some homophobic comments they want to make that simple that goes on every goddamn day with or without kids getting blow to the end school that takes a lot of material on your part here's a mobile in Davy hello hey new god yes sir got one question how come in this country you know nobody gets to work up about the high school shootings but if they see a slap your kid in the uh... oyster and they want to send you jail your kid and that's then this guy wants to know if that's a good example right there kid need to be slapped in the side of the head every moment and what parents that keep threatening to to discipline their kids and they never do it and i've seen this a million times the kids just laugh at them many people get the parties a little bit more an order this country do a little bit better all okay in here right now let's you know when actually okay hold your breath and then we'll tell you when you're working public that's right don't discipline your kids don't swat him up the side of the head just let him run rampant just let them rule the rules because you know in the meantime you're too busy worrying about other crap anyway here's Davy hello how are you okay um i'll probably get blasted uh what a pun intended come on i disagree with you on so i'm not if i disagree with you on something what happened to my ass okay well i and i don't belong in the inter a but i feel that if this kid wanted to go in and shoot at the high school it wouldn't matter how many laws are in the books he would go out and get it done and do it anyway here we go and he would go out and get a gun where we get it if it does were readily available this country how would he get it how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how to kids and can it to go out and get a gun they don't go out and get it how to kid in and most of the countries in western Europe how the kids and the Netherlands go out and get a gun how to the kids and England run get a gun guess what they don't i understand they don't get them i understand that but i think you're touching on the problem and i think the symptom is the guns killing people and i agree that the big problem don't get me wrong but i think you're touching with the pair the way they raise their kids i mean they keep the guy just called you up i've been taking this kid out the toys are us and buys them a thousand dollars with the new toys today because he feels bad you know i mean i can i don't know we don't know anything about even who this kid is or is out of anything with a student there or anything about his family it's just it's just we that we do know that the family in calarato of the one kid of eric heres we know that the family had to take one of the bombs he made out in the woods and detonated somewhere and she didn't well aware of what kind of crap was going on with him i'm concerned that you are and i'm sorry that your board's not lit up i mean this disshocked assault but i just you know sitting here and calling people names are calling them red wing or fanatical i don't think that's also the problem you know i really don't i think people are the guys i'm thinking you think i believe i'm gonna solve the problem here i radio in this town hey what are your numbers a lot of people listen to you i a lot of people listen but it's obvious the effort that i have to go through to get them to respond they don't care about there maybe some people don't agree with the way you're so trying to solve the problem but calling people right wing fanatics and you vote republicans and this and that and this and that and when and i think i'm calling you i think i'm a publicman when and i think we're publicman well when you nail the right wing and the religious fanatics and everything you know rock let me say some i want to public school until ninth grade yeah my parents took me and put me in a catholic high school and you know something forget the religion part of it they taught me respect for people and how to treat people they taught to me respect for a guy in a dress oh you know big all right now no no no no what that's what kind of problem is i'm just talking if it's an obvious comment whether you believe in the religion and they have difference they they have more different player in certain schools they don't tolerate certain crap and in public schools they put up with a lot of crap there are a lot of things and i'm kind of what you call discipline that goes on in many of the religious schools there are skin i agree with you no i agree with you i'm getting the crap out of the girls in catholic school i mean the stuff that goes on is legendary you were lucky i think you were lucky i'm just talking about respect for people they taught me respect for people i got what a new and a confession or listen to show all the time all right but i'm just talking about respect and they don't see seven public schools i don't feel they see i don't respect the guy that gets it gets the trust of the family and then molester children i don't really get that guy okay are you saying that i do no i'm just talking well like i said you were lucky yeah well maybe or maybe ugly one of the other have a great okay uh maybe maybe he's ugly i don't know maybe father O2 will had you know maybe he was busy maybe he had his women you know like when you go fishing don't they have a limit on that i'm not about the power i'm not gonna say i mean no i don't expect i don't care when you agree or disagree but say something i listen to this guy say something but don't step bringing all that right wing bullcraft he says i shouldn't say right wing about abortion what's a portion got to do with this partial term abortion my ass and then we got men calling in here you well uh men calling in tellin women what they should do with their bodies the god squad three minutes before eleven a qa i'm you know oh that's right we're not doing the idea now because we already did it that's good because the judge was just reminding me about that business history between time-solid and that's fat disgusting pig rosio Donald say people think that i'm just looking for a bunch of rubber stands to agree with me i have to agree with what you said yesterday but she brings and i can't stand time-solid i can't stand in any way shape or form but she was dead wrong you know bring somebody on on an entertainment show like that under the guys of pro talking his new movie and then all of a sudden the ambush him so to speak on on on gun laws because he's a member of the nra he's not a spokesman for the nra which he accused the woman being and she just kept getting more obnoxious and more obnoxious they showed it like 50 billion times i happen to agree with everything she says about guns but she's still dead wrong in a way she did that crap yesterday that pig five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line so you i think will be okay as long as rosio Donald's going to bet for common sense will be okay there's a lady mobile in west palm hello yes ma'am i have three children once twenty six a boy once twelve he's a boy that have a three-year-old daughter and the violence today with this was my twelve-year-old i can't even let him ride the school bus to school because he gets beat up the school bus driver gets beat up they can't keep enough cameras and a's on the buses to help keep our children safe and the school system is completely at last um as far as being able to keep these kids in control and personally i feel the parents really need to get involved and really learn how to parent learn how to discipline into their society the word discipline needs to teach not to beat your kid or slap him across the ramp and parents have also got to get involved with the school to the point where they start backing up the teachers and the in the people were supposed to be disciplinarians in the school instead of this crap that's been gone last twenty years thanks to mister doctor's spark of all my kid can't do any wrong etc. and so on it's always off against the school system my kid can't do any wrong all you got to get involved with your kids you've got to ride the school bus you got to ride the school bus if you don't pick up a gun and shoot from buddy underscore bus because you're trying to parent your children but it's such a violent you know kids you just play with guns and you know the Indians and cowboys and today you know that it's a whole different you know i did you can't have that type of violence shown to these children because they're living program two kill by watching on this violent time TV so yeah but like i said before if they had the proper upbringing like they'd do in civilized countries it wouldn't make any different how much they saw in television because they would know the difference between reality and fantasy that's the whole thing right there just because you see something on television doesn't mean you go out and do it any it doesn't take a rocket science is to figure that out this is a television show this is a movie this is a video game all right the right to the world they're able to differentiate between reality and fantasy in america our kids are so stupid it's so under and have been in silver not other right values didn't have any respect for human life oh that sounds like a good idea let's go kill a bunch of people right and kids today everybody has rights to keep one rights they wanted to be heard just you know they want to be noticed that they're doing it the wrong way and the parents are not in the home that they're not working for school system is concerned all these kids that are disrupting in class today x-bellum now find a special place find a reform school let's start building a lot of the way let the kids who want to learn something learn yeah but nearly we fail them and where the kids going to go out on the streets because they're parents are not to take care of them the parents are there like i said reform school sounds good to me good like me okay i'm in there i'm at a school i'm right the school bus i'll drive the bus okay okay see yeah oh yeah speaking of driving the bus you see the deal with the horrible accident they had with that bus driver couple weeks ago but anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a year see this is a country where nobody cares about these things and now you're starting to reap the uh the benefits so to speak nobody cares about that stuff nobody cares about who's driving the school bus nobody cares about who the teachers are making background checks on child molesters who want to uh teaching at uh a variety of private schools you're putting for real school don't care about these things and i'm in this guy that's given me a lecture about me being an expert on kids let me tell you right now you don't have to have any kids to know that this country doesn't care about kids in the least this they don't give a crap except making money off of them they don't care about them here's my knee beat hello hey now this whole situation is as ridiculous I don't know what to say i grew up uh in the Midwest i had tons of plastic toy guns with my friends my I'm a one my family hunts with wheel done but I need a different reality and fantasy and now my now I have a little brother who's 12 years old my pants are up in uh off-knothill and plantation nice areas is big as concern everyday is getting beat up at school not and and the teachers talk to him and and abonics and you know everybody that he goes to school it can be get a little bit of a great place to grow up and the teachers talk down to care a bit my brother they talk down to him because he's six five languages he's there to learn and you know he's get to that the other day he told me it's the biggest concern out getting crackers I go what what's that and he goes getting crackers roll the kids of a certain ethnicity from an advocate of an offset and ethnicity and a bigger mock great and you know I I cry there's nothing there's nothing but I can do my parents have gone to school they've talked to the ministers they they said they can't do this and they just laugh it but look at these dumb hex from the Midwest this is the city what is it the world they denied it is that work yes that as soon as you show anybody of compassion or empathy for an elementary and being a view has been weak and you're not going to survive this is not this not the Stone Age is it's totally ridiculous and last thing I want to do is have my parents pull them out put them in a cafe for where anything that he does the rest of his life is pleasurable he'll be concerned and feel guilty I don't want to mind work that way so what is there to do see at the passport office yeah good luck okay yeah we got we got principles we got the superintendents we got teachers who are so illiterate that it's embarrassing who could put in a sentence together maybe 10 to 20 they could put together couldn't put a proper sentence together if you held it gun to their head pardon and expression oh if somebody wrote a great column it was a Robert Steinback the day who really was changing it makes sense the funny wrote a good column remember that thing about the kid did kill him high and that big thing we had a couple of years and in fact it was right after our first came back on here was last year like a year and a half ago yeah they really knit that and the button the principal down there saying oh you see we took care of that we censored what they had to say as if that had something to do with it that's right if just everybody talks nice if we just put the ten commandments up there and dress everybody up in the uniform see when you dress them all up in uniforms and they all look the same then you won't have anybody in there with trench coats on see you all another one's redoing the shooting they'll all look the same just you know like the Nazis 9 minutes after 11 to $ fart 60W qM if you're carrying viveee ahh Really best! I can't wait to see you like that to waste no consulting fool It's a year, three stops and the year will have a new sister again Baby old as we know it will be dead The reason is that it's dead, it's a year, three stops and the year will have a new sister again We'll be so high, you won't want to die, not to lonely keep you prime time for two And the present is will be a huge world Now it's been a million years, how about that we're still right here Find something else to do, your predictions will come true And when you find the life, perhaps you'll realize that all those years away Is just another day You said you had a time behind the time When we go through this again and hear you smile We won't be able to watch these days Unless we get great people on my grocery shop I'm sure that's it, we're having a new sister In the past 60s, we had two young people, we got to talk in baseball Donnie B. at 6 o'clock, 630 the Marlin Pregame Pirates and Marlins from the PP Park So yeah, it's good that I played that at that point because it brings back to my last Friday show No, no seriously, this is terrifying As a throwaway comment I mean, just a total throwaway, had a whole bunch of stuff I wanted to talk about, I had usual And I just mentioned, we're getting these people that keep arguing about this When is the next millennium really start? And it's obviously in the year 2001 And I'm, oh, God forbid I should do that again Four solid hours I never had to get the number out, really We could have done 10 hours And almost every single one of these people I'd call was guess what Wrong, wrong, an adamant, hostile The fact machine was smoking Hostile, oh, you're such an idiot, we're listening here laughing at you Yeah And then come to find out after the facts started coming in from the NASA scientist And everybody, anybody with a brain and I see bigger than their penis size Oh, I guess what, I guess you were right This is the level of education you got in this country You've got a bunch of morons running around on the loose, idiots, lame brain Give them a map of the country they couldn't find a state that they live in If you held a guy then, oozy to their ass, they still couldn't find it I mean, you got the idea of a balance in life, there's got to be the ying and the yang and the in and the out And the up and the down, there's no balance in this country Here's what the game is, how much money can we exploit it, how much money can we make from it How much money is Star Wars going to grow, who gives a flying crap That's something that's important, you know, that you're sweet as it's not important But guess what boys and girls, that's the American fucking way Amen, crap, nonsense, nourish kite Here's Western, hello Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay, one thing I wanted to say, unless we know ahead of time where the school shootings are going to happen I don't see how we can prevent it from happening unless you know ahead of time where and when it's going to happen Yeah, these kids will steal guns, so they're going to get guns no matter what Even if the gun laws were stripped or they're going to, they'll steal them, they'll get them one way or another Son of what you're saying, it's hopeless Well, there are things, you know, you could beef up security at schools Yeah, one thing, let me ask you this, and how about arm security guards In a race public school in the country? I would say yes, I do too And one other thing that I don't know if you heard about this, but this might be coming up soon In public schools is see-through backpacks where you can actually see what the kids are bringing in the school Yeah, that's one thing that might be coming up And mental detectors? Exactly That's the only thing I can think of because, you know, these things are going to keep happening And another big problem is, you know, these teenage kids When they're 18 years old, you know, they let them out of jail I mean, you know, the laws aren't scripting up for juvenile Hey man, you know, they need to make money Well, you know, something like somebody 14 kills you, you're just as dead as if they were 22 Exactly, but the thing is when they turn 18, they let them go Right, you know, just like that one of Chicago, those two kids that killed that little girl You know, they're going to be out when they're 18 years old Okay, I don't know if you're sure it could look, son's hopeless 560560, 560 on the 182 wildest one It's hopeless, let's just throw arms up at the air and say, hey, let's have a party Here's linehouse point, hello Hello Neil, how are you? Okay, I'm off to work today early because every 30, 30 days of the month I tried out for my son's school Right, and if there was one scenario where I walked through the hall And the person was, uh, do you work here in the middle? He's a good, uh, what are you doing here? I'm a parent, I can't see my, uh, on the teacher Oh, can I help you? Yes, there's no, that's why I'm here to help you Because you don't have enough parents coming out here But this school to take care of these kids You let them return us the school every day after incident After incident after incident after incident Right, I get there for my son's classroom The teachers like, oh, well, you know, I send home a note the other day And it wasn't that important or drastic shoes Let me know what happens I took her to use in home a note, it's important to me And I come out here and I'll take care of the problem And I'm looking at this lady, she should have been retired 20 years ago Yeah, so, uh, halfway through the school you had to pull him out of her class Excuse me, her descent home a note Because if the kids get home in a parent's right now they come back And I guess they nail her to the wall So that's part of the problem there and stuff But when my son comes home with a note or a just bad of school And all that I put my foot in his ass That's where it needs to be Excellent, and I need to drag from my neighbors out there to the school Because I see their kids off the wall when I get there And that's where it needs to start And these kids they don't need book bag or school Let them carry that damn book to get her right Yeah, how come all the rest of us went there So what I'm going to do is look back and duffle bags And all this other crap, how come we could just carry our books in this That's them carry their they don't need a book bag That's the problem right there It bring in all these Gucci bags and leather bags And all that's suffinates, they're harboring nothing but weapons I mean nobody seems to want to you I'm asking a question, I think it's a reasonable question How does it kid bring a 22 caliber rifle in a school this morning in Georgia How do you get a rifle in a school? I don't even understand how I don't know And the answer isn't put security in school when my child went Well, you feel better if there was security in your school Or a certain extent, you know, but these parents You know, they do they leave their home The kids go to school and they double back and come right back And sit at home, my son leaves home, I have his door key He's his ideas He can I get back and sit at home to get my gun Now he can get someone else's gun But he already knows he can't get that he's gun And if he does get it, he'll be breaking it And as old as he is, he shouldn't have to break it If there's emergency, I'm notified I meet him here I'll pick him up from school I don't let him drive his car to school You know what I'm saying? Okay, all right, keep doing it I still think, you know, if we have to have like an arm camp at every school in the country That's, you know, that's what will have to wind up in See, I think that maybe like adults, responsible people If there's anybody going to be armed on a school campus It ought to be security people Now, keep taking back to see the soldiers with the oozees on the streets in Rome And feeling very, very safe once I got used to it What's happened is still what it was all about Nobody else had any gun, there was no violent crime There weren't anybody getting shot in the streets And in the country where the government changes like every six months There's still not all panicking after what they've been true over there With Mussolini and all I craft There's still not an panic about some rogue government coming in And threatening their safety I mean, that's the lamest goddamic use See, one thing about the gun not to this country You can't deal with a logic When you have to try to have a conversation with them There is no logic They'll rationalize it anyway in every way Because you can't take away their shiny, hard things They're manhood, man if I, it would be like cast-wading them That's what makes them a man, it's having that peace Civilized countries, let me say it again People aren't walking around with weapons I know that comes in a great shock Here's for a lot of deal, hello New God Yes sir I'm going to tell you about the arm guards I have teenagers, okay? And I've tried my best to raise them properly But here's the problem It's just like what you're saying with the fetus hunger The same exact thing They love it, they'll count it They'll say, you know, you're going to protect the fetus Is it going to get to be kids? They don't give a rat They don't care about anybody That's not like I said, that's not of their mother's womb They couldn't care less We got mothers taking babies and flushing them down toilets We got mothers taking babies and flushing them in dumpsters Because there's so many unwanted babies being born They don't care about that That's correct, that's correct And you know what I knew I was in for a long haul When I was my kid, we were about to secure those Six and seven And I paddled with my hand I struck my daughter a couple of times For doing something ridiculous I was like, you're picking up a pin in electrical socket She wanted me to a friend's house And the mother thought, oh, I'm going to do a quick thing I'll call you HRS, use the dues and the kids You know, call me HRS, yes, yes, yes HRS should all be okay, isn't that beautiful? Okay, and of course they saw the house with the macula I was perfect, everything is beautiful but then they went away But the thing is, nobody will let you raise your kids They always have a great idea How about my name? How about my name, they're on goddamn business Um, you know? I realize it's about a new generation No, this is American, nobody likes their own goddamn business In American, you know that? Everybody's in the enter Everybody, everybody has to tell all to everyone All right, and you know what? My kids, before the ages of 10, new wood HRS was They knew what divorce and your parents were They knew about everything you say to get away Listen, believe me, they're going to try Okay, and not because I'm blackness apparent All right, it's because society isn't allowing me to be a parent All right, and that's all I can tell you I mean, it's absurd Good luck Thank you Okay, you'll need it Yeah, let's do mommy and daddy, huh? Perennial, where did they call it? Perennial malpractice? Let's get some more lawyers involved in this Not... 560560, 560 on the AT&T world It's safe In Miami, child Yes At 560 WQ We, uh, I know my sister, all my life But that is why she's now my wife And I think my son may know it's true He's my nephew too Will my daddy, is my uncle's younger mother Is my dear and pro-wed and very, deeply perceived My purpose doesn't exist me Oh Yeah That's what they're saying in crime, you're a judge of this morning, man It's a lot of 30 at 560 WQAM 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T world And I think that's the best way to get a judge That's what they're saying in crime, you're a judge of this morning, man It's a lot of 30 at 560 WQAM 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line 8 million calls, correcting us on when the next millennium starts Almost every one of them are all And here today, man, work like a son of a bitch to try to get any response at all Like I said, they don't give a crap Cross-brain, so hello Hi, Neil Yes sir? Yeah, you know, when I, I'm 40, you know, when I grew up, it was respect to a fear I fought a rules with an iron hand, right? And you know, I went to high school, 4,000 kids and none of us were crazy And the neighbors used to, you know, they take your home too if you did sound wrong It was an all around Africa community and people, people did care, people did get involved Today they hide behind closed curtains and see if you smack your kid And then they'll just report you anonymous, and they're called before, right? You know, another funny thing is today, you know, I wasn't really celebrated the religious holidays Well, holidays, and that was it Oh, yeah, I don't believe in God today because it didn't teach me not to be a criminal or anything I learned at home As far as all these gunnuts, there's only one one fix for this is really no guns Right, I mean, does not write, what we don't have to hunt to hunt to either help I don't think so Like I said before, and then nobody has recued as there isn't one person in this audience That has a rifle or shotgun because they go out in a kill game for their meals Nobody does that anymore I don't know what kind of thing is there's a wilderness somewhere Nobody does that And for Rosio Donald with talking yesterday, there was one funny thing that she said about Well, we don't need to have muskets, you know, the English arm and coming You know, as you go to the second amendment and all that And she was really right about that I mean, so if you've done that, you want to have guns, let them have those single shot muskets They want Okay, I think she was saying time, smell like he was wearing musk That's smell like something Like Nice gun, Rosie Let's see, got a lot of free publicity, but that's what it's all about 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line As we continue pressing and pushing and plotting and squeezing And praying, you should pardon the expression for a little bit of response here A little bit of concern, a little bit of something Well, and I was only 6 kids got hurt, one in the foot, and what do you make it a big deal about? And of course, the gun people, they're peeing in their pants, they're gun hunters Because now even guys like orange pants and all these other gun hunters who are in the pocket to the NRA in Congress Because of the tremendous public person because evidently not here in his town But evidently somewhere in his country somebody cares Because they've been ringing their phones off the goddamn hook Screaming and yelling like wild people, if this bull crap has got to stop Here's Miami, hello Hello Yes, hello Yes sir Both of me, hopefully one second Yes, I was calling the comment on the latch element that spoke As far as having a guard in the house, there in school, anything like that You know, a guard's run banks and any other rob banks If they're just going to cost unnecessary shooting even if you crease Guard, you mistake a word gun for real gun and blow the kid away We don't need that We need to go back and keep it simply, you know Like the case is idea, keep it simple, stupid You're really done, get rid of bullets, the polygaps say Okay, and every, you're wearing the gun, you said, give it to the gun, give it to the bullet Let's start going out confiscating right now, they're going to be knocking on your door before midnight tonight And try You can't take away my gun, oh Jesus 567, 0567, see guns don't kill people, only lunatics Any responsible people with guns kill people 567, 056560, on the AT&T wireless line Coconut Creek, hello Hi, how are you today? Okay, great, I just want to make a nice little story here, I got a story for you Probably going to get kicked out of I work in the field of fire rescue, I see people do silly things all the time It's a little whack of respect for society with morals, whatsoever People don't have any anymore, most of the most part Give a little story, but I have a north-law to do a dog with Jason and a suspect Into a lake, the dog drowned and died Within a day or so, there were two small children killed in any of the Reservation data, West Miami data And within two days, there were thousands of dollars in the trust funds for the dog Not even a single person showed up for the funeral for the children Nice Now is that sad, on society's part? Is that not disgusting? Nobody cares? Well, I like that part Like I said, you read about these stories every day about these scumbags You so call them mothers, take in their babies and try them in pizza ovens And in dumpsters and flushing them down toilets And people accept this, like this is the way things are done in the real world This is the way it's supposed to be Well, how was she to take her ride with us one time? This is the seed of how the silly things people do They do to each other for a dying, for a cigarette They'll just shoot and stab each other and talk about their parking space Yeah Just for the comment on how these kids get into these gangs and they get guns Some parents' idea of parenting is, you know, they make a great book They make a good living They live on cruel springs, plantation, they make a good dollar Well, they're kids, here they go They give them a credit card, a cell phone, and a car They provide for their children They have no idea where they are They're running the streets rampage They have no sense of family so they get the gang And then that's how these gangs started That's why we have so many gangs and cross-prings And believe it or not, there are a lot of gangs and cross-prings Oh, I know that So, I mean, these people do parents If they think they're good parents because they make a lot of money They give their kid a credit card and a cell phone You really need to evaluate what a parent really is Okay, thanks a lot, pal 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T Wireless line You know, that guy that was giving me a son of the answer before about what makes me an expert on parenting What makes your priest an expert on parenting? How many kids has he got? What makes your priest an expert on marriage? When's the last time he got married? What makes your priest who's supposed to be celebrated by the way? An expert on sex, or he's a sex counselor for the whole family, huh? Oh, yeah They had hypocrisy, the bullcraft, the things that people accept Just because somebody tells them it's supposed to be that way Just like I told you other day, in this world, things are very, really what they appear to be on the surface Believe me when I tell you that And you'll never guess who called me at home Not only once while I was sick, but two days in a row To find out what it was that I was talking about that I'm not going to repeat They stopped, that's a clue Okay, that's a hint Who is just losing sleep? I can't even count the number of hours of sleep He's been losing these next several weeks because I know something and he doesn't And he knows that he would like to know it And he also knows that I will never tell him Just remember what I told you, things in life aren't what they appear to be on the surface 222 known as 560 And agency people are assholes Rogue rage is increasingly becoming a factor in many automobile accidents God, God, Julia, you son of a finnish But most of the people involved are men Explore a sign on the Rogue rage universe today They're teaching women who demand equality on the Rogue rage Right! Don't get in my hand, they're you crazy Bitch, that's not a sentence, Benner That's a sentence, Benner! You want someone else? You better! Aglorious sign on Rogue rage news I'll show you how to compete in the aggressive field of automotive assault With our 3.5th attempt successful confrontation engagement He goes, a ratic driver, Nikai Kontat Go to that special place where your CMS always lives The Warrior Sign on Rogue rage universe today Remember our motto, that's not a windshield It's just another glass ceiling Back to the target and take some butt mass Okay, Benner's for the gun hug is out there again CNN just reporting that Al Gore came into the Senate And cast the Tiger King Vota was tied 50-50 Depatched an Democratic gun control bill Augh! There was stricter and more restringing and made more sense than the other one How do you like that? Boy, the gun huggers are losing minutes by a minute Next thing, you know, they'll be taken away your gun Augh! How do you like that? Here's for Lauderdale, hello Yes, switch gears for a moment, yes sir The status of Patrick Humor is at the next game Meaning what? Is he going to play it in there? You're asking me, like I know when I care Right, thought you knew everything And I care about some big freak? Well, the nicks, I mean, yeah, that's a lot of the nicks out to rest Okay, asshole, there's what's wrong with this radio stage You like I said, they could be shooting up kids Two blocks down the street here And we'd be on a year talking about horsecraft Get a goddamn brand new jackass Get on a subway with Bernard Gett Here's Carl Springs, hello Hello, how are you? Okay sir That guy is one of the main problems in society today Yeah They don't care about the people out there They'd rather be watching a bunch of freak play basketball up and down in bed No, okay I just was watching also CNN about that That's right, this guy don't even give a crap about the game All he wants to do is make a bet He wants to make a bet The genuids come back Incredible But see that goes on in society today And like you say, people don't care And that gets passed on for the kids Because all the problems that we have in today's society Ganged, shooting, stabbing the carjacking All that stuff, okay Is kids that had parents that didn't take care of them Didn't know when they were a certain time Didn't discipline them when they were small children When they got big They weren't disciplined, oh well that isn't care where I'm at I'm going to go to whatever I want Okay, if the government is serious about taking care of this Now big issue that's in front of the people That's where our school violence and guns is concerned It has to be a two-fold thing Government has to eventually eliminate all the guns That's not going to happen It's not going to happen But today it's not going to be in it It's a good first step Yeah It's not going to happen All the guns there to be a revolution in this country The gun lobby and the gun nuts are so powerful and so psychotic And so adamant about this, you have to have a war to do that Right And then Neil, the vote was 50-50 Yeah And it had to take someone to have the ball to say, okay, let's do it Well it took a few Republicans who joined the Democrats And then Al Gore had to come in and cast his head And bring him vote Well maybe it took a start The other thing is the parenthood issue His parents are going to have children They have to be also responsible parents To teach those kids the right from wrong From the beginning of when that kid starts to develop a person Now what is that going to happen? Not that going to happen in America Not to often and I see it every day It's different times of the day But you say the guy who said, oh, we don't see the kids Miss behaving in the restaurant or in the mall And here they're, he's got to open his eyes Because that goes on all the time I'll tell you why I see it because I do a lot of traveling I see it in the airport I see little kids, six, seven, eight, nine year old kids Who are running rampant Just going crazy in the airport I saw kids open one of those security doors You know where the alarm goes off And the alarm is buzzing in the security guards They're coming, why? Because the parents are painting the attention If I was a kid, my parents say to me, sit down and shut up Okay, sit in your seat and we're ready to go Then we'll all go over there and get on the plane In the meantime, sit down and shut up And that's the way it should be Exactly, not today When I was raised by my dad He's got rest in peace now He's told me right from wrong And when I stepped the wrong way He was there to step on me Okay, once I got stepped on I knew right from wrong He didn't have to step on me anymore Once I became an adult, he just had to look at me He'd be the face and say, okay, dad I'm going to back off your right Just with looking at me And that was something that I inherited Because he started discipline and he needs From the day one I came out of the womb If I did a wrong move, he was there to stop on me Right The day, it's like everybody was saying Parents rely too much on school And they care and all the stuff Parents start in the home If you're not a responsible parent Then don't have the kids Right Forced there you go Thank you sir God bless you See you Come back to my idea again Forced sterilization You know, it's take a generation to solve this problem But it's worth waiting for Take all the scumbags and sterilize them Line them up Because when scumbags reproduce, guess what? More often than not And it's really not worth taking the chance Scumbags make more scumbags And one of the real problems we got in this country Is that some of the dumbest people You see the dumb or you are The more alien the concept of family planning And plan period All of these things are out the window They don't even know from these things And of course, you know, talking about road rage I can actually hear like some of the people on this radio station Talking about these scumbags Jocks Oh, well, if only we could have an anger management course for Lauren's Phillips Maybe so let's all need an anger You know, average, gross test things happen in this country And we come up with an category for it Road rage Road rage Who in the hell are the herd of road rage We're talking about crazy people doing Aberen unacceptable things in a highway to each other And we come up with a category for it Anger management courses I got an anger management course How about 10 to 20 sounds good to me First scumbags like Lauren's Phillips Which I resent by the way that somebody on this station Not a while and I mentioned any afternoon I mentioned a couple of days ago When I was driving home from work Comparing Chris Antley with Lauren's Phillips Which I resent bitterly hearing that crap I didn't know that Chris Antley beat up his wife Or girlfriend or both of the ads Well, which I don't know I don't think so Did he a criminal record as long as his arm like Lauren's Phillips And somebody on this radio station Who's always talking about anger management courses For scumbags Jocks see their all the apologists All the apologists for trash Evander Holy Molyfield Oh, he sure can fight And even though he did have five kids By five different women, not a whole business wife Or by the way George Yeah, I don't know how many he created by her How many times he impregnated that bitch Skull kids by five different women Mary to none of them Oh and so and so and so and his gal pal See that's another thing the media come up with this crap And his gal pal Stages had another baby Joey Foster she had a baby We don't know how is there a father? No That's the American effed way man Just make babies Don't worry about who's going to bring them up Who's going to spend time with them Who's going to install any proper values and discipline them Just make babies like a hobby Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey Neil, yes sir Okay, check this out You and like the rodeo dotting light Chines with the ketate people What to take gun control issue and make it that if we bang guns And we won't have a problem anymore And I wouldn't think about something like prohibition Remember when we beat we banned the... No, I didn't say that we're going to ban guns It's not going to happen You compared us to Italy and you called that a lot That's right That's right But that would be a huge idea Neil, fascist pdr party over there You don't think people are scared of a small party Becoming a coalition leader No You don't think so No, they're not Have you ever had you been to Italy? I've been several times Yeah, and you're the people scared of it? Certainly are No, they're not No, they're not Oh, please, Neil Are they scared in the Netherlands because nobody has any guns? Neil, Neil Sir, are you going to respond to my question? Oh, sure Are they scared in the Netherlands because they don't have guns to protect themselves? In the Netherlands they don't have a diverse population either They don't have a diverse population How many times do you have been everyone, sir? Never been to the Netherlands Oh, they have a very diverse population They have people from all over the world there OK, Neil, hold on one second How about the Japanese? They're worried about the... They don't have handguns Drugs are legal, right? I guess kids can't get a hold of drugs, right? That answer to the question Sir, that's so far Sir, what you're saying is Let's not make any effort to give a bit of all of these guns An easy access And irresponsible See, there's nothing inherently wrong with guns Unless they're in a hands of irresponsible people That's a good point And kids, kids, what do you say to this? OK, kids, for example, in Colorado Those 18-year-old kids They can go out and buy a handgun They can't buy a pack of cigarettes They can't buy a bottle of beer They can buy a gun You think they might... Just something wrong with this picture? Not at all Not at all Not at all Neil, honestly think about this problem Are you going to respond to what I just said There's nothing wrong with 18-year-old kid buying a gun Nothing at all Society has decided a kid isn't old and responsible Up to buy a beer Or buy a pack of cigarettes But he can buy a gun? Absolutely correct Based on what? He's so wrong And there's no one No one wants to be a gun Sir, we have all kinds of laws They're a lot of our stupid stuff You and your gun lovers, sir No, that's not what you are You're a maniac If you have any of them, you're a dumb man You're a goddamn idiot I will let you finish FNA Not on this show You're talking crap My dog is a little rough better You're crap in the back yard And it's coming out of your mouth right now Racer to lies, sir Oh, that's the law Let me get to a bad law Okay, you jackass That 18-year-old kid need to be going And buying guns You idiot Give him a single advance about the Netherlands Is he ever been there? No Oh, but they don't have a diverse population Rye A diverse population You think they have a diverse population In Congress, Georgia? No They're all about your rednecks Just like one of the mothers in the kitchen The school said on CNN this morning Most of the kids in that school She said, our rednecks They grew up with guns They're obsessed with guns Their homes are all filled with guns Rye full shotgun, handguns, uning, they're gun crazy Just like Amsterdam, right? You're a typical American, sir You talk a lot, you expend a lot of verbiage You go, fuck that, fuck that, fuck that, fuck that, you know And you don't say a goddamn thing And any person, any adult in this audience That would rationalize And an 18-year-old isn't old enough to drink a beer Or to buy a pack of cigarettes But you're being able to go on and buy a gun You ought to be in prison, sir Or to very least, forcefully sterilize So you can't reproduce You're a lunatic Maniac Maniac Oh, yeah I'm not gonna sing, okay? I don't have the voice to sing today Welcome on Arrow round the club tonight And I wasn't bad If I could just get my head to blow up like Joe Rose Arrow round the club tonight He's a lot better since he got that jet-filled in his TV I didn't even know that You're welcome Joe I don't have to grow up I'm not done there up here So I can always feel myself for something bad I did get so many tools When I kill everyone, it's cool So I'm like, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Okay, I'll exercise my right That's why we have our eyes That lets me go to the club I'm not gonna be in prison I'm not gonna be in prison I'm not gonna be in prison But I'll ask that lets me be at the langsam And the drums are asking I call them how to shoot What? He really loves the sad of blood No way, that kind of cute I'm a hummus, I will not be red next With the sad on the insurrect I'm a lifetime member of the NOA That's why I raise the drums There's gun's a rose here Here son Oh boy, switch the mic out I'm glad that foreign Oh, right. Okay, 12 o'clock in five 60s. I'll be the QAM. Think I'm going to make it till 2. Do I sound like it? Huh? Borderline. Okay. Like when I'm done. Five six, seven, five and sixty, five, six, the animal. I've been see I blew it all in that last color. Screaming and yelling and puking. What little voice I got. But you're an asshole, sir, and I'm glad I was screaming and yelling because you're disgusting. You're an idiot. Well, those are the laws. Well, guess what? That's what they're doing in Congress right now. They got a lot of bad laws and they're changing them. So we don't have to have a goddamn wild way shoot out mentality here. Oh, yeah. Oh, and you can't have a bottle of beer, but you want to buy a gun? A gun a month? How about the gun a month club? Forget that. Call me your record club. How about the gun a month club? You can buy one a month, you know? Here's a mobile in Margie. Hello. Yeah, sir. Let's send the grant from Rochester, New York, and the body of your uncle. Well, let me tell you this. I was school teacher 20 years out of. Put what's security in every school? That's number one. Check out all the memo all that stuff. Another thing is go back to the old CC camps. I think they got a few in the state and other states when these kids act up ship them to the CC camps. Put them on conservation work. Let them work hard. Right. We're tired and trained. And let me tell you, the general's are all full. Open up more of these air camps. What do you see? So kids send their camp and they can do construct a thing by doing a lot of work like the old CC camp used to do. And put them to work and another thing. When a guy gets nailed on drugs twice, ship them, give them the book. Send them all the camp. Right. Listen, you do a great job. Let me tell you. Margie and I were friends and you come from great stock. You know why I am? No. No. Dancing Joe. Let me tell you something. Yeah. What I do, what I do, and the day, the one be that day, good day and the whole, the whole year. God, good job. Okay, Joe. Okay. Okay. Okay. I told Rich, you are now. Keep on top of it. He said, no. 560, 560, 560, 560 and a mobile one line. Oh, I forgot to mention this. Somebody facts this in. Computer porn forces Harvard deemed to resign from Cambridge, Massachusetts. The dean of Harvard Divinity School was forced to step down after pornography was found on his university owned computer. Harvard sources said I went there. Oh my God. The university asked Ronald F. Theman to resign last fall rhymes with C.man, resign last fall for conduct on becoming after president Neil Rubenstein learned of the situation to university sources confirmed. The material was not found pornography or in any other way illegal one of the sources said a Lutheran Mr. Theman 52 is married with two adult children. He was the dean for nearly 13 years at the Divinity School, but they found porn a lot is the internet thing. The other wife in there. Well, they don't care. You haven't had any of it getting enough. How do you like that? Like I said, things in life, whatever they look like on a surface, you scratch a little bit underneath, just keep scratching it. And you'll find something completely different. Well, by the way, speaking of scratching. Have we talked to our good friend about I hate to bring this up, you know, on the air I should have done it off here. But while I'm thinking about it, you know, so the bug man that I haven't seen in months and months and months and months and months and months. I got enough little teeny tiny ants in my kitchen. Talk about sending the camp. I could start my old god damn camp. All I need is the uncles because I got all the ants in the world. Little teeny tiny ones and I'm thinking of myself, that was really nice. It's all the head that got coming to that great job on my fence, you know, and press your cleat it. But I thought Phil was also the bug man, you know, it kind of bugs me because he's a great guy, but I never see him. You know what I'm saying, Phil, you're a good guy and you're sweating a lot. And you do a great job when I see you. Here's Miramar, hello. Hey, Neil, I hope you feel better today. You sounded alright. I'm okay. Listen, uh, I get two stories that I saw yesterday sunset, but I think you would be interested in. Okay. First of all, it was right on the front page about the old woman that shot her daughter because she's a terrible person. You're holding her on my head. It did the old lady's home. That's right. I, that's the first person I thought of when she read that was you. I don't know. I don't know. Ever threaten the send-mind of the winners and moments of bad idea. Second thing is, uh, back in the local section, I saw a little article of a family that's trying to sue. I think it's her to retachar because they rented a car to an Irish kid who went out and got drunk and killed somebody in their family. And they're sue-and-herds because hurts you to know that because the kid was Irish, he was going to go out and get drunk. Yeah. I almost fell out of my chair laughing so hard. It's a good point. Ridiculous. Yeah. There's a waste of what's time and, and they wonder about things. But as far as it's gunthing and all this discipline, I agree with a couple of crawlers back. It's got to start with parents. I remember when I was a kid and I did something wrong. All my dad had to do was start taking his belt off. And I knew that I was in trouble. And this is what's got to happen. And the guy crazey, uh, dance and jode, I hope he's not driving. He had a good idea. He had a dance and dance and dance and he had a dance and a trick discipline. Man, that's what's going on with these kids today. They got no discipline at all. Amen. Adios, Neil, hope you feel better. Thanks. Okay, we got a couple of lines on here because we're not doing the year 2000 and when does the next demonium start? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Because the average American, I'll tell you what the problem is. Yeah, that's what I'd like to have like they got it calls. I want to know his Patrick Ewan is the bad boom plane for the next. The missing link. That's what he's worried about. That's what his life circles about. It's catching the guy damn bet and speaking amongst these Solomon's he had here. He speaks to the fish. Okay, so we can't take your bets there. But I'm sure you'll find somebody who can't. And if you can't, I'm sure the people on this station will help you find somebody to take a really good guy damn bet. Hope you lose your ass. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You know what they say never win the Cardo Mick. Yeah. What do you think? And that guy this should read. That was a good point. Yeah, so what's getting us? The guy called the Card back. He's an asshole. I mean, this guy's talking about pro business. He's an asshole. Yeah. He doesn't see the connection. What you got your talking about? The guy who was talking about how, you know, it's okay to be able to buy a good at a team but not be able to drink or smoke. Yeah, right. I mean, pro business was a real personal freedom and anybody who doesn't know that's an idiot, especially he, he obviously sounded all in up to know that. Having a gun is lumping when you, when you, when you own a gun, not only are you, you know, you're bearing the right to, of course, have weapons. But you also have the responsibility, you have to, you could take somebody's right. It's not a joke. I mean, you're drinking smoking, doing drugs, etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., You're only destroying yourself. Hey, and I'll give you a better one. Here's your country that's psychotic about marijuana, okay? Since I mentioned the Netherlands, here's a country that's hysterical. There are all these people that are a thousand and thousands and thousands of people taking up space in jail sales today. jail sales because they either smoked a little bit of dope in got caught with it or they grew a little in the backyard or they sold a little bit of it, whatever was there in jail today, but it's okay for 18 year olds to want to be buying guns. What kind of a country is that? What kind of a bunch of cock-eyed crap are these people thinking about in this country? I got to say the Republican girl heard about hell-bounders in the country for office to do nothing, don't even know it. God Hayton guns, man. I want to kind of change a little bit, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if you saw the best of money, 99 from the New Times. Yeah. There's an article in the Metro session, a man in the miracle, about the Virgin Mary statue, Little Vana. All I got to say is the price, I'm taking some good ass mushrooms. Okay. All right. Yeah. Well, maybe they stopped over in a way back to Rome. The other way to the Vatican, they stopped at Amsterdam. Maybe they didn't have the direct flight. At the end of the house, the name of their place, I can never have the house of conscious dreams. Where they have the magic mushrooms and all these other things here. Magic mushrooms. Once the check-out by Dave Capri, do you think? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 60 on our mobile one line. We got to thank Goldberg Show at 2 o'clock. Let me give an anger management course on it, show today. For all the aberrant jokes out there. I understand we got to pretend these are great guys, so we can maintain the interest level by these people out there. It pretended something important. Speaking of pretending something's important, talking baseball with Donny B. at 6. Marlon's pregame at 6.30. 7 o'clock to Marlon's and the pat at the pirate. How much did the penguins? Anybody here? No. Not good. It's great. Anyone can release some new movies. But it takes a true Hollywood visionary. It's really some movie that's been seen at least 14 times by every man woman in child in the galaxy. Star Wars. In the bombs, loot, above. Star Wars. The same story, the same special effects. Plus a few that worked good enough to make it into the original. Dad, I don't know if I'm that old. I don't know if you're an alien to the pirate or a strange. Ron, Dad, those are not bad. What the heck? You're an pirate. Star Wars. In fact, with no new characters or surprises. Oh, sure. You two took those toys and that was hard. Not wearing any of them. Star Wars. Completely re-digitized in a way that makes it utterly indistinguishable from the original. Call for the dark side. That's a reaction. Go over to the 12th floor. You have to see it with the time to start a wars. See it. That's it. Yeah, I'm going to see it the 20 or 30 times. Okay, because the judge's look is needs a money. 1215 is 560W. You're a little T here. Maybe might save me till 2 o'clock. Anybody think I'll make it till 1 o'clock? No. Very little voice. Here's a mobile and key largo. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Good thing is absolutely ridiculous. I can't believe all these Republican assholes stop in the gun control from going on Pretty particular. Well, they're not in and they lost out today in the Senate. Yeah. Finally. Finally. Like, but a bunch of six-year-olds in a room. Let them beat them. They tell that was baseball, that's what a parents were watching. And that's like the government's stance on this whole thing is ridiculous. And the other put all the gun huggers and Joe Obbey Stadium, and live out of giant gunfighting and ended all right there. Okay, it's fine. Good. At least I'll get to masses in the seats anyway. All right, Neil. Thank you. Thanks. Yeah, I heard D.F. said this money. Better stuff with those overhead shots of the stadium during those Marlin games. In fact, I could do it even when there is no Marlin game, get the same response. Same picture. There is nobody in there. I don't care what they said about 15,000, 13,000. There is nobody in there. So let's build a new stadium. Okay. Here's Liberty City. Hello. Liberty City. Hello, yes. I'm at the common on the shooting in Atlanta. Yes, sir. I'm speaking from the point of being, I'm a third year education major. And my goal is to teach in public high school. This kind of scary when you look at the fact that when I graduate school, it'll probably be a worse and I'll try to bring a bulletproof best of school instead of my briefcase. Yeah. So it's life. Well, if it's going back, if the situation is bad now, I mean, how worse can it get? Then my passion and love to stop. You know, from being a doctor, stop now, from making more guns. Yeah, and then, early there's enough crazy kids out there that, you know, they see it one time and they're all, uh, copycats. They all, you know, if they've worked in Colorado, let's try it in Atlanta. Let's try it in California. We let's try someplace else. Yeah, that's exactly. Uh, they'll put, they publicize the middle thing so much. And soon as that happened, there were bomb threats all over the city, all over the city, all over the country. Yeah, that's one. Exactly. If they won't publicize it so much, it would not happen. A child just got shot at Northern today, Northern High School and, and Cal City is like in a child that's some children got shot in Atlanta. And Georgia is like, they're not publicizing the one that happened in Northern. They're publicizing the one that happened in Atlanta. I'm not saying it's a good or bad thing. Well, you have to just say that when we're on the following stop and when we'll, we find out that if we had no guns, they'll be no shootings. Amen. Thanks. All right. Thank you. 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. Don't get these gun people all wild up the gun, huggers man. Like I said, it's like the cast rating. Oh, my God, somebody stole my penis. All these limp, all these real, limp dick guys out there that can't get it up. Even Viagra won't do it for him. But boy, let him, let him, let him polish that rod man. Let him squeeze that thing and fungle it and the gun too. And to mix them in were real man. Yeah, much on out, baby. Make me sick of my stomach. Lousy education, nobody cares about education, lousy parenting skills, lousy discipline, lousy teachers, lousy principles. We got both parties, one party's out to destroy the public education system. Like in Florida with his voucher bull crap and the other party talks to the game and they don't to look God damn thing. They're both full of crap. Here's a mobile who must ponder. Chill out. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You can explain something to me. You hear all these gun phonetics and they always say that they have the right to bear arms in case the government overtakes them. Okay. Now, I'm sure they've watched TV. What is a handgun or even a machine gun going to do against the weapon tree that the military has today? Exactly, of course. It's not it will be like trying to protect yourself against nuclear weapons with the water pistol. Right. They're taking over whole countries in 45 days. Yeah. What is a handgun going to do against a cruise missile? Absolutely nothing. So they always bring this up. But none of them when they start rolling into tanks. You know, and how the handguns in the world are going to get the job done. Right. So I challenge anyone of those gun phonetics out there to call you and ask that question and explain to what would the handguns and machine gun to do against those military today? Yeah. In addition, which is bull crap on a rogue government, anybody that would say that does not understand the way our government works anyhow. Wait, we just had a President later to get kicked out office for getting blowjons for getting about anything serious. So what's that all they're talking about? That's that's what I want. I'm listening all day long. And I want one to call you up and ask you answer that question. Okay. Good answer. Okay. 560560 more blowjons less guns. That's our model for the new millennium baby. I don't know what any really the new millennium don't start on it again. More blowjons less guns. Okay. If people are going to be shooting in the score scored, let it be that kind. Just don't get the mess on the dress. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. I got something to say here. I think the parents are selling the kids on society without giving them an option. I'm talking about from the day they're born. They're wearing pugies, diapers. Trying out for the pugies commercial, writing in the back of the car going on to eat that TGI of Saturdays. TGI Saturdays. You know. It's just, it's in with all the functions. It's Thursday. Well, whatever. Why should we even have days that we could all the same. You know, like the term daily grind is de-sensitized now. You know, isn't it wouldn't daily grind be a bad thing? Yeah, I'm grinding it right now. Thank you, sir. And the coffee, too. I don't look at me. I have no idea what he said. He killed a few seconds. And my throat's killing me. Well, I actually doesn't heard. I just can't talk. But I got nice cup of tea here. That's easy to make. I make a lot worse. 5, 6, 7. I'm just telling you. I would say if it was better, I'd say thank you. It's making my throat a lot better. It's making it much worse. I think there's only one thing that would make my throat soothed right now. You know, now you know what it is. And you know exactly what I'm thinking now, but don't say it. To the spot out. It would be just perfect. Here's your footer, hello. Neil, long time listener. All right. Very rarely call. We all enjoy, you know, being the world leader right now. I mean, how many world leader and what? Well, pretty much in finance and creativity and in slaughter. Yeah. Well, we're also doing a lot of good things here as far as well as far as creativity. Most of the inventions last 20 or 30 years have been come up by the Jackson and we steal them. And they're not shooting each other over there. I think I can. And just the opposite. I mean, we're the ones that are the creative force that comes up with all the stuff. So what does that mean? Well, what does that got to do with the price of tea? Well, maybe it's the main bit that is part of society. I mean, how many CEOs of companies do we need? I mean, we've got to. I don't understand the point. What's what's part of society? In fact, that we have a lot of CEOs. What does that happen with kids shooting each other? Well, these kids are never going to be CEOs. Yeah. I mean, they're just, well, is that the reason that they're shooting each other? Because they're never going to be CEOs? Well, the government knows what it's doing. I mean, there's plenty of money out there if we wanted to put security guards in the end. And the end of each hallway if we wanted to. Yeah. So in other words, the government now is responsible for this. Well, you, it's not actually responsible. But I mean, they've got to say the government knows what they're doing. Well, they do have the money. And they do know what they're doing. And if they wanted to put a stop to it, I think they could step up and police our schools much more. But they don't. And who's going to be willing to pay for that? The CEOs and the other milk that was CEO. Oh, the CEO. The CEO. Yeah. Yeah. Couldn't I say it better myself? Does anybody have any idea what he just said? No. Does he have any idea what he just said? No. 560. Something about a CEO. Oh. Here's for a waterdale. Hello. Good morning, New How's everything? It's fine. It's a good afternoon. Just like the evening. Listen, I left night I was watching Fox News in Dan Quail, another candidate for the Republican. He's going to link up with the conservatives here and write the church tale into the White House. Yeah. I got no idea where my dog's got a better chance to get elected than he does. He was responding. And there was a talk show, the Denver Credit Against the Conservative hosting it that what American needs is more biblical values. We are Christian. Guys. They said we ought to go back to that because it's America's news. Some people have to tell Danny Boy that that kick is dying out the best out the window. Somebody forgot to tell him that. When they say history, and he's getting a horrible history, history is shown that when there's more religion, controlling the government. In other words, just too much state and not enough church, the times are better. First of all, what business is the government has to do with religion anyway? Doesn't the Constitution specific me for him at that? What does what business is the government got to do with the Republican religion? Well, he was even a church statement to the University of San Francisco and students saying that we've got too much state separation of church and state and not enough church. We need to go back to more values of religious values and that will straighten up all the shooting. But this country has got more religion than all the other Western countries getting together. And for some reason, they're not getting the job done. And they say, go back to religion. And we tried that once. We called it the Dark Ages. It didn't work. Right. And then they got this other character on their saying that where there is a strong religious value is in the deep South and the Bible boat. You don't see these things happening. Why is it like a pioneer's jargon? It's a young girl. It's a Bible boat in the gun boat or one in the same. Okay. God loves you. What was that movie Shotgun? Oh, showgun. 1226 at 5.60, W.K. W.M. Where my throat's getting much worse than that T, by the way. What's in it? God. What is that? Lipton. What is this? Yeah. Lip. I should have brought in my rib tea. But I guess I'll have to make do with this real bad. I don't want to thank crappy tea. That's the way that's like this. What is this? You wish tea had tasted how sick. If you need to do a pussy hover out the morpher. Oh man. What is it called? Instant death. Oh sweet dreams. It's like permanent. 5.6705.6ney, pond 5.6ney, on a mobile one line. Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm hanging in there. Hey, uh, about what you're talking about here, uh, you know, it's like you say you were never going to get all the guns out of people's houses. But it's maybe if they stop manufacturing them. Oh, huh. Telling you one. Right. Eventually, I mean, not in our lifetime. But eventually, maybe sometime down the road, uh, it would make effect on crime in this country. And, um, you know, as far as parenting goes, you know, we had this kid that lived on our block. He was about 13 or 14 years old. And he could terrorize the neighborhood. And he assaulted my kid one day. He beat him up. And he could do this to a lot of the kids. He was a real bully. And I went to have a word with his parents one day. And both of them came to the door. And he comes up. He saw with me, he knew that he had a problem because I yelled at him. I chased him away when he was beating my son up. And so he interjecting himself. I was trying to talk to his mother and he interjecting himself came right out to the front. And in a minute, you know, here is a little search. The kid couldn't have weighed no more than about 90 pounds. Oh, you know, he was 13. And I was probably close to 200. And if I wanted to, I could, you know, pick him up by a little neck and kill them. But, you know, I'm trying to be an adult. And I'm trying to talk to his mother. And he turns to his mother. As she's trying to talk to me, he's telling her that she should shut her f-ing mouth. Nice. Collin or a bitch. Right to her face. And his father is steaming right next to him, looking stupid. And that's saying a word. Beauty. I couldn't. Wonderful. I was so blowy. Well, the kid now is dead. This was about five years ago. The kid is now in prison, you know. Great. Right. Right. So, yeah. I couldn't believe how this kid is behaved. And I told my wife about it. And, you know, my wife is in the business of handling kids. She, uh, she's a stylist in a kid's hair salon. And she tells me there's, there's an a day that goes by that some parent doesn't bring a kid in there. And she sees the same thing happen every day to a different parent. She's, you know, a totally uncontrolled, uh, cursing their parents. You imagine, in, in our day growing up. Not a chance. Did you imagine saying, not a chance? Not a chance. Curseing your parents. No. My God. Or a teacher. Or a teacher. No. You know, because we've taken discipline out of the school's hands. We've taken the ruler and the paddle out of the principal's hands. I tell you, you know, people want schools to raise their kids nowadays. I tried. And we yet they turn around and they don't want the school to be able to discipline. Mm-hmm. Well, how the hell? That's right. You're exactly right. They want the school to do their job. And then they want to tie their hands behind your back. Exactly. If you want, you know, that was the worst thing. I think, you know, well, I want the, I want the school to teach their kids sex education. But only if it's based on what they believe and God forbid, they should, you know, teach them anything. Other than that. I started to think. Yeah. You know, if they put the paddle back in the principal's hands, and I'll tell you something else, if they started drafting kids at 18, maybe it's just for two years while we're not in a real war. Just if anything, just to make kids grow up. But most of these kids that are doing this stuff, now they're not eight, they're not even 18. Well, and Eric Harris out there in Colorado, we're trying to try to sign up five days before he did the murders. And I've corrected him because he would lie to about taking drugs. Well, that's where the teacher and the principal would look like he said with the paddle in their hands. Well, we'll make a difference until they're 18. And then once they reach out, you're going to have to, let me ask you, how involved do you have to be in your kids life? When the kids bedroom and your garage are full of bombs and explosive devices and guns all over the place, how involved do you have to be? Me personally, you know, I have a computer and I have internet access. OK, I have the option of putting the computer in one of my kids around so that he didn't take up space in a living room. Yeah. And a computer makes a living room look more like an office. But you know what? I felt more comfortable putting in an living room where whoever's on it has to have every, you know, I can watch my kids better what he's doing if he's right here in the living room with me. Right. And if he's in the bedroom with the door locked and you know what, there are ways, if you you buy your kid a computer and I mean, you know, unless you're totally stupid, you know what's going on out there. I mean, there's ways you can see what your kid is doing. You know, involve yourself for crisis. I have a question on other babysitter. It's picking up or television last off, parents had told their kid and father TV for 10 hours a day. Now they can throw them in the bed, you know, the room in the door closed and they're computer for another, you know, eight or 10 hours a day. And that's a babysitter. You mean, you have to even, even if you don't say anything to your kid, I think it's a smart idea for parents to even go in the room and look around, read the papers that they bring off from school. See what the notes are that they're passing amongst their friends. I know, it may sound like a violation of privacy, but you know, kids don't always tell their parents that they're alive as long as they're living in your house, they don't, they have a limited device to privacy. Absolutely. And then, okay. Thanks a lot. Funny what, yeah, I mean, you know, there's a few bombs in the kids room and there's a whole bunch of stuff, explosives stuff in a garage and, you know, guns all over the place where he and all these weird sounds. But why, you know, maybe we shouldn't interfere. And they had to take one of the bombs outside of town and detonate it. But hey, why should they have suspected anything unusual, especially when he's threatened to kill people. Huh? Speaking of the internet last night, that piece on 2020, oh my God. It was on. It was on one of the shows last night about prescription drugs being sold over the internet. Oh, no, it was on one of the local news channels on Channel 6 news. Prescription drugs being sold over the internet, prosack, value, maridia, whatever you want, no prescription. I'm going to tell you the internet. I mean, as much as I support freedom, as of all kinds, freedom of speech, the internet is a gigantic nightmare. They can almost think about that. And especially when you think of all the misfits who are on the internet. It's like a club for misfits. 221 at 5.60 QA, MS. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. So, starting this Monday, 5.60, WQA, MS. Proud to present. The show comes. Monday, 6.60, MS. 3rd stock, radio, it's dead. 3rd stock, radio, it's dead. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 4th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead. 5th stock, radio, it's dead.