4. 3. 0. 5. 60. WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show. It's off to the old 5. 6. 7. 5. 60. toll free in Miami, Tadean Rourn, or Power 5. 60. Better stop all. The old kids of Neil. Yes, colors are anyone else on the show, do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. These really read acquisitions over the measly broadcast group. Neil Roger's on Sports Radio 5. 60. QAM. Anybody have a heart or a liver? If you loved George Martin's recent farewell CD in my life, featuring famous Beatles tunes recorded by such tone deaf celebrities as Jim Carrey, Rotten Williams, Goldie Han and Sean Connery, you'll have similarly flip over his newest last adventure. In my life, Fogium II, the follow-up to the original CD he had no business making in the first place. Here Jack Nicholson, Brian, the A-Fan. We are the A-Fan. I am the Wal-Rest. Conco-Cook a free can chew man. George Martin's in my life, Ogom II, also features Jerry Loe. Hey, Clayty, Madonna, children at your feet. All risers. I'm begging. For your take, is equal to the love. Julie, this is what I'm saying. This is just me. Here's your George Cokes The Bass, out of Matthew Chandler Perry from France. There are the more lonely people. So what are you waiting for? Pick up George Martin's in my life. Volume II today. After all, it's easier than flying to New York to spit on John Lemons Grave. This is Tom Brokeau in New York. I read the news today. Oh boy. All suit tonight. Hey, it's 10.02 or 5.50 WQ and boy. Just over here. I just can't get this thing straight. Now, since they came down here in screwed up our studios last week. Thank you guys. Speaking of screwing things up, something. You know, it's always great to try to blame somebody else. You know, will you screw up? You screw up? A couple of days ago, I said you're like a jackass. I said Lawrence Taylor was a running back. You have to be a moron to say even George knows that's not well. He don't know that. But at any rate, you know, I screwed up. But don't try to blame somebody else. So 820, I'm coming to work. And here's Galby doing the update. And in the maple leaf swam like that, they were leading their division. But 64 points. And I said, boy, I only wish that sounds good to me. And of course, at that point, I realized that he's reading out of the newspaper. Because I've already seen that this morning. The error in the Sun Sentinel. See, that's what you're not admitting, Galby. Is that when you did your updates this morning? Right up until somebody was to tip you off on this. Give it away heads up as they like to say today. But that's another cliche that I just loved. Can we get closure on that heads up? Huh? No, certainly. Can we do do diligence to get rid of somebody's cliches? That's another good one. Do diligence. We did our do diligence. Well, what is that? You know, when you come right down with, but at any rate, he haven't had anything to do his do diligence. Because he's supposed to be the hockey even among those three this morning. And I'd show. Isn't he? No, supposed to be. And anybody who's really following the game would understand that it's been Seesaw back in fourth, out of one two nights ago. They had 60 points. Leafs had 59. It went last night. They got 61. I realized it's nitpicking. But when you're reading stuff out of the newspaper, you're going to get burned. Not that I don't read stuff out of the newspaper. I just take it with 10 grains of salt. Well, this overhead really blows. But at any rate. You know, and here's the Sun Sentinel saying Toronto 64 points out of 58. Both numbers are wrong. And like a guilty finally said later on when he was trying to cover his tracks. They got him in the article. They're being in the northwest of his instead of the northeast. More mistakes this time from the Sun Sentinel. Both your bookshelig newspapers just mistake after mistake after mistake. If you're looking for information and either one of these newspapers, you probably won't get much. If any. And this is this is the kind of so-called journalism. I could get when you'd deal with children. With little being people. You look at the various people we've spoken to over the years from the newspapers. And like I said, here's the the fall rating book for radio comes out. How much what a week ago Monday it was now. This is Wednesday like 10 days ago tomorrow be 10 days. Oh, yeah, tomorrow be 10 days by the way. Huh. As in that checkship be due for me tomorrow. Now George, that's another story. But at any rate. So 10 days ago the thing comes out and is there been an article in the newspaper in a hero? No. No. In the Palm Beach post? No. Any word down here about the fall rating book? I mean, yes, there are people who care about these things. Of course, it's good for me because that means more people have to tune into this show to find out what the ratings are. Because those papers have decided, well, we can't be bothered with that. Right Tom, jika? I mean, what are we going to do with Tom, jika? He's not a bad guy. You know, every now and then he writes something nice about me. But when you come right down with, it's exactly. And as far as the hero does concern, they don't this week. They don't have some kid from off the street for $3 an hour. Who even owns a radio? Much less can write something about it. So, you know, I don't want to, I'm sure I do. Yes, I do want to do a lot of things because it bears out everything I always say. Bush league, baby. Toronto's got 64 points, right? No. No. And Jaldi sitting there reading it right out of the newspaper passing along bad misinformation. And then all of a sudden somebody tips him off. I guess what? I'll write it up, baby. The Sun settles way off. I mean, way out of it. See, I know what's going on, Jaldi. Because last night, I watched L.S. A very entertaining Pittsburgh Buffalo game. Saw that game in its entirety. Watch a little bit of that Phoenix Cowry game which wanted to tie a tattoo. And went to the audio. That's in the least Tampa game was not television available here. And listen to it on radio a little bit here and there. I do like that. See, that's a real fan. That's a real hockey fan. Now, somebody that's reading some crap out of the newspaper getting it wrong. And speaking of reading stuff out of a newspaper. Anybody have a heart or a liver? I go home yesterday and they interrupt whatever was on. He interrupted here's a press conference and here's Walter Peyton. I'm much larger. George of course wouldn't know Walter Peyton from Sandy Peyton. Although he's got a better son tan. But nevertheless, there's Walter Peyton. Now, yes, you know Walter Peyton was a great running back. Chicago Bears. No, he was not a linebacker Virginia. He was a great running back. In fact, that's our poll question. They who was the Bears greatest all-time running back. Geals, tears or a Walter Peyton. Is that our full question that they? No, of course not. But anyway, so he's on there and you've got to feel bad for anybody that's, you know, got some kind of a physical thing. But that's the way the Lord works, you know, he works in mysterious ways. And he's holding a press conference and his spokesman is asking anybody have a heart or a liver, especially that liver part, wither without the bacon and onions. But are we supposed to talk about our friend who's sick and hospital, we're not supposed to, I don't know. Well, I can mention just in generic terms. Sure. Somebody connected with food. Huh? It's not when you're in our own. It's not Jeff Cohen. But somebody who's been a good friend of ours for years. And this is a hospital. We wish him the very best. And he's real sick. He's got real serious problems. And this is your God. This is God works in mysterious ways again. And here's Walter Peyton on there. He's a good neighbor. He needs a liver. He needs because he's got this very rare disease. Which he wants you to understand. And his spokesman wants you to understand to it's not from, not from Drinking. If necessary, it does never have to be liver disease connected with drinking or with HIV God forbid or with, He named like eight under about four million other things that it was not caused from. It's a rare liver disease and needs a transplant to live and people with this disease, which is caused, what do they call it? Primary sclerosing, call in jidus. Effects just three and a hundred thousand people. And unfortunately for Walter, he'd be one of them. The cause of the disease, which blocks the bile duct is unknown, but isn't related to alcohol, steroids, hepatitis, immune deficiency. Still on a freight train or any of these other things. I'm telling you what I'm saying. Just make sure you have a list so that you do understand that he's got this horrible disease, but it's not connected with. Barnardy scing or any of the above. And unless he gets a, it says, the patient's and Peyton's conditions are by an average of two years unless they receive a liver transplant. Now, I'm not going to want to be one of those people to jump on the bandwagon and start, you know, assuming that he's getting preferential treatment or anything like this. Because I remember Mickey Mantle. Do I remember that Mickey Mantle? Even George who doesn't know Mickey Mantle from the mantle on his fireplace, which he don't even have on. Remember that? I'll see as a kid, Mickey Mantle was my hero. He was my idol. I was a big Yankee fan as a kid. Love Mickey Mantle. Number seven, there he is, the, the great Mickey Mantle. For more was he in Oklahoma, somewhere in Oklahoma. Boy, I'm slipping. But at any rate. See, I was, I had more empathy with Mickey Mantle because he was my idol. Number one, number two, maybe because he was a white guy. I don't know. I mean, then, then, that's not true. Was it, is that, what are you laughing about? That, we don't color our feelings about people based on whether they're, you know, the skin color. Huh? Was we? Oh, you do, yeah, I know that. But you do have one very good black friend George. I've had any black. George is best friend is black. This is only a black acquaintance by the way. Best friend is black. Well, kind of like light-complected black, like has a good sun tan. Is that about it? Seriously, don't you feel that we are color our feelings about people? I mean, there would be people who have more sympathy toward the Mickey Mantle. Of course, Mickey Mantle got delivered. Everybody got better shape because Mickey Mantle. I do want to want to make one thing clear. Mickey had cirrhosis of deliver from all that, but he was in it up with Billy Martin and Wighty Ford and all those other all, the crowns England, those Yankee years, cirrhosis. And he came on here and told us all about all you kids out there, stop boozing it up so much. Okay? And a lot of people said, well, gee, you know, we're putting them on this preferential deal and getting him deliverer had all these other people who weren't big athletes and stars and kick it all as publicity. And he got it from boozing it up. We're rewarding him. And then, of course, he got deliverer and, oh, he died anyway. A short time later. Now, Walter Peyton, let me say it again, did not get the disease from drinking, from immune deficiency, from curousing around. All of these things. None of those things. But you still have the feeling just that nagging feeling that he may get's preferential treatment. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Because he was on it with a press conference that some other like a Joe Smith or Mary Jones in Tupel Ole Miss a Sippy somewhere who is desperately in need of deliver may drop down a couple of matches. Casey Kasey is checking a chart. She may be dropping down a couple of matches. Or maybe she's from matches. I don't know. But poor Walter Peyton. So that's something we can certainly address today and just talk about how these jaks. You know, how they get a little bit of preferential treatment because they're superstars. You know, movie stars, football players, celebrities, important people when they get sick. They go away to the top of the list. You know, that's not my opinion. I'm just throwing that out there to see if maybe you might agree with that. On my opinion, that's a zero. It's 11 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 QM. Hey, you want yourself a great meal at a very inexpensive price. You can always count on. You know, they say about death and taxes. You can always count on a great meal at a very reasonable price at the world thing. It's peach a lot. That's right. You go in there and Jeff and the staff serve you up a gigantic fresh attack in meal. All your favorites. Every kind of pasta dish under the sun. And then they got those gate combination dinners. They're too like chicken and be on eggplant. Stuff shells, lasagna, manicati combinations with all your favorite sauces. Which you get to pick up three different kinds of fantastic pizza award winning lasagna. They got strong bullies and calzones. Super subs chicken cachituri. They got the best garlic rolls anywhere. The universe decide a room. Okay. In fact, the menu is sober. You have a tough time picking out what you want. Don't forget every Monday and Tuesday are special nights at the lock. Monday's lasagna night. Tuesday is eggplant night. You buy one dinner on these nights. Get the second dinner for only five bucks. And tonight, every Wednesday. Kid night at the lock where the kid could have free time. The kids get a free slice of cheese pizza or spaghetti with meat sauce and a free soda with it. All on trades. Pizza law fits in the pizza law applies a 3514 South University drive between Griffin and 595 right next door to Nova South Eastern University right behind the pair. One important tons and tons of free parking waiting for it to for delivery. Your takeout call 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80. It doesn't get any better or less expensive than what is it. They say that right. It doesn't get any better or more expensive. I less it doesn't get any more reasonable. And pizza law not to fast it's not the cheapest. It's pretty damn good. This is a fast it. Oh, little bit of pay. And pay. I've all with color. Food is flat. A little bit of pay. Just hit a. Went by holding down this way. On each of my best. I'm back to today. Oh, happy. Look at the whole day. Well, little bit of pay. You take your home. Get in this way. You take your brush. I think you're doing all of you. As you can, check Lisa. Travel away. You can't pass through. And you're stuck here for a long time. You take your land down. You've been playing under a lover's fire. Oh, little bit of a day. You take my home. With color. You take your place. I'll take your little pay. Just hit a. Went by holding down this way. Just touch me so close. Oh, little bit of a day. What do you do? Just a little bit of a day. Oh, little bit of a day. You take your home. You take your little bit of a day. Okay. 10, 16. Our book life today. Who's better to give a liver to David Cross Bee? Bill Cosby, Walter Peyton, Sandy Peyton. Whatever happened with Sandy Peyton and then Bishop by the way. Anybody ever a little more a load down on that? So George was saying during the break that he thought it was a very sad press conference. I would agree with that. It was very sad. And he like broke down. He was a very, you know. And he didn't really want to be there. You're right. You know, they stuck him out there. And they figured by sticking him on or making it into a big story. They'll move him way up onto your hit list. You know, everyone would be surprised if he'd like number two with so a fuller's body into the week. And he deserves to get a liver out would say. You know, he gave people a lot of joy. In fact, I think that some bearers fan as soon as they croaked, you know, bears haven't had too much success over the years. There were real sorry eyes boring thing and had been for many, many, many years. And I think some bearers fan are maybe even like a one bullet. You know, here you go. Here Walter. Baby, have a good time with it. Here's a lady mobile and baby. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great. I just want to know is. How can the sound so bad? What is this? What is everything? Sound so bad in here. You're crazy engineers. You go ahead. I'm sorry. Because I'm on a mobile phone. No, it's this studio is all screwed around now. They really messed this up. I'm sorry. I want to know. I wanted to know if you read the column in today's paper by John Grogan about initially testing. No. Why did not it just talking about how everybody did a study over the last five or six years. Of course. Exactly. About how every single new car never failed emissions of every single car that went through. What if you want to money doesn't you understand that they want to ten bucks. They don't care whether it's fields or patches. Then I'll care about that. Yeah. But that's what you wrote. And you know what they're restending it. They're now they're going to change a lot. And only people with the old cars that, you know, see what all kinds of disgusting stuff are going to actually have to go to a mission. What is that going to start? They said they're like a bill that's being passed shortly. So, you know, maybe like an extra 50 years. Man, and how old? Probably the cars have to be like go over them. Over than four or five years. I think it was. Over than the food was Ramma. Something like that. Yeah. But as just so people like us, you drive newer cars don't have to waste their time and money on mine. And not only that, but the people driving those beat up old cars. They're not spending a lot of money for payments on brand new cars. So I say, so come 20 bucks a piece to make up for the shortfall. Hey, I totally agree with you. Anyway, I think you're all going to say, I thought I have to say. I think you're awesome. I've been listening for a million years. And the women out here actually do love you. All right. Have a great day sweetheart. Take care of you. By the way, Julio, as I'm looking at that stuff that are good for in GF high and thank God we got GF high in here, okay? She went to go seriously. And a lot of guys talk about doing stuff for you. Our program director is useless as a, as a frogs tour. That's right. Who really is not, you know, this business about well, he's not a bad guy. And it's not relevant whether he's a bad guy. There's a lot of guys that they weren't a bad guy. But I mean, useless. He does absolutely nothing for us. The only thing he ever does is tell us where he's going to be, which usually is somewhere beside here. That's the deal. Yesterday he's at the dentist. Some other day he's writing up the shaft again. Whatever he's doing. You know, and by the way, he thanked me to good point. Yesterday, that seemed to be going to the dentist. A hell of a law. A lot more than usual people do. You know what I'm talking about? He sees that some kind of a problem in his mouth. You know what I'm saying? Tough. Maybe he has an attractive hygienist. Or maybe he's just putting some bad things in his mouth. Because that will write your teeth on. Magnumistic about that. Useless. But you have high in ourselves department. Hey, pali. He's a guy that gets stuff for you. You see, you did the same thing. Who else were you picking on and ripping to a? Oh, like Steve Nichol? Yes. No, I'll tell you right now. Steve Nichol would have got stuff done for us. We wouldn't have. We wouldn't have gone through this last far. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You were just a. You're just an ordinary run of the millwissel. He was a special weasel. Okay. Well, at least put on a pretence of the book. And he would have been out playing golf with default everyday. I'll guarantee that. Oh, no. Those who were real. Type boy. Wow. I would never have seen him. They used to drink out of the same glass. Those two. That's how tight Steve Nichol and Jeff de Forest were. Two straws. That's the last straw, Mr. I'll tell you that right now. Jeff, hi, is my buddy. Hey, pala, you come down. See, I said it. That, pala, if you can get yourself in that elevator. How does they get him up there, by the way? You know, John Pina's from sales came out this morning. And he's sitting in the same office with the with the fat boy now. He said he can't take his eye. And by the way, John Pina's is married with a family. He's as straight as the, you know, but he said he can't take his eyes off fat boys ass. Correct. He said it is so. It is so big. It is so huge that he just can't take his eyes off of that gigantic enormous. I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive. Yeah. But at least he brought this research down for us. And we're going to do our own research today. We want to talk to some people that don't show up. And I want to hear from some, you know, Brian from sales told me that the people from Ambul coast are good friends over there who are great. Chinese people, by the way, it's the Chinese restaurant. But then you're there from Toronto. And they're big, make a leap. And they're going to be at the game tonight. All right. Yeah, this morning, another thing before I shut it off after hearing guilty reading misinformation out of the newspaper. And there, I guess, really desperate. In fact, we noticed the phones that is a door nail on that show. That is a door nail. Can you imagine if the heat at the NBA strike wouldn't have gotten resolved? Can you even begin to imagine what this radio station would be like? No. Those 20 hours a day when they're pretending to talk sports. No. Because you would have no basketball. I mean, the football talk that never stops in a station. So boring. Anyway, like yesterday, somebody. I think, uh, what what running backs are going to be available now? And who cares? It's the second of February yesterday. They just played the last football game for months for crisis. Let's talk about something somebody would have brain-mode care about. And Hank Sundar talking about people who talked about morons on a year. I hate to break the news here. But most of us talked to a lot of morons every day. We have some colleagues that, you know, they got something to say. Some not too much in the many of them. Many of them are absolute positive 100% morons. Okay. Make no mistake about that. But at any rate, uh, yeah, Chinese, so they're going to be at the game tonight. And the course Toronto has got enormous. They had not one but two Chinatowns. You know, many Chinese people are there. And how come we don't have so many Asians down here? See, I hate to break the news here about this. Okay, but he's dead now. Doesn't make any difference. You know, Governor Bunkin, the he cool. I told him years ago. I said that demographics are South Florida. You know, because the governor can do something about immigration policy. I said the demographics are so screwed up. We need more Asians down here. And he thought I said Haitians. Yeah. So it's all your fault. Well, he was hard to hearing. Oh, he could. Yeah. So we want to end. Not this is not going to our Haitian friends. Is it? Oh, no, not at all. But we need more of yellow people down here. We need more Chinese people and Japanese and I don't know about Vietnamese. What are we going to be at the news like? Uh, they don't even say it. What? Huh? You need a lot of cabbage. Yeah. Well, that's cheap. No, seriously. How come we don't have some more Asians here? This bull crap about this being a multicultural city. Just because nobody speaks English. I'm sorry. We need more Asian people. There are more Chinese. I mean, Christ is a billion Chinese in the world. You think that we ought to be able to go out and get a bigger share of Chinese. Chinese people are wonderful people. They really are. They're intelligent. They're law abiding and except for a few gangs. They got here and there. I mean, they're just, you know, they're not to be gone guns. They're great. They come here. They actually learn this speaking English because God forbid. They should be running around speaking Chinese. It's amazing. But anyway, going back to these numbers. Thank you, Fat Boy. You're okay in my book. And I'm looking at these numbers again. And you know, something that's astonishing. It's really amazing. In fact, I would be embarrassed to be near-o-casting and talking to, you know, they could write a goddamn, you talk about a sports bar with a microphone. They could write a room at the holiday end. Seriously, they could go back to the higher Regency downtown and write a room and talk, you know, a jam the same number of people in there that we got listening at certain hours of day. Did you look to the average number of people we have listening between one and five in a morning on a station by the way? Did you look at this? 300. Wow. Yeah. We could go out into parking lot and get more than 300 people just from the surrounding hood. We could get more than 300. One to five A and the average male audience. 300 people. But adults, a thousand. Okay. So let's not short change those one to five hours. And it's probably because of that great for a really, really, what that's scratchy voice and a little program. We want to hear from some Chinese people today. We want to hear from some young Julios under 25. See, that's another thing. 25 to 54 don't tell the story. There's most of our Julios listeners, they're like 18 to 24. Either actually an age or mentally. Here is Miami, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. Yeah, hello, I'm 25. I'm not a good matter. So, you're willing to the boundaries when you get to this man's hair position? Am I going to get to it? Do you have it? Yes, I have it. I think it's 40 to 60. If it comes a very jackass, I didn't see it. I didn't see it. I didn't even want you to come to the very jackass. What pages it on? I think it's 40 to see the other yesterday. Oh, yesterday. Yeah, I don't have that anymore. It's long. Well, I'm not going to bottom of the bird cage now. No, my God. What I'm not going to do now, you're going to follow those two of them. You can't go to the commercial, I'm not going to throw off on ice. What is it? Motorcross and ice. What's the hell of jazz? Motorcycles on ice. Yeah, because I probably have it like the night before I'm hockeying. You can really put some deep breaths in that ice. Not for sure. I've been to one of these birds, yeah, put some e-cab. Yeah, there you go. Maybe break a leg would be good. Oh, good. And they can say, oh, what do you see? We've spent a lot of money. We're not going to make the playoffs now, but we give it our best shot. Oh, if you can't, you're trying to get in a redamendant's vlog. I'm going to be a jackass, Rotis. Yeah, I'm thinking about it. Yeah, yeah, that's always very, always good. Good. Okay, thanks for the good news. Check it out. Okay, this is the phone. Sounds all screwed up now. The levels in here, the overhead. Thank you very much to our management and engineering department. We were rolling along here pretty good for a few months. I mean, not that it was great down here, but you know, wasn't too bad. We actually had the level set where they was supposed to be. And then last week, because we had to have another premature big move. And still upstairs, I hear Hank yesterday said that they can't talk to the board-ops back and forth. The intercom doesn't work up there. And then later on, it was saying something else doesn't work out. Because that's the way it is, baby. It's the measly read F and way, which is not the right way. It's the always the wrong way. The screwed up way. The half-assed way. Not slow. Not fast. Half-assed. That's how they do it. Like there was something emergency. I mean, after waiting for like three years, they couldn't wait another couple of weeks to get this thing done right. They just couldn't, no, of course not. Because great head and one press all of his super jacks to have friends. They were the super bowl week. You're right. He's like a sports nerd who suffers from neurosis of the liver. You're right. Forget about Walter Payton. Let's get the liver transplant for Greg Reef. Who's the suffers from neurosis? Sports and the roses of the liver. Man, is he whacked? 10, 27, at 5, 60, WQAM. Remember in good fellows? Remember who got whacked in that? Hey, let me tell you about a great place to have a good time. And that's pomp and awareness. Any night of the week, in fact, every night except Sunday, every day of the week, except Sunday, there's all kinds of sound locusting going on in live harness racing. Every night except Sunday and Tuesday. Like tonight for example, let's see, what's on the schedule? We got February and here. Where is February? Come on, you can do it. Here we go. It's February the third. We got milk for the high-ly sound locusting and noon. We got free hold harness racing, 1230, dobered down, 430, northfield, 7 o'clock, ding a high-ly, 715. Winds are at 720. How do you like that? Metal land, 730, Monticello, 725, and neighborhood from Chicago, 830 tonight. And a great live-on track harness racing car, 735. And don't forget during the Monticello February, February now to the 25th. Two complete dinners for 24 bucks in the top of the park dining room on the 6th floor. Everything from rolls and soup to your on-tray and the dessert as well. Coffee tea. You get to choose from prime rib, herb roast that have chicken or broganorth Atlantic salmon for your on-tray. Complete dinners, too, for just 24 bucks in the dining room with pomp and o park now through February 25. So if you're looking for a great night out, maybe get lucky in one of your bucks. Get out to the pop at a harness post-time tonight for the first live race, 735 and a p.m. Have a heart or a liver? You will find yourself in my stage and flow, protect your inside. Don't say, with even still, or grandmas, or even kneel down, trees, you're never well. Okay, don't drink like hell. It'll surely go back, old flea, just keep it clean. It can't be thick, you'll need a stronger. Don't you ever party hard, if you do, you could die, or just wait in a dark cloud. Oh, I gave the trust me. Happy to do it, 560 WKM, that's our poll question today, who is more deserving of a new liver? David Crosby, Mickey, Maddle, Walter Payton. Take your pick, okay? I don't think David Crosby deserved a new liver. How's he doing, by the way? He's still alive, isn't he? God, Dennis? He don't deserve no new liver. He was a scumbag. He was, I mean, drugs and booze and crap, and just a real, sleeves bag, some pretty good music though. Mickey, Maddle, was much, you know, I think if you look back on American culture, certainly Mickey, Maddle would be said to have a much greater impact on American pop culture than David Crosby, right? How about Bing Crosby? Yeah, he was a real prick, by the way. So you have to post to say those things, because, you know, with show visits all PR, like I said yesterday, the world is 98% PR in the air flash, and the other 2% is talent and real cash, you know how that goes. All of these things, that's right. By the way, it was a great, it's not an editorial per se from the hero, because, you know, if it was a great editorial, they would not have written it, but on the op-ed page, which I'll get to about the guy damn pulp. Thank God, thank you. And if somebody else in America, even though it's from forward Texas, the art of the op-ed piece they got in there, has the guts to a, to everybody else just beautifully reports this, like Newsleeve Magazine, again, he knew this week yesterday. Here's an article about the popes visit in Yadiyada Yaday, and the thing with commuting the sentence to the guy, Missouri, and the governor said, OK, and it just reported factually, as if they have no comment on this. Is there's no outrage that we should have? Is there a way to get a comment on this? If it's just acceptable, that some silly old man in address representing some sex, some very large religious sex, should come over here across the ocean from the Vatican over there, from Yadiyada and his built, and come here and stick to those, not only trying to tell us what to do about abortion and the youth in Asia and this and that, but also sticking to those in the goddamn government, the law, our criminal justice system. And just because this guy was sentenced to death on that particular day, boy, how lucky was he? Yeah. You know how they draw for straws, and you get that guess he got the long straw, huh? That must be it. Huh? Because he just happened to be going to the chamber on the day that the holy father was here. And you know what turned into the time for him, don't you? When he sent that video tape message to the Pope and said, Bobby, you're helping all the boy. I'm a Catholic. And the Pope said, OK, why not? Just like the governor said, OK, that's the saddest part. We need slime ball, yellow liver, lily livered politicians. Why don't they have altered girls? Because they don't have any straight priests. What about for the nuns? I think the nuns get the whiff those girls in shape, is what I hear. Huh? They get that ruler? I don't want to tell you where they stick that ruler. But you can use your imagination. Yeah, and all around the country, they report this story like, oh, yeah, well, you know, the Pope, the Holy Father suggested the governor said, OK, and the scug guys going to, you know, we're going to have to pay. 42 years old, the taxpayers of the state of Missouri are going to have to be paying from now until the hell freezes over to feed this guy and close this guy with that great garb they were in whatever else. And again, even just a supply toilet paper for this guy is criminal. He killed three people, including a 19 year old cripple kid in a wheelchair. He shot and killed two people and voiced them. And he's going to be fed three square meals a day because the Pope decided his life was worth saving. Galileo, ah, screw him, you know, he wasn't such a great guy. But this guy, this murdering son of a bitch, he's OK because of the Pope decided so. And we said, OK, that's the worst part. This is why I'll say it again. One of the greatest scandals in the history of the United States of Frick and America. Or was it the United Freakin States of America? Whatever it is. There's a mobile in Palm Beach, Cholo. Mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, how you doing? OK. Good. I went down in National Caramel, Sarah last night. You went to the Rectal Center, yeah. The Rectal Center. What is scam that voices? Yeah. You spend about 50 bucks just on parking and getting something to drink and that voice. And he can. Right. Well, hey, Wayne's got to, you know, if he can get enough money together, making it for the hairpiece. He needs a good hairpiece. Yeah. OK, that's it. OK, there's a huge bag. Everybody needs a piece, pal. Go ahead. Mike, for these are involved at you big dish bags. OK. OK, we have an open line in a Broward and all three in day. They'd count his off their feet. OK, we're trying to hear from those young Hispanics out there who are like in the closet. Come on. We want to hear from you this morning to show these demographic goodies. Arbitron people that you're out there. Although he didn't do the, you know, like 18 to 49 men, Hispanic. I'm sure that fat boy wants to put the word out there. We want some more stuff from that type that tap scan from his life book. He'll do anything because he's our pal. Hey, pal. Come on. Let's get to more numbers. Pal. Five six seven. There's a numbers four. If five six seven. If five sixty. Pond five sixty on the mobile one line. We got the ankle. Or show it. She'll stay two with two o'clock. We got the voice to it. Six briefly seven o'clock to pregame show with the the golden one. And it's seven thirty. The panthers and the Toronto Maple Leaf. And yeah, they're discussing this morning is Neil going to be wearing his, Napoli who's going to be rooting for the game tonight. Like there's some doubt about that. That goes to show you how desperate they are in that morning show. What a hell of a skill hand becoming here to do more in the morning. I mean, you know, I, with these guys, we'll take up a collection for him. But these guys are desperate. The fact that they're even wasting one second worrying about and Joe, you know, leave it to Joe Rose with I've fed head, leaving the hand. He says, does anybody really care? Who Neo Rogers is going to be rooting for tonight? Especially listening on at morning show. Does anybody care? Talk about something we might care about. You know, like that new player that the Marlins got, I heard they call them back a second time to see if he's getting laid and comes to find out the guy got married last November. And still ain't getting any. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Well, getting back to what you were saying about Asians. I married a lovely V in the newswoman. She worked. Oh, yeah. She works where. And she's a hairdresser. Oh. She worked the day she had her baby. She started getting labor, you know, going to get in contractions. Yeah. And the nail tech was like saying, okay, keeping time. And when they started getting a minute apart, she's like, you got to go to the hospital. Yeah. She goes to the hospital. And the doctor says, okay, it's going to be about six to eight hours. She's like, oh, great. I got customers. I got to do. I'll go back. They're like, no way. Sit down. Lie down. You're not going anywhere. Working a rear end off. They we got married. She worked until two o'clock. Isn't that something? Yeah. Amazing. Nothing like those Asians, man. We need lots more Asians people down in the people down in this down. You got it. Take care of you. Okay. Thank you for the good news. See, there you go. There's a good story. I don't know if you're bad news on your show. We hear the good news. There's a guy that's married to some Vietnamese chick. Okay. Who's working a little yellow ass off. And she's great. Really seriously. Why can't we all attempt to be a lot more like the Chinks? You know what? Seriously. And it's interesting. The, depending on where you go in the world, for example, the Chinese people in China are so repressed by the goddamn Kamiya Pinko government. But what's they get out of there all of a sudden? It's like, hey, I guess what? There's more life than just, you know, we're in a pair of glasses and covering up your slanny eyes. There's more life than just that. You better. You people better get around the world. Okay. Discover the Asian people are the great people. I'm not saying that they're only great people. I mean, certainly there are a lot of beautiful Chinese people. But they don't look as good as the Colombians, for example. And the Colombians just because they don't want us to get too friendly. They, you know, they screw around a lot with the gun. You know, I thought that just to make it not too safe. Because then they'd have too much tourism. They don't want that. They don't want a lot of painting the Asian veaders. School of things up. Especially after that hurricane. Was it a hurricane earthquake? Was an earthquake? Wasn't that in Colombia? They just had Jesus Christ Almighty. Armenia. Armenia. Armenia. Armenia. That was the city. Armenia? I thought Armenia was a country. It is. Yeah. It's also the name of a Colombian city, where they're looting like crazy. So that's our pull question. Where would you rather go wrong New York or Rome, Italy? Or Armenia, Colombia? Other Colombians, boy. They are beautiful people, trust me. So there are little dangerous, they like the drugs. Okay. You name me a culture that doesn't like their drugs. Yeah. 10. 40. If 5. 60. If you weigh them, Hollywood's several gaming. You know, was the country's very first high stakes. Bingo casino. And they've given away $100 million since they opened 20 years ago. Look at how many casinos have opened up in the main mile all over the country. But you know what? Hollywood's seminal gaming is still going stronger than ever. They were the original high stakes. Bingo casino. And now they become much more than that. Hollywood's seminal gaming's got 48. Around the clock poker tables. Waiting for you with seven cards. They're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. And they're going to be a big deal. Arnh way. And get started. Advanced ticket there. On sail right now, it Hollywood seminal gaming on shorter 4.41 Australian road open 24 hours A Seven days week, even on Shivwu's lots of pe packing. And Valley parking a few. Flor is nextIX tolya christ quality five things dx 50 giving away fixed a Mexico City. But who are bringing Mexico to you? That's right. Who are you giving away Mexico? Real live Mexico. I remember. We smuggle nearly the aliens across the border and the real well of the station back. Then we'll give one to you. Imagine your own versatile Mexico. They'll watch your car. They're out. Thank you, or cry. Anything you want. Because if they don't, you'll have them deported. I'll be your son. Here you go. Please attend color. When you hear this, sir. And win a Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans. They think in the loss of Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexican. Eleprate, take a little bit of my own home. Every day. You're very own Mexican people to think to me. At 45 at 5.50, W2M saw me ask you. Anybody have a heart or a liver? You know, I stayed on care about that. This was even George was touched by that story. I mean, you couldn't help watching the kept showing it over and over and over again on every network. Every guy damn affiliate. I mean, I even on the station with a test ban. They were showing water patents of press conference. Very cheerful and emotional press conference. The guy's got a liver problem. He's got a croak in two years. If we don't get this guy, I'll liver. Just because he was on all over the world on TV. And he had his spush for the spokesman was there. Make it a big in Paris and speech. That doesn't mean he's going to get preferential treatment. Does it? These people don't care. And you know why they don't care? Because they don't need no liver. If somebody in their family of some good friend of theirs needed a liver was on a list with 800 people. I had them. And all of a sudden, they became like number 802 instead of 801. And maybe that one day would be the difference between them getting a nice new shiny liver. And not getting any liver at all. And like, oh, hooking. Something like that. Something fairly bad. Then they'd be pissed off about it. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, Hela. Good morning. How much from up to down here? Yeah. For, yeah. OK. Living with a Columbia RA for four years. Great people, great country. Living with a one? Columbia Woman. Oh. Great people. I was there with Christmas. I called you after that. And these people in a million really need someone else. You can see them in the paper. I mean, they're getting all the help from the government. I think. It's countries like this could do a little bit about that. Yeah, don't you think with all the money that the Mediintar tellers getting in there. They could probably be around 100 million to help them out. No, they're medical medical medical medical tellers already gone though. It's gone. It's going to California. It's only California. Like I said, the Thai cartel. I mean, what if all with the Americans to general is that these people never get around anywhere in the world. So they don't have any field. Or you're looking for a parochial sir. They're like little narrow minded people that they're looking for. That's right. That's exactly right. And how can you know that a country like this with all the terrifying right wing crappets going on nowadays? And I have a nice big fat new passport. You're 100% the underperter. Exactly. When are you going to answer that again? Soon. Wait till it's wet. Wait till it's 30 to the April of the Queen. You know, something tomorrow is going to be 56 degrees and I'm still on tomorrow. Yeah. It is. Yes. Not bad. That's the redam right. It's not bad. I'm not. I'm going to tell the Thai still. I have a little beaker. What is it? A little beaker. Oh, you don't understand that yet. No. I think like going around, going around the third of April. And I'm sure that Mr. Great is there in Holland. It's the Queen's birthday. Yeah, Queen's day. That's what they always invite me on Queen's day. I think they're trying to tell me something. That's what I told you. Okay. I should have believed. Hey, have a good day. And back to you. Every time I say that they say what? Well, that's the only word I know. I don't know what to say. How about Donkabel. Okay. That's good. Donkabel. I know that. Hey, listen. I mean, I'm not one of these great kind of linguists. I'm sorry. No, a few were like 20 words in a tad into a three words in Dutch. I'm a great linguist, which puts me way ahead of most people here who either know Spanish or English. Not necessarily both. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That would be another problem. See, that would be another barrier between having all the Asian people come in here is the language. The only problem that they're using out as an excuse is that the Asian people I discovered most places that they go. They learn to speak English very fluently and there's no problem. Or if you go like in Italy, there's a that's really a trip when you see Chinese people speaking flu with a tad in. Or like when you see dark, complexed people in Germany speaking perfect German. And they don't speak, they don't speak Bubanic German by the way. And other come to the great shock you. They don't act no questions, okay, enjoyment. See, guy, let me ask you a question. No, I don't think so. Yeah, I'll deliver. Oh, there he goes again with that guy. Damn liver stuff, man. What is your fall with you in sensitive bastard? And see, I just keep asking myself, why did God do this? Why did he create all these body parts? You know, it's like that alien autopsy on fox, which by the way was totally bogus now. But they sure didn't make it. And you know something that was the best part. They revealed themselves that it was bogus. I'm one of their other shows. First they put on a funny balloony thing. They whip off a whole lot of friends. And then they repeat it because the ratings are real good. And then a few months later they have, oh, exposé. It was all I was all abroad. Tune into punch. Huh? Double the mileage. Exactly. Tune in and get the real blow down on this. It was all abroad. Some of you people were a lot sharper than I was. They saw that phone. They saw the guy with a Rolex on there. You know, just a few hints that maybe that was taped a little bit after 1947. That stupid alien autopsy with a hollow shell of a body there with the, you know, maybe they could use that guy's liver. Okay. He won't be using it anytime soon. And that was the best part. They didn't have like you were. They had organs that just kind of like fell into place. You know, just that they weren't like connected by anything. There were no arteries that were no veins. They were just, you know, one is stuck in over here. There's another one stuck in over there. Like plug in organs, which isn't bad. Anybody ever play with a plug in organ? Don't be so stupid. Yeah, he did. We have open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60. What are we going to do about that morning show? Man, I'm worried about those guys. Because now that we actually sit here, I mean, you know, I, you know, Tommy's a great guy. But when he tells us, even when that, you know, he's got a lighter shade of yellow his hair this week. But when he tells us that their phones were always jammed and the other joint. And then it come over here and mysteriously in this building. I mean, if they get two phone calls in the entire morning, it's a lot. The problem was Billy the Marlon, the Billy the, uh, jet guy. That asshole that I hung up on the other day. Talk about chronic. When you have to talk to Billy the jet fan, you know that Phil Henry is on a plane right now. Just zoom in down here. Any minute. You don't talk about? Are you sure that's what I'm hearing? Haven't you been hearing that? Like just in the last few seconds? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm headed towards Italy in April. Oh, right. Great. Yeah, going to my son is studying in Florence. And so we're going to be in Florence. Yeah, I was in front of me. In Florence, yes, like I said. And Rome. Right. And then we need one other place to do. What would you suggest? Florence, Rome, and I would suggest Milano. Milano is okay. I mean, Milano is, uh, he's, it's okay. Milano? Yeah. Okay. Don't waste your gutting. I'm going to blow your ears out with noise. It's a very noisy city. All right. Well, we'll do, we'll do Milano. I'm going to drop off the Paris and the London and then back home. You're going to Paris. You're going to give the frog some of your money? Well, we got a car, man. I want to, I want to, I want to spy report when you get back from, uh, J. Perry. You'll be real sorry. They're about things. They're disgusting. They're pigs. They hate Americans. They hate everybody else. They they'd throw their garbage on the floor on the ground. I'm a street. They're disgusting. I will give you a spy report. But I promise my daughter, I take their M.A. son. So we got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. Have a great time, pal. Thank you. And I'll read the dirty aroma. So Joe Rose says he likes Paris. We, we, we, we. Yeah. That's what he likes the best. He's kind of our French guy, isn't he? That's what you always said. I like the wee wee. Yeah, but. Maybe that's why he's visiting all those high schools. He was talking about this morning. He also had defa was getting real nervous. That was a strange conversation. About how Joe Rose keeps running around to check out all these, uh, young athletes at all age high schools in junior high and elementary schools. I mean, is there some kind of a message in there or what? How is that? Two open lines in days five, six, seven, five, six, the impomp. Don't even put them on the ear. Now I dumped them on chronic. See your chronic, your an asshole. That was Billy the jet fan, by the way, but I dumped them off because he's a total asshole. And the fact that they haven't even talked to him in a morning show. Tells how desperate they are now. Now that football season is over with. That's pathetic. That's that's tragic. That would be like us talking to the Gilbert. No, seriously, the day that I and we, you know, we had our days like this week. Like recently, like yesterday, uh, the day before that, and probably the day too, pretty weak. You know, you know how this town is. Some days they're in a mood to talk to you. Most days, eh, not too sociable. But I mean, the day that you get that desperate, they have to start talking to chronic regulars, who just absolutely forced the audience is lunging. You can hear them leaping at the dial. To change the station, the punch of buttons, through a dinner, punching their fist through the dashboard. Believe the jet fan, you're a jackass, Pound you have no material in your an idiot. And the fact that they even dignify you by putting you on a phone, even Tommy was just near saying he's begging those guys. Don't ever put this asshole on here again. He begs them. Please with him. And they say, no. Put him on. Remember that? William Holden said that and that work put him on. Boy, what would we call I got, you know? And then of course, you know, he lived. He lived to regret it. Why are you airing? Sheep like this. That's right. That's what he had to answer for. We have two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, animal, animal, one line. I'll tell you one thing, boys and girls out there. We are kicking serious ads. I'm on this radio station. My good friend, Jeff, high, fat boy. What are these numbers yesterday? And I'm just sitting here tickle pink. This isn't the greatest book we've ever had. But it's pretty goddamn good. Especially on a station that's crumbling around us with narrow casting. Talking to Billy the jet fan. Talking about all the running backs. They're going to be available. I mean, come on. Let's go. Already. Let's talk about something somebody might care about. You want to talk about sports. Talk about what's going on right now. Like we got a thousand unsold tickets for tonight's game, which is pretty good. By the way, since the least ever draw it on here for some strange reason. Because people would know a good team. If you stuck it in there. Most of the sighting team, the highest scoring team in the league. Baby 61 points. And spite of what this unsent enough says. First place in their division. Second place in a conference. Second in wins in league. Only to the mighty Dallas stars. Here's excitement at the macaroon in the night. So this 500 Panther pack. And allegedly 500 other overseas. That game better be jam packed even if it is Toronto. Which town here nobody seems to understand who the least are. I mean, you have to be really a very serious hockey fan to have heard of the Toronto Maple Leafs right. Oh yeah. One of the original six back when they had like real teams. Back when it was a real sport. And thank God for the European players. Otherwise, it would be the big. Otherwise, hockey would be the same joke today that your basketball is and your football is. And especially your baseball is with eight million teams. And no, you know, there's there's no new pool of talent. That would be like having 600 new radio stations come on tomorrow. And all of a sudden you're going to have all these great broadcasters come on here. Take a look at the people around the air just in this market. Take a look at the rampant media equity. Okay. Take a look at the sandy patents of the world. And ask yourself, we know that you can't keep diluting forever. And have any taste left. You can have the greatest wine in the world. The greatest vintage wine in the history of mankind. The most expensive wine. And you keep putting water in it and more water and diluting. And you have like basically like a little picture of the wine in the bottom of the glass. And you drink enough and but watered down, swill by the time you get done. And that's the way it is. And that's what's happened on other so called sports, which is why they have to have this big song. And it's the pretended great, which is why they have to make this big, super bowl side show because the game itself usually sucks like this year's. It blow. But hockey at least we got the Europeans. I don't care what done, Cherie says we got all these great European players like you are more Yager last night who had a goal in four assists nine point in two nights. Making passes that other people could only dream of making playing unbelievable. And by the way, speaking of European, Marty struck a play in great again for the penguins last night. Oh, making moves that haven't been invented yet. But not good enough for Doug McLean. You know something I'm glad that McLean got his ass fired out of here. Because he was a good guy, but you know, come like our program director. Good guy, but didn't know his ass from your armpit. That's the problem. Bad judge of talent. And you wait till he gets going with those Columbus straight jackets up. There he'll be real sorry. Real sorry that he ever turned Marty struck a loose. 10 57 at five 60 WQM if you're suffering from hair loss. You look in the mirror and you say, oh, all the time, how you can do something about it very inexpensively to you can call a guy who knows better than anybody in the world. How to make you guys look like a real man again, Charles out for you. Over 25 years ago, he invited the best terrorist system in the business, which is why people with big end to dollars go to Charles as well as shoppers like you guys. Because we're no amount of money anywhere. Can you buy a better or more natural look in system than the natural hair line system? And now Charles is improved that and made it even lighter more durable. And it completely natural looking system that even when your hair is soking what? Nobody can tell it's not the real thing because it looks like it's growing right on your scalp. So if you want to start looking years younger like a real man instead of that way and how ping a ball looked that deep look for the 90s. Then just pick up the phone and call Charles F. E. When you call mentioned the arroggies and you'll give you a 200 al. discount on the purchase of that new hair system. In no time at all, you'll be looking like a real manch. Call toll free today 1-800-321-2413 and tell him that. Told you to call. Tell me what's in here back 1-800-321-2413. But Neil Roger show. Now 1-5-60 WQAF. My amy Fort Lauderdale. It's a laughing guy, my dad, I go on a... Wooo! Heaven but him being real tall. Oh, a tree and a thing. Making those little paving me fall. Oh, a tree and a thing. They all have their eyes and their heads. And they might come from Stockholm. You know that no girl cries in front of their eyes. Oh, a tree and a thing. That's how much you'll show. And a thing. The dark and sweetest things. The end really good at out fast. Oh, a tree and a thing. The dark and sweetest things. The end really good at out fast. Oh, a tree and a thing. All of these things. Feel like drop on the longest hop in three feet of snow. Bacon's by and world war tuned. Y'all show me a tree and things. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah. Oh, man, that's why the Leafs are doing so good as you, by the way. That's Sunday and Frederick Maudine. Oh, right. The more sweet you got, the better you're going to do. Those sweet, you know, they're okay. A little bit neurotic. Little suicidal every now and then. It's booze. They're okay. We have an open line in the Broward 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Our poll question is, they should water paint and get your liver. That's our question. Maybe we got some, because this is the sports station. Maybe we got somebody who's sung on, maybe we can give the blood type and all the other information that they need. We can get somebody to actually donate their liver to water paint and we can have the operation and then like, you know, we'll take up a collection and for their tombstone and a whole deal. And say, thank you so much. God bless you. Here's a Fort Latterdale. Hello. Fort Latterdale. Yes, sir. Good evening. Good evening. First time call. I like your idea about getting more colored Asian. You only mentioned the Chinese from the Vietnam. Colored Asians? How about some brown ones? India Pakistan. Yeah. Yeah, they're okay. How about Pakistanis? Yeah. The guys in the club and the Galazin. I love the guys in the Turbins. All the cab drivers in the limo drivers in Toronto have Turbins. They're all, uh, so many of them in Carriha. Yeah. More rice and cut a joint seal. More one. Rice and cutty, like rice and cutty. Rice and curry. I like rice, but keep curry kind of like a rubs me the wrong way. How about two long and camis? How about one? Camis, we'll have come Camis. Tam, tam, yus? Okay. Have a nice day. What's your, what's your, what's your, how can a China, like I said, keep the money we don't understand what they're saying? Well, seriously, that's another thing about a real city, like Toronto getting to a cab 90% chance, 95% of it say Turbins head. They're great. They're nice people. They don't smell bad. Huh? Never stole a freight train. Drive like a bunch of maniacs. Now you get into a cab down here and, uh, oh, what could it be? Seriously, you can't even identify what origin the cab driver. I mean, I'm not talking about ethnic origin. I'm just talking about human species. We have an open line at Broward, 560, and 0560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T world. So I mentioned the cab. He's made some big money when they, oh, and by the way, I forgot to mention the most important thing. I did mention it a few weeks ago in the story, Broward, we talk about how backwater this place is. They finally got the pushcards. What do they call those things at the airport? And the, and the porters are all bent out of shape. Now let me ask you something. How do the porters make money at airports all around the rest of the world? You go in any other airport in America, go to JFK, go to Atlanta. They have those push, what do they call those? Like trolleys or little, little, little cards for your luggage. Lug it's right. Lug it's right. And by the way, everywhere else, I can Europe, they're free in Skippel Airport, and I'm stood on in Leonardo da Vinci Airport in Fumachino and Rome. Any other real airport, they're free. You know, you go over and you grab one, you stick your bag on there, because you got a walk six million miles to get to the, wherever you're going. Miami, they're only two bucks a day. Oh, oh. Even at JFK, I think they're only 50 cents a row of buck in New York where everything, you know, is price times 10, whatever it is any place else in New York, it's 10 times more expensive, but I think it's only a bucket JFK, and that dumpy airport. But Miami International, two bucks. And it's taken them this long before they finally got the little push card for your luggage. I mean, just unbelievable. Stone Age. Here's a pig report in a, a dayney, hello. Yeah, Neil, I got a little, I got a pig report for him, man. Yes, very, very, very, very, a smelly trooper, northbound on the turn bike. Yeah, between Hollywood, Bullard, and Griffin Road. Got them all pulled off. God bless you, sir. Thank you. Okay, govern yourselves accordingly. By the way, speaking, I'm glad this guy calls, speaking of pig reports. So yesterday I mentioned that on high-endist road between sunrise and browner, that we're doing their usual hiking panky and people were warning each other and blink at our headlights this morning. This morning on high-endist road, north of sunrise. They had the, the, the porchers on their bikes off the side of the road. And of course, they had two people pulled over already. He had a mace, so they were preoccupied. So I just went zooming by, John Boothy would say, just zooming by and lucky with standing still. But so they're kind of like moving around a little bit, I guess. Because we're exposing where all these radar traps are since they're trying so hard to protect the public protect us for ourselves. See, I don't get it. Like at night, I'll go to the track, I'll come home like, you know, from the Pompital Park, I'll go out and sunrise a little of our going with. And I'm going to speed limit is 45. I'm going maybe 52, 55, you know. Okay, I'm going to zip it along because it's at night. And people are going by me like I'm standing still. They're going 70 and 70. I have never ever seen any of those people pulled over given a ticket to go in like 25, 30 miles and over the speed limit. Never seen a ticket. But if you're going like eight or nine miles over the speed limit on high-edits road, which seems to be, that's it. Every part of town has got its special place like in Pembroke Pines, they're on tap street, which is also by height is by the way. Tap between high-edits and the captain Douglas, they love double. The captain, the high-edits, they're very, very big. Always, always hiding under the palm tree there in the median. But high-edits road out there in the plantation acre's boy, you guys, I'm telling you, they must be raked it in. They must be taken up mayor of Veltries, retirement fund there. Just right and right and right in the business. Where are we going? Here's, what does that say? A Juifag mobile interpreter? Yes sir. Yes sir. Neil. Are you a Juifag? I'm not a Juifag at all, I'm Colombian actually. He said he had a couple things in common with you. Oh, he just didn't say what? Oh, he wanted to talk to the Juifag I see. Speaking. So I have a couple things in common with the show right now. As a matter of fact, I'm a young Colombian been here about 20 years. How old are you sir? I am 28 years old. 20 years. We're not so young. I moved you when I was eight. My parents brought me here. I've done well for myself. Yeah, I mean compared to me, your young, make no mistake about that. That's why I stay in Florida, still most of the people are older. Here I went to the Makarena yesterday. Yeah. Now what was the concert last night? What was the ideal? Billy Joel. You went with a Billy Joel? Oh my god. He was great concert, but I'll tell you this. The sound was horrible. I don't know if he acoustic is horrible that place. That's funny because Adam from our sales department was telling me this morning on the elevator that the sound was great there last night. Well, I must hide crappy seats on the old. But I'm not going to give you the sound there blows. Adam is a tone deaf. And believe this, listen to this. We had front row seats. And there was a lady in the wheelchair right across from us. Oh, check this out. There's a big rack running across the floor. So it goes towards my wife. I kicked the rat over. It accidentally goes under the lady in the wheelchair. She's trying to jump up and down and get in the rat away from her. Everybody, you know, the costume didn't get in her up. It was only about 20 people were trying to kick the rat away. So I just placed his brand new and it thought he has the rack all over the place. Yeah, well, that's because the panthers play there. That's part of the ambiance. I guess so. It's got mellow and be back in line up tonight. They figured he'd go out there and fill it. How are you, how are you doing? My allergies are a little everyday. It's just slow. All every day a little bit better, a little bit better. My face, my pussy. It's this building. I figured out I'm saying there's a sickness in this building. Because I walk in this morning, start a gagging and choking. It's in this building. It's probably an old building. It's got the dust. And they dip it through all this construction here. See, so they've got all the dust in the ear and all the stuff from the ceiling tiles. They've all been moved away and all the crap from between the floors is a drop and not. So I'll choke it on the crap in here. It sounds like a good class action lawsuit to me. It definitely does. It definitely does. The quality of life there. Okay, I'll see you in the Bogota. Hey, thank you, sir. I'll read the urge. We have two open lines. You believe that's story about the around two open lines a day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, he's 28. That's not, I mean, that's relatively young compared to me. Compared to you, he's a little younger, little. But I mean, 28 isn't exactly what I call like real, real young. Now what is your rose call, real? Okay, so now, sir, so I'm worried about him. I really am running around to the high school. Check not all these young athletes. We have an amazing intensive conversation about that this morning. And Defil kept sliding farther and farther across the way on the table from the big, big head, big dog. 10 minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WXU, you don't have to have rats in your room or rats on your floor for your carpets to be schmoocy. In fact, you know what happens to the best of us, even if you're very, very neat like my mother. That's right, even if you're one of those fuss budgets like Ma, that every time like any elected is a hair on the floor, you got to like pick it up. Doesn't make any difference because it's just the way life is. Your carpets get full of crap. And if you want them looking just like brand new, if you want to have a great job done guarantee every time you know to call the people the dry concepts. Why would you even think about calling somebody else or slapping home, have you equipment and try to do yourself? You can't do it. It'll be a mess. Dry concepts come in there exactly when they tell you they're going to be there. They do the job fast in a couple hours after they leave your carpets are dry and ready to rock and roll again. And they give you a written guaranteed price up front people. They even start doing the job. They also do a great job of furniture cleaning for you. Great for cleaning spot time. Fibre protection, carpet repairs, implant Oriental rug service, utilization, even complete water damage restoration. A super job at a fair price every time when you do business with dry concepts which I've been doing for a zillion years now. And date County, call them 305, 93036, 93036, 93036, and Howard 94545814739. 581, 4739 upon each 561, 9304739. Study have on heart or a liver? Are you ready for the hottest on the edge toilet tissue to ever hit your ass? You're ready for XTP, extreme toilet paper. This ain't your typical two-pli. It's heavy duty to handle the heaviest duty you can throw at it. We're talking supercharged turbo-block coordinated cardboard with an attitude. We're going to the inner-fly. First of all, you're aiming at the plastic going on. We're talking over the top and up your butt. Can you handle it XTP? It's not just tissue. It's an utterly gnarly, red, two-gitter way to take care of business that will lead you gripping the edge of your toilet seat. Three toilet paper. Who do you want to do more than just why? You want to wipe out. Okay, it's time to wipe the slight clean as what it is. It's 1115 at 560WQA, and what we just keep rolling along oblivious to all of the insensitivities and all the outrageousness that goes on around us here. All of the bush-legness. We have an open line of grower two and day. By the way, I won't read this thing. This is a short article, but I will read it to them. From the op-ed page in the hero of the papal police, derse, death penalty, fewer. Don't mix religion and politics. And it's reprinted from an article in the forward start telegram. But underneath it, of course, they have to make sure to give equal time for another article in the same paper by this Bob race, the As Sanders guy. It works like you may have a little bit of a sun tan, but I'm not sure. And then underneath the some good stuff on the op-ed page. They never write anything good themselves on the editorial page, but the op-ed stuff is pretty good. Like Max J. Castro, a-o, special contributor who says, oh, he's a senior research associate in the Danny Fessell North South Center at the University of Miami. Nice gone, Max, who says, reinstate Washington, DC official, part of using the word niggardly. And by the way, this guy that used the word niggardly is an out of the closet. Out of the closet, white queen is what he is. White gay male used the word niggardly. And right away, oh, well, we've got to begin him out here because he said niggardly, niggardly, niggardly is what he said. Don't be so niggardly and doubly. Man. When would you be embarrassed? If you were the mayor, of course, you know, when you're following Mary and Bury, I guess it takes a lot to be embarrassed. But if you were the mayor of a major metropolitan city, especially the moment of God damn capitalists, where all these guys are getting blow jobs and all the stuff is going on. And the impeachment hearings just seemed never to end. And you're so stupid that you fire a guy based on a rumor because the guy used the word niggardly. And the people who heard it were so stupid, they didn't understand the word that he'd be saying. Jesus Christ Almighty, unbelievable. Niggardly, in fact, even in newsweek here, every God damn magazine, every newspaper, the slur that wasn't. These these mayor draws fire in a wall of rewards. David Howard, the openly gay head of the mayor's constituent services office, had used the word niggardly in reference to his department's funds. Steve, miserly, niggardly with a D with an ARD niggard. Maybe that's the word. Maybe that's what what his name said there in the O.J. trauma. That's what the mark form and said. Maybe he just said that some of those scumbags in the streets were niggardly. That's the n word that he all he did was say that he used the n word after they finally cornered him. And they first he lied about it. He used the word niggardly. Isn't that what he said? No. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, man. I had something nice to tell you. Yes. That I was driving around and there was a car and it had a license tag and it said Neil Bann. Really? Not wonderful. How do you like that? I loved it. That's the beginning words. Thank you, sweetheart. I tell them man going to Italy to try Venice. Oh. Yeah. No. Okay. And then Fort Lauderdale reported for dollar and a hand. What is it? It's a car. The dollar and a hand and Fort Lauderdale. It is. That's a rip off. That's right. That's the word. But at least for a lot of the dollar for this small. You don't have, I mean, what do you really need a luggage cart there for when you come right down to it, you know? You got to wait. You got to wait for one. Oh, you mean outside? Yeah. I see what you're saying. But I mean, like inside the airport, see when you go to like a really a real airport, like a real big, gigantic place where you have to walk hundreds and hundreds of yards to go for months back to another. You really need them badly there. Yeah, Miami. Yeah, I pay $5 a Miami. And then that's why they're soaking you too. It's a good great. Okay, I have a great day. Thank you. Yeah, now don't say you would pay $5 a mile because then they'll be by this week and they'll jack to rate up to $5. I mean, it's just ridiculous. Two bucks to use a two use one of those cart then the porters are bitching. Oh, it's going to cut down on our tips. Let me say it again. How do the porters and the other airports around the rest of the world in real tourist places? And I use that again, real tourist places. How do they make it? I can't survive with all those carts with all the ways that the people I have avoiding having to pay them just let their luggage. How do they make it? How do they make it? Maybe somebody out there being only answered of that. And by the way, have you noticed all the combial places on the streets around here all the change or places? No, no. Like I said, you can tell a major, a real world class city. If there are lots of currency exchange places, like maybe on every other street corner, there's another one like an Amsterdam, like in Rome. Like in a real city, change currency exchange. That means you've got lots of visitors from all over. And you would think, and supposedly, this is the capital of Latin America, North, wouldn't you? But then again, who wants to take those crappy pesos anyway, right? And what do they got? And what is it in Brazil, the real? Oh, get. In fact, when I sign that on a lot of my cars, I sign that get real. And the way things are going right now, I'm going to say, given back, because that ain't worth a frat that Brazilian money. They're screwing us up by the way, those Brazilians. Do we have any Brazilians here at all? No. Huge red queens. Here's Tamara. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you doing? Great. Sir, Neil, since you are such a humanitarian, I was wondering if I could take this chance. Did you were talking about the earthquake in Colombia? Yes. Well, we own a restaurant out here on Pineau and commercial. We're a donation center for the people. We're asking for blankets, canned foods or anything like that. So, if I could spread out the word, and give you an address here. It's a year of 1875 North West, 57 Street, just north of the commercial in Pineau and the name is a restaurant out of Colombia. So, to Spanish people out there, we'll go to the restaurant, see you again. Hi, Parnanga Cafe. Are you in Parnanga? Are you in Parnanga? There you go, sir. Wow. What is that name? It was a Colombian food. We got teach at Rona, we got your niece. So, we got everything for you. But I was just hoping that people would come out and give a helping hand out to the Colombian people, which I hear you love them so much. Yes, I do. You say they're beautiful and I appreciate that. And we need a lot of help, so if anybody's out there listening and can give a helping hand on canned foods or towels, anything that's, you know, that's usable for the people. And anything that the Pope did not leave behind? Exactly. Exactly. So, I appreciate the opportunity and thank you so much for what you do. But I'll keep both of you good work. All right, thank you. There you go. How do you like that? That was the Arrepagai. Well, now what is it? Arrepanania or something like that? What's that? You don't like Arrepas. I think that's probably one of the better things we have at the stadium. I'm not going to like cornbread. You just heard that thing about the Arrepagui, and you've got all been out of shape. We have two open lines in date, one in Broward, 560 and 560 and 560. That's the brand. That's what they call them there. They're the Arrepagui. I've met her. Here's a coral jable, shall I? Oh, nail. Yes, sir. I'm just a nearly think. Yes. You wouldn't have to catch the worst team on ABC Sunday, did you? No. I had a big to do about it. You know, the Sam Donaldson and so forth, and it turns out that the man who took a fence was passed over for the job by the guy who used the word. Right. Yeah, that's in the newsweek story. Yeah, and they went to the... So they used the nigrily for the whole 50 minutes at the end of the show. It was kind of funny watching them. And Sam Donaldson says, well, I'm afraid he's his word from now on. It says, there is some speculation that the black aide who spread word of these supposed slur had hoped to get Howard's job. Right. He was passed over for the job, actually. Yeah. And as soon as he had a chance, and the story broke, and they said, this is what's happening. They were in this... We got the word police again, and even if he didn't say exactly the right word, you'd better watch it because then the claim that you did say the word, then you got real tourists. Well, this is what George Will was saying. And he says, well, what am I going to do? Walk down the street, tell me, go and say something all the sudden, I'm going to become offended because they said something about me. That's right. Just if we call him a Nazi, which he is, I mean, he should be used to that by now. Right. He says, and he says, you can't take it personally. This is the way that you can't take it. In fact, you're old Nazi. That's what he is. Right. If you can't take it, then go back to Chicago. That's right. You get in two cents, and if this is a problem with the world, and you know, we're ever getting on everybody's elders and nerves. When you come right down to it, though, you can imagine George Will using the word nigger, can't you? I mean, let's face it. Why not? Oh yeah. Okay. Have a great day. I mean, can't you imagine George Will, this pretty little right-wing fascist with his beauty little eyes, you know, and a bad bad bad. And that's our question. Who's got the worst hair on the ABC morning, sure one Sunday morning? Is it the sand down with some of the mossy wig or George Will, which I think it's real by the way, but God is a bad. We have an open line in Bride 1 in date, 560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. We got the Hank Goldberg show from the issue. We'll stake two with two o'clock. We got Boogshombie briefly. It's six. We got the pants of pregame at seven. I'm almost forgetting. I'm almost forgetting. We got the big game tonight, baby. Second time, and three or four weeks, Maple Leafs at the Macarena tonight. That better not be one of the C-Tetplace Better We Rock. And we better hear some real enthusiasm tonight. Go, Leafs, go. Go, I mean, who am I going to be rooting for? You guys, and I'm warning you, you better get with the per 40 years. How many people in this town have been a sports fan of one team for 40 years? I mean, most of the audience has even been alive for 40 years. But can you imagine being the fan of one team for 41 years? It is now, by the way. And like I'm going to just drop that loyalty for, you know, like some of these guys drop their pants. No change. No way, Jose, baby. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pembroke Pines, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, name, how are you? Okay. One of the checkered to you, how come you're not, you know, on the grandmissure? Is that, is there was a... All that on Sir, it's history. It's over, it's the need, though. They don't pay enough, or what's the problem? I mean, we love the Ashoteer. They took the show off, sir. They took the show off because they hated me like poison and the feeling was mutual. And the embarrassment finally comes to an end. I'm delighted. And how about liking interviewing Al-Gostin on your show? How about interviewing him about what? Just generally. You know what Al-Gostin's always doing? You're looking for the glory hole. That's right, he's busy. He's an entrepreneur. He's whatever he is, he's eating. He's too busy to be talking about, he's eating. Oh, okay. And what's the story with the cigar lady? With the cigar lady? Yeah. What a good living, can you imagine? Okay, we have an open line and a day and two in Broward. There's the other way around 400 lines everywhere on the board. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pond 5, 60 out of 18, T. Wireless line. Did that guy have anything to say? No. Did I miss something? No. Here's a mobile in Fort Laterdale as we start coming to a screeching halt here this morning. Hello. Anya? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. We're starting to slow down big time. Yeah, you took on that luggage card subject. So I had to call. I'm the who knew that called you a few months ago. Offer and you limo service to the airport. Yeah. And then you bad enough means of once I got off the phone and stuff. Bad amount to you about what? I don't know. My brother said, I'm not right. I don't know if that would be over. So my brother said he's heard you say that or something. It's no big deal. Anyway, I still love you. I've written with many holios, probably, me. You know, it's funny though, because I can understand the port is being fresh. I mean, it's cool to port is, but I mean, I understand where they're coming from though. You know, I worked at the airport and I see the people coming out of customs with like, you you have this old couple with like eight pieces of luggage. Right. And here they are with one of each shoulder. You know, rolling one, dragging the other one and, you know, busking their ass and they don't want to get the guy, you know, three or four dollars to take the luggage to them, you know, out to the car to the rental desk or whatever it is. Because they're cheap. They're a bunch of slippers. They're pretty good. You should know the kind of people that we have coming here. First of all, the only tourist we have left after the Super Bowl is over the French Canadians, the frogs who are cheaper than saw dust. They're not going to give any tip to anybody. Recently, I think this couple out and the guy, you know, the port or take the luggage up is the thing. The customer was with me, give him a dollar, one dollar. The guy lifted me, I was like, hey, don't look at me. I'm not with this guy. The people are so goddamn cheap. They'd rather pay two dollars for the car than give the guy three dollars. I don't know. That's right. There you go. They just saved the buck. All right, Neil. Parlay who cheap-skate. Just keep that in mind. You're every time you see one of those frogs, cheap-skate, cheap-skate. You have a great day. Right. That's why they don't want to pay to go to the ice. We end on there. You know what I want to do at the skating place? They're looking for a cheap skate. We have a look at that. One call left on the board. All right. Let's hear it for this audience today. Now we're going to have steady nonstop phone calls. Very good. Now we're coming to a screeching hall like we do every day on a show. Now I'm starting a lot more like the board on the morning show. Seriously, I've never seen anything like it in my life. Maybe it's just they're allergic to this building. Maybe they're audience. I mean, those sports, there's our little bit slow. Maybe they haven't caught onto that new phone number yet. That could be it. Huh? Maybe if default would just give that number a little bit more slowly. I'll kill a lot more good time. And then you know, then they be into another one of their 10 minute commercial breaks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That's our toll free number for the entire world. We're back on the audio net. Back in four miles. Everything is, you know, hunky dory. Got a bunch of crappy cheap equipment upstairs. They don't work. They can't hear each other on the intercom. But don't complain. Okay. Because Greg Reed will come down and tell you with a straight face. That it's state of the art that he knows how to do it right. You look at him and go. Get out of here. 28 after 11 at 2 a.m. Our friends over at M.O. coast. Let me say it again. They're from Toronto. They're big maple leaf fans. I didn't even know that till Brian told me that today. Now I know why I like them so much. We said the fact they feed me for free. Now they won't feed you for free. But the prices are very modest over there. Especially for the gigantic amount of great fresh delicious food. Every kind of Chinese, I'm free and lots more or two by the way. Not just Chinese food. But they've got that great gourmet center. A sizzling Asian real with teriyaki chicken and steak and shrimp and seafood and handcar prime rib. They've got a sushi bar, a full salad bar featuring fresh shrimp cocktail. I don't forget they never use any MSG. They cook only with cholesterol free, canola oil, which is why everything is so fresh tasting and delicious. They've got a full bar with beer wine and cocktails and a dessert bar that is unbelievable. They've got cakes and pies and chocolates, cream puffs, mounds of fresh food. Even the watermelon over there. How do you like that? And I scream with all your favorite toppings too. Now two locations for you by the way. There's the original Emerald Coast in sunrise and pine island. I have my North American Park Boulevard. And the Brad New Emerald Coast, that one's on Collins Avenue in the RK Center in North Miami Beach, limited reservations accepted. Take on delivery available as well. Also taking reservations right now for Valentine's Day. Please call now because it's going to be jam packed as you'd expect. In sunrise called 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Downs are the red crores. Under ocean skies, wet girls out with girls, and sellers with gives. Let's climb. Right up the crow's nest. Drop anchor with me on the old poop deck. You are the gay boat. Soon we'll be making another run. The gay boat. Promise us that the devil's are fun. Oh, you can be yellow again. I'll be the skipper. I'll be the sea. Is the place you should go? If you stay on deck, I'd like to go below. You love the gay boat. You're just telling me that now that you ran into fat boy yesterday and actually had a hard warming as your hands shaking reunion. I've blocked it out of my mind. Did he say thanks for all the recommendations, pali? Thanks for all the good words you put in for me, pali? Did he say that? He couldn't understand why I was trying to stand back. Did he say that? No, not to me. Other people. Oh, just hearing this, right? Well, I'm talking about to your face. Anybody can say the truth behind your back or what they really feel. That takes no talent. But to look at you like to your face and say, hey, fat boy, you're an asshole. Which if he would come down here, I'd be glad to look at him. Hey, you're an asshole and a trouble maker. But thanks for the attached scan rating stuff, which our PD couldn't get. In fact, if our PD wants to come down here, I'd tell him, hey, you're a dummy in your useless. And you're also a, okay, let's go to sunny aisle. Hello. Something else, yes. Yes, yes, yes, I am. Yeah, I'm in town from Toronto. Come to see the lead. All right, go leave, go, baby. Yeah, yeah, what is it, talk to you about the team? Go, see the fellow and go, Mike Johnson, go, Sergey Burris and go, uh, Brian Burr. Steve Thomas, have a big year. Nice going. Steve is going to the team. Go Frederick, Mo Dean. Go, Kujo. You think they got the teams to go all the way, or do you think they need another couple of players? Yeah, you know, it's hard to say. It's only, you know, we still got a long way to go. They play one 49 games, got 30, uh, some games left to go. They're doing the golf stadium Toronto, holding their collective breath waiting for the collapse. But it doesn't happen. It doesn't happen. We had that one crappy game against the penguins. They threw in there, which was long overdue for a blinker like that. They come back against Washington, tried to blow the game Saturday, but held on for Dear Life Thanks to Kujo. And in last night, they go at a tampon just blow them off like a, you know, because they suck. They're going to be a lot of them. We're kicking ass, baby. They got a nice team. They got a nice balance team. They only make this. We got our defense. You know, they like that wide open pad quins style. So defensively, you know, we got a few problems there. But Kujo is holding this. What is it? Defense is all rookie. Yeah. But, uh, you were talking yesterday. You were ranting about new stadiums and that. We got a new stadium open and up in Toronto. I wonder what you're opinion on the center. Yeah. I was just a couple of weeks ago, just drove right by it in the taxi cab. It looks real nice on the outside. Yeah. But, you know, how are they ever going to replace the gardens? You know, they can't replace it. You know, we can't. Plus, I mean, this new air Canada center is in such a goofball location out there by the sky. Oh, man. The one thing about Maple Leaf Gardens was right in the middle of downtown. You could walk there. You could take the subway raw off there. Yeah. That's great. But, we'll get used to it. Yeah. Uh, and one more thing I, I wholeheartedly agree with the, um, the, uh, yeah. So, uh, I'm trying to share on a country with them. I know. If you guys were smart, you should have said yes. You guys can have your own country. We don't want anything to do with it. That's what you should be saying. Next time. I got to go through it. Yeah. Good luck, pal. See you guys. Go leave school. Maybe area go. There's a real hockey fan who knows Steve Sullivan from Margaret Sullivan. We have two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And out of my blood is starting to start smoking a little bit of a key to that. That things coming back. Now, my, uh, getting the blood is full a little bit. Now that I talked to like a real Toronto Maple Leaf fan somebody really knows about hockey and spend instead of these bozos down here. Most of them will know a hockey puck of your stuck in deep inside their nose. Or stuck about four of them in their way. It wouldn't know. So sad. You know, the waste there time here it is. It's the third of February. Got the Russian rocket on the team. And what are they talking about on the sports station? There you think they're going to. What weren't running back? So you're going to be available this year. You think you know, Danny's got that real crappy arm. He's got a week arm. Oh, my God. And I'm supposed to be to got to talk to Moron. Let's get serious. You can't complain about the sports fans in this town because you got to get a search party to find any real ones. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, the level between. Uh, when you're not on the phone with me and. Right. And. Carable. So in other words, they still haven't done anything about that. We, I screamed and carried on yesterday. And they, what is wrong? I know George Corso's got eight minute things all of which are more important than us. When are they ever going to get to straighten out? Uh, I got a dammit. I'm the guy that first pointed out that. Static. You know, he said. Well, that's come on. You'll ever hear that again. Yeah. You want to know why? Well, I think because everything's over there. That's right. You don't have that ISD in phone line. And everything's going right up to the board upstairs. And you'll never hear that. You'll never hear that again. So at least we're making a little bit of progress. Very, very slowly. I mean, I'd say very, very slowly. I took a business trip over to. I would say very, very, very, very slowly. Yeah. Really. I mean, I took a business trip over to Fort Myers. Yeah. And it, it curls your toes to hear your signal over there on, on the other station. Um, EQ. Yeah. Comes out. It sounds like you're talking into a tin can, you know, I'm so used to hearing your voice over here coming through the AM over here. Yeah. With like normally Q and you know, you've got some timber to your voice. So in the other words, you just say that sounds like that. Is that what you're saying on that, Fort Myers thing? It's horrible. Like I was talking with people in this company. You cheap ass bastards. Okay. They probably can't afford like for an equalized line over there. To get it sounding like a real radio show. So they just open up a pot and slap on anything. Just, you know, cheap. I mean, it sounds like George, no offense to it. But you sound like the bird over there. Oh, my God. I mean, it's terrible. Well, they're just no offense here. If you get to tell themselves on a ballpoint plan. And not only that, but like when they when they do the breakings for for commercial and stuff like that. By the way, Hank thought George did a crappy show on Martin Luther King day by the way, but I want to go into that. Yes. Well, when when when they do the cut-ins, you know, when you announced the time and then they they split over to local advertising. I have a fan that calls, I guess. Yes. You wouldn't believe some of the spots that you hear over there. Yeah. Well, you know, something. I mean, it's, it's out of my hands. I mean, the people over there are kissing the ones who enjoy the show. They kiss the ground so they can get it at all. And, you know, they get whatever they'll feed them over there. And would you explain to me how would you do it? But how would you do it? The company, baby. And in fact, these did I mention these people really are French Canadian. I'm sure I'm sure. I bet you're Greg Reid in the Beastie Boys. I bet you're their Canadians. Would you explain to me how it is that they call it 2 a.m. Over there isn't there just a separate station with separate call letters. Yeah, double the WCN, but nobody ever heard that. And plus they'd have to put their own stuff in there. They don't care. They own both stations. They just slap it on. And that's how that's how split shot the whole thing is, you know. I mean, you know, I, I, you know, I always heard you talking about a tissue roll over there. And you know, you wonder why you don't get calls and everything over there. Yeah. You know, you don't know. We have plenty of listeners. We don't have a phone line. We don't have a toll free line for them to call on. We get some few calls. But they have to pay for themselves in a phone call too. What an embarrassment. Yeah. It really is an speaking of. Oh, thank you. Oh, I'm going to show. Yeah. When he put his show on. Yeah. They caught him off at five o'clock and they put some retard on over there. Well, there you go. I mean, it's like I said, it's just like a patchwork of whatever crap they want. They open up a pot and they stick some bells on whatever they can sell. That's the measly eff and way man unbelievable. Have a great day. Can I just. You know, whatever you say, well, I'm, my finger was on a man. You're not the one. I know he's a good guy, but he just pushed his look. And I pushed the button. We have an open line today. One in Broward 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T wireless line. I'm glad that I can't hear the, what's on the informe. I was that thing over there. I'm seven, seven. I'm glad I can't hear. And we get the spy reports all the time. People telling us about how they chop us off and they're coming in the last half of a comedy because they've got extra teapots, dollar, dollar, dollar. They're selling over there. Whatever they're doing. So sad, so sad, but so true because this is what Greg read in the Beastie Boys think is really broadcast. And that's what they think it's all about. And we apologize for that. By the way, even though it's not our responsibility, we apologize for it because they won't. Because they think they know something because they got a lot of money. Which goes to prove you boys and girls. It's right to have a lot of money, but that doesn't make you smart. Okay. Doesn't make you smart. Just like George says he'd rather be smart and poor. And believe me, they're working on it. 19 until noon at 5. 60 QM speaking of your if your poor, if he may be a smart or not, not so smart, making a difference, you probably need some cash. Maybe you'd like to get a fourth or a second mortgage with interest rates as amazingly bone low as they are right now. Or even a debt consolidation loan. Or maybe you need some cash to go to a hockey game that I get a loan. I mean, after all, you want to take the family, you'll need a loan. Call our friends at 8 a.m. at coast. There's no application fee. There are no hidden charges. There's no third degree. No jerk and you around. They're great people to do business with. They can take your application information right over the phone. If you want or they're coming to your home, your office, whatever. And usually get your food within 24 hours. So if you've had bad credit, crappy credit, you're just tired to go through all the BS. And the third degree with a big banks and lending institutions. Do yourself a favor and do business with my carton, J.K. A. Atlantic Coast. Get the personal service you want and deserve. In date, call 305 944-0733. 944-0733. In Broward and Palm Beach, 954-98787. In the morning, watch you know the June Walk by. All right. Watch you all the June Walkies. You'll see four of A. Go! Look at them weight. Come below. We're three grand last six. We'll see them close. Then we start with I. So let's go to the evening in the morning. Go! Watch you all the June Walkies. Watch you all the June Walkies. In 1445-560 WKM, I profuse thanks to whoever said me this incredible, this unbeatable fax. From US News and World Report, this is going to take a couple of minutes. But you've got to hear this. This is the best. By John Leo, a waspish, negatively slur is the heading. It says the non-impeachment story of last week, the last week of January, was the controversy over the ward,<|ko|>Nigard Lee. David Howard, a white mayoral aide in Washington, DC used the ward and conversation with the black official who took offense because he felt that<|ko|>Nigard Lee, which means miserly or cheap was a racist term. Howard offered his resignation, which was accepted by Mayor Anthony Williams. The mayor explained that although Howard didn't say anything that was in itself racist, using a ward that could be misunderstood was like getting caught smoking in a refinery resulting explosion. The resignation of Howard was of course a shock and a tragedy, but it had a good result too. It sensitizes to all the hidden and hurtful ethnic slurs that darken, oops, sorry, that afflict American life. And that afflict American life and allow the wily perpetrators to get off Scott free, or without any punishment at all. That's why in February and March of 1999, America's alert press court turned up staggering number of coded insults. The deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy deputy seats the grenade into the way munitions dump. In Cincinnati, the manager of an art theater was fired for showing the old Freda Stair and Ginger Rogers movie, the gay divorce say. The manager pretended to be bewildered, but in a student activist explained that the screening was a subtle homophobic slur, inciting that any gay or lesbian marriages were bound to win in divorce. White Anglo-Saxon protested Americans joined the debate. They held a low key rally in Bangor-Main to express controlled, but sincere grievance over such hurtful languages, the scratching of rumors, Welshing on bets, the use of lost bases a negative word, and the inexplicable refusal of most musicians to remove the word hockey from hockey-talk music. The most serious of the covert slurs stirred emotions in U.S. New York. Attacking Americans noted for three days after a local dish hockey, blindly played a song containing the phrase, as each day goes by. I can't believe they're calling as day goes again, said just simply Abadanza, President of the Attacking American Alliance against hate, discurtacy, and ambiguous but perfectly actionable of fronts. Labeling the incident adjusted other musical hate crime, he managed to get the slur prone disjockey fired, then Abadanza rushed off to North Bergen, New Jersey, where other members of his anti-hate group were protesting Burger King's incentive decision to sell a large burger called the Wapur right in the middle of a proud Attacking American community. Next, they'll be starting a radio station with the call of the WOP, or suggested that the Titan American's refresh themselves with a vacation in New Guinea-quipped Abadanza. But if well, every ethnic group in America was in full cry, German Americans wanted the term crowd removed from the word sour crowd. Asian Americans resented the bigoted words slope in the name of Park Slow Brooklyn, Hispanic activist shredded thousands of copies of a newspaper that adhered to use the toxic phrase spik and span. Some also demanded that the offensive title of Sigourney Weaver's movie Alien Be Changed to undocumented worker. But in May, everything began coming down, a columnist who specializes in ethnic bias said, maybe we're finding bigotry where it doesn't actually exist. Shocking at first is novel idea caught on. By June angry discoverers of artfully hidden bias, wrote a fashion, people went back to the impeachment trial, the crisis was over. By John Leo in this week's US News and World Report. Thank you very much, whoever facts it. God bless you. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I guess there really aren't any real forward trans down here, Neil. I haven't heard anybody calling on this. Well, first of all, if you heard Eugene Robinson is off the hook. Yeah, but then I see that he's talking about the events not the story. I mean, he shouldn't be on the hook in the first place. Nobody cares about it. They just don't get this story. I know. The story is that here's a, here's a hypocrite. Here's the prophet. Here's the Bible quote in the award that receiving the same morning. He gets the award as being a great moral leader, et cetera. So I'm in a great role model. He goes out and he's looking for a blow job on this game. But above that's the story. And they just don't want to get it. I know they don't get it. Also, Neil, I don't know if anybody's brought it to your attention or not. But a little disappointed in John. And also, hey, I saw his press conference on ESPN. Yeah, one of them that he's, any, that he had. And I almost fell off my chair. He happened to have mentioned not only the auto nation USA and also Republic industries as some of his investments. But he also mentioned Neil Wayne. Yeah. And I could not believe it. Wow. Why was he talking about his investments? I think they were, you know, they were badgering them with questions. And he just happened to mention it, you know, as far as his retired. Well, that's another reason that sports press conferences are a waste of time and are stupid that they shouldn't be on your anywhere. Who cares about where John always investments are and who's businesses? It just, I just wanted to point out to you that it shocked me that he even mentioned Wayne, I think, and I would also think he loves Wayne. I think, I mean, who knows? Maybe they're red dating. I don't know. Just the same was to request if he could play the Wayne as an analyst. Okay, okay. What did he say about Wayne? He's an asshole. We know that. Two open lines in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, DC. But there's a guy that was watching a press conference. That means I would grant you John L.way. You know, they just want to super bowl again. Now let me ask you. Can you three feet before you repeat? No. Huh? In fact, I had a, I had a fax from Pete Bolsard yesterday. And he said to me, how many lives have I allegedly ruined your run of your call me the assassin? And I said, three feet. That's right. So I can take it right off the top of my head. Oh, there's a, that's three feet. If I hear one more asshole, one more sports nerd. Say that three feet. I'm going to like up chuck all of a sudden. I've got to do due diligence. Then here's three feet. Oh, he's got to come back with a three feet. I mean, we're sports fans always this dumb. I mean, were they always stupid in America? God. Here's a dear field B, chill out. New, sir. New. Well, listen to Hank yesterday. And you agree with you that, uh, usually Rob is an, is a hypocrite? Yeah. But uh, somebody somebody called him and told him, uh, you have no fang's in the NFL and, uh, court of court. He took up a meal for us to do. And try to keep it undercover. Said who said, would you read that? No, Hank said it yesterday. Hank said it yesterday that a court L store picked up a mail prostitute. And try to keep it undercover. Where do you, when, what time did he say this? You got call. You got to what? What time did Hank say this? Around three. Yeah, around three o'clock. Yeah. OK. We'll check the tape. Like we started. OK. We have an open line of day. 5 670, 560, palm 560 on the 182 wildest church. A church. Then what I said, the wildest church. Things are facting NFL. Oh, we know that. That Dave Co. He was just the odd man out. You know, so to speak, he was just a trouble maker. All those stories about the redskins, you know, about the great teams that they used to have that were mostly a bunch of facts. The team that showers together. Anybody with a brain that wants to be honest, we know about the team that showers together. That's a gate club you moron. We have an open line of day. 5 670, 560, palm 560 on the 182. Thank God. I'll tell you one thing as a real hockey fan. Thank God that there's. Hey, girl. What's hiring at your favorite? Super. Thank God that there's no fact. NHL. Well, I'll tell you one thing, man. I'm slipping. The old man is really slipping. Open line in date 5 670, 560 and palm 560 on the 182. Wireless line. That's asking Adam out. Chill, tell you. There's no fact in NHL. He'll be the first one to tell you. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Theo. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I'm calling you on my nape leaf phone that I got at Nape leaf garden. And hiring my jersey tonight. And I, it gets better. I'm going to the game. Next Wednesday up there at the real garden. Now, who they play next? Well, they're not the panthers. Is this? No, no, no, the canes. But that was a good thing. Are they playing the Carolina Hurcon? Yeah. It's the second to the last game. Right. February 11th will be the last game ever. It may believe gardens by the way, which will be a very, so that's a week from Saturday. No, the 13th is the last one. Like I said, the 13th. Right. Well, what day is the week is that? Um, okay. The 13th is the Saturday. And that's the black hogs. But I couldn't afford the scalpers for that one. So I'm going on Wednesday to see the hurricane. And I'm so excited. I can't wait. I don't blame you. Um, then you'll see what a real facility is all about. Then you'll see what a real hockey ambience is all about. Well, I'm really sad that they're moving. But I'm glad they're not tearing it down like Boston Gardens. No, they're going to, they're still playing the minor league games. They're, they'll still be doing a lot of stuff. Right. They'll be still being less than, you know, young guys. They're all kind of stuff that we're going to. Can you possibly help me still a feast tonight? I have an extra ticket. Um, my husband is out of town. Yeah. He's neither here nor there. But I would like someone to go. And I'm willing to trade for something that I don't want, which is a joven of security. I don't get it. I'm missing you. You're willing to trade for a joven of security. Right. Somebody else has some other hockey thing that I do want. And he wants an extra large jersey. It could be a whole family. Oh, I see. Yeah. Yeah. But the seats are good. I'll not aisle. And you only have one ticket though that you want to give away. Right. Right. Okay. Well, give George your number. We'll see what we can do for it. We'll try to work it out. Okay. Hang on. Okay. And go leave. Okay. Whatever line she's on, talk to her. I can't even talk to the colors anymore. The levels are on the you phone system and the overhead. It's crap. And I can get all exercise and better shape. And you know, because it's embarrassing to me because I'm the one that's on the air here. But you have to understand, Greg Reed doesn't care. Our program director doesn't care. It's obvious that our engineers don't care because they're like overworked to underpaid. And they just gave up a long time ago. Yeah. I asked our George Corse oranginer. He was not a bad driver. I asked him how long is this crap going to go on. He said, I don't give a shit anymore. That's what he said. So they don't care. So when I get an all worked out of a bubble, it just sounds like such crap. And I think back to those early days, the first month is so on the air in this place. And here in all these, all these commercials, they know they could understand. And they look at us like, hey, you know what, what do you complain about Toronto? You guys, that's the way we do it here, man. You actually want commercials that people can understand what they're saying. Done by adults. You know, Lenny Martens are a production guy. You know, he's going to be doing all the spots. And other guys that can't speak, you know, what's wrong with you? What you have on knit pickers. But it's just a little bit difficult adjusting to you follow what I'm saying. Yeah, a little bit tough to adjust to. We have an open line in date, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. He loving 57 at 560 WQAM. The Neil Roger show. Now on 560 WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. It was the large and in the breast. I will pick up the girls in Monica for China. She lets out a gigo. When he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But it's a garden herb of China. She's all mine. Where he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or ants you made for. And in Arkansas, the turns seem to be a bad means to her naked. Oh, right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. Right, though. Okay. Before people feel that Hillary's been made a pool of buy a husband, feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born and born and out. Before she was born and out. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But as a garden herb of China, she's all mine. Who can do you say it? Yes, that's not the reason. Oh, yeah. What you got to do is take a sip of real oil. Okay. Moles and a hotly night in Canada on CBC. What do you buy Moles and X4? Except it all. The five-fourth of Canada. Where quality is job one? It's working. I am very loyal and that's what goes here. How do we want to believe in sponsors of Lincoln, Ian, Canada? And buy Hesley. Got to have it. Okay, just get ready for a night's weekend. Boys and girls, follow five to five six to go. See that. We have an open line in Broward, five six to five, fifty, five, sixty on a mobile one. That's what Graham James always used to say. Nothing like a good goose, eh. And those kids run like a bastard. Here's the four-laterdale. Hello. I'm a little bit of a good speaker. I'm a little bit of a good speaker. I'm a little bit of a good speaker. I'm a little bit of a good speaker. Yeah, I'm calling about how good that fact was. Was that great? Yeah, I was actually. It was beautiful. You know, I'm amazed at, I'm glad the people from the Harold didn't have to read print that or else we'd never be able to read it. Exactly. And that's amazing thing is I was lucky enough to be educated in Toronto. Really? And I moved down here in 1976. Yeah. And I went to school my last year, my senior year, in Cooper City High School. And I'll tell you what. The literacy level in there was way down. Right. Because it was shocking. Well, the Canadians are only about 100 years ahead of us. Too bad that Looney and Worth of Crap had never lasted only about 300 years ahead of us. Like I said. I'm really going to miss the gardens being on too. The shame. Oh, tell you what. I had some great times there. The young kids growing up. You know, the air Canada Center looks really great on the outside. But you know, it looks like another one of these glitzzy. I mean, maybe the inside is different. But so many of these door reeners. They look nice. But they're the same. You know, it's like the baseball stadiums. They made them all pretty much all the same. It's still like I got the Camden yards. And they want to take them to the field. But it's just a letter to be the same. They don't have the obvious. Right. And being downtown, it was awesome. You could go get a great restaurant. You say I'm a sandwich and go see a great game. Amen. It's nice to meet. Oh, it's excellent. I remember you, you had a dating show about 14 years ago. Right. And you had a picture taking her and is in the paper and a whole bit. You had that dating show. Right. And you have a great day. And I hope that leads to it tonight. We're going to kick some ass tonight. All right. Okay. Yeah. It's not going to be like the last game. But they go to sleep in the third period. Okay. I was only a three nothing. We get about a seven. Nothing. We have an open line of day one and Brian. I'm sorry. I apologize. I told those you people think I should be some kind of a turn Cotan start rooting against the team. I've been a fan of for 40 years. But you know what? Two freaking bad. 560 50 50 50 50 50 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Are you doing? Great. You know, I want to lunch there when you can get. What gets what you see on what I thought the tree. Wendy's the loose African American history. So, let's go on to learn more about the risk culture and the experience of black African. That was that was this by was spotted by Dave Thomas or Isaiah Thomas. Well, I think those are their songs. You're Frank Thomas. You're more of a the risk experiences of black African Americans. We recommend the black one hungry. I have a dream. The black African achievements in my third one. Yeah. African American and circle. Oh, yeah. I'm going to thank you sir. Okay. I'm going to go to Wendy's. I'm going to go through the drive through and then I'll stop at the library and pick up on all of those. Okay. There is no such thing as an African American. Let me say it again. Have you ever heard of an African Canadian? No. An African Dutchman? No. An African Italian. No. There is no such thing as an African American. Stop saying it. Stop referring to yourselves as it. You're being brainwashed. You're being used again. You're being categorized. You're being manipulated. And why do you get rid of that? Get rid of that shoe for when I craft two and get shoe for on Keisha. Get rid of those. That'd be a good start. And then maybe we can all get long. Here's the curl springs. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. You know when you're talking with these right wing church people that call you. Yes. You ever accuse you of being a master to be her? No. How about a cunning linguist? No. Okay. Thank you. How about the Gaines of New Material? Yeah. See there you go another one. And Hank has the audacity to say that I talked to Moron's. We talked only to educated people. That was great. Yeah. We all talked to Moron's every day. Hank get used to it. I know it's not an appealing thought. But you know, what's the percentage? What just happened there? We were rolling long and seeing it long and a song. And this guy was so bad that everybody just dropped off immediately. Look at that. He's killed the phone. It looked to me like somebody did all our phone right there is what looked like. We have an open line of data all three and a row or somebody's screwing around with a phone system to get over there. It builds up. You know, I think, you know, not that norm is up and around again. My attorney, we better start suing builds up. You know, that Larry mixed and they've been screwing around with our phone systems on them all for years. I'll never forget that one day when I reached the point. I could say the effort on the air 400 times and where we still couldn't buy a call. I reach over here and find out that every line on the board is dead. The whole phone system is down. I've been doing this. I've been around a block a few times, Larry. I've been doing this two goddamn long. Not to know when your people are out there, you know, punching around with our crap. We got enough problems on the inside here without you messing around with our crap. Okay. Rourer lines, all three of them might open. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line. 10 after noon at 5, 60, WQM. If you're looking for a new car truck or sport utility, then get yourself out of a pretend can Toyota. And that is taking some of the old drive on that RC. Our filthy panel arena for the blind and the heat. All of it. Having two of the reasons, somehow don't seem right. That are as good as always for financial advice. Oh! And the end is my job. There's no bad gift all I'm there. All I'll try. Let's start the place down. We have a lot of money and insurance, just with sure what these things. Before we lose our attic, the panel's done. Okay. I've got so much to do. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. You're right. I'll keep your track for me. I think that's a tough one. I think that's a tough one. She's a 560 WCOM. Don't forget we got the Panthers and it's Ronald Maple Leaf. That was a great night. Pregame shorts seven o'clock with the gilded one. Here's Miami. You got her. Speak over you. Great. Listen to you. Basically all I really wanted to get across to you was the fact that. Yes. Well, actually two things. Since I didn't mention that I've never heard of anything. Yeah. Did you notice what the TV wonder was wearing? Yeah, we had 28 calls on it. The old school, the old school, the old school, the old school. It's an African-owned arm and Jackass on the other hand. Okay, move on then. I think he can't see it anyway. So don't blame him. Exactly. He's just being used in the manipulated again by the evil forces of darkness. Oh, sorry. Listen, did you hear anything? I wasn't able to listen to your show yesterday, unfortunately. But if my left ear would open up, I'd get hear something. Did you hear anything about that? And if I'll have a thought complaining that was you're an eating on the sideline. Yeah, we had several calls on that too. They said he was leaking out the window. I mean, take it to leak under the gatorade. Yeah, I know. It's interesting because, mostly, start talking about that. People mentioned that during one of the jet's games, they actually showed guys. They were taking the leak. They were like covering them up with, you know, trying to. Well, wouldn't you think that during the course of a ball game, especially when each half lasts for a lot like an hour and a half something like that, that they'd have like a portage on or something like kind of off to the side and can spicklessly on the field? Well, if a guy's got to go take a quick leak or maybe even something more serious. That instead of, you know, leaking under the gatorade there, I mean, wouldn't you think that? That's an actual football league where their trillions of dollars could afford a port of a body. I told you, why used to play high school football when I had to go during the game? I told my coach coach, I'm going to locker room, I'll be right back. And I wrote over to the locker room. I mean, I would whip it out there and put it out there. Well, like you see in these games and you'll see somebody be all the while they're assisting someone sort of locker room right now. He must have an equipment adjustment. That means he's got a higher rear or something. He's got to take a dump, you know? Exactly. He's adjusting. All right, well, thanks for your time. Okay, never do. Yeah, like for example, I was watching it. By the way, hasn't Vancouver really taken off since they got special ed. No. Shut up by Ottawa two nights ago. One nothing 14 shots in the game for the connox zero in the third period. But I did see, and I wasn't that game. I think it was late Saturday night to second game on CBC. And I saw a special ed in Dave Gone out there playing for the connox. And special ed had to leave the ice for a little while. I said, oh, Joven Aski just went to the locker room. They said, maybe it's an equipment thing. And you know, special ed. You know, at least you don't do it as pants anymore. So he's making some progress. I was going to do it. We have an open line in day five six seven. Five six seven oh five sixty and in fact, maybe he's still doing it on the ice. He does that a lot. Oh, there is another one. Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Are you eating something now? Yes. Why? I'm hungry. Well, I'm thinking about lunch. Well, you go ahead and order in for Taco Bell with the guys. You want something from there? Like a couple of soft shells or a hard shell tacos. See, why do you now listen, I want the audience to see what you said. Why do you say do you want something from there? Like, and then you make a suggestion because I already put the order in and I ordered some things that I thought you might like just in case. Well, why do you ask me if I wanted something? I look at it on the air. And the last time you ordered for that. You don't know my priorities. Like, what's more important? My being on here doing a stupid talk show or eating a food. They don't care as long as we get the spots and upstairs. You think they care about what's on a air? Oh, it couldn't care less. But you told me never. They don't even put on a good act. What? You told me never to mention food you again. Yeah. Like, yeah, I'm just like I said I was never eating any more fish food. Oh, and which I did not eat fish food tonight. To go, I did have a chocolate cherry. I see it for his yogurt. But why? I thought he sent me to Taco Bell. You wanted a hard shell taco. So I ordered a... Oh, I did not. I wanted burrito supreme with no beans. Oh, I like that. All right. What? I'll order that. Oh, do I have a gone yet? Yeah, I would like to burrito supreme with no beans, please. Yeah. Mmm. Love Taco Bell. How can you be a real spickle? Well, by the way, that's our question today. About which a spick smell better? Here's a North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah. Down here on Thursday's overnight, without to turn up a dimbeat and purple work. Yeah, I was late game. Yeah, great. You're going to need great game, Yama. Yama, right? Five points last night. Any, uh, Mike Lang. Do I have any? Yeah, I got some. We're here a little bit. Just a little. Okay, wait a minute. Mike Lang, I'm looking on my hockey thing here. This one, don't panic folks. Uh, how come I don't see how about a little rich genera? How about a little Mike Lang? That's bad. Who is this? Okay, that's enough. Yeah. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. Okay, there's a guy. Daniel. Get out of here. I'm like, stop it. Yeah, he was all whipped up last night except for the fact that they're damn, what's his name, Paul Stagger? Well, don't show it off. Back, back, back, back. There's nothing worse than those color guys in a hockey game. That's why my buddy here. He's exactly this is so great. Nice Terry. Make them a stick about that. And I guarantee you one thing. You don't talk over Joe Bowen or Bob Colka's, they elbow his ass out of the booth anyway, but then I just go and hear you're the best. I just mentioned this because these guys are in town today, which I get very excited just to the prospect of that. Too open line since eight, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six and pound five, six, again, one on, six, six, six, six and a mobile one. I'll see you in 30 as soon as you start infusing a little bit of hockey talked to you watch all the lines drop off. They don't know from that, but you know something when the least are in town. I don't care. You'll have to humor me. When we got a little twerpy guy in our morning show, who is starting to read stats out of the newspaper, read the standing out of the paper, and then later starts ripping the newspaper because they got it wrong. Well, how come he doesn't know that beliefs have 61 points, not 54 and out of was got 60 points and not 58. And how come he doesn't know never trust the son, settle or they're, they're both full of crap. Our little hockey expert, our little twerpy in the morning. Unbelievable trying to cover his ass. Here's a mobile in the aventure, hello. Yes sir. Is this Neil? Yes, sounds like me. Okay. And yeah, I just wanted to ask you what, they should call the new African American cultural center. How about the black place? The black place? Right. The black joint. And I said, I just want to comment on that away. I found it's football player. I think you should have been arrested for stupidity because everybody knows that. But everybody, but everybody doesn't live here. Don't you understand? He don't live here. But everybody knows that those processes don't have teeth. Yeah, good point. Okay. Thank you. They don't want to get a do that. They just don't get it. They don't care about that. They don't care that here's a man who received that award on the same morning. On the same morning, that would be like the Pope going through all of that ceremony. They're insane. Louis, and then being caught through an altar boy, like a half an hour later, you know, right out there in public, trying to pick up a hospital in the streets of St. Louis. I mean, I'm sorry, but it just, you know, there's just a little, a little element of hypocrisy in here. People don't seem to get. We have an open line in Broward, 560, 750, 560, Pond 560 on the mobile one line. Park it on the right wing. Make some nice photo. Okay, stop it, Joe. Cut it out. That's your bow and man. Love this show. He's obsessed. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Yes. First marks the baby. Okay. Yeah. Yes, they you. Oh, yes, they you're putting down the Rascal house. Yeah. And I think it's one of the best restaurants. It's not in Florida. You know, something I'm glad you mentioned that because I was listening to Hank O and home yesterday and we're talking about one of the four restaurants you want to recommend from some big shop from the SPN or ABC. Yeah. And people were calling it with places. And the Rascal house, you couldn't pay me to eat their number one. And then somebody mentioned the forge and Hank said, yeah, that would have been on my list. You know, Hank's a great guy. And you know, he's eating a lot of meals in this time. You can tell by looking at him. But I'm surprised that Hank gets sucked into these, these tourist traps you want to mean that. It's been around since the year, 50s get all the bread rolls. I've been around since the year. You get all the bread in the rolls. You're one of these guys that goes in there and stuff's a bag with all the stuff. Come on and write up a little there you go. I got a photo salad and my exit man. Yeah, the place that plays for slippers like you. It's perfect. Well, as I, Zygazone, happy for them. At least this guy's honest. These are the same people that put Pumpernick's out of business, by the way. Although there is that one open Pumpernick's and I saw that one day and nobody ever told me where the hell is somewhere there in Broward. I couldn't believe it. I thought Pumpernick's was all gone to. Don't forget the old farstown here. Put Pumpernick's out of business. Just like put the wolfies on Lincoln Road, which used to be down there. They put them out of business. And someday they put the wolfies on 21st and columns out of business, which they might as well be by the way. Because they're steel and all those silverware and they're steel and everything. They're bringing them along an extra bag and they shove everything in there and talk about being, you know, they don't care. They shove into coal slaw, the bill pickles. And so if there's a little hair in the bag, that day, when I'll care it's free a few rolls. Some silverware. Looks like Jack asked years ago when I and Z calls him he's defending. It's some old Yig calls me one night. Well, you know, we're paying for you're not paying for the silverware. Pall your pain for a meal. You're not paying for the dishes and a silverware and everything that's not tied down. And he said, oh, and they went out of business about two weeks later that Pumpernick's is on shirt and in park road. But I thought you knew that. No, I did not. I said that I passed one a few weeks ago. I wanted to eat with Bob and Cheryl. No, it is not. Sure it is. That was wolfies. Well, that's where it is now. Oh, that wolfies is now a Pumpernick's. Just, but this is another. This is not that one. I know that place. There was another Pumpernick's in Broward. I think it's on 441 around Broward Boulevard somewhere in that area because and of course they got 440 is this done here out by the way because I never check the 441 stuff. No. No. And also if you go 441 like north of Broward Boulevard or no south of Broward Boulevard between $5.95 and Broward Boulevard, that 440 one is all torn up in there too. I mean, this stuff the construction goes on here. It's like a turtle. You want, you want to live for an eternity. You can't do that, but you want construction for an eternity. Come to South Florida between Oakland and commercial on 441. Oakland and commercial on 441. There is a Pumpernick's. Let's hear it by their make it a comeback. Let's hope the old parts don't put them out of business again because actually they're pretty good. I like Pumpernick's. In fact, to be honest, we would have to choose between them and those that place in the old rascals. Maybe it isn't just the food at the rascals. I might be okay, but I can't get by the ambiance. I can't get by the clientele. Oh, I'm talking about, I think you can't get by the clientele because I'm not from the you. Oh, funny. That should be your worst problem. I mean, just not in the given. I went in there just at one night, you know, because the audience was digging me on. You got to go in there and try going in there at one night. And it's obnoxious stereotypical wait for she spills a glass of orange juice all over this poor kids pants. He's dressed real nice college looking kid. You know, nice pair of dress pants on, spills it all over the place. And the orange juice is pouring off the table onto his pantalones. And she doesn't make it effort to grab a towel. She looks at him. I studied that should be your worst problem. And she leisurely goes over like to get a towel somewhere. And, you know, by the time she gets back, he's wearing like two gallons of orange juice in his pants. Crazy bitch. Now that that was only one experience. So if that had, and then, and then they sat a guy next to me, by the way, who came in with like a t-shirt on, a real smart me looking guy, with a t-shirt with a sleeves like rolled up, not cut off, but like rolled up, and with tattoos all over the place. Yes. So somehow I had less than appetizing experience with the grotesque rascal of that time. Maybe that kind of colored my view on it. Oh, show us some stuff. Maybe that painted my view. 26 past no to 560. No God. This is a test of the Spanish emergency broadcasting system. This is only a test. This has been a test of the Spanish emergency broadcasting system. And this would have been an actual Spanish broadcasting emergency. You would have heard this. It's a top three. If I was 60 WQA, I'm on the amel. We have it open line in date 560 560, 560 animal mobile online. Our poll question that is how many words can you think of in Spanish in a telling that are exactly the same. See? On the amel. Here's my me spring, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Great. First of all, I am from New York and the rest of has a Yeah. It's the worst. I went to eight or one. All the losers that got kicked out of New York that are down here. They're the ones that go there. They frequent that you want. It was ridiculous. I went to one and first one. Nice one. Yeah. Between both of my elbows on the avocado deck because they didn't be so close together with these other tables. I was ready to jump out of my seat. They had this kind of hit me. Janned up against this guy with like no with almost with no shirt. I would always tattooed. Look like he just jumped out of a sewer somewhere. He looked like John Valjon on a bad day. The guy who pushed you away with the front. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? No. I have been there in years. You've been there for a while. I was there once about a year and a half ago. And this guy named Depression. I might have been there for years. But the guy is a freak shell. It's really fun to watch and work. Anyway, not hockey. In fact, when they do the Jeff Cohen, I'm alive straight from his days with the marlins. They're going to be filming it there. Koonine in the barbarians. But anyway. Have they made any progress and signing for a terrific session? No, but he's only been here for a couple of weeks. Just relax. It'll get done. I have a very little confidence. It'll get done. Trust me. Hey, Jordi, can you take a look at me? Okay, see you. It'll get done because if it don't get done, it will be a little pissed off. Very pissed off. And we'll stop going. Two open lines in day. What that popcorn smells really rancid. You know what? Oh, geez. Like burnt. You know there's nothing like more than the smell of burnt popcorn. Smells like what? Not burnt. Well, smells burnt. 5 6 7 5 60 2 open lines in day County for your porous. Have we heard for many of Julios under 25 today? No, no. We heard that a Columbia, it was 28. We're through in our own demographic. Well, they won't. They don't want their voices recognized on here. You know, I understand we get it. We understand it's hard to be walking around all week long. People are pointing and yelling at you. Metacon, Metacon, Metacon, Pahali, Dometicon, you know, what I understand. I'm used to it. Here's a mobile informeyer's hello. Mobile informeyers. Well, this thing is a piece of crap. You do that in my fingers a piece of crap, hello. Mobile informeyer's going once. Going twice long gone. Okay. Two lines left out of bored. Unbelievable. Spastic. It's spastic Wednesday. 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. How can I still on there? Mobile informeyers, are you there? Hello. What the hell is going on with this line? I don't know. I thought it was me. It must be us. Neil, I've been going crazy there. I heard some vicious rumors about Phil Hendry. What's going on? Vicious rumors like why? Well, I don't know. Like you might be headed home or headed back this way. No. Who told you that? I don't know. Some lunatic. I overheard. No. No. That was wishful thinking. It certainly is. I got a question for you. I heard that I'm going to get slid off death road. Does he come back for more? Of course not. He's not coming back here. Yeah, from what I understand, he's doing great. I'm doing great. Thank God. Good luck to him. Good to, you know, he's doing it. Absolutely. You should keep his ass where he is. I heard a bit on your show. It was a sounded like it was Defoe just ripping rumour a new angle. Yeah. What was that all about? Is that who it was? Was that Defoe? Defoe ripping who? Ram job. Who now that? The rumor. I have no problem with Defoe, but Defoe is somewhat intimidated. It looks like laws are looking away. Intimidated by what you have that I'm intimidated by. I don't know. You've got to turn red when I come in the studio. Why would I turn red when you come in here? Just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way onto the show. I'm not warning my way. I don't want your way. How about you know what? This goes back. Let's clear the air right now, Jeff. Yeah. Back at the Allen Dreams former radio station when you came on the air on Neil Rodgers show and trashed virtually everybody to work to the station. I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil and trying to work your way around going through conventional systems about getting a job on the air that you were saying that I was sandbagging your chances of getting on the radio. That's when I kept hearing from Pete. Absolutely. That knew you personally and it's that it's saying it to me. You're running around saying oh well this Defoe is the reason I'm not getting a job. That's not true. But anyway I want to know that. What is that? What is that? You're coming on show and say that? No. I'm what I am saying though is this. I just feel sometimes you kind of get all uncomfortable. I'm intimidated by you. Who won't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back? How do you like that? It reminds me of being a goalie because he sidesteps so well. Yeah. That was beautiful. I haven't heard from him in weeks since I talked about what a crampy job he did the night after that first pop-held brewery game in a panther uniform. I haven't heard from him in weeks. He's looking his wounds again. Speaking of which, Pablo's going to give it to you tonight buddy. Okay hold your breath. All right. Okay. How about during the game? We have an open line of day one in Broward 560-560-560 on a mobile one line. Yeah, I haven't heard of word from memor lightly, boys. The nice and quiet in the house. I can actually take an app and have to do it on late on as Fonate, ring it off the hook. And my budget, I've readjusted my budget for a whole next four years now. I just gone memor. I just can't handle the truth. You know, just can't handle the truth. Then skin. All those typical hockey people, thin skin. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. I know this is not the day you're talking about rashes. That whole panther organization. Yes, please. I give me some advice. Please. I'm going to be this great advice. I always want to call you, but I can't because I work. But yeah, there's a whole kind of other way to look at these things, which are doctors that call like environmental specialists. Yeah. You know, these are the doctors who, you know, like when it gets a storm and they had all that depth up at all and they were making reports at Congress and all, these are doctors who specialize in environmental problems, which can talk, turn, causes, all these other ailments. And there's a really, really great one. I mean, he saved my life. Yeah. He's in plantation even. Really? And there's very few around him when you go, you have to like, set aside like they tell you like about the real hours just to be with him. For one. For, you know, get me a kiss. We're having sex with him? I don't think you want to. No. I'm even you. No, I don't think I'm going to. But I mean, he just like gives you all this time and he finds out like your whole medical history and they just look at allergies in a whole different way. So he's a biology guy. He's an allergy guy. And they have a subspecial take, which is called environmental medicine. I'm specialy. I think that's what George just ordered. Yeah. And it's called environmental medicine. And they say he do get allergies. You get all these things. But not the way, you know, the normal medical. Well, I'll tell you what, George is name or number is something because the next money I'm going back to my dermatologist again, because this, the ranch part of it seems to be going away pretty good day by day. Every day a little bit better, but it doesn't completely go away. But the hot face and the skin and that there, you know, ranch is only a symptom of some problem. A ranch is not an illness in itself. Right. So if you've got some kind of a fungal infection or a far, you need to be taken antibiotics. And unfortunately, I can't fight a doctor who like, you know, deals with this in enough time to do anything about it. Well, like, on the main time, I'm sure I'm shimmering creams on and hoping for the best. He's close and I really think it's like, okay, hang on. Thank you. Okay. Take that and don't lose it. Okay. If he's in plantation, I might even go. And maybe he wants to say to me, why do you don't need me? Have a nice life, better be, but I'm just, I'm still filming it the mouth about that. You know, the more I think about it? Oh, yeah, that's that's interesting. That could be anything. Well, okay, give me an idea. Well, I'm not going to be anything to worry about it. What does that mean? That could be anything. What kind of a line is that for someone who's health, I place in his hands? Well, I could be a lot of things. Yeah. We have an open line in date, 560560 and Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, don't know from rashes, but I've had jocky at 20 points. Yeah, me too. Yeah, I just wanted to call and ask one of good Christian story to you. A member of the Reverend Kennedy's Walk. Yeah. Happens to be one of my neighbors. I've been observing her for a few years now and this lady's got quite the scam going. She goes around prophyletizing all the time with four people, no end. But what she does is she befriends the decrepit, the most decrepit of the decrepit at the church. Yeah. And she takes them in and takes care of them. And they don't usually last much more about six months. And inevitably, she ends up in the will. And she's silver yard up with Winnebego's and she's inherited to condominium, brag about all the stocks and bonds. She's gotten so she's got a real good good Christian scandal. All right, excellent. Thanks for the good news. Maybe she's leaving her after Dr. Kennedy. I doubt it, seriously. I don't know. You never know. You might get 10%. Yeah. Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 2 in date, 560560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. 21 to 1 at QAM. Hey, the guy that you have talking on your sports department, I heard him another day talking about the illegals that they're getting now to play the game. And you know, it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals. Okay. And I want to tell you that's very shitty. For some of you talk that way about illegals because you know, 10 himself was not it's not a native here. He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been an illegal sometime or the other. Okay. And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people. Okay. Because you know, it talks about like that for Cuban people. How about his nationalities, a piece of shit. Okay. There's nothing but rap this year. There's a poor people. That's how that's how you know, that's the American fucking way. So they're talking about Cuban people that wait. But the vast holes you guys. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car with two canoseftons of riots. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Garalarm, now bring you and old Jewish guys named Isaac. Get away from my portable bill. You think M. F. Remember when we used to push the packet jar of the inshars? If we ought to get a one-up in this maybe, the white one's a cooler. Get away from my portable bill. You think M. F. How is that? I have sex seriously. So that is like that. Get away from my portable bill. You think M. F. Get away from my portable bill. You think M. F. Get away from my portable bill. You think M. F. Remember some fact, try to steal my car. I feel safe with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my portable bill. You think M. F. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Garalarm now and receive a free flower antenna. Get away, get away, get away from my portable bill. You think M. F. And old Jewish guy named Isaac Garalarm. I will be able to do all there is story. Hopefully, five to five sixty W. You can have so finally this thing which I mentioned about what almost three hours ago. Papal police there is death penalty fewer. Don't make sure the original politics. Finally, somebody in this country has got the balls to stand up to this silly old man in the dress. Bill Thompson who writes in the Fort Worth the Star Telegram, which is reprinted in the hero this morning and then one has underneath it to that. It says when John F. Kennedy ran for president way back in 1960, one of the biggest obstacles he faced with his religion. He was a Roman Catholic and no Catholic had ever been elected president of the US. And one point during his campaign for the Democratic nomination, Kennedy decided that he needed to address the religious issue and he did so by pledging that if elected, he would all his allegiance to the Constitution and the American people, not to the Catholic Church and the Pope. The voters took Kennedy at his word. He went on to win the White House and the close election of Richard Nixon. Kennedy's religion was never an issue during his presidency. He adhered to his promise that the church would not be allowed to metal in the secular business of America. So if a Catholic president elected nearly 40 years ago took no marching orders from the Pope, why is the Baptist governor of Missouri giving the Ponta veto power over capital punishment? During a visit to St. Louis' life, we spoke John Apollo's second-earth Missouri governor Melcarnahan to spare the life of triple murderer who was scheduled for execution in February. Carnahan complined commuting the killer's death sentence to left and prison without possibility of parole. The Pope had preached against capital punishment when's dayduring a public mass at the trans-world domain St. Louis and he later made a personal request to Carnahan to spare Mrs. Life. Mrs. Execution dated in post-phone from Wednesday to February 10th, apparently to avoid putting him to death while the Pope was in Missouri. While he was in Missouri. Other than the Pope's plea for mercy, there was no reason for Carnahan to commute Mrs. Death sentence. There was no question that Mrs. Guily, Miss Partisans weren't even claiming that he undergone a spectacular death-row religious conversion in the manner of the late Carla Faitucker. Remember, Tucker, the Texas Pickax Killer, the Pope wanted Governor George W. Bush to write to you who from the lethal needle, but Bush adhered to a ruling by the state Board of Partons and Peroles which permitted Tucker receive the earthly justice he deserved. Bush evidently has a better understanding than Carnahan of the distinction between religion and government. No president or governor nor official at any level of government in America should make decisions based on the desires or dictates of any church that is the law of the land. Great on the op-ed page in the hairless morning. Which they have the Kahones, the right to run editorial saying that or the Sun sent no one or 99% of the other papers that are terrified of the goddamn Catholic Church and all organized religions that they write it. No, that's just we'd ask they didn't. Nice going Bill. Two open lines and day two and a.m. 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, hi, Doug. Okay, sir. I feel very negative today. How you doing? Okay. Um, in any case that you were talking about that word or what? I work for a very negatively company. You're talking about that word earlier and you know, the funniest thing out of all that is not that the guy was offended or not is that the guy didn't understand what the word meant. Take up a dictionary, figure it out. Then you know, but I, I, maybe he was just playing stupid because he was looking for this guy's job as we later found out. Neil, all the other figure that he would be appealing to a bunch of very stupid people. Absolutely. Yeah. I have to, but Neil, it's not being, it's not a question of being since kindergarten. It's a quest. I, all these people that you were talking about what that article that you read with the Italian Americans, you have who was very good. And there's one word described by those people, opportunities. That's what they are. And it's all about power. These people, I seriously doubt were offended. They just want their power. And any, any chance that they get to flex their power, they'll do it. And what comes out to power, money? But how can, how can you possibly admit to being that stupid? I know we got a lot of stupid people when they're running. Firstly in Washington, but how can you admit to being that stupid? You pretend you don't understand what word negatively means? Absolutely, but Neil, you know, I really think that, that they think that the rewards, you know, they think that, you know, I'll let everybody think I'm stupid, but the rewards far outweigh the ones that we want. I know we want. I got this early. Well, Neil, I'm really hungry. So I think we're going to burrow you can buy water. Okay. I like this too. We do, Hater. We have an open line in Broward, all three in date, 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, on a mobile one line. Mobile in four, a lot of deal. Hello. Neil, yes, sir. Hey, it hasn't gone great. I just had a quick question. Should I help you out with your rash problem a little bit? When you say like a hot face, is it like burning under your eyes? Or are you say like a pain behind pain behind the eyes occasionally? And hot skin on a face sometimes, you know, comes and goes, which you have no fever, no temperature, but you're still in feels hot and a rash on the neck. And that's, that's my thing. That's your seven or eight weeks have been fighting this crap and it doesn't go away. Oh, it's been that long. Okay. Readin' my aska. In fact, every now and then, get a little scratch-a. It feels like an allergy kind of a thing, because every now and then, I get like scratching in various parts like, uh, feels like poison ivy, not that ever had poison ivy, but I'm assuming like that just briefly, every known in. Okay. Why I ask is, I'm in the test control business. When I use it in time and chemical, I get the same exact reaction. Are you serious? I bet you're filled with bug-man did this to me. He never know, man. What was that? I did a guy over to pressure clean my fence by the way. I never did. I just mentioned that in passing. Well, I'll ask your bug guy if he ever uses a product called tempo or suspend in your house. Suspend. Suspend is one. And who had rather perusus spenders last time he came in? Well, because he got a fat again and he could get a bit of pants up. Oh, I thought he figured why so the act is died. He lost so much weight. He did and then now he's got his back. He borrowed a pair from Rick Jenner Red suspenders. Well, that's dareously, I mean, I get, I get a very similar reaction when I, what did you do for it? I mean, how long can that last? Well, I mean, it depends. It's three years. Well, yeah, I'm scratching as we speak, but it's not my face, but anyway, what I'm saying is if he's using the same product, you know, if he's coming out to your house and I'm mostly based, then it could be continuous if he's using the same product. You know, you'll maybe like the same product. If he's been using the same products for years, coming to my house and he might have did all of a sudden start. I mean, well, okay, I did not, I didn't know that. If he had released, I assume he's been using the same product. I don't know. I've got to know what he's using. Well, that's the thing. I mean, if he's a good bug guy, he's probably should be switched up as product, at least one, three, four, five months anyway. Really? Yeah. I mean, because they do, though, the point if I ever see him again, I'll be sure to ask him. Ask him, suit, he says. Okay, thanks. Take care. See you. Okay, so we got, let's see. I got the water and the shower that's bad. I got the bug man. He's killing me. We got this stuff here in the building. That's doing it. There's a fungus among us that number five. How about like a doctor who says, oh, yeah, that looks like, uh, and here's some stuff to take and it'll go away in a couple of days. That would be great. Wow. What a concept. I know, it's asking a lot. It's asking way too much. Even my teeth ache might not say. I got like a thing. I had like a fungal infection and there must be something you do for it, isn't there? Uh-huh. But nobody knows. And of course, when you're working this building, when you work in radio and this marketing, you're working an unsafe and unclean unhealthy building and a sick building. And everybody's getting sick and they got a raw throat and they're like, oh, and their eyes are watering. They have all this crap going on. And the people you work for, do they care? Of course, they don't care. Like Bob Reins said, it's not financial expedient for us at this time to be dealing with this. So I'll just go back in here. Stay sick and croak. Two open lines in vain. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the game. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Listen, uh, reference your, uh, you're talking about the Pope. You always talk about the Templeton's book Fair Well, the God, I wanted to recommend an excellent book about the whole priest and the cell of the C. Prohomits of book by Richard Sight. It's called Presex and Power, a anatomy of a crisis. Yeah. And it's these in a book. It's been out about five, five, ten years. But it's the definitive book that, you know, shows the whole fallacy about the secrets and the lies and everything like that. What's the last name in the answer? Sight. S. I. P. E. Richard Sight. He's, uh, I think he's a professor up at John Hopkins. Okay. And a lot of this is based on his case studies with, uh, priest, ex-prized, et cetera, et cetera. And by the way, there are alter girls in the Roman Catholic church. You are? Yes, there are. And it takes here them. Uh, I don't think the straight ones do. They usually get married. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the good news. All right, Bob. Yeah. What? I never saw an alter girl. All my years going to Catlet Church. You never saw an alter girl. They'll maybe your priest didn't want no girls around. Okay. I would have skipped church a lot less if there was. If your priest kept saying every ten years, so one of the alter boys with a date, they kept saying what a waste. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty. I mean, a whole thing though, every part of it from the, from all the chockeys and the, the rosary beads and little statues and the, which of course, you know, and the Bible, the Jesus told you not supposed to worship all these idols and statues of Raven, Raven and just yeah, but, but all of it, and then the confessional and every aspect of it is so ludicrous, so ludicrous. And you're just like about your sheep, you people go on, you're parade out there and you put the money into place and you support this corrupt horse craft, man. And a man and a dress comes over here, she'll let it over here on Alotati eating a shetta, but he on, taking a good, you know, and a gold line turlet, man, oh, man, and you're listening on the interfering in the affairs of this country and we say, oh, yeah, whatever you say, whatever you say, well, great. And like I told you before, Bubba sitting over there and as much as I like Bubba, make no mistake about it. The only thing that he and a Pope of God and common is their love of oral sex. So present at the United States receiving it and the Pope giving it. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if that might have been part of the conversation going on up there. Notice all the giggling. Yeah. Maybe there were comparing notes. Here's Miami, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, about that, uh, the comment and<|ko|><|ko|>. You've seen what song has been the top song in the Billboard for the past down at three or four weeks running. It's called My Niggas. It's by a band called Oh, my god. And it's that's the most popular song in the country. My Niggas. My Niggas. And this matter of fact, there's another song coming out called Southside Niggas. Oh, yeah. And one minute is being crucified for using a derivation of the word. So I don't know. If not a derivation of the word, it has nothing to do. It's not even spelled with an e. It's spelled with an a niggard and I G. G. A. R. D. Niggard. Niggard. How do I type out a derivation of the word? But a derivation of the word niggard means wisely, chief period. And a niggard is someone who is niggardly. See, you see this sound thing. It's like that, uh, Shirley, uh, what's in it with a name game, Ellis? It's by that name game again. Okay. If it sounds like a niggard, it must be it. It's niggardly. Don't you get it? Don't you understand? No. Why? Four minutes till one is five, sixty to two. But Neil Roger show now on five, sixty. WQAM. Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's the water to two hours. Come on everybody. Don't look here, man. We don't have to play a game. If you pivot to it's there round, anybody can be ready. You pick a funky tool for it. It must be used to pick it. Check out what happened here. You have it down at all times. Do you have it? tys p.f toll tower. both the national voice. Hello. You'll be bold. I'm a technical Tony, we're gonna die a good one, and be my professional team. Oh, no. I try a little bit more. But, but, but, but, but, but, I'm gonna die a good one, be my professional team. Fuck. I'm gonna die a good one. Oh, no. Don't worry. Today, the festival is over. Well, I'll have two little group audience. Come on. One, one, one, and five, 60WK, we have two open lines today. Five, six, seven. Are full questions today. Who do you like better. Having your neighborhood? A gigantic number of humans moving in, Colombians or Chinese. Huh? It comes on the income level of each. John, I was assuming that was a given. I assume they were all like middle-class people. Cubans, Colombians. I mean, if the Colombians move in, you'd probably get better drugs. We need a lot more Asian people here. I'm telling you right now. Well, I mean, you're never going to get any help from the politicians down here, because you got Washington Broward. You got the mayor penis there in Dave County, who's their professional spik. Who calls this a, oh, it's a multicultural community, is what you got. You got a U of Putz mayor, Hirschmuck. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, yellow. Well, I got the Cuban chair already, so I can't answer the quote. But the people in Calcutta saying, well, you don't understand this. This is a multicultural toilet. Yeah. I like this. Let's go. I left it in the morning. And in the newspaper, and on the talk show, our boy who's on this gang in the night. Eugene Eugene Eugene. Yeah. It is deep in has forgiven him of his sin. Clonetism. That's a double. I don't know who the deep in what in 250 people signed for some second petition that's going to go to the judge down here, man. Oh, right. So that's it. That's all. I don't care. Okay. Thank you. I don't care about the judge. I don't think that this is law enforcement. Okay. It's ridiculous. That's not that's, they just don't get it right. Maybe the last person in the world can be in a guy married or not. That's his business between him and his wife and the God and Jesus and your wife. I don't care about that. The guy wants to get some head. But don't go running around being a moreless and preaching in the Bible. And he doesn't get it. They don't want to understand it. That's it. That would be like a guy wins a and a word for humanitarianism. Ten o'clock on the Saturday morning and then goes out. You think a couple people later on in the afternoon. Don't you understand the competition here. condition here. Don't you see the consistent pattern of the more religion as they claim to be and the more they quote from the Bible the more full of crap They absolutely are you get it one thing passed for new roges even the years out And exactly We have an open line in date 5 670 560 and pump by 60 on the 18 and who there'd be somebody out there would get it Here's a mobile in Boker hello hello. How are you Neil? Okay, sir? Two things I grew mostly everything you say for sure a big is on and we're window cleaning a pressure cleaning companies Have you made that wall pressure clean? Okay, thank you There's another guy. We're looking for a free plug. I don't need that See this is your bug man again, okay? Being very nice being the ice guy that he isn't sweating up a storm and looking like he's ready to quote because he gained all his weight back Our good friend the bug man here. Oh, gee. He's got this guy with his pressure cleaning thing and my wooden fences all dirty and schmutzie And he can come in here and like all of molden. No, though. He's gonna pressure with I said gee. I want to pay a no no, that's okay And that was like what about 10 years ago that he offered me that in other words I don't want to sound ungrateful. I don't want to sound like an in grade But when you when you stick something in front of your nose and say Well, I'm gonna do this and it's gonna be really great and just imagine how much better your fence will look and you'll feel about it and cetera, and then that's the end of it That's almost like your doctor looking in saying oh, yeah, that is interesting. Could be a lot of things. You don't need me. It's in the same category Here's four lot of Dale. Hello Hey, if you really have a fungal infection, I can tell you what to take. Yeah, it's called low trimming low-fine right over the counter of public like nine dollars a tube I'm on low-fine. Well, what do you mean what to take? It's a cream? Well, yeah You just smeared on whatever wherever your rash is and it'll clear it up in there A fungal infection that's the outcome that my dermatologist immediately is to other creams. I've been shmirin on it didn't go away They claimed there is it's quattramas off my head Yeah, if you named every cream in the world So when I got a public to work straight how where these I got like a rash on the top might look from these boots. I don't have any like airholds on it right and It clears up in like three days with first it works the lotion in the basket. That's what I heard okay I'll text a lot. I'll check it out. Low treatment. I think I might even have some at home Hey, listen, who do you trust like Johnny Carson you today? How do you trust any more? You know you go to the doctor. He sent you the this one go to a dermatologist go to a specialist All the days not the right kind of dermatologist. It's got to be somebody who's like in only in the next like the Dracula guy He's only into your neck This guy he specializes in fingers and toes and this one specializes in Back to whatever else, you know. They all got their specialties now Whatever happened at the good old days when our doctor and Rochester Joe rock Even my mother. I'm sure my mother. I'm sure members Joe rock how do you how did I like that? 400 years ago I remember Dr. Joe when his black bag if you were sick and as a kid I had I had I had them all I had measles I had chickenpox I had mumps I had a you name that I had it all the childhood diseases And Joe rock would come to the house of this black bag. He take out a few and I biotic He take out this okay whatever and that was it and you were fine And somehow managed to get from there to here, but now oh well I don't know that's not my specialty go see this one go see the fungalogist. Yeah fungal, okay Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir, I'd be doing I'd be doing okay anyway I'm just laying in bed with a crud man for past three days you too, huh? You're like crud man I don't know I started called Just something that old throw man like they stuck a rake in there really a little rake in seriously Wow And just feel like a prick. Yeah Anyway, you know that that I was looking or anything but they had the gym Yeah, was this oriental guy and the old myth it's not a myth They are hung like food. Most yes most most Chinese guys most Asian guys are hung like butterflies Right no crap. Well, every now and then the other will be one who like to surprise you anyway When I would know yeah Last thing maybe uh someone some of one of our audience members. What is it? Oh my girlfriend. This is no crap. The one hard in the funny one. Yeah, sir This girl has not taken a crap like in three weeks. Yeah What do you think what do you suggest that new? Loterman. No, sir. How seriously? Loterman Look like a church and what I thought that's what's that is it, but I count her loosen up a little bit I don't understand this you've got me one for readers to frame. No, I said too I because I was going to eat the yes with like a fork. I'm not going to eat the tortilla. That's where all the carbohydrates are So when you have huh So in other words, you only got me the one is that what you're saying correct so that I know I'd thanks But I don't want that because now I'll eat the whole thing okay you only got me one and what kind of a one is that? What you said one? If you play the tape back, I will bet you your next seven years salary against five cents that I said too Okay See a lot of things my Alzheimer's kicks in but what it comes to food what it comes to my food I remember 50 years ago when I ordered for lunch all right And it wasn't at the rascal house either by the way oh We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on a 18 two Where does life see ordinarily like I told you yesterday I would never pick on a place that was somebody else's sponsor But in this case, I think it's too late Because I've been ripping them for a hundred years saw I mean, how can I say now people bring it up on your show? What am I gonna say? Oh, you know something I changed my mind. It's great. All I can see is And for me that's all I don't want to get carried away. It is just not for me Right I'm not one of those people are one of those barbarians of once a stand outside in 95 degree heat in middle July You know eating pickles and rolls while I'm standing online for 45 minutes so I can go in here and eat a course while you know God It's another mind thing all these mind games that they played on your all these great places Yeah, they're there. That's that's for the tourists. I can't believe that the local people get sucked into this I can't talk about the forge yesterday. He must ain't still must not be over that slew. He must not be You know, he's my office feed a little bit talking about the forge Or they bring your potatoes they bring your potatoes there heated up in a microwave that are so hot that you could like burn your good lawsuit by the way And unless you're one of the real you know, one of the known people over there to stick your way in a room in the back. I mean give me a break 9 minutes after one is 5 60 WQM if you're It's true. I can have an orgasm just driving down on 95 But only if you're driving the side me. I want to give you a kiss 4 kids hanging up together Ellie and Robes in their house TV don't get better The chef just like this lady and I'm cheesy puts a bow You're going to see Sam throw up his gut It's when these around All right Sam's bought the tile and the fucking dirt and at least once a week we hear It's your way Get back Oh It's so weird but the one the full and can They can never do He can't hit the head And then he said do grab nor in human then they eat it He knows Oh You're back Okay, you want to know what I think what I don't have something to do again He's not kicking you back but he's never doing something to make that What? You're going to say the one No, I did not I said two burritos to pray you can find all the You're you're delineated I mean, they don't care as long as we get the spots and upstairs You think that you're not going to hear no couldn't care less But you said we never put on a good act Yeah, you told me never to mention food you again Like yeah, I'm just like I said I was never eating any more fish food Oh, which I did not eat anything I thought I didn't have a fire I didn't even know if you're frozen yogurt A lot of me sent me to Taco Bell you wanted hard shell tacos So I heard it Oh, I did not I wanted burritos to cream with no beans No keep going keep going I like the beans all right what I ordered that all the as I haven't gone yet Yeah, I would like to burritos and creams with no beans. Yeah, I stock yeah Little premature evaluation there Mr. Spick So I say that Why would I say that he did he just he just shot himself in the foot okay? Just like that guy in good fellows only we didn't need your peshi to do it just shot himself in the foot Nice and loud too there I like that Yeah, get me to burritos Yeah, thank you Because I was gonna eat just the guts. I wasn't gonna eat to tortilla That's where the carbohydrates and people were thinking oh, do you want to slobby eating to over it? That's brick no I'm oh's only gonna eat the filling the meat and the sour cream and the stuff I'm a failure You're you're just for the crap and I don't even need me one but the tortilla on these things which taco bell do you guys go to? I shouldn't say that What does one right away on the road here? Well, the one that's right there's one by our friends at player traffic calm right and that other place Mcdeath I mean So yeah, I mean the tortilla show was made in this century, but we are getting close to the end of this one, are we? Here's a mobile and sunrise hello Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. My vote is definitely gonna be not to have Colombians with the next story. Okay, you want to tell me why? Yeah, I got us I own a condo when the unit next door and Colombians who didn't start it renting all Yeah, exactly one Sunday morning like six thirty in the morning. I hear that Did the day music that they play go out? I could hear it in my in my bedroom. I could hear it All the way across my living room dining room so I went over there like a nice guy knocked on a door Asked her to turn to found she gave me an attitude of course and then about a week ago I came one full work at like three and I was cleaning the house and I had my radio on it wasn't even at loud And about a half an hour later I hear a knock on a door and who is it sunrise cop? Yeah, and I happen to know But she's not so I went to high school with and I asked them who who made the call and he goes well I'm not supposed to tell you but it's your neighbor So she called the cops on me after I went over there and was nice about it and asked her to turn it down I know you said something that I found very interesting. There's nothing. We got that part of the story But you said there were sunrise cops and you know them because you went to school with some of them? Yeah, I went to high school a couple of sunrise cops Okay, now that's interesting. What kind of kids were these guys in high school that would later become sunrise cops? That's a real good thing point Don't you think? Yeah, I guess I was gonna I never thought about that Well, what were they like in school? I'm just normal. I'm most of them were just I don't know Is your average students part you stay part you just are not part you with them all the time and everything But now I guess if they don't do that no more because they're perfect. They guess yeah So in other words, they had their good time not be just so many by else to do it Yeah, exactly Yeah Okay, thanks for the good news. I'm the good. I can tell you neighborhood. Okay, so he says no one a Colombians I mean the bottom line is the obvious answer is we don't care as long as they're nice people I mean that's the that's the PC answer the the disgusting very boring politically correct answer But it doesn't stir up any crap. You know who that wants to be politically correct it's boring I mean if you want to say yeah, I don't want no Colombians love an x-tombian and it's at well How come you know then that's interesting. It sounds very big at it But since both of us have our approaches anyway I'm telling you man Asians all over they're not all the Asians are such wonderful people most of them are I'd say 99 percent by the way speaking of Asians the Henry Lee company. We thank profusely South Alcombo's just here with our solely water. Thank you, South and Loan me his book on olive oil. Olioliva and there's little stuff on Tony oliva in there too and he brought me a gigantic can back to not that kind Oh Get a hernia lifting this did you see this The big end of Santa Marzano Italian peel tomatoes Pama do Re Look at that. I'm not going to put how much is this way? Oh look at that total carbohydrate preserving only four grams Because it doesn't have sugar in all other city Italians don't load up their pama doro with the soko de pama doro. I love it basilico Pama doro palate soko de pama doro and basilico Peel tomatoes tomato juice and basil leaf basilico. I'll remember that story about how Greg read almost soaked on at basil leaf almost took to that Dammit What did anyway? Here's a big big big can even the fat boy upstairs don't have a can this big well Thank you, South you're a great guy and the folks at Henry Lee company We'll keep us there with all the good stuff the solely water which he brings me all the propaganda You don't have to confess me. I know I love solely There ain't nothing like it Here's haven't sure hello Hey Neil I ain't doing great. I have to choose Tanaq and a Colombian in the nasion. I choose a Colombian to be my next foot neighbor. Yeah Because the Asians are pigs the dirtiest people has ever seen well the restaurant sometimes aren't too clean I understand. I don't know but sometimes in the kitchen you find uh, you know it's the year of the rat Dead rats yeah I used to live in New Orleans. I lived in a multi-racial neighborhood with uh black Cubans Colombians they eat off the worst of them all were the Asians the Colombians are better than Cubans but You know What are you gonna do it's the music in their blood man? You can't do anything about the music Yeah, you're right exactly, but they're pretty good people they're decent people You got that hoochie koochy music I can't stand that That hoochie koochy music and the 50 cars that get parked on the front lawn Yeah, down the road a lot of us along to them right exactly. I think the comments man That problem too, but those guys aren't staying along. We just pop in in an hour and then they bring the good product into the neighborhood In a lawn or a nail finger and have a great day Okay, we have two open lines today so far we have no votes for Cubans. Sorry, George you're out All the cars belong to them No, they don't everyone has one or two cars Two open lines in days. I just like I ordered one burrito, huh? See you I knew as soon as you started playing the tape I knew what you would done you stopped the tape when it was convenient for you You took it out of context just like they doing with his monocopusness, okay? You can take any tape You can take anything you want and take it out of context. Oh, you see you said this well play the whole thing. Oh, well, uh, sorry Hey, I admit it. I was wrong. Sorry. I got bad diarrhea. See you later Quite a way you will admit that we do have more people with yellow hair more guys with yellow hair working You're the other radio station in soft Florida. All right I just and my fact we also we got two guys with the yellow hair and we got a guy with orange here They get their hair and piercing done in the same place Here's a mobile I understand our program director gets pierced in the same place, but I don't want to tell you where Here's a mobile in Miami Beach I don't want to say I'm sorry go ahead sir I like the forge But I used to stand like blood money there so they're always you know You get that special little kid. Oh, that's right if you're against it and they put your right in a fur room I believe You don't know The future on that I will put a thread company. Yeah So it's the tip company is one of their biggest actors shoes in the morons and up And uh, they're a good boy and we missed you when you're off the air all the guys listen to you all the People tell them listen to you. All right, all right, and everything that Yes, they advise me the most about Eugene Robinson and those preachy hypocrites. Yes, is there get themselves in trouble And then they are I forgive me it's the first time I've seen this is my aircraft right I bet he picked up more hookers than you could check your thing and you're ready now all right have a great day朋友. Thank you very much you around see over the forge not I mean, you know, it's a free country if you're like the forge I'm happy for I just I wouldn't go back there if they paid me 50 grand in small bills well Pretty a bunch of potatoes from a micro wave over a heated like in a little oh god That was some experience the last time which is several years ago and you know Then people have said why you know you have been there in a long time you didn't go in to see the right guy You didn't see a Joe with the nose. Hey, I'm not I'm not in a place is like that That has nothing to do with food that has to do with ego If you want to go into places where you're sure this guy a few bucks or you know this one That's nothing to do with eating a meal that has to do with you know pretending to be a big shot Which I'm not Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami hello Neo God yes sir all right. I'm a young Colombian who will you? All right, I'm gonna have to go with the Chinese I'm allergic to cats, you know, yeah, so no cat hairs no cats in the tennis. I'll go with them. Okay, all right. You got a whole bustle coming down from Oh, no idea all right. Yeah, I love you baby. All right Oh, night and year are okay. They got lost. They run away to Syracuse I believe And that what they sent Michael to Syracuse Behind out We have an open line and that was done the Thomasino don Thomasinho he's feeling good right now five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Bokeh hello Yes, I want to put the call out for a new presenting sponsor for the air and sea show in May and for Lauderdale before they pull the plug on it was quite an event. What does that mean? Well, they lost the show This presenting sponsor they merge with texical But they need to get a new presenting sponsor otherwise they're gonna pull the plug No interest I haven't anybody's talking about the air and sea show. Was that got to do with me? Once you to hoard the show so that you can save the air and see no no I'm not gonna do that anymore that was gonna put a plug on for the guy before that was Hocken me a trying to turn the pedal me whatever he was right a pedal looking for a free plug I don't mind you I'm giving a guy a free plug if he's got something that were interested in you know Or if he happens to be a sponsor like that join and by the way did that spot run today? In the water clock break in the your first break in the shower. I see it's on the log Did it do one well it's on the log. I'm asking you to do run Yeah Remember the guy called yesterday bill and it was trying to be very nice to me and I realized was a sponsor the guy called leader I still don't care. I still I make the apology for that That should have been between him in the sales hole any of our sponsors about to bring us food set that up You know because we don't know what's going on here. We're the last one 70 ID what's going on here? And a guarantee of whatever bill would have said would have been a hell of better than this directed to these guys brought back there This is oh thank god like I said I was that I only wanted one man I'm serious this is Taco Bell is usually so reliable. You know I love Taco Bell I'm proud to say I love Taco Bell This man this is real pure Unadulter rated 100% crap God So thanks a lot for only getting me one George must have been a psychic move on your part Where are we going? How come none of these are flashing and saying now how about a mobile and cruel spring? Hello, yes, sir Here you are all hold anymore, so I can't know when I'm coming on. Yeah, I don't want to be never leave my praise But you have a great show. Yes, I did two things Kesher disease and Lawrence Taylor You know one of the reasons they don't want to talk about the hypocrisy Lawrence Taylor is that they Newspapers are then they have to confront the Issue that all of these images of these athletes are phony yeah and media created right and It's all a bunch of a hypocrisy no matter whether it's religion or a boy's town or whatever Because they're these guys don't care about anything but the money they're making right that's right now. You're going keep going Okay, I'm a guest here disease. I don't think it's gonna be the bugmance fault because you said that when you're away from the studio for a while It clears up no it doesn't clear up and never could it gets better but it doesn't ever clear up It gets better which means that there's gotta be something that works that's causing it an allergy thing I think I'm allergic to Greg Reed. Are they doing your construction over there? Yes, they've been doing it for months and months And months and they could've been tearing up the walls and doing all these things. You got the the ceiling tiles knocked off of the side It's and there's something there's a fungus among this man It's a studio they're putting a new acoustic ceilings and they're putting in dry water New acoustic they're they're just turns stuff up they're just there's just when you walk when you walk And we have a big door a big wooden door and when I open up that door like this morning you walk in and you can smell it You can you sense in the air you don't talk it about something foul and dank and gross You get and then all of a sudden you start gagging and coughing and that happens to be out of these people care I think what they need to be woke it up, but is it good lawsuit here then maybe they might care the chemicals and Construction materials frequently contain allows you causing right property Especially they're laying happening down on the floor and stuff like that. They're laying something up there. I'll tell you that And the best cure for it is adequate ventilation Yeah, so that's my But on that and thank you so much Now what do you look at me like that that's the way the stuff sounds when we have a phone call on That's part of the great you know benefits we got of this big move Which had all of it was inconvenient for we can make us go nuts And like I said I'm delighted to cooperate if you don't destroy all of the stuff we got here already, but unfortunately they did So the phone calls every time I try to play a thing like I'm dying on the here All the call is on it sounds like your speaker is gonna rattle right on your goddamn Modesh and this is what we got thanks a lot Especially our program director has been very Conspicuous by his absence that it didn't even bother coming out to tell us where he was gonna be today Which I feel really left out on that No, instead of setting up the programming schedule for one of the various shows around who the guests are and so on But he ought to do it just end his personal schedule Which could be pretty interesting 128 is 5.62.00 I had a chip named K when they she flew away To teach you a lot of weather All right, make censorship There are words in the sense that We tell you how I feel Oh If you see K here You are I'll see you with tea you want a juice All of you see K Tell her I'm sorry, stay And the FCC won't end me seeing this All night I will see K Take your hand, gently say Bad after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old Oh 32 is 5.60.00 K.way and we have a couple of other lines in dead county if you want to talk about Chinese Colombians anybody begins with the sea, huh? Of course the Reakins? What are the ethnic groups we give with the sea? Chileans, Croatians, Croatians Here's Miami Beach, yellow Hello, yes sir. Yeah, hi Audis the name did you read the so called apology to follow gaze to saying the Jews the answer I did it was a very short apology to I was a mistake and but I believe it I believe it's not I apologize not for what I believe right But from my lack of fact and he said it and it did was no point in saying it and it didn't make any sense But he followed the leaves it so you're right a one-letter apology in other words you use a still gonna burn an hell You're the anti-Christ and said it when so I believe 90% of the people who read that they see the man's goody apologizing No, they're not I mean they don't scumbag when they smell one well, I don't know about that trust me. Okay. Thanks. Thank you Yeah, Jerry fall ball with a real half-baked apology to which we also FOCUS Two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18-t wireless line They're all the same baby. They're all a bunch of corrupt business men's squeeze this many dollars out of the pockets of the fools out there as they possibly can before it's too late Jim Baker Jimmy swagger jury fall well and then this real Nazi that one and and they think to find him in the media They had a mile one of the shows yet tonight. He's gonna run for president next year Gary power oh my god Even Johnny power and Hank power like our just in shock Gary power he makes the term right wing seem liberal. Okay. That's that's how far to the right years That's how much of a facet this scurting and you'll look at him and he looks like some kind of a mugwump that just crawled out of a scum out of a slime He makes Lawrence Taylor seem like an outstanding great American citizen They like to have moving next door and the hang out with your daughter Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello Yes, sir. Hey, you know how you doing okay first time caller great. I heard you have the wall problem I'm having a wall problem with a wall at your house No, no, but I can need to be clean. You'll do no. No, no, no, so I'll give you wrong information. Yeah, thanks Anyway, okay, we have an open line of Dave wanted brow art five six seven Five six seven Five six the pound five six the only 18 to I was a he meant well He had good intentions somebody told him here's your chance to jump on a bad wagon You'll need this and he was trying to be a good guy and do I need it? No, no, I need help I need a real doctor is what I need can I find a real doctor? Oh, hey, this is not updated It's not like I'm I feel I'm dying from this or something. It's just annoying. It just lingers on What my my doctor says it waxes and wings yeah wings at them the wing and Spain falls mainly on your reigns Yeah In Wayne you waxes in Wayne that that's a terrific way of saying no bottoming with us, okay? God and you'd think you would really think that It was somebody that you've known for a long time that somebody would call you your doctor your good close personal friend that cares about you so much What would call and say well? Did you go do this did you what what can I do? How can we alleviate this situation? What other things do we need to do to find out what this is and make it go away So you feel like the good upstanding do you are you know Any response? No nothing that's what just I find unbelievable I'm consumable astonishing Isn't it Wouldn't you think I'd get a phone call Saying quit having George knock me on here and make those cracking sounds if you tell me talk about me Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Any are you doing okay? No, I don't have much material here. I just wanted to make a comment about Columbia I'm a Cuban descent. Yes, and I don't have I don't have I don't have a million cars for my driveway Yeah, what's the what's that all about if we if all the Cubans and how did a minute car's the driver? We'd have to like, you know build a gigantic parking lot I got I don't know where he was from you know I've been mentioned it apparently he didn't want to mention it You probably had a running with roll martiners or something. I want to ask you question the awarding faculty makes me a whoo The fact that I have Cuban parents, but I was born here. I think it's the grease, you know Yeah, am I still a whoo? You're the I sento George says now let me well, I don't I don't think I have an accident Yeah, you do not an accident, but you just have that sound. I mean I could tell you in three seconds that you're a whoo You know what to me what Does it well I know wait did just say one thing for me, okay? What new jersey? New jersey Come on new jersey, okay Let's hear it for this guy. I can move in my neighborhood anytime pal I just want to make one request one of the greatest bits I've ever heard on the on your show there And uh, Vanna picked me a letter. Okay, uh, with teaches voice or whatever this I got it How I know you got it. Thank you. See how do you like that? He said no jersey Who say new jersey Didn't you think for sure he was gonna say new jersey? You should have heard it. You should have had him say let's go to the beach You know, everybody has their off days, you know I just mentioned that in passing don't take it personally unless you want to and maybe Hank was right about that show You don't Martin Luther cool the Kings birthday. Maybe he was right about that Maybe that show did suck because when I came back the next day you said I was you know and usually you're going on about how great it was and you said I never have what You've always said you always said it with every time you filled it and we had the big books you were part of that During my thanksgiving trip to Vegas you want a couple of days in there I'm trying to give credit. I'm trying to be nice for once. Okay, not for too long just briefly Just for a couple of seconds even though you did screw up on my burrito order Maybe the second one would have been the good one Although George does mention that all the other stuff that torqued the the tacos everything was stale and crappy too So at least I don't take it personally because they didn't know that was gonna be for me and number two everything they said over tasted like crap Here's my amy hello Hi Neo how are you great two quick things Yeah, you still have those tapes in In borders no No more no How can I get my hand on them got a call center one five three five three six 36 Is that right number George five six three five six three 36 I think it in the internet two click. Okay. Yes. Okay in second of things have you heard You're commercial on what is that? The phone the one that they're giving the new Nokia phone the free You just played it just before the break I mean on the break right now Mobile mobile one isn't I do mobile one live yeah, yeah, yeah, have you heard that commercial? I think there's a mistake there because the guy calls center one. I think it is right He calls center one and she says center one man. Help you. Okay. Whatever you say. Okay. We have an open line in date five six seven Five sixty pound five sixty on a it was at the double talk again was that your little Oh, uh-huh. Must have been Another one of your people like I said did not move into my neighborhood Okay 24 to five sixty WQM got hand coming up from Shula State two we did one one show and had New studio up there yesterday. He's out for the rest of the week. That that was enough for him for right now Till maybe to get some things working up there Hey, by now you've heard me tell you about the people at the Next cigar is for over year now. We've been talking about them there great folks that you'd be Love and have a new neighborhood because they you know spread the good stuff around all those great cigars that they make or is it cigar? Yeah, that little dog. He says cigar. Well, he's kind of a redneck, you know Southern California redneck But nevertheless if you love great cigars if you got some really good taste today's a great date Is it down the next because if he Tuesday and Wednesday you go down there you mentioned that you're right You're sent me by the give you 10% discount on every single thing you buy on your human ors on your accessories on your cigars cigars samples they don't have those cool. Why are you holding that up? This is what I'm resorted to smoking. Oh We got those crappy garsha stale garsha bigger stale cigars from the drugstore that's all we got because John Pines isn't bringing us any new cigars from next guy Damn it so I'm sure that Nick and Mike down there given John a lot of good cigars For us, but they just probably don't make it up here. Maybe they fall out of his trunk on a way up to the I must be it But in the meantime like I said go down or mention you'll send me you'll get a hell of a great deal on the finest cigars that money can buy Maybe get some for us because our salesholder that Lee is this making his own factory he's working on it next cigar 71 11 West Flagress Street just take the ball medal right to the flagress Redexico East one Mali you'd be right there knock it on the door This is 5-6 feet 2 AM Get me a ticket for an aeroplane All right Failed me Not transmitted I think me and that are no one does it any better I dream of all you and that are not over Santa Why? I don't understand why you make 100 grand not for me to say anyway Get me a ticket for another plane Gonna be on the wheel of fortune game I just assume in the wheel again Oh, when I pick me a letter Go man, I'll look at you all right Hey, get out of my face back Is that a good way? Is that an L in that word? Is it a low rider? All right, let's go, bye! We're getting the letter, man. I don't think that's why you're beautiful with these young meek-a-play to on-game I think it's the gift for a narrow plane All right! I'm on the wheel of fortune game I just love that sound I'm in the bottom of the round They've been on, pick me a letter Looser turn, eight past lose it I've been a big, me a letter No one doubted any better I dream of all you all right That isn't all over the end I don't need to dare by wearing underwear Not for me to say Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend Can't thank you, look at that stage I just again won't throw in the towel Still live by your powers Oh, when I pick me a letter Please, man, on 50 letters All right, I'm ready to pick babies At 50 EF, L.J. again I hope you try to see who's up here at 50 That's just a remun All right, I'll take the sofa on the blender The microwave, the refrigerator And then, fuck, what do you mean five hundred dollars for a black and white fight in portable TV set? You got ripped off, man My brother will also get to your house, Dad Give me the money, I'll buy the TV set, man All right, I got it, so far, baby 145 to 550 WC, I don't want to get our good friend Nick upset down at our cigar joint But George and I are both smoking Garcher Vegas right now Cheap dime store cigars out of a little box So we got it's all we got It's not that we want to be smoking Garcher Vegas I have a little box still because we just already had a stay a lunch Although at least it's consistent But hey, you know when John Tina said we're going to say that it was great like a Pradooma reserve and all those others are favorites From Nick's, this is what we're stuck with, okay I just mentioned that in passing, not that we want to be pushy Do we? Here's a mobile in Opa Locker, hello Neil, yes sir Are you doing? Great, on your poll question Chinks pick or Spaniard, I'll take the chinks Yeah Next, on your allergy problem The fungus Yes I have to cure, I guarantee this I got to cure, I got to cure I don't know what the thing I would do it too Tea tree oil, have you ever heard of it? What the hell was that? Somebody just somebody just dropped the lotion in the basket And the next room there, just the whole building he's shaking Tea tree, what is it? Tea tree dish No tea, no tea isn't Tom Tea, as in tea we may Tea, tea, are E.E. oil Tea tree, I got some debt serious here My wife had this exact same thing you have She tried everything Are you serious? I want your men, she had them, she tried it all Are you sure? I'm positive What? She, well I'll show you that, please tell me it's a prescription item No, no, absolutely not I'll make it in the shampoo, it comes in a lotion I think she got it at the bread a life And I think you have one out by you The bread of life, I'm going to go to my health food store Well, it's an all-natural product It's a, it comes from the tea tree Which is I think, I don't know where it grows But the stuff is amazing If your is athlete's foot, I use the cortisol I get athletes foot from playing floor I can't record a zone because I'm diabetic So if I'm going to get a surgery The cortisol is useless compared to this stuff You put this stuff on, it is instant I'm not kidding Tea tree, what? Tea tree, oil Tea, E, A Tea, R, E, oil Yeah I go into the water Why do you keep spawning it? Well, because I don't know if you can see it Tea tree or beach tree or what? You know, a PP oil Yeah, a PP oil, that's it I tried that, it didn't work Okay, but I'm serious, this will solve your problem She went through the doctor, didn't you? She went to a nutritionist to find this out That's how she found it How do you like that? I can't really walk around this for years And I've been to that hospital with that PP oil I'll let it do me up How do you go? I'm sorry, I guarantee it will solve your problem Okay, thanks a lot Okay, how do you spell it again? We have an open line a day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5 Okay, thank you, thank you And maybe the guys right I would send them a big something About some flowers or something About their house if we knew who they were If you know, you know, it turns me on to something Good, at least he gave me something You know what I'm saying? At least he's making a suggestion As opposed to somebody who just say Oh yeah, that could be a lot of things That's interesting, yeah, see you know what I'm saying? I don't want to brutalize anybody I don't want to start putting anybody in position Where I put a lot of pressure on it But you've got to say something You have to come up with something Don't you? The bulk tamper Whiteberry You got to hit the board 3,0,5,60, 2,8,0 And the rise of attention The perfect example of careers What if this purpose for his new show or his ugly show? He uses that word rectum every five minutes Because that's where his brain is He's never going to get past himself for the audience Because that's the town and the people that he's always complaining About the only fools that were given me a lot of money You've been through this for so long You've been through this for so long You have to read just this rectum Hey, young man That's not seeing you hanging around my house And I want to talk to him I want to talk to him What do you need to do? I'm going to put it this way Yeah What did you do? Put the scenes upon the cushion Put the dice board up side down Hey, what? What did you, you broke a bill Didn't messin' with my daughter Jill If it was, you'd better leave this town Well, if it's yes to a dad He gave their pushing, put the things If only the cushions would bring down the dice board up side down Yeah, yeah But she threw me a suit if your daughter had a double batting water So I get where she even all around What are you doing? Come on, come on It's 1.54 at 5.60 WCMSR pool continues We talked to 1,000 people 937 of them said they'd rather have somebody from a Chinese person move in next door 60