Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show to Continental Call 560-562-3-Bredean Brown Bay. Oh, I don't 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal his guests call her sir. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM B's Lee Reed acquisitions or the B's Lee Broadcast Group. Now Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM, the speaker, the Vice President. Members of the 100th Congress, the distinguished guests, my fellow Americans. I have a incomprehensibly large tool. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Oh, yeah. Thank you, my poor scabble suit. Hey, nothing like a hot baller through. You know what they're back to a time when my man had done it on a whole neighborhood smell like a cab to Mavid. Mainly like that no more. With all the new names from Gamble Soup, like Jacob Booth stew, with Country Rat Bow all the motorb维l. And my favorite Kremot Oole. Half lips with T-go pooped dumb naked juice. Oh, and I, your woman is in lunch and sabbos, no more. Calls stabble to B, good. Mmm, good. Mmm, the boo-boo. That was tabble to B. Mmm, the boo-boo-boo. You said it. It's a minute after 10 and 560 WQAM having Tuesday to understand George's that the job yesterday here. Yeah, the job yesterday. Huh? Not a bad. Not a bad job. So at any rate, that's why go thanks by the way, do Martin Luther King for a letterboard is that he said I had a dream which made it possible yesterday for me not to be here. Thank you very much. And then of course, get back last night. Plank comes to about a half hour late, jump into the car, fly over the Macarena, just in time to get a nice rest actually. Take a nice nap. Talk about a coma inducing performance. Wow. Sitting there in between the second and third period, I hear a voice. I hear a voice behind me. Hey, pali, hey, pali. And I thought to myself, that must be fat Jeff Heye from the idea of sales staff. He's an asshole. That big, big fat tub of absolute pure unaudulated crap. He's an asshole. And the sure enough there was. I'm going to tell you something seriously. If I were selling for another radio station in town for queer channel, I wouldn't be running around telling everybody how the book Daniel shows up. You know what I mean? I'm simply thinking, how can you go out and sell it? I mean, I realized this guy's a, you know, he'll go out and sell anything. Remember he used to sell remotes and wouldn't talk to the program director or the talent. And he would just go out and tell us, bater. Oh, yeah, so I'm so hell sure up there on Saturday, whatever, you know, and nobody knew anything about it. Kind of a sharp-spot guy, big, big fat. As he lost any weight, by the way, since that's on the, since he was what, remember? He was like on Death's Door. There's a man who was hobbling around on a cane. And what, what other thing that he had like his his kishki's were pushing out like, uh, huh, remember? All kinds of things. All kinds of things. All kinds of things. Because he was so fat that his body was ready like explode. And you know what? He's still just his, just his fat. Well, I understand it's a tough battle. But you know, when you're going to go around telling everybody that brookdane those sucks. I mean, he already knows that. I don't know about that, but it doesn't lend you a particular rule. You have to find a self-thought on the old season's broken. No, fuck. To be out there in a macro reading in the middle of a 17,000 people, yelling, hey, that broke. I don't know about her. She really sucks, yeah. You know that. We know that, sir. But just a good luck to you go out and sell some spots. So anyway, quite a moment this weekend, you never know if I let's do this radio station, you know? So I, you know, it's kind of a chicken in the question, you know, which came first. Is the media leading the, of course, we got the presidential thing coming up tonight. The state of the union address. I was thinking this morning, I was sitting here thinking of myself in the history of the human race. Never has any individual gotten the so much trouble over a few blow drops. That's really what has boils down to. Here is a man who is in big, big trouble because of a few blow drops. Because of a strain on a, a strain. He's strained and he's staying on a blue dress. So we got that coming up tonight, want to clock her. When a whammer is going to start is the one I think. If they're going to be putting on the defense, we'll still be watching that anyway. So I go away for a couple of days and all of a sudden there's the big news and I'm taking credit for it by the way. Remember what I said here on the Friday? I said here that if Wayne high-pingo would cough up the money and make the pop-el brewery trade, I would kiss a picture of Wayne's ass. And the rumor got back to me in the last 24 hours that that was what put us right over the top. So he's got to go sit up when somebody has first devious ass. He'll go. Says that he let me finish, okay? When somebody has first devious ass. He'll go. Says that he's going to kiss at least a picture of Wayne's pimple ass. Then that's what puts it over the top because let's face it. That was a heroic week. And what which paper was it? Which one of these idiotic newspapers in boy that they really suck about how Wayne saves another franchise with that in the Greg's high-tech. Oh yeah, he's in your saves and other franchise. I didn't realize the dolphins were going to go out of business if Jimmy Johnson left to you know that? There were going to go out of business, right? Yeah. And if we didn't get pop-el brewery, the Panthers were going to go out of business, right? There. So Wayne saves another franchise. That's going away. That's going away. I lied. Oh no. You didn't realize it. Did you? I'm not going to kiss no picture of his pimple ass. No one am going to change my tune about anything. Especially after seeing that debacle of the last night. The first matters for I could do the whole four hours. I just might. So my mother saved me the newspapers. I just might point out to you by the way. Now the trade was what? There was it Saturday or Sunday. I'm losing track of what days it is. It was on Sunday. Right, Sunday. Sunday afternoon. And yesterday morning the Toronto Sun and Toronto Star on the front page up above the mast head. You know where all the prominent stuff is there. We up on top. Pavelle Burre traded to Florida. Biggest sports trade in the history of soft lotus sports. Bar none. This is the biggest story in a long, long time. Here's yesterday's mommy Harold Denver and Atlanta heading to my me for the big game. This with pictures color pictures. This is the same newspaper that put the NBA strike thing resolved on the front page of the newspaper and Michael Jordan retiring with full color pictures on the front page of the newspaper. Way down on the bottom. Oh, it is a lovely color picture of Pavelle. Way down to bottom. Pockey. Florida gets gray and trucks trade. Page one D if you want to find out more. Way down on the bottom of the newspaper. This is in a mommy Harold. But Denver and Atlanta, that's the big story with full color pictures on top. Do you either one of those teams play here? No. I mean, I know the super way it will be played here. But are either one of those like a local team? No. Front page. Sun Sentinel. Monday, January, you think? Here's a big picture of Guy Otney Glaze measuring an alligator hole in the Everglades. Oh, sir. So that's what I'm not making it up. Matthew Chopp. Police choppin it and Philip George measure an alligator hole in the Everglades. It's all part of a day's work for the University of Florida biological technicians. Geater hole as Swamp Lab. That's the big story with a full color picture. And on the left, if you read this stuff on the left, which tells you about more of the good stuff that's weighed on inside somewhere, Panthers trade for Pavelle Brey. Sports. One C. You know, if I'm not going to say this is a Bush League town anymore, because whoever is in the bushes, that would be an insult to them. That is the understatement of the century to say that this is a Bush League town. This town is so, this town makes Canon Dagwin, New York, look like a major metropolis. And that's why you sports right is wait till I get to the part of our David J. Neal, who is discovered something new in revolutionary that's going to give me, you think I got vacation time now, just wait. You ain't seen nothing yet, because he's come up with a revolutionary new formula for how many days you need to recover from transatlantic flight. Nice going, David J. Neal, who's on Choco? Who evidently ain't even only words that African Garbihazian make until many trips to Africa, because otherwise you might have a little bit better understanding of what that transatlantic flight is really all about. And guess what, David, it doesn't take you five months to recover. You can't complain about the intelligence level in this town, maybe because they're just an enemy. And it's terrifying, it's scary. And by the way, Pablo Bury wanted an enemy and then cover he didn't like the limelight. He is guaranteed here. He can go shopping, he can go to the sawgrass, he can walk down, naked in the middle of Main Street, any part of town. And there won't be anybody here who will have any ID who he is. Nice going, Pablo. Good selection. I mean, if anybody wants to be a hockey player in a place where he'll be anonymous, this is the place. Just tell me, just tell me, just tell me what your problem is. Oh, that's so much good, just too many, nothing's so cold. So, I want to hear a powerful move. I'm better with the beauty of it. We know everything about the pitch we need to go. I don't fall to see what you're actually hurt. 300 pounds of praise be enough. But I'll point things out to pitch your own eyes. Everybody's had enough, but that makes that come to me. I don't really care about who she's blown. What else can you say? We hear about it this day. Just think that it's so away, except think that it's cold. Oh, that's so much good, I'm cold. We know that it's so much cold. I'm cold, I'm cold. So, why do he remember him? He'll be a bad or a good person. And he'll be a good person. Oh, that's so much good. That's 15 to 550, that's a few way up. By the way, I noticed that both our local hockey writers and I use that term loosely, David Jamie, and Michael Russo are already starting in. The guy hasn't even gotten off the plane yet. He's not even here in the country yet. And nobody knew his can has mysterious side. Brewery won't talk about Western extortion rumors and whole out the tail. I hate to break the news here. He wants to be left alone. He wants to play the game. He's the most exciting player. Not only in hockey. He's the most exciting player in any sport in the world. For none. But already they're starting. Wow, was it this? Was it cool to help here? Is okay? Maybe he's doing the techniques in his backyard. I don't know. That's his business. Let's just, you know, hope he gets your real soon. And this was a great trade. Nice going there at BM. But I do want to say this. Put it in his proper perspective. You see Brian Murray keeps putting himself in a position of having to do things to compensate for what he don't want to admit the mistakes he made in the past. Like all these bad deals like we signed in Goppermob to a long term contract and Kirk Muller and Dave Ganya, which we got rid of Dave Ganya. I got to assist in Vancouver last night and I was going Dave. And Dave was a good player. He just never, he was terminal here. It was finished here. Terry Murray didn't like him. He didn't like Terry Murray. And he was playing horrendous. And he needed to get out of here. Plus we needed to get rid of that $2.3 million here, which he never should have been playing the first place. Just like Ray Shepherd was finished here last year. He's having a big year in Carolina. 15 goals he's doing great. You see that that concept about the coaching again keeps coming back to mind. And for those who watched that game last night, those of us who were there, you take a look out there and you see that, well, what that lackluster performance. I mean, just absolutely no effort whatsoever. And you wonder what's going on. And then I listened to these great, these astute experts we had the analyst this morning. And yes, I did tune in coming to work this morning because I'm assuming that people would still be talking about this, the biggest sports news. I mean, I'm thinking the dolphins win the Superbowls back to back. The Marlins win the World Series. Other than that, this is the biggest sports news to ever hit this town. A legitimate bonafide superstar is coming here, who is like I said, the most exciting, dynamic player, not just in hockey, but in any sport in the world. Now that Michael Jordan's retired, there is nobody else who is as exciting as captivating as amazing as Pavellbury. And yet I don't hear them talking very much. I heard one call who didn't know what he was talking about about how we're going to unload Kirk Mueller, unloader. How we done unload all these salaries? Well, nobody wanted them this year. And we're still stuck with these guys because we're stuck with a lot of Brian Murray's mistakes. But then Gildy chimes in with, well, I don't forget to hand it out to cough up a lot of big bucks for Victor Cajlott next year. And I'm wondering to myself, we must be paying for figures you get as you get. Because I watched that game last night and I see Victor doing the same thing. See, as a ticket and used to do is figure skating between the blue lines. Like he was in the, the figure skating Olympics and round and round with a big smile on a face laughing at everybody because he was taking home a big paycheck. Now Victor at least does it in the offensive zone. He goes in the other teams zone and he skates around with a puck and behind the net and around and he doesn't do anything with it. He just keeps skating around and around it. And I'm screaming last night enough of the skating exhibition, Victor do something. Now maybe playing with Pavell, Murray maybe brewery will wake him up. Maybe that'll be what Victor Cajlott needs to break out from this coma that he's in. Because if Gildy really believes that Victor Cajlott deserves big bucks for the figure skating exhibition, he puts on most night. And also this is a team that doesn't want to shoot the puck anymore. Even little Ray Whitney don't want to shoot it anymore. Cajlott, he don't want to shoot it. Nobody wants to put it near the net except little Dino, of course. Other than the hand nobody wants to shoot it. So again, I have to wonder about the coaching there about the TM and the BM boys. But nevertheless, nice going there at BM. I give you a credit where credit is due. He stole Ray Whitney. He stole Strock and Shepherd a couple years ago when I would count it three years ago. Ray trade and of course anybody that's going to miss Edgiel Lnowski. I mean, yeah, we don't need special edg. Special edg was he's never going to be any better than what you saw here. Why? And the sports writers and the people on the year don't want to tell you this. I'll tell you why because he's not a bright guy. That's being very kind, special edg. And when you're in that kind of a situation unless you got some smarts and innate smarts, you just not going to well, yeah, ever achieve what your physical potential might have got you to achieve. So good by Eddie, good by special edg. That'd be a great song for Book of Brian. Good by special edg. There you go, not bad. But David J. Neal now the conjecture is and of course I understand I wasn't here. The islander game on Saturday was also a coma performance. That the pancreas won't wonder nothing. coma and then last night beyond coma. It was like they had a bunch of rip and winkles out there. Maybe they all knew the ice was that bad. Maybe they just didn't want to get hurt. But of course the conjecture was that Bray will arrive today. Therefore he'll play against the islanders tomorrow and the rangers on Thursday. Well, not so fast. He says he doesn't take you'll play on Wednesday. And David J. Neal, this again in your Miami hearled. I'm going to tell you something. These newspapers are perfect for this town. They fit like a doctor's rubber glove in your echo. I mean perfect. They just slide right in there. They're interlocking with each other. Wait to hear this. David J. Neal with his offer corner, who's side choco? Right. Bray might have a better handle on the stresses of transcontinental flight than either Murray. Russia is eight hours ahead of the US Eastern time zone. And the rule of thumb is you need one day of adjustment for every time zone you cross. Are you following that now? You need one day of adjustment for every time zone you cross. And then he goes on to say, well thank God we got the All Star Bray coming in. It'll give them all these days to get ready for next week. So every time I make one of my on vacation go to Europe and come back it's six hours difference from the mainland. Five hours from London by I'll go to London who to help with six hours from mainland Europe. Okay. Amsterdam, Rome, all of those places. So that means based on David J. Neal's theory. I need one day for each time zone that I cross. Right. So every time I go on vacation when I come back I'm going to take another six days recuperate. Those of you who like travel to Chicago Dallas. Come back take a day off because that's a time zone you need a day to recuperate. Because you're crossing a time zone. Are following this? If you go to Vegas you come back at a great time you take three days off because you just crossed three hours difference. Right. Isn't that the. That's the David J. Neal. It was close to show you when you wear your who's sold. Shaco to tight. It cuts off the circulation between your ears. Okay. Maybe even in your echo. I don't know what the story is. But this is a man. This is another infant writing about stuff in the newspaper here. I'm going to tell you the coverage on this story is so piss poor here in these newspapers. I've never said the coverage in the Toronto papers and guess what he ain't playing there. I wouldn't play for Pat Glenn anyway. The coverage was 100 times what it is here. And what's the big story here in this sports yesterday in the sunset? No. The burry thing is up on top of Dave a hides column which David's interesting. You know so much since you don't go to any of the games but never to look. Come on down. Oh yeah. These surprising Atlanta foul cones. Here's Morton Anderson kicked the wedding field. Well, foul cones are coming for the first time ever. They're going to be in a super bowl and they're coming at time. Come on down. Call our picture. That's a big story. You see how many times have I told you for so many years that if they're not into it, if they don't understand it, if they don't like it, if they don't care about it, if they know nothing about it, which is the case. Our local newspaper is wow, they give you a little, they'll you know, spoon feed you a little crap. They give you a little slob. And embarrassing humiliating piss poor job. I want to the biggest sports stories ever to hit this town ever in history. embarrassing. Should have been front page right hand corner prominent picture, the whole deal, yesterday, and both papers. Now let me take you one other little thing. Okay, and this is not a little thing. And if you write that game or if you watch the on TV and you're paying any attention, you could stay awake long enough last night to pay attention. You know, when the circus came in a town in the elephant's dropped all their crap in the head, they had to take the ice out of the macarina. And when soon as the circus left, they put down new ice. Now before the circus came in, the ice was real bad. And the older rained down in Miami was bad, but never as bad as it is in this building. It was bad. But since the circus left, meaning last week, the lease game, and this game, I don't know about the others, but couldn't have been any better than the worst last night, because it's the same ice. The ice is so bad, the pup bounces like you're watching a basketball game. I realized the NBO was on strike, but the strike is over, guys. If they want to see people dribbling balls, you want to see guys dribbling their ball, or it's ok. One of the other, but one is the NBA, not in a hockey game. We come in, there's about five minutes left in the first period, come racing in, sit down, Panthers go on a power play. Here's a penalty on Buffalo, we got a power play. Puckers in a Buffalo end, they shoot it down the ice, they clear it down the ice, and the puck bounces about four or five times, and Sean Burke miraculously has to go through all these generations to stop it, because it's taking these crazy bounces and almost goes in our net. Spatlet takes the dump falls on his ass in mid ice, all alone by himself. The referee twice been national, the nearly a fell on his ass, because there are ruts in the ice. The worst ice in history, I've never seen anywhere in any level, in any league, even the kids that play Shini, that's with two wins, Shini hockey on ponds up north. They got a better ice service to play on than the macarina. You're paying $10 million a year, they're going to play this guy to play a sport, the best player in the world, at least the most exciting player. How about putting down some good ice? How about we've gone through the first half of the season already? We got the fan see the red lights when the goals come on, which they still haven't fixed that. Instead of this bush league atmosphere, this bush league presentation that you people put on there in this $200 million arena. So before we start kissing Wayne's ass, or pictures of it as too much, how about starting to take care of the fans, of the players, of the quality of the game? You know, you got Bureh who's like lightning fast, you got the Vorac and Whitney and Ratchuk, all these fast young players. Why would you want to play in a place where this ice is like like a quick fan? You'd want to have the quickest ice service in the league, surface in the league. And yet for some reason, and this one tells me, oh, well, I'm going to talk to Steve Dangerfield about those goals. And I'm, you know, something nothing is going to happen. I believe it when I see it. And the fact that the organization doesn't care enough about the fans, or about the safety of the players, or the quality of the game, the correct these problems in there, that tells me, I don't care how much you spend for Pavelle Bureh, there's still a lot of something that stinks in that joint. So joke. That episode last night, they should have been handing refunds out of the door. They were playing Warhockey, okay? I hate to break the news to you. Warhockey didn't make it here, okay? Didn't make it. The puck is bouncing and bouncing and bouncing and bouncing. How can you make passes? How can there be any continuity? How can you call us a hockey game? And like I've said, so many times before, only here, where there are ministerial numbers of people who understand anything about the game. Only here could they pass this off, and say, hey, isn't this great? Give us a more your money. And have nobody by the way of said me talking about it. That's the best part. 1027 at 5.50 QA and 50. Oh, I got you. It's not heavy on. It's no periage. It's not even tap water. Hey, like 10. Here it is. The new bottled water. The taste like piss because any, you're in for a treat. The new bottled piss water. The next time you want to quit your thirst, take a piss. Piss water. From kidney bottled company, golden shower Colorado. It's a little bit bad. 1031 at 5.50 WQA. I'll tell you what the brewery trade really does. It works the nourishing and the bar's skirt. So anyway, I have a fax here from Dr. Mark this morning. Says, I hope your ranch is better. My best advice is this is classic. My best advice was to wait until you return Monday. And then decide if you want to modify or discontinue the animal at. I was asking George this morning. I was reading him this fax and I was asking him, what difference what it have made if I would have waited to like this morning? To discontinue taking the animal at? And coming here without the pillow, without my blood pressure cup and head my blood pressure, go up to like about 180 over 110 or a stroke on here. What difference would have been if I would have done that today? Or like last day? What was it Friday Thursday? Whatever day it was. Dr. Mark. But at any rate. Also, I do want to mention this Runee Marcky and USA Today gives a hand-gober credit for breaking the Jimmy Johnson story last week. In the local papers, do they give hand credit? No. In fact, Channel 7 was even claiming themselves that they're the ones to broke it, which we know is a bunch of bull crap. A Runee Marcky and USA Today, who writes the sports on a year column, which is a newspaper in all over the world, by the way. Give hand-gober credit in their by name. Nice gone, Rudy. Oh! But the local newspapers in local media too, Teddy, and too much full of crap to do that. God forbid they should do the right thing and give credit where credit is due. Here's a coconut grove. Hello. Neo. Yes sir. Love the hockey talk is this great. Although you're puning I get a lot of calls on it. But no, our first call. So we'll see. There you go. Hopefully, all you do is sort about the newspapers on Monday. I went on and bought the paper and it's like, where's the story? Yeah, where did it go? Why is that on the front page with a picture? Where did it go? Incredible. And I'm wrote there that's that you got a home-loft friend and time to go to the game. Oh, my tail. Yeah, me too. I'm really sorry. Horrible. Oh, I always got some good rest anyway. There's a big, no, but definitely about the ice. It's just, you know, to set it. Is there any way you could bring some decent, decent, mid-of-fire? What they need to do is get that guy from Edmonton or Webitoguy's from who's makes the, you know, the league has got this guy. How Gary Betman can allow this to go on and claim that these are hockey games going on that arena. I just have no idea. This is garbage. Or, I mean, it's just, especially when you don't want to be keen. I mean, Jason, you know, just get some space where that can pick up some speed and there's nothing. Yeah. I mean, it's just, how can anybody pass when a puck is bouncing around? And if you're not on a guy's there try to knock it down and control it. But again, when you deal with fans who I guess are willing to show up and just sit there and, you know, eat a lot of food and give away a lot of their money. I don't get it. I don't, I don't know where these people come from. What they're thinking about, but they sure know nothing about the game. Oh, and the thing with the goal lights that work into me, this is such an insult. It's like them. They might as well come out there and stand at center, I say, hey, all you people out there. Thanks for your money. And if you're expecting anything to go along with it, forget it. Okay. We just want your money. It's just like our philosophy or QAM. That's why it's great that QAM has the pantheogames. Just give us the fucking money. That's all. And don't, uh, did a list without the details. And speaking of QAM, by the way, coming back on the airport last night and having the listen the first few minutes of that first period on this radio station with the anxious Christina, oh my God. An anxious wouldn't be a word for it. More on, wow. And by the way, Randy, more your good guy Randy, but you're a co-conspirator. He's talking right along with Chris. You can hear all the sounds of the game in the background and they're. But that's not on television guys. You're doing a radio game. We can't see what's with. And then all those sitting here, the crowd is screaming and there's still not. But by the old big hit there by Warner. But by the. There's um, there have a conversation. So your good guy Randy, but you're equally guilty with your compatriot there on radio. Just try to describe the game. Okay. That's what you're supposed to be doing. Look at this incredible response to this morning. When I first started talking, we all six lines will have there for just a moment or two. And now the cats got their tongue. The path or cats got their tongue. Two open lines and day one and Broward. One of the most well-mintest moments in the history of this community. And are these people fired up and excited about it? Oh, they are. No. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. This is amazing to me. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Okay. There are gone. Two lines left on the board. Here's POPENO. Hello. I'm a little bit nervous. Yes sir. Holy scald. Just so you know who this is. Yeah. Okay. Sunday night I get caught up to my buddies place. I'm surfing at night. He says pull up the pantsers website. If you see if they've made the treat. Yeah. Pull it up. Nothing. We go to sporting news at HL plaster. Huge head line. Yeah. I will wear a me to pantsers. Can't even put it on their website. It was all over the place. I was on the call there in the football game on and they were interrupting. It was all over the place. I was on the phone. I was on the phone. I was on the trial. I was on the trial. Yeah. They don't even publish a vacation on Sunday night. I know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I agree with you about the big news they've recovered. The worst. The absolute and you know something like I said before it's a chicken and a head question. Because it's obvious that they're doing whatever you know panders do this public or that the public here doesn't care. They wouldn't know POPENO. I said he could be anonymous standing naked in the middle of my publics. He could. Ever lived with me. And back to it. Oh, who's that naked guy over there huh? That naked Rusky with a force kid. Open line in Broward, all three in day. That this you know something this to me is the saddest moment of my life. This really is. You could knock me over with a feather duster. There have been so many others. So many other times when I expected a response when I expected something out of this town. Out of people who might have something to say. And I come in this morning and it's the same old nothingness. There's one one called it upon the board. What you know David J. Neal says after you make those flights course this was only in the same time. So the nevertheless it was like about almost three hours. Takes a long time to adjust that's what David J. Neal said for your body. Oh seriously that's what he says. I want you to stop and think about that. Any of you people have actually been out of town you know like more than an hour away. The rule of thumb is you need one day of adjustment for every time zone you cross. So for in other words if you go to Australia for example you come back you're going to have like a month off. Just to recuperate just to get up to speed. Last call for phone calls here this morning and then I'm going to some real good music baby. Or maybe George would like to do the show again today. Give me another shot. I got some music here. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 on a mobile one line. No land of the absolute that this is this is just it's beyond pathetic. I have no words to describe this. Seriously I have no words to eat on I'm speechless for the first time in 23 years. I have absolutely nothing I can say to sum up the way that I feel at this moment. 21 before 11 at 5 60 WQIM. We're here to have all the communist gone just a short decade ago there were everywhere. And now there is rare as a playboy in Richard Simmons bedroom unless you pick up tickets for this weekend Disney presents. Connie's on ice former dictator loving red tape spreading comedy bastards are now on the ice and swirling their pink a little hard. For you and your family watch the Stalin six juggled their sickles and hammers as they twist and turn an elegant formation resembling fatale tactics they never got to use. Gaze in a maze as glademher jack-off performs the nearly impossible bullshit. 14 40 degree revolution. Disney presents commies on ice employment for take us and entertainment for you this weekend. Kind of timely to think about it anyway 17 before 11 at 5 60 what was that guy trying to say? Well thank you. So anyway you know silly me I should have realized that today is Tuesday already the story is like two days old and yesterday of course to attempt to recover this like a black and right. Oh yes, but all day on it. Didn't you have a lot of calls about it? No. You didn't mention it? No. I figured you'd catch up with it. You didn't have any calls yesterday in four hours about pop out breaming traded to the Florida Panthers for special ed and Dave Gognay. No. You had no in the come on. No. Oh my god. Here's a mobile and for a lot of mail hello. Yes sir. Although burning is like Moses leading the Jews out of the desert. Yeah. I got to tell you it's the great thing that he was going yes. Oh the greatest thing ever happened to the Panthers. He was going to lead a three out of media. Is he right into the problem plan? Yeah. I hope. I guess I've got to be honest. What's the name? He's very good. I like breadhead. He's a real good defenseman. He's not dumb like special ed. He's a good guy. I'll tell you why. The people have said why we were yelling Saturday night. Or it's wheat. My company has been pulled up. They knew about the trade. We didn't know about it. But we were yelling. Hey, we didn't say we wanted Murray. We said we want to borrow. Yeah. Good point. Excellent. Maybe you just got a hearing problem. Okay. Back to you. See whatever you said. We have an open line at Broward 567. They don't care about the bad eyes. They don't care about you know, school lights. Come on. You see, let me say it again. Let me say it for the 10 million times since we reached the halfway point in a season. Somebody somewhere come to our assistance. I'm so sick. I'm tired of listening to Jeff Remer. Tell me he's going to talk to Steve Dangerfield and Steve Dangerfield. I'm going to talk to this one. And somebody's going to talk to the janitor. And the janitor is going to feed his dog. It's going to do something. Is it too much to ask that when you're sitting in an arena and somebody is paying a lot of money for tickets to a sporting event that you see the goal light come on. Is that too much to ask? Now that worth a halfway point at the all star break just about. Is that too much to ask? Oh, sorry. And you sit in there and you wonder, how can I be one of maybe 10 people in the whole joint who care about the your picking on details again, Mister? You're getting too picky or complaining too much. We got Pavel, Barry, what's on you want now? You want to have like a real place where I can play a real game. And you can see something enjoyable. Is that it? Lord, your dream and Mister. This is the soft floor to wait. We have an open line at Droward 567560 and Tom 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, New. Yes sir. Hey, how's it going, man? Okay. I just wanted to say now that all we got a win has been going in as well for Pavel, you think is going to open is want to get 50 ice so we can take advantage of all this team speed we got now. Yeah, that's that's the question. That's what I'm waiting on. You're at a fix up that goal right now that Pavel, Barry is going to be letting open a couple of times. Yeah. Oh, man. I know you're a couple of days ago, but I think Wayne I think is an asshole. Okay. Thank you, sir. There's one more for the poor. Okay. The man's like, well, this rehab, there's a very obvious. It started with buddy never in the article about come on. Let's give a win a break. You know, and took a shot of me, corrosive, the rogers, etc. And so on Wayne given all his money to charity. And then of course this thing that was really, you know, how he saved Jimmy Johnson. He salvaged the whole dealer at the last minute. And they had the breakfast. They got together on Tuesday morning. Whatever day it was. And now Wayne saves the second franchise in just a week. Says the headline. He must be really a great guy. We didn't know what he's a hell of a guy. Isn't it? No. See, and it's not just Wayne though. It's the Murray's. It's the danger field. It's all of people who work in any aspect of operations in that arena. If you really cared about the product that you people are putting forth in front of the public, you would address these problems. The quality of the ice being number one first and foremost. And number two, the ability of the fans sitting on both sides to see the red light and the green light anytime they come on during the course of the evening. Okay. You understand that. No. It's like you're talking in a foreign language. I'm talking Sanskrit here. And these are very simple basic common things. You don't have to be some kind of a rocket science. You're some kind of a died animal hockey fan to understand these basic things that I'm talking about. And nobody here seems to give a crap. And when you're going to a place like I've told you before, just to sit around in socialize and smooth and stand around in front of everybody else, I guess you don't care about those things. Here's a mobile and pop at oh hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today, sir? Okay. You wouldn't be expecting this time. Nobody knows anything about hockey. Anybody's ever watched probably play. Those are the physical forces. You've got all the time, the world, but nobody's watched the place. We're going to over there. You know that this time. They've never watched them play. Well, they might have seen them on jail often as then crew around television. Do you know the fans down here? Yeah. Well, anybody who's watched the game and knows the game, how excited they are, the probably getting. No, you also think you're right. You're right. You make an excellent point and one of the things that's been done here, and I've talked about this several times, the presentation of the sport in this town, it's like, there are the panthers and they're the only team in league. In other words, I know last night we finally got the out of town scores on a lot, but up until recently, even the out of town scores is like an act of thought. It's like, this is the only game you need to worry about, because we're taking you money for this game and anything else that's going on for get about it. And in your right, the job that's been done is so pissed for teaching the people or anything about the stars of the game and the other teams, especially the ones we don't play very often like the Western Conference. If anybody watched me at Kubrick over the final few carries them on their back, yeah, whole playoff. What is going on? You can see the team going on the playoffs out here. I mean, what's watch? Once you search play and down here, the fans are going to be poth no point. Did they just got to watch and play and die up here night? Because these exciting as well. Okay. I have an ice cream for you back to you. That's right. He's got a good point. They're saying who would be talking about some Russian guy, some coming on ice? So excuse me, I'm awfully sorry. I'm getting carried away again, okay? Because I realize that this is very boring to most of you that I apologize profusely. Don't I? No. I'm embarrassed for this time. It's just my embarrassment level never ends. It helped perrokeal and how narrow and how just limited in scope. Like, come to work this morning listening. And I'm expecting that like walking into the arena last night, even though I know the scores already too nothing. Because at least Chris Moore did give me the score, not too much else. So I know it's already too nothing but for that point. But I walked in there, we ran in there, expecting this like an aeraveluct tricity in the air. And the only thing in the air was, yeah, somebody I wrote had a little problem I thought was looking in our section. That was the only thing in the air. And under 5 million was singing. Yeah, there's something in the air in 101. But other than that, it was like a single business. Same a sorry people getting up and walking up and down the aisles while the game is going on. Scott Tortz is telling me there were some some jackass at the concession stand, talking to some other jackass. Oh gee, we got this big physical guy Peter Warrell and they set him down to the miners. I don't understand it. You know, something most of the people this time wouldn't know a real hockey player. If you stuck his stick and his arm all the way up there. Back home until a stinger came out there. Tonsels. Or their tonsils used to be. Here's Miami. Hello. Excellent. Okay. Two open lines of day one and a grower. Finally. And by the way, this guy at least knows how to pronounce the name. We got a coach. By the way, Terry Murray before you leave on that trip, his name is Brury. Okay, not Bray. I think we got to call him the federal bro of investigation to check this out. Got to coach the campground out to name a disguise. We just got the most excited player in the game. I'm listening to his interviews before the game on this station last night. Pavel Bray. Well, Bray this and Bray that. Hey, Terry, you are a dumb guy. Okay. You and your brother. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I agree with you a lot of these things. I think he hasn't asked. I can argue with my friend in my last night. He tried telling me that I didn't get had to sell them more. I don't know choice. I think to least I'm very good at it. I wanted to all the teams. I went to the football and baseball team. Is that true? No, it is not. We argued about it last night for an hour. He's a. He's a. I said again, no, it is not. The reason he saw the team is because he knew that they wouldn't build him a a dumb stadium. And that's why I got rid of it. Because I remember hearing something years ago that there was a big stink about he couldn't have a professional football. But he did. Didn't he have it? Hey, got to win. Have they changed the ruling? No. No, they had not. I just had your friend. I got to tell your friend he's full of crap. I'll can you win. And I get half. We have an open line of day one in Broward. Five, six, seven. See these are the kinds of things that people spend their time arguing about in this night. That's the kind of. This is the kind of meeting potatoes we can really sink our fall steep into. Okay. If we can ever dig them out of that glass of food and stuff over there. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, real. Yes, sir. Let me ask this as far as the ice quality. There's the climate here in South Florida. Does that have anything to do with it? No. Does that not? No. Would that guy in Edmonton? Yes. So what is it that they do? What is it that they do? You ask him. I don't know. They say that Edmonton's got the best ice in league in this guy's an expert. He's a consultant that goes around league. And supposedly they'd brought him in here. But if they brought him in here, they must have forgot whatever he told him. All right. Great. And as you also have a little more questions. What do you think about the office turning for the polling cup? Okay. 560 and 560 and 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Torlauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. That game is a disgrace. I almost fell asleep. And I'm the big hockey fan. Yeah. I mean, I go into expecting electricity in the air. The team is in a coma. The fans are in a coma. The ice is grow test. The puck is bouncing around. I'm watching Terry Murray standing there with his armistool to like a dead man. He looked like Don I'm standing up. I mean, well, what was that last night? I don't know. You know, sometimes when they have cones and guys stay through the cone. Right. That's what he does. Yeah. I mean, he looks like he put on a tremendous performance of a figure skating. Maybe he ought to like like acid ticking. And maybe the two of them ought to team up and do like, you know, some figure is the only thing. Right. That's right. Max pairs. And the ice. The wraps kept falling down on the ice. Did you see that? Yes, I did. Like two or three times the rep was falling down. How big expect the players to come out? How come all these brilliant sportswriters in this town, especially Michael Russo and David Janeel are supposed to be the mavens in our two bushling newspapers? How come they're not writing about this stuff? How come they're not? How come they're just neorages on here if I hit some other people in the media saying the same things and raising the stick about this? Maybe something might get done that you go into a game and you can't see the goal lights when a goal is scored depending on where you're sitting. And the ice is the worst in the history of the league. And nobody wants to talk about it? I understand. I'm just an 185 million for beautiful building that can't go down these tonight. Yeah. Like 10 to me. Oh well, keep going. Okay, good luck to us, pal. Bye. We have an open line. Don't you understand that we don't care. Nothing that you say will make us care. We aren't interested. You can sit on there and scream and holler and get agitated and work up yourself to a fever to get a blister on your erected whatever we don't care. Nothing you say will make us care. We care about Napoleon Kaufman. We even care about George S. Kaufman. We don't even know who Naly was. We care more about him than this crap that you're talking about. We just refuse to care, right? Okay. Then we got a straight. Oh, shh. Hi, pal. Hello. In the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloyd Webber's shoes in the attic. The Anne Frank Dyerie. You'll leave the fear humming those catchy tunes. Like no more being. I'm writing all of this down. Don't rush till enough these go home. I journeyed my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the attic. The Anne Frank Dyerie. CD available now. I'm about to talk at 5.50 WC. By the way, speaking of Jews in the attic, Jerry Falwell says the anti-Christ is probably on the earth right now. How do you like that? The old Jerry, no superstition in his family. That's right. The Reverend Jerry Falwell says the anti-Christ is probably alive today and is a male Jew. Oh, he also believes the second coming of Christ probably will be within his court court 10 years. In a speech, there is the about the concern people have over the new millennium. Falwell told about 1500 people of the conference on evangelism at King's port Tennessee that the anti-Christ is a male and is a Jew. Who will the anti-Christ be? I don't know he said nobody else knows. Is he alive in here today? Probably because when he appears during the tribulation period, he will be a full grown, counterfeit of Christ. Of course he'll be Jewish. Of course he'll pretend to be Christ. Of course he'll be wearing those stupid sandals. And if in fact the Lord is coming soon, he'll be an adult of the presentation of himself he must be alive somewhere today. According to the Bible, the anti-Christ will spread universal evil before the end of the world that will finally be conquered at the second coming, scored court of Christ. Falwell, a chancellor of Liberty University and Lynds Bergen Fodor of the Now-Defunk moral majority, said Friday and William's birthday did not intend first aim to be anti-Jewish. First not, he said he meant only that the anti-Christ must be Jewish because Jesus Christ was a Jew. If he's going to be the counterfeit of Christ, he has to be Jewish, Falwell said, the only thing we know is he must be male and Jewish, so look out for guys eating too much, Delling is what he said. He said it will tell your kishki's out, or by the way, he had some real good kishki over the weekend, not here. Rabbi James Rubenny, director of all, got a great kishki story by the way, otherwise, this is the best. I'm sitting in the pickle barrel restaurant, we're having lunch yesterday at the pickle barrel in Toronto yesterday. The waitress had just brought me my appetizer, kishki stuffed to him, okay? And all like Bagley, he looking at the woman comes in, and she's got the stack of these little magazines. What's all the watch towers that it, your hope is witnesses, what she says? Can I give you a magazine about God? And I said no thanks, I'm Jewish, don't you see, I'm eating kishki. So she looks at it, she's, is that good? I said, oh, it's great, I said in fact, we eat it, it'll make you do it. She sits down at the table behind us, and what does she order? Kishki, oh, that's right, I have a Jehovah's Witness eating kishki. So as she's sitting there, you just, I mean, sucking it up, including the casing by the way, you're gonna die, bitch, she's eating the everything, just sucking it down. And she says to me, well, don't you, you do, in the religion, don't you have a guy, I said, oh, she says to John, why, I offer you one of these, I said, no, he's an atheist. Oh, oh, she says, well, don't you, I felt as believe in anything, I said, yeah, maple leaves. She says, make believe, this is, this is true, I'm not making this up. I'm in Toronto, I said, maple leaves, make believe, I said, you make believe. And she's sitting there sucking down the kishki, true story at the pickle barrel. And she loved it. In fact, when we got up the left, I said, wasn't that as good as I told you? She said, oh, yeah, I said, okay, you're Jewish now. Rabbi James Ruden, the director of Interreligious Affairs for the American Jewish Committee in New York said to come in by fall, well, surprised him, because he knows fall, as a strong supporter of Israel is not anti-Jewish. So this is part of what I call Millennial Madness Ruden said. The single out anyone man and particularly identify him as Jewish, and there's some latent and historical anti-Semitism from the past. Some of her maybe Jewish follow is just latent, maybe that's the problem. Like Trent Lot, they're latent. Here's a four-later nail, hello. And now, yes sir. You know, if I guy know that the red one is going to sweep the series again this year, number three. And, yeah, and then I'm going to fill there. Now, this is a car, and then the phone call, can you tell me what's going on there? Yes. We have an open line of day-d-d-wated bride. Should I talk to you about there? I'll never again. Okay. Never again. Mark down in 11-0-4 on no matter how many times I've said it before. Tuesday, January 19, 1999. You can take your hockey disc. I'm sure I can do one of two things. I can sit here and put my hand, head my hands, and cry, which is what I would like to do. Over the, I don't want to say it's a one-dimensional town. It's a non-dimensional. Non-dimensional. No matter what it is, they don't know nothing about it. They don't care for them, they don't know for them. No matter what it is. Non-dimensional. Forget about Pavell. Breeze, forget about special ed, forget about bread, headache, forget about all of it. Okay. I'm sorry, everybody. And you people, when I go to the hockey games from now on, including, you know, is it much your all next Wednesday? Whatever the next time you guys leave me alone. Don't come near me. Don't speak to me. I'm going to go and piece and watch the game. Don't come suck it around pretending, you know something about it. I can't deal with it anymore. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. Oh God. And making it even worse is this patch for my friend, can the Elimot driver. Thank you for the kind words on Wednesday. Bop-bop-bop. I know he's star in the limo industry. When you weren't, tell you wrote his letter can. Keep shooting yourself in the foot. He says, I do have a good friendly relationship with Rimmer and think he is a great guy. I would like to set the record straight and let you know that he did try to tip me but I wouldn't accept it because of our relationship. I'm here. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hey, fill the bug manual. Listen, wait till you're this line. And besides, I'm trying to get a bunch of panther stuff from him. George is being in his pants right now. He is wetting his pants. He's putting on the pens that you now listen to. Left over the weekend. I'm going to give him a fill of number. Is this incredible? I mean, you talk about the oldest goddamn scam in the history of mankind. Rimmer. Oh, yeah, wow, here. Oh, yeah. And what he does, he holds out the building and it's a little bit of his. But he's got the thumb and the forefinger. He's got that bill locked in his hand on a death group. As in just trying reach for it, okay, pal? And maybe you'll tear the little corner of the 20 off or what the five off, whatever it is, the dollar bill off. But he's promising him some panther stuff. All poor can, poor can the limo driver, okay? Another one is going to be left in the wake of all the suckers in this town who got sucked in for freebies by Rimmer, promising panther stuff. T-shirts, autographs, hockey sticks, hockey parks. There you go. Oh, don't forget what thing can. hockey puck rhymes with smoke, don't be a schmuck. Take the money in one. And frame it. Yeah, get a tip for a member of frame it. Here's floor to city. Hello. Are you doing? Okay, sir. A little concerned about the buray. I mean, tremendous talent. I mean, he's by four of the greatest player for playing this franchise. But what do you concerned about? Well, they've tried to forget about this caliber, but they've treated for quality guys supposedly in the past and they come here and they somehow come here. They come here and they somehow come with the co-inval production fund. And if anybody can do a Terry Murray, he's a turnaround specialist. He can take the best guys in the league in tournament who come all the like overnight. Well, not only that, and they go to other franchises and pick right up where they left the hall. Yeah, like Shepherd. Yeah. And gang, I mean, it's my, it's my, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, they coach maybe it's the general manager. Maybe it's the system. Look at Marty Stroka. Look at Stubborns. Look at all the guys who left here in Great Dispavor with the coach with the organization. And they've gone elsewhere. I said this before and done, and been tremendously well. So, where was this something in the back of my mind? I've been thinking since I heard this story. How long before Terry Murray does something to piss Pavel Bury off? Or did that sort of wonder? We're just mute as talent. Right. Exactly. Well, if anybody can do it. Right. Is with you have anything that holds your head on it that is not going to happen. No, of course not. I'm just hoping for the best. I mean, after last night, it's got to be an improvement. If the guy shows up here breathing, it's got to be an improvement. It's a bad thing like basketball. One guy can turn around. Yeah. Well, he's got to have a supporting cast. You know, and I'm hoping for the best. You'll be so we're going to miss Joe over time. Yeah, I have a job. He just an incipit tour, a penal attention. Okay, just a little butt sucking incipit tour. We're going to be paying Victor Coslaw. The big bucks next year, right. We like figure skaters, I guess. Maybe you'll be in the figure skating. I'll take it. Take it easy. Have a great day. Day County lines are open 560 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. As once again, the old shoots himself in your foot, can the limo driver, shoot it in the foot. Come on, let's get that panther paraphernalia for the rimman. Come on. Is that incredible? Same old tired lines. It's like a pickup line. Like a pickup line in a bar. Oh, yeah, you know, I can't, I can't give you any money for the ride. You know, times are a little tough right now. And Denise Patthand, he's making all the big bucks over there. But I'll get you a t-shirt. I'll get you guys to sign it. I'll get you some paraphernalia, some memorabilia. Uh-huh. Right. Hold your breath. Again, just hold it real tight. 9 minutes after 11 at 560, WDQA. Hello, no. I want to take you a question. Um, my phone is watching your program. On, um, on when the Miami, the date was the, um, 15. And um, I don't know, a prison kind of anti-crisis. Yeah. Because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool. And you also want to just as ladies and then, but let's dig on now. I don't know, it's the whole 10 or 59 is the anti-crisis channel. Um, please, I'm really concerned. And I will let you know, as you're the anti-crisis. Yeah. Thank you. And please, as I see you somewhere, I will mean something to be water. Because you know, you turn my son into a baguette. And you made my son serve the anti-crisis. Thank you. And have a nice day. Alright. Have a nice day. Have a nice day. Good job, Dave. There he was just a walking on the sea sing. And you want to edit edit done edit. He's a man from the land of tellers sing. You want to edit edit done edit out. He's the key, he's the key, the key, the key. He's the key, the key, the key. He's the key by the changes water into wine. The next thing I knew we had a lemon on his feet sing. And you want to edit edit done edit out. He's a man from the land of tellers sing. And you want to edit edit done edit out. He's the key by the way. He's the key by the way. He's the key by the way. Oh, some babies the son of die. Oh, oh, oh. Yes, they do, but there's other people think it's so hot. Now he's the reason that we have any sedation. To a dead, they said it done edit out. And he's the reason that all the Christians were saying. And to a dead, they said it done edit out. They praised him, praised him. He'll down, kneel down, praise him. He'll down, the man who wore a thorny crown. To a dead, they said it done edit out. To a dead, they said it done edit out. To a dead, they said it done, he's the key. To a dead, they said it done, he's the key. To a dead, they said it done, he's the key. To a dead, they said it done. He's the key by the way. Let's stick with it positive, okay? Joe de Mayo is out of the hospital. He wants to talk to first ball in the Yankee stadium, baby. He's doing it. See if he just leave the bastard alone. What did I tell you? Leave the son of a bitch alone. He'll heal up. He'll be just fine. So he's missing a lung. He spoke to few too many of the faggot. He'll be okay. He's the first ball and then he's going to go, oh, hey. Right there, Yankee Stadium. Maybe even this time out there would center field. Instead of building a monument, does this, this is as out there. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Neil, got. Mr. Hey, and reference to the hockey mentality down here, I think it could be explained really. The last night in the pregame, there was Denise with a grease board explaining, taking five or ten minutes to explain icing and two-line pass. Oh, not again. You have to be joking. Is this like the best thing? The sixth year. He says this is the sixth year. And he's taken five or six, you know, I don't know, five, six, seven minutes to explain icing and two-line pass. That's it, right there. Nice. The harder I feel about these calls, they were not getting. I feel really, really happy. And should. Also, Shane's subject's too little bit about that red wing fan to call a bit of, I'm a red wing fan. I'm going to tell you what, I'm going to win out when it's too many games. So I was like, what are you doing out? Oh, he's going to get an out. He's going to be in the first pitch, like, three months. And I'll every year he calls and says the same. When somebody doesn't know anything, it's like the people I call these sports shows, like the jet span JATX. Oh, I don't know anything. They just make a lot of noise. And by the way, how did Jets do them by the way? Are you going to be called out for the Super Bowl? No. You think of Joe Deez going home, so he could make that trip to the Hall of Fame in the sky, or what? He's going to that big Hall of Fame in the sky. Yeah, I don't want to be in the neighborhood. He's going out the first pitch, like, three months and three, and not the first pitch. He's going to be there too. He's going to catch it. All right, that's a great day, pal. And then they're going to fly off. And we have an open line of day, one at Broward, five, six, seven, oh, five, fifty, pomp five, six, the only AT&T wireless line. Joe and Joe, the Maggio, baby. I can't keep a good man down. Right? Even though he's 125 years old, we're spelling from it. We're so excited that Joe and Joe's out of the hospital. Here's Pomp and O, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You make remember me. I'm the guy who gave you that old CBL tape a couple of weeks ago. Oh, yes, remember. You know, the atmosphere in that place is dead. Totally, totally dead. So I've got an idea, and maybe it'll let you touch it up a little bit. Yeah. You know, they play the leaps on the third. Why not bring Paul Morris down here to do the public address. No, yeah. No, no, no, no. There's another thing. Because he's also the Maple Leaf Electrician. Maybe he can fix some of the bugs in the building. Oh, there. Is he's also the Electrician? Yeah, you didn't know that. No, he did not. No, you know, he doesn't say the Center IC. So I don't know. He says they showed him, I'm trying to think which game it was. Maybe he was a week ago, Saturday. Showed him for the first time. But he said that's the Electrician's room. That's where he says. Really? Yes, but you see the, you know, the kettle electrician at the gardens. Maybe we can kill two birds with one stone. He don't want to come here. Believe me. No, it's knowing my tech up there. Maybe he was not. But was bad. We were there this weekend. It wasn't bad. It was the aftermath of the snow. It's a little slouchy. Believe me. We've got a lot of being here. But I think that would help you out this year here. And maybe improve some of the bugs in the building. Okay, sir. Have a great life. I'll try. We have an open line of day one at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. So Dr. Mark says about a week, but a bit, but a bit, but a bit, but a bit, I totally do this. Yeah, you screwed up, Dr. Mark. Why don't you admit it? Okay. You screwed up big time. You're a good guy in every solar freight train. And this thing, by the way, ain't completely gone. It's mostly gone. But it's slow. In fact, it was completely gone all weekend long. I left the house this morning feeling great. I came in here and all of a sudden, there's just a little touch of this back again. Maybe I'm just allergic to QA in. Maybe I'm just allergic to this town. That could be. It's a possibility. Uh-huh. That's how I do when I show from outside far away. Several times owns two, by the way. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you, sir? Okay, listen. I think you have to relax with toddler coming down yet. But people don't know them. Yeah. Right? How is that? I just can't relate to that. I can't understand that. I understand that and you understand that. But the people down here just like they didn't know the bees are, and they know all of the something they embrace them. This guy's going to get on the ice. He's going to light it up and before you know it, you're going to see everyone wearing the burry jersey. Okay. I hope you're right. I know him right. Okay. You know, once in your own benefit, no kind of happened, a lot more Gary Glyttis. Oh, no. That's right. Oh, God. You're in a pit. You're in a pit. You're in a pit. They won't come in. Oh, you're right. Have a great day. Nothing worse than somebody that talks when you're trying to talk. Nothing worse. They were playing Gary Glyttis Minnesota when Atlanta was getting ready to kick the winning feel goal and Morton Anderson. They were playing Gary Glyttis. When they were getting ready to get beat. And the crowd's gone, hey, good morning. Hey, hey, hey. I'm thinking, why are you people cheering? Your game is in Minnesota. They're about to lose the game that they had won by the way. They're about to lose. And they're playing bad. I had to crowd, you know. I don't understand it. We have two open lines in Broward, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, on the AT&T wireless line. There is something in here. I'm going to tell you that right now. And it doesn't surprise me because knowing that they don't even, they won't even spring for an exterminator in this building. We got answered all kinds of crap running around. You people over in the other building that are all excited about getting out of there and moving into this building. I hate to break the news to you, but I think we got a corporate disease. The duck leader was just in last week. Well, I got news for him. He must have left a dirty duck or something. Yeah. I say, fuck, duck is what I say. And let's get out of business. There's something. There's a fungus among us in this joy. Because that was feeling great. I left the house this morning feeling you fork. I felt so good. And now all of a sudden I get a little bit of this flush back. And I'm choking in gagging, touched this overhead. And I'm going to go ahead and screw up by the way. I mentioned a passing. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I listen. I don't mean to change the topic of your show, but I thought it might be a great idea for you to let people who are listening know that system. He can use all the hope to. Okay. We have an open line of day one and a grower. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. If you're not a silly little spick, we'd love to hear from you. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hey. Neil. Yes sir. Green go over here and Fort Myers man. We just let you know that we love you over here. And why does everybody call and talk about basketball? Who wants to hear it? Hey. If you guys want to see some good hockey, go see that Miami Matador's over there. Okay. Thank you sir. Okay. Two calls left at the board. We got an open line in the two and day two and a broad. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes. How you doing today. I was doing it. When I came in, it's an hour 25 minutes later. Not doing so good. I know that you're pretty. He pressed them right ago and I break into tears. Listen, I wanted to ask you a question and ask you. Listen, it's a question too. They ever heard of a treatment called K-Lation therapy. Ah. That's for good for diabetes, blood pressure, 5 blood pressure. Why are you bringing this up? Don't I have enough problems here? I was going over today and you're starting with K-Lation therapy. Have you ever heard of it? Of course. Did you ever try it? No. I'm trying for what? I was supposed to be able to cure diabetes, cure high blood pressure. Why? There you go. Try it. Try K-Lation therapy. If you've got a, you've got to spray and tell. Try K-Lation therapy. You've got a headache. Try K-Lation therapy. There reminds me of shows I used to do years ago, which I'm embarrassed by the way. Do I dare say it? And by the way, that one spot that you must need to do one year. I will not do it. Remember where she came and talked to me last week about it. I'm not doing a healthcare spot. Okay. Period. End of the discussion. And years ago, I had a guy who's a nice guy. You know, he met Will and you had to use to have those boring, terminal-githinutrisionists and doctors and a chiropractor. Oh, yeah. And the people are calling. Hello, doctor. I've got like cancer and green lips and gangry. Try chiropractic. Hello, doctor. I've got bleeding ulcers. Try chiropractic. Hey, doctor. I've got like a bubonic plague. And I've got a doctor. I've got a doctor. I've got like a bubonic plague. And I've got trichiropractic. Seriously? No matter what it is, they call that they had. Trichiropractic. Which I was inspired to mention because this guy's hockey me a Chinak with his stupid calculation therapy. With the same old tired, the bubble mice. We have two open lines in date. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the end. By the way, if you've got a bruise rectum, my carapractive man. Another carapractive is no above bruise rectum is most of them have one. It's 1126 to 5.60 QAM. A lot of bruises in their day of life. The high on the WB, the premiere of Where My Woman at, Follow the hilarious misadventures of a white feeder and is battered woman as she never gets the dinner on the table on time. Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston star with special guests. OJ, it's tonight on the WB. Here's a shocking fact, four fired employees awarded $20 million. Albany Kentucky, a jury awarded $20 million to four former employees of a Walmart store after the sudden company unfairly fired them for eating damage, nuts, and candy. Each of the four workers was awarded a million dollars for slander, a million dollars for embarrassment and mental anguish, and three million dollars impunity of the damages and this is non-frighting. And whoever sent me the facts rights on the bottom, they should make the families of the kids who died as a result of the WR Grayson Beatrice Food Contamination feel really good, seven kids that only a total of 8 million. So seven kids that's only worth 8 million, but four people who were fired from Walmart get a total of 20 million because they were eating damage nuts and candy and got their ass canned. Don't you teach your kids don't eat damage nuts? That's one of the first things you supposed to tell them. You have an open line of day at 5.670560. We got you managed by the way today. Yeah, I'm an up at two o'clock from Shulers Day 2 for Hank, who's on the way back from Vegas or in transit or whatever. And then we got the books here. Books here talking baseball. Sixth grade of clock tonight been talking in the regular crap from eight to ten. Eddie Kaplan talking pure gambling ton of clock tonight. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Very excited about Ferry. Yeah. I don't know what's wrong with this town. I've been sitting up there in section 414 all season. And just waiting for some good to happen. Jove has gone to Vancouver. Burrace coming down. I'm really excited about it and people don't realize this is like if they eat fine kippin. You know, that's not like it's not like it's like if they eat side Michael Jordan. Yeah, you're right. You're right. I mean, it's just like if if if if they are just we were talking Danny boy, they would understand. But they just don't understand that this could we may. We may have to know how to. So out of it man and not now I understand. I was all starting to come into focus for me. Why you go in there and you're seeing one thing and all these. Hey, right. If you're stuck. I mean, you're dealing with 17 18,000. Those people that wouldn't know a guy damn hockey puck if you stuck the whole team up there. You don't get it. They don't understand it. You only turned to how long before they start catching on a little bit. Uh, I don't know. How many goddamn years does it take? Many, many more obviously. Jesus. Because I guess unless we rename the Stanley Cup to Super Bowl Cup, it doesn't matter. Yeah. That's a big issue. I'm really sorry. Yeah, we sure had a lot of those badmackers. It jumped for three years ago, didn't we? Oh, they were all out there waving there. Little they had their panther around the corner. They're going to the window. They had them up, paste it on their. Correct. All over the place. Oh, yeah, but now it's like, and then Murray, if he has a real more confidence than anybody else in his town, I mean, Terry, I mean, those guys out there last night are your right. And how is that the islander game? They're not playing for it. Did I say early in the season that these guys weren't going to play for him? And you watched these last two games. And they're in a coma. They look like Rippan Winkle in a deep sleep. With Todd's loft, with his little Russian ice show out there, he can't shoot. He's afraid. He got raced, so scared like he's going to bench him or something. And they're all just running around out there like they don't know what they're going on. But that's all I had to say. And enclosing. Ed Joe Vancouver. We have an open line of day one in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six, six, seven, five, six, six, six, and five, six, six, six, six on the AT&T Wireless. What what what he'd be saying? Here's a mobile encendel. Hello. Any other? Yes sir. I'll be out of good vacation. I didn't have any vacation. I had a 3-day weekend, not a vacation. Well no, it's a great time. Wonderful. You can kick you in the Toronto, yes. All right. Back in 1986, when I first started getting interested in the pants, of course, you know, I got excited because they're great, more than everything. But I took it upon myself to learn the game and understand how it's played, understand what's it, you know, all the penalties and everything. And I don't even go to the games. I want the games on TV. Yeah. That's all I do. Of course, I have to listen to Remorzac, but I mean, what can what I can do about it. Well maybe if it's a compassioned merchandise, it'd be watchin' out. Yeah. I can't believe people alone who's piled over at hands. But that's scary. That is downright scary to me. I just can't comprehend it. When I got into hockey, I bought, you know, how many young guy? I bought middle games and everything. I played, I understood, you know, with that. I played all the rules and everything. And I also played the game, you know, like, three hockey everything. I think it'll probably stop that you stand this for if I'm gonna get into it. And we see what he or nobody sees in kick it. I think to some of the games, I do a scream and we don't train just like in the, you're just like in the football game. And I don't understand what the hell's going on. And, you know, it's really disappointing. So I put it, that's why I let that thing know. Well, thank God for you and me. All right. Oh, see, there's somebody that actually making a little effort to find out what's going on out there. These people don't care. It's a party out there. Like I keep saying the same thing over and over again. But I just have to pinch myself to believe that it's true. To believe that there are that many disinterested people who are all congregating in one place who couldn't give a crap lesson or nothing about it. And I just did it kill some time. That's very believable here, isn't it? I'll kill some time. And it's God for a second place. I mean, you can't chop up the sawgrass non-stop. Round the clock. Sooner or later you've got to find something else to do. Take your finger out of your echo. Then go over there and kill a couple hours. Kill two or three good hours. Wondering around each of that expensive over-priced food. Shmoose in a hallway. Get on your cell phone. That's not that that, you know. Kill some good time. Here's Candle Little Driver who's waiting for his Panther paraphernalia. And has a very long wait, by the way. It's turning me into a star here. Yeah. Yeah, it's not like that with the rim, right? No, it's him a long time. So, it's because you know him a long time. That means that you've got to give him limo rides for free. Oh, no, no. He's a kind of a buddy. You know. So what about it? It's not like we're treating him. You've got a shmox. No. You're kind of a buddy. Is there any good guy? Anybody is rimmers buddy. If you do stuff for him for free. If I am meals, you give him limo rides for buddies. Yeah, he's considerate back to me. He's a good guy. So by doing what? Uh. I don't want to do that. Oh, my doing what? What does he get for you? He's got me to game. He gets you in the game. Yeah. Yeah. And I've got some stuff. Some stuff. And got some stuff. Just like I said, there you go. Yeah, but it's no big deal to me. No big deal to him. It's uh. You're damn right. It's no big deal to him. It's a part of the dime. It doesn't cost me a dime either. Well, you're easy. That's all I can do. You know, you're right. This guy's made a whole, he's made a whole lifetime of guys like you. Oh, I know. But he's still a good guy. He doesn't take advantage of me. And then say he's not a good guy. He's just a cheap prick. That's all. Oh, good guy. He's a cheap prick. Yes, he is. I'm used to cheap prick. Because I've done all day long. Um, but you're right about getting a bury in him. So it's really what I call this. They get more. They know I have no idea who he is. I keep. I'm jumping up. They know what they're like. They do who this man is. They're rushing rockets. They don't know him from the pocket rocket. Well, these do know how somebody did a pass the puck to him. Now while he's sitting in front of the net. I like nobody else doing that to him. But they're like that with the, they're like that with the, they're like that with the basketball team football team. They don't care. And the last something really big happens. And they splash it all over the newspapers and then news. Now I understand why they love Peter Rorel. He's, they can relate to that. Oh, because we're that, they think is beating the crap out of everybody. That's the idea of excitement. That's what they want to see. My wife and her was nothing about hockey says, who is this guy? He can even skate. You know, she could see even somebody who's nothing about hockey. Understand, so it's going to use a terrible hockey player. All he does is beat people off. You might still have Mike Tyson skating around on that ring. Yeah, now by the way, another great performance at Vegas. Wow. Another nice one. Great interview. We're ready for it. Yeah, great interview. Big Spadbum and a new ride at the end of the first round. Beauty. Just great. All right, you know, all, uh, I'll stop by in the, maybe see the next game. Okay, can't think. There's poor kids. That's the American fucking way. That's right. The American, you know what, America is now America has become the jury Spinger Show. Period. I'm telling you that that's America for you. Everything in America has become now the jury Spinger Show. Including that Tyson thing with that ball at the end of the first round. And all the four that are all the, and, you know, even when it doesn't have to be, it's been so, come to me in there. You know, like on a jury Spinger Show. He has invented a new America. 21 until noon at 5.60 W 2 a.m. This is 5.60. 2 a.m. It runs the motion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. It works the lotion in the basket. It makes you see the lock. It works the lotion in the basket. It puts them both in the yellow. It works the lotion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it works the lotion in the basket. It has to hold it out. It works the lotion in the basket. But I have to get it. It works the lotion in the basket. It will rub it on my brother. It works the lotion in the basket. I have to try to eat my skin so, come on. It works the lotion in the basket. I said, I said, I love it. I said, I like to pass around this way. I said, I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I like to pass around this way. I call it 45 to 560wm per tremendous joy from the UAV this morning. So we're so to hear a trip into the RFAC. Great tender is trouble waters. After receiving a complaint about passing boats, a passing boaters, county officials are working to correct several prohibited methods of sewage disposal and local draw bridges, cramped in the tiny shacks, some with no disposal systems for eight straight hours, some bridge tenders are resorted to using funnels and pipes that discharge directly onto pylings and the water below. Officials said that this charges were prohibited and pledged to correct that. That's a prohibited discharge there. Oh geez, absolutely correct. At the base people see people pee in the water every day and said environmental specialist John Ryan who discovered the situation. It's not a big pollution issue unless you're the guy in the boat below. I guess men it's just rude. It's just a really rudeness issue. Well I guess if it just squirting in the tube, what about if there's something more serious than the tube? And it's got a picture here and the inset it shows a toilet. It says an incinerator toilet is provided the Albe road bridge but it seldom uses because it stays hot for so long after each use. Giving no meaning to the term hot. Right. Hot shot. I thought that was like an insecticide. What we could share you a summer on here. Hot shot. Ryan's pollution control division was notified about the situation you said before after a border in Venice's annual Christmas boat for red called into report that some type of sewage had leaked down from the hatchet creek bridge tenders. I love the way they got this written from the hatchet creek bridge tenders house and it was boat. Some form of sewage. Further investigation revealed that there was a minor leak in the sewage pipe running underneath the bridge but that it was leaking onto the creek's bank. Absolutely correct. When Ryan and others examed other bridges without sewer connections they found some of the unusual hygiene sanitation situations. At the Manasota Beach Road Bridge workers told Ryan how they typically use old coffee cups as makeshift toilets and pour the fill cups out the window when no one is watching. At the Albe road bridge things were even a bit more refined. Fancyened out of the wall of the bridge tenders house. Ryan found a small funnel like fixed you that drain outside the wall of the tenders house onto the pilings and the intercostal waterway below. Also at Albe road there's a slightly more environmentally friendly waste disposal system. It's a self-contained toilet with a building and generator but workers told Ryan that they would use the toilet because if you're made too hot to touch for more than an hour after each use. After talking to the bridge workers Ryan called County officials and charged the draw bridges we asked them to fix it and they readily agreed it's small potatoes but it is prohibited to they'll fix it. Maybe that's what they're doing in their small. Absolutely correct. Our potatoes. Dan Blackwood manager the county's road in bridge operation. The vision said he was shocked by Ryan's descriptions. The county workers asked to remedy to rectify the situation because both combined all hours long breaks, smoke breaks and potty breaks are not part of the bridge tenders job description. Blackwood said the vision part of the county's transportation department is looking in the way to bring adequate toilet facilities to rob bridges located where water and sewer lines don't exist. We're going to try to see if there's a better mouse trap out there he said. I don't know about you but you sound like some stupid idiot. Stupid stupid stupid idiot. Stupid idiot. Just idiot. Just idiot. Just idiot. Just idiot. Just idiot. Thank you. Okay let's do a mobile in Miami hello. New God. Yes sure. What are you doing? Pretty good. Well what can I say about software and the fans down here are all hypocrites. The reason they started putting up panther flags and marlin flags up on their cars is because they finally made the playoff. But about during the season nobody put everything up during the season. Everyone blew like they are now. Right. And then the moment they make it to the playoff and they do something great. Only we love the panthers. We love the panthers. The funny thing is now I just did it. They're kind of like they're kind of like that bridge center situation. They're full of random traps. Exactly. Exactly. And the funny thing is now I see biking flags up for football. Oh yeah. That was the. Oh sorry. When the red wins played down here early in the season we had 2,000 people running around in the macarine with red wing up here. Because they want to stand like a couple years in a row. So all of a sudden we got all these make believe red wing fans. Exactly. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. Let me make a shame. Yes sir. I've heard it a long time. I'm going to make me laugh. I'm going to call the. Uh, by the farm. I'll work on it. All right. They're excited. We have an open line in day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T, 1 of us lunch. We have tested the knowledge of the South Florida sports fans today. And we've discovered that they don't have any. What do we already knew that, didn't we? We know that. Uh. Here's Miami. Hello. You. Hi. I'm a first time caller. I just want to ask you a question. I want you to hang up on me now. I want to know what to say. No, wait. Why are you perceived? Well, as you say that, it indicates to me that I am going to hang up on you. Not necessarily. See, I'm not necessarily. I just want to know what you're saying. Almost guaranteed. Which it is to have a fraction of with the Miami heat. What? What does that mean? My dissatisfaction. I have no interest. That is idiot call today. Little Julio. I'm not interested. Don't care about basketball. It's not a sports show. Kates the knee or why you show. What you know. Okay. My little stick friend. Don't care. No interest. Not interested in seven foot free. Okay. What a nice day. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. That last story about the garbage really stuck. But it was a game last night. Terminal. Absolutely terminal. Very excited about our Pavel Barrae coming in. It's going to really pick up the team or at least make it exciting. But the one thing I disagreed with John was the ice surf. It's a bad ice surf. But Buffalo is playing on the same ice surf. And they seem to score. That's not the point. I'm not saying that we're losing because I'm saying that if you want to have a real game and enjoyable game. And especially when you're building a team that's with all the speed on it, you want to have great ice. That's tremendous. Fact is Buffalo is a much better team than we are right now. I'm not surprised we lost the game. I'm surprised we didn't show up at all. But I'm not surprised we lost the game. But the point is if you want to see a real game, you got to have a quality sheet of ice out there. You can't put that crap out there. And expect people to enjoy what they see. You know that crap. No that's true. But you can see these guys wearing the offensive zones. They weren't taking shots. They were spinning around doing terror wets. Ice angel. That's a different issue. I mean I was talking about that. They were prosthetic. That's right. But as far as the atmosphere inside the new arena. There isn't any. There isn't any. Even in my amniereena was a bit better. I lack better here. And you know what I think it is? It stems from most of the people. If you look around your seats. They're just there. Not as hockey fan. A lot of them just there because it's an event or something. It's losers. Yeah. There's women there. They're talking. People aren't clapping when something's going on. I mean maybe one there. Exactly. I mean so people here only go to the games just as like an event. Maybe that's what they should have named it though. Oh man. Oh man. You all right Neil. Thanks a lot. I have a great day. Well I think we've already decided that it's a social gathering place. Or people just want to get out of the house for a couple hours and somebody gave them a ticket. Or maybe they actually brought some tickets. And it's a good place to get out. Bring the pin and the asshole kid to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of social activity. And leave nice and early. Like I did last night by the way. I'm there light left early. I'm becoming a real soft photo sports fan. Nice going Neil. Thank you. Sunny Isles. Hello. Hello. How are you today? Okay sir. Which is the game last night. Also first time at the new mac arena. Yeah. But three things. Noteworthy that I could find from the game. Coslaw was dribbling the park. I guess it was a basketball. Well maybe he knows the NBA star enough. Again he's you know he's six six he's big enough. There's a beautiful goal of school by a scored by Buffalo. We were in one section one twenty five the pass behind the in front of the net. There was their third goal was very exciting. Yeah he's getting his pass. I forget his score the goal but oh yeah. Yeah. And then one of the couple in the stands he had a Joven asky shirt on. And he had it covered up with a barway with a common barway with a question mark for a number. So that was a little bit of a bit of a five number ten sir number ten. He wore ten and ninety six and Vancouver's going to be wearing a four trying to tell him but he wouldn't less him. Now before the game I think this was an omin of things to come Neil. Driving from selling aisles across the William Lamin College where we went down about sunrise. This is about six o'clock at night. A huge green hair and flying in front of me about fifty yards in front. Maybe a hundred feet above the ground. And it let loose a zero-dactyl-sized armlet. Wow. And I swear I promised you I swear it landed directly on my windshield in my front hood. And I had a nice souvenir. And we took to the game. I washed it off in the morning. Took a photo of it. Of course I had to wipe the windshield so I was there. Hold on. Yeah. Well I should have no shined in the basket. Well I say yeah. I was going to ask you what does that mean. Put the lotion in the motion. The lotion in the basket. Well like they said when the eye had told us a lot of the plane that puts the motion in the casket. Okay we have two open lines in date five six seven five sixty. Compive sixty on the 18th to wireless one. Is that when they said when they let Joe to measure water the hospital. It put the motion in the uh. Come on don't be picking on Joe D. He's an American icon Mr. You don't be picking on people like that you smart ass. Okay. Sorry. We say no who Joe to measure what do they know who Joe to measure is. No. It's eleven fifty five and five sixty WQA and. And I get it right away. Thank you Joe. Thank you Joe to be in charge of your meal on my fish cut rock and like a miracle. I had a no one in list of the no thank you Joe to be in some high. I'm Jesus Christ. You know it ain't easy living in Jerusalem when you look like Peter O. tool and he can't speak a lick of aromatic. That's why here at Joseph and some carpentry shop you'll always receive quality work at miraculous. Right Bob. Sure. So for the finest in custom wood graphing from a bookcase to an arc. Don't settle for any slab who just builds crosses. Try Joseph and son carpentry shop. Our work is guaranteed my hand to God. Come on at five sixty WQA my hand at the Antichrist baby. There you go Jerry fall while says he's going to be a Jew. It doesn't mean anything by the sun and if anybody's going to be a Jew. It's going to be a male. It's going to be a Jew. That's what Jerry fall while said. We have an open line in barret all of day. Look at that. We're back to this to business again. Now they promised me they guarantee us upstairs. Of course they lie a lot. All after the first of the year all this form in a business is going to stop all these long breaks when you lose all your calls. That's going to stop it'll be no spots radio. Yeah right that lasted for what about two and a half days. And now we got spots up the record back to our four minute breaks again and they're back into this dilemma again. The same thing that we had like three four weeks ago. And then just keep running away and avoiding and avoiding and avoiding lying through their teeth, which is what they do the best here. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the palm 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and four lottery. Hello. Hello happy to wish you what ever you say. What do you know the one thing about. I thought it was for him. I thought it was for him. It's so good maybe. I don't know. I'll do I know. I could be the Antichrist for all you know. In terms of. You know this reunites him with the plane right. So right away you know the claim should be planned better. Correct. What is what is what is what is probably a break. I mean, anything with how Kirkman plan is going to play. Well, I mean let's play. He was playing up there with him. What is what happened to the other? They played together during the one. They've been doing the family comes several years ago. So maybe this will give him a little rise in the stance. You know, Jack came up a little bit because what worked on part the last. No, he did not work in the letter one bad goal as now you're absolutely wrong. He's a short guy. He went that one short side in. He should never let me say it again. He didn't want one bad goal and I was there. Well, no way. I wasn't there the first two. I believe it to you. I didn't. I watched the game. But you know, I thought well, I could only tell by what Christine was saying. I'm ready on the first two because I didn't see those. But the third and the fourth goal was not his fault. Now you have the raise another question. Did this guy the worst play by play guy? Yeah, for her. Absolutely. And you don't come think. Just like the newspapers here, he's pitching like a glove. Yeah, what the hell is going on during the game? I can't tell. Yeah. He's jabbing with a mallet. And you know, there's a lot of money. That's that's the name of our pregame show. Jabbin with mallet. Okay, Tom Dundpal. Nobody cares. We have an open line in Broward, all three in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and a mobile one line. But I sure missed a little in Debbie on a mobile after the game. Yes, Scott's worth has got a great sense of humor. Oh, we missed those scat calls after the game. And he was serious. That was the best part. He was serious. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Okay. Did you enjoy your day off yesterday? Yes, I did. Very much. Well, we missed you. Was it the macaroon yesterday? Neil and I got a tie here. The game was pretty pretty pathetic. Yeah. The panthers part. And I do have to agree with him. You know about the ice. The dice is absolutely awful there. And hopefully they'll be able to do something about that maybe for the years up. I don't even hear anybody talking about it. Nobody writes about it. Nobody is talking about it. Nobody says anything about that about the goal lights. It's like I'm saying these things to be a bad guy or to create problems. I'm not imagining these things. You just won't be able to. I just won't be able to. I can see it. Neil, I think you and all the rest of the true hockey fans down here just want things to be the way. They should be. Yeah. To make the game better for the fans and for everyone involved for the players. Everybody terrific about the trade. Glad to see a high-powered high class offense. Maybe coming forward. And I would bet that nobody in this town ever heard of. Well, I don't know. I like I said before. I don't know whether to cry or why my watch to quote my lying. I just don't know what to say. How is this possible? Well, you always this possible. And this is supposed to be the goddamn sports station. Well, you think the guys on the sports radio are bad. I'm telling you, Neil, these guys on sports channel. Denise Poffin and the other pots. They're absolutely horrible. I listened to the game that they called a couple nights ago on television. And absolutely, whithless, boring, terrible. Whithless. Rather good of a game. Well, maybe rumors not getting the freebies. They were back to the problem. And the last time I was at the macarina, was at the bottom of. And then I was at about a week and a half ago, something like that. I'm telling you the food there is awful as well. Okay, well, I'm glad you're having a good time. Okay, thank you. Okay, one call after the board minutes that good old time music. Whatever you got chewed up in there. I'm game for it. I feel like they'd be, and I'm so game for it. Jesus Christ. You know, I really believe that like 1200 miles away. I'm hearing about the burracing. I'm all pite. I'm pissed off and fired up. I'm all excited. And I'm thinking boy, when I get back there, finally. Something exciting happened in that town. And it's like put your head on this side like it doesn't. I did put your head on the table, Ronnie. It's that time, you know. Man. 560, 50560 on the mobile one line. Here's our last call. It's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, near I know. Okay, sir. I use that game when I play the truth. All that I was going was like 10 minutes. It is just going. It doesn't seem. Oh, meaning what? What does that mean? They don't move. They have no rhythm. They play so deep in the net. No one did a score goals on them. Uh-huh. No one did a score goals. So on the words, they're supposed to knock you up any goal. I'm just not saying it's a fault, but they play so deep in the net. So another one you're going to get a shot out for nothing. And when you play a Losarget game, and you have no offense. It was the goalies for all last time. Oh, no, no, no, nothing. What are you saying? I'm saying. You're saying that you know nothing about the game, and we appreciate your honesty. Thank you. Yeah, you're playing too deep in the net, Sean. When it's down, come back out. And if I were you, I'd be hiding in that net too. The way they were playing last night. I'd be way back in there. Hunched down, waiting for the worst. Open line a day to a grower at 560560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a hockey fan. I know this. It was very in the lineup. We won't see another game like last night for a long time. I sure hope not. Just to watch the escape, the guys are taking more of my plan. That's why he doesn't just skate around in certain aspects of the Coslov. He makes moves toward the net fast. Yeah. And he makes it in that usually. So I'm happy. I'm speaking up and there we're going to kick some ass. I'll make the playoffs. Okay. All right. Did he sound confident or what? No. No. I'm not expecting was going to say something about his nipple ring. I thought I had positive views going to say that. We have an open line in day. No. And all these things. That's what he said. All these things. 560 and Tom 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the Gable. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, regarding the ice. It was a big story on the news the other night. That the circus was in town so they had a rip-up of the ice. And they had a big story about the guy who actually sprayed the ice and put the ice back down. Yeah. That could be the reason why the ice is all crappy. Yeah. That's just a well, was bad before. But now it's worse than it was ever before. Yeah. Well, we're starting the guy who just sprayed the ice and thought it was going to be on the spray his ass down because he sucks. That's why they called me. I'm okay. Thank you. The good news. There you go. Two open lines in day five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on the mobile one line. You're complaining too much about these things. Deal. Just go there and have a good time. Just go there and spend all your money on Wayne's food. Okay. Wayne's God. Wayne's safe. Two franchises in one week. What's your claim to famous there? Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey. What? Neil? Yes sir. The only thing that I'm doing. One time listener first time call it. I'm disappointed in you. Disappointed in me. Yeah. What did I do to you sir? You thought you're a great talk show host. Yes. Got the answer to everything. Yeah. You make a lot of sense to me. Uh-huh. And why the hell aren't you running for the president of the United States? Oh, Jesus. Two open lines in day five six seven. Five. Why the sillyest and most pathetic ways to face please stop with your bullcraft. Okay. Your killing us would crap. I'm sitting here. I can't even get a few lines on a board to talk to me. Why aren't you running for the president? Oh, God. If the call weren't that bad, I'd be moist from the heavy suction. Okay? But the call was so bad that it wouldn't arouse me in a billion years. Okay. Jesus. God Almighty. a kind of cognitive here on the light bulb. The light bulb. Or your such a brilliant man, you undertare to so much. Well, welcome you, Lord. Whatting. Hmm. Thank you. What do you look at me with lightwooder finger? How are you supposed to know that? Not that I'm getting exercise. Not that I'm getting upset because right periods of other BS artists, how could one building have so many bull crap artists in it? That's what I would like to know. That comes down. He looks in the face. He tells you all the right things. This guy's going to take care of copy. He's going to get the sales staff all straightened up. We're going to get stuff updated. And then the show was faced today. No. Is the copy like one spot I just had across out because it's like advertising something that ended yesterday. Is that updated? No. The other one that's three months old. Is that been updated? No. Do I see this man? No. Do we care? No. That's the sad part. We just don't care. I'm getting exercise about it. I'm getting worked up about it because I think we're supposed to be here to do what a job for these people. And the people upstairs, these party, I have no idea what they're doing. Is our program directed care about it? No. Does our sales manager screw in? Is she care about it? No. Does Ray Perry seem to care about it? No. Does Greg read care about it? We have an open line in Broward 2 and Day 5, 6705, 60 and Pomp 5, 60 and a mobile one line. Seriously. Screw in when it rape every all these people. Don't even waste your time coming near me. Don't even come here. I don't want to talk to you. Stay the hell away because you're all full of the same big smelly pile of crap. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. They talk and they talk and they talk and they talk and they go again. And when it comes out of doing even the simplest basic things. Which is like I said before, that's why I've said you'd like it gloves. Just like the thing with Eurina, which nothing works in there. Nobody cares. You've got to stop caring. That's the bottom line. Cross the spots out, stop caring. Or just do the spot that says, hey, through Monday, meaning yesterday and expect to climb to pay for it. Which I'm not going to do. But if they care about that upstairs, they don't care. Just do the spot and get the money. Or let's put a couple of spotters on back to back that are so them basically the same product. Do we care about that? No. We're not concerned about client separation. We just want to throw a bunch of stuff on here. Even if we got like some 10 year old kid off the street, which we do it. People like him in that kind of loss that went in there to use the T-Roman and Sheridan Street, which God forbid if they should open that door up. Wow, you think that bridge center had problems. Man, kids that walked in off the street that had to take a quick bump in. Oh, hey, by the way, you want to kind of spot for us while you're in here? We'll give you a couple of tickets to ball game somewhere. Oh, that's great Mr. Words' spot. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello. Hi, I'm a new camper fan, but who is Pablo Perk? I'm not familiar. You're not familiar with what? Pablo Perk. Pablo, what? Pablo, Raymond Raymond Burries did. And you ought to be too. We have an open line of dating to a Broward 560-70560 time. That's what a great attempt to humor that was. One of those that great was pathetic. And by the way, go back to New York. You're still an asshole. Here's an avantura, hello. How are you doing, you know? Okay, sir. I just like to touch up on like how these fans, these pants, the fans, or I can. They don't even know who Pablo Burries is. All right, this guy's like, how could any, listen, let me ask you this, seriously. How could anybody over the age of 10? Go to a hockey game, pay money, or take somebody else's tickets. Go to an, an actual hockey league game and not know who Pablo Burries. How is that possible? Because they don't follow how a kid they just think it's an event like you said. They pay the money to do something, just to have something to do because they have something better to do with a pathetic life. Yeah. You know, I mean, the fans down here amazed me how how people act. You know, every time something happens and I say to myself, this to me is the ultimate. I can't believe that this to me. And then something like today comes along and it just blows me away. I can't believe it. I can't, I cannot force myself to believe this. I mean, how, how can you possibly people act like nothing has happened? You know, we've found probably probably the best player than, and we're going to be in a $10 million a year, okay? There was no other athlete that plays other than those, those, speaks in the NBA. There's no other athlete that plays in his town. It's ever going to run $10 million a year. And these people still don't have any idea who it is. It's amazing, isn't it? But they do like Peter Rwell, just keep that in mind. We have an open line in the day and plays a lot cheaper, two by the way. Open line in date, 560, 750, 560, pound-pied 60 on the mobile one line. I'm not a lecturer, which is maybe more discussed today. The, this reaction, this non-reaction, or rate period. Let's take a poll on that, okay? But, would that's our poll question for the day? Who is most disappointing? The so-called Panther fans are rate period. I think it's like nippentuck neck and neck, nose to nose. You, you, but you're a witness. You saw the man stand down here twice. With a very sincere look on his face, very alleged concern. Oh, yeah, this is wrong. We got to get these things straight. Now we're going to get this copy replaced and Bavit, Bavit, Bavit, Bavit, Bavit. And we have the same situation that drags on and on and God forbid that that bad two facts you'd get on a year and open up a mouth and say something about it. There he goes, making trouble again. Like, like I'm looking for this. You know, like I did, are we chubby here? I pull out whatever is in the folder. Like, like I'm looking for a problem. I am assuming that maybe something is in there that is timely and ought to be on the year that somebody's paying for us to do for them. What a silly notion. How to be dick in the side, dear. And like I said before, if I were Jeff, I wouldn't be running around all over the macaroon and y'all as loud as I could that brook Daniel sucks. Okay. But y'all said that Jeff Highell East was good for comic relief. Huh? You got to admit that. See, I finally got y'all won. He was good for comic relief. He was a panic, not not intentionally. But you just look at him and you'd peen your pants last and oh my God. Look at that trouble. Crap. A's got the cane and he's like his stomach is exploding. I was expecting him to bottle in one day just explode right in the studio. 400 pounds of crap right there in the middle of the studio. So Lisa was in comic relief. One thing about this sale is the permit. It's not funny. No. Oh no. There's nothing funny about the QM sales department Virginia. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Well, I'm out here. Back to harsh reality. I'm out here. A couple buddies and I were over here at the convention center. They're down here from Atlanta. They just can't believe they're out of beach. The tweet all the hot look at women and all the gigas running around. They don't know what's going on. Yeah. But they're having a good time. It's scary out here though. What's this out? Each other. Okay, we have an open line of day one and a grower. 560 and 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Here's homestead. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes. What's going on? I got your solution to the ice problem at the Macharena. Yeah. We were blades, baby. Two open lines and date, 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Pomp and O.B. Hello. There you are. Okay. Listen, first of all, you're wrong at one point. That he's not going to be at the Eden Floor that's going to hurt. And at least south Florida, my amitering 10 million a year. And who's the other ones? No, I said other than the NBA's. Well, I said, okay. You want to open? You want to open? Uh-huh. We have an open line and date one and a grower. If you want to have a conversation, that's fine. That means you talk that I talk. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Let me say it again. Other than the NBA, which is exactly what I said before. He is the only south Florida athlete to be making that kind of money. He would assume that people who claim to be sports fans, especially claim to be hockey fans. What if some idea who he is, where he played, what he's done, what issues sizes, etc. and so on. And what's he at lipstick, could be wearing for the opening game? Here's Pembroke pie and hello. Okay, sir. Now I'm going to try and save the after these last four colors. I know you pretty, you're at irritant, right? No, I'm not. Oh, really? Why should I be irritant? I'm only irritated because our sales department sucks. That's why I'm irritated. Because they're full of cramps. Yeah. Because they don't service their accounts because they rely a lot. Because we got 55 sales managers upstairs and not one of them is doing a goddamn thing that I can see. But anyway, go ahead. Okay. Well, last night, you were the game, right? I was there. Okay. Why were there so many empty seats? I was watching TV and it seemed like a whole lower ball, like one third of the lower ball was empty. I laid in a game. Can you blame anybody for leaving? I came. I left early. I left with ten minutes. Well, I was about like in the beginning of the second period, even a team like it was pretty empty down there. Well, they claimed they had 17,000. I would say it was about, I don't know, 16,000 or less. When they talked about, I read the panoramic. But what does that, what does that have to do with anything? I mean, there was a lot of me that used to know what that was. That just says right there. Why not a few people know who Pablo Burry are. They're all either outside probably getting food, spend an older money, get buying all the food. Oh, hey, I got news for it. At the end of the second period, a lot of people living in bother coming back. It was for nothing at that point and you'd be amazed at how empty that was. The start of the third. It was ghost town. I had to make it pretty easy getting out of the game. Right. That's all we waited another few minutes and just zip right out of there. It was on two minutes. Yeah, that's great. You know, we did have one $10,000 athlete for a while, but we tried to him remember, shuffle. Yeah. Right. So that's why we're never going to have to because we got weight down here. So he's not going to tone it up for you. Well, I did think you're a chef. It was worth $10 million. I think we should, you know, he was worth getting rid of the pan 10 minutes. Oh, you got it down. The only person who can lend to others and sell for it is Neil God. Okay. Thank you. There you go. Just one time. Just a minute. I'm telling you, there is something in the ear here. God, I'm coming back to such a mess in this place. What an amazing change in my life. I love, I'm not joking about this. I love the house this morning feeling better than I have in years. Not months, not weeks in years. I felt great. Now, I'm going to sixth studio with a goddamn sales manager. The sales manager of the week who's full of crap with copy that's older than the Fuslas grandmother. And I'm gagging and choking and puke it over here. It's like day travel all over again. So I shade to the old corporate disease that I OD before we had a threat in the Call Oshia. What would it be a shame if we had to do that here, huh? You know, I mentioned this to you the other day. The George off, I think was up here. When we first came in, you and me and Norm Kim. We came in whatever the hell I was. You're in a half ago. Almost a year and a half. And we got the guided tour of upstairs on the third floor, which at that time was the old Power 96 before the new studio. And the carpeting was filthy. And there were stains on the floor and on the walls. And I'm thinking of myself, what kind of slabs are these people? What kind of a slob is Gregory that he operated a Shlock toilet like this? Yeah, and you're rolling your eyes. And then it goes into the clean then. And then, yeah, right. And then that day I went to pick you up to go out and get the car. Well over in Sheridan Street. And I walked into there for about a minute waiting for George. And I looked around in the Blossomans. He gave me the guided tour. Which thank God I can hold my breath for at least 30 seconds. And I thought to myself, to call this a toilet would be an insult to the plumbing industry. Slabs. That's what we're dealing with here. Slabs, a place that doesn't even spend a money for an exterminator. Once a month, once every six months. The guy, the four of the guy has to show up for one of our listeners from off the street a few days ago. Spiritsing around here with a can too. He spritz in it. Because he felt so sorry for us. They don't even want to spring for bucks for exterminator. This is a sick building baby. It's a sick guy damn building with a bunch of slabs running it up there. And you wonder why we have this kind of a situation. And these people over in Sheridan Street, they're kissing the ground because this is the week they're getting out of there. And they're coming over here. Surprise. Guess what? In fact, you know something maybe they imported. Maybe they brought it in special. Maybe they maybe somehow they sucked up some of the air from the other building. And they brought it in here. You know, what do they call those squeeze things? You know, the piece that those old fashioned squeeze deals with the dust. And maybe they just cut loose a whole bunch of the air from the other building to make those people feel at home. So that any long-term ailments that are recurrent, they won't go away real quick. And then they would understand that was the building. It would be a sick building. And then they'd see their ass. What do they call those big things that they blow with bellows? Very good. Used to play for the Canadians. We have an open line in, uh, Brower, the 560560, Pound 560 on the mobile one line. 1226 here at 2 AM. You did a lot of it. You did a lot of it. You've got to realize your time is poor. It's all made of W2A. So kid, do you want to career in the Navy? What do you think you'd like to do? Oh, I don't know. Maybe do they have a cruise director? Uh, no. Why do you want to join? Oh, I don't know. Something about a cruise flight cell by the mutal form of that. It's definitely a little black tie. And I surely tip on that. That says I'm clean and ready for inspection sir. Do they have a fluke deck? I sure would like to play on that. That's a funny word. Fluke, fluke, fluke, fluke. They serve my ties on this ship. Oh, sailing! Hopefully you find fluke's ever to family got mad dog. Jim, mad at you. Coming up for Hank and two of the afternoon from Shula State Duke. Book Shobby talking baseball. If state were not sure why, the nevertheless he will be the Nathan Tenney's talking other crap and Tenaclock at Kaplan with a gambling show. We have two open lines in Broward, one in date. We discovered a day in two and a half hours. That nobody here knows anything about anything, which at least we're consistent. 567.05.60. 560.05.60. On a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Jupiter, hello. Yeah, these people around here in South Florida, they don't understand how it's close and exciting. That's actually, that we're getting. They never see anything like it. Yeah. And it's going to, I'm so excited for it. And what I got to give the, uh, get to the organization credit for is we didn't have to give anything up for it. I think the reason was there still was a great deal. Yeah, I was going to. They got rid of Ganya's two point three million dollar salary, which they were dying to get rid of him. And they got rid of special ed, but more could you all have gone? I've been reading the Vancouver newspaper all week, they know it was coming down soon. Or somebody was going to get them. And I kept reading that it either, you know, Joe Brown's here, but you know, it's going to need to be needed to buy a kavascha. I was just praying it was needed to buy. I wanted to keep kavascha. And I'm either one head to go. I was just, I just couldn't believe it. Yeah, it was a great idea. I did watch Ganya play that night in Vancouver. He, he, he looked great of course, but you know. Yeah, but again, he wasn't, he was never going to be great here. You know, he could play it. I got a five years and with Terry Murray, he was never going to be a player. No, I understand that I had no problem with getting rid of him, but he didn't look pretty good. I saw the last part of that game he did play. I was watching a panther game. I couldn't stand any longer. I had a lot of something else. If I could have stand it. And the other thing is, I was singing, I got a two and a half year old. And then they had singing in the car that George George, George, or everybody to song. Yeah. And my mother-in-law, they just said the last night. And I got a two and she's, she got the church every day. She's Catholic. I got to pick him up and he's like, she's like, um, what's this George George? She's song. He could sing in the song tour. And she's like 79 years old and she's, oh my god. I'm not sure imagine. I had to explain it a little bit. Yeah. Well, we're all going to bring it anyway. Anyway, so I'm excited to see Pablo Murray hopefully will play against the, um, the Rangers. Rangers. Now I think the Rangers are down. I'm thinking he's going to play them on. And I would think by Thursday he ought to be ready. And that's another thing. I think the Rangers offered a better package than we did. I don't know how they didn't get them. No, they didn't. They didn't offer that package. What you read about is what Vancouver wanted, but they weren't going to give all of that. There's no way. I'm glad they, I mean, the cold players that they didn't get, they were going to give us something that we gave. Well, kiss the ground. All right. That'll be great today. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, on the mobile one line. We're getting these sales things straight now. No. We're getting some new copy. No. Great. Perry, we're just sound in with any advice here. Oh, okay. Just checking it out. I mean, anybody can come down here and look you in the face and give you all the, uh, pseudo sincere bull crap. Oh, yes, you're right about that. We got to do this way. We got to do this way. And then not, not produce anything. Nothing. Zero. Zipady. Do it. Why should we do that? Why should this be necessary? These things should happen like clockwork, like falling out of bed in a morning, like taking up. When the mood strikes you, that that's how easy how simple it should be. And just a basic elementary rudiments of broadcasting, which it's now 13 months that I've been saying, these, these people haven't got a clue. And they're still raken all this money through this machine here. That's the amazing part of it. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you done? Okay. You know, um, a wall back there guy that called, uh, about how unknowledgeable a fans are around here. I'm, I'm one of those fans and I, and I, and I answer a great, you know, I, I'm ashamed to admit it, but I, uh, because hockey is new to South Florida. And obviously, it was the last time you saw a pun freeze around here. You know, it's, it wasn't always been a big sport. And I must confess that about a year and a half ago when they started dismantling the team, I, I kind of do, to lose interest. No, what do you mean when they started dismantling the team? What does that mean? How do they dismantle the team? Well, when they started getting rid of all the players that had gone to the Stanley Cup with the team, you know, and, you know, you kind of got to start hurting about it. I lose side of that and, and I, I know a lot of other fans, a lot of my friends probably thought the same way. Well, that doesn't make them fans because they jumped out of bed by doing, you know, when they had the big playoff room and everyone here, they didn't have the chance to come. I'm sorry, we, we never had a chance to become fans. No, not the team has always been here a couple of years. Yeah, this is a 60 year. Yeah, well, a 60 year. A 60 year. Well, it's, it's true that you say about this guy, you learn. I'm sorry, sorry, say it, say it after me, Bray. Bray. Don't say Bray, only the coaches that the coaches are knit with. Is we really like you say, you like, uh, equivalent of Michael Jordan to the NHL? Yes, I would say so. Wow. You have to fast this the most dynamic, the most prolific, the most unbelievable plays that moved that other, other skaters can only dream of making. He's phenomenal. Yeah, one of the guys in the Sun set off, forget who, which column that there was. He was talking about the guy and I mean, he made him sound like a good player, but he ran away off like five or six guys. There were better than him and he was like squatting the player and he, any squatting, be, a glory. Be, glory like about the sixth player. No. No, I don't agree at all. That's a good one. I'm glad to hear that. And we'll start watching them again. I will start paying more. Not that we got a good player to watch. Okay, thanks. That's the kind of family like, there you go. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the best call I've ever had in a hundred years into it. It's right there. That was the definitive start for the call. Not that we got a good player. I'm going to start watching again. Was that that was all? Sure. I can't begin to tell you how I love you. I just, I'm going to send you a bouquet of roses. We don't tell anybody. I know it's embarrassing. I mean, that was just phenomenal. That's for you. I couldn't have scripted a better call than that. That was just ideal. See, when they broke it up and they started dismantling the team, well, that was the baseball team they dismantled. Okay, maybe thinking about Mickey Mantle for the battle liver. No, they didn't dismantle. They made some bad trade. And then they finally got rid of guys who were like, you know, passed their welcome like Brian Scrootlin and some of those guys, conference zero. But they didn't dismantle the team. The team just was to be honest, but it wasn't that good in the first place. I know that comes to the great shock. The team was not like right in the first place. Think a hot for a couple of months or years ago. And right away, they jumped, oh, we got a great team. We never had a great team. We had a decent team with a bunch of guys that were overachieving. And got real hot for a couple of months on a real role. And they created this you for a history. And then, you know, they started the slack and off again. Last year was bad. This year almost is bad. So now we got somebody exciting. He's going to start watching again. All right, that for a bore guy. Bore a bore you. Bore a selling. I think that's his name. Bore a selling. We have an open line in Broward. 560, 50560, animal mobile one line. Is there any other city in the National hockey league where the able to just got made the deal and gotten Pavelle Bore on their team? Is there any other city in the NHL where the response would be like this? No, no. No. What's the session with hope? It's the reason we find a murder murder murder. The state of California's charge, you know, and you've done a huge thing for 94 times the old. It's all the legal item in the system. It's the murder murder. Excuse me. Excuse me. Let me prove please. And what's up, day? And what's up, hey? I'm assuming, oh, both day. Sure, everybody got the dance. I don't believe I am innocent. Excuse me. I am guilty. I'm guilty. The murder. You're guilty. You're guilty. You're guilty. All right. The murder. It's what's hurting. What's hurting? $18. No way. I'm on the desk, look. Excuse me. I'm a good day. No. I don't think so, baby. I'm a man. You're not getting it. I said I am guilty. Please, keep it serious, babe. I'm not going to pay you some little cover charge. And what's up, day? I am guilty. I'm not a good day. I'm not a good day. I'm a good day, okay? You're guilty. I'm a good day, okay? You're guilty. Why don't you go wrong? You're in a guilty. I'm a good day. You're guilty. I'm a good day. You're guilty. I'm a good day. I'm a good day. I'm a good day. All right. 1244-560-WQM-Happy Tuesday from all your good friends here at QAM, or we are the world's biggest slabs, baby. That's going to be. We're going to have a big billboard campaign. We like it. Sloppy. Fast, quick, and sloppy. That's how we like it here. I'm sure if these people upstairs, if they had to, there could be two pounds of cow crap on the floor up there. I think this role there are pant legs up to their knees. Maybe. And they just kind of like waddle around in all day. Just go about the business. Whatever their business might be. Here's Miami. Hello. You know, are you doing? Okay, sir. I think this is probably the first time that I could actually go to that primary specialist work. I think maybe then, correct. I thought they were getting a few more players involved. Yeah. And. I don't know. I'd just figure, do you? Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line of day 560-560-560-115-660-115. There's another real good reaction from the soft floor to fans. They know their crap, baby. They know their cool stuff. Here's a call from Naples. Hello. Naples. Yes, sir. That's me. Neil, have you read this story on the Sean Roe from the new times? No. About him being hit by a freight train. About him stealing a freight train? About to your joke usually is. No, he was, this is a vape article in the Naples' daily news here. Sean Roe, part of the new times of Robert B. He's nothing party walking along some railroad tracks. Yeah. He's a critical addition. Tom Walsh quotes him saying he was drinking and he seems to be alert. He was drinking and he seemed to be alert. But I'm quitting Walsh from the APJ. I know you, I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. This before he got on the tracks, he was drinking. He left a Fort Lauderdale pub with three other reporters. So he was drinking. Yeah. I know you're critical of the local press there and you've mentioned new times before. Do you know Sean Roe at all? I never heard of Sean in the room. Okay. I heard of Death Roe. You may be there. I heard of Fischer Roe. I've heard of preacher Roe. Hello. Anyway, that's a story in the Saturday paper when you were gone. Yeah. Do I sure missed the good stuff, huh? Well, he's not missing it too much. Did you see that in the Toronto Sun is all? I don't know what I asked him. Your friends are how this guy is doing. He's probably in some bad shape right now. But by the way, the two calls are going on. I guess that should teach all you kids out there. Don't drink and run around the railroad tracks. Got the worst part here. This says here. We have PSA's warning people to do things like that. Don't drink and run on the railroad tracks. Roe of Lauderdale asks. I think the future train comes along every now and then. Roe asks for a nickel and what are the other things? Right, Adria. What are the other's in the group? Hand in a nickel. I like the way that sounds a misploma. I should have could keep you on here for every service. Is there something about the way that sounds on this line? You know what I'm saying? Maybe it's the Naples of the Roma. That's probably the problem. Could you give me a number of please over here? A total free number. Oh yeah. Please. Have a great day, bye. He's got a good time. He shows stuff. Yeah, so yeah. What can we do for a new? What can we do for that show? You know, he's done such a great job. Or locally, do for it. Well, how about a phone line for the West Coast? Oh, geez. That cost money. Well, how about getting the spots in there? Oh, well, we got a whole change over in the sales department again. Yeah, but probably have a new sales manager like next to my, by one day this week. We'll have another one. We have an open line in date, 567560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Margie. Hello. Yes, sir. You had four broken ribs, a fractured skull, a collapsed lung, a dislocated shoulder, an empowered and grabble jammed in under his scalp. You need to go with a try to be a two-two, right? The reporter who was celebrating. Huh. And he's going to be fine. Well, there you go. You believe that? Well, he's probably going to be a no-paying. He takes complete blame for it. He's not going to sue the railroad. Well, is it that damn white of me? That's right. He was so drunk. Anyway, I wanted to tell you George, did a fabulous job yesterday. Excellent. Thank God. Thank you. Thank you. And you're welcome. Okay. We have an open line of date, one at Broward 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one. I thought you said you had a mediocre show yesterday. What you told me. I felt a little scatterbrain. It was like all over the road. Yeah. Why if you would have talked about that pop-out borey stuff? That's the hot stuff in town. Don't you understand? No. Here's a mobile in the P-Rine. Hey, Neil. How you doing? I'm doing good. I just wanted to call and thank you. I just got back from Las Vegas to your advice. Did it be MGM grand? Yeah. At a grand time. Now were you out there with the fight was going on Saturday? We left Friday night. We couldn't stay for the fight. But we would have for all the hoop-worn, all the media. All the big issues. We saw the oldest draft Dodger in the world. Mom and I leave. And Bobby Chazik in a couple of the other fighters from the ground. We had a great time. We didn't get to the road with Greg, but we did need it to stratosphere up at the top of the stratosphere. What a great view of the entire city. Uh-huh. And as you said, the MGM grand has fantastic service. It's a beautiful hotel. It's rather large, real large, I mean. Yeah. I'm kind of wondering though. There are more light bulbs on the strip lower, slot machine. Both. But what a great town. We're really large people walking around just having a good old time in. And I said the machines dropped a couple of the class tables to the craft and we had a great time. Excellent. Congratulations, sir. Let me know next time you go and I'd love to go with you. Okay. Alright. No chance. We have an open line at Broward. 5605050. Let's do one of those group trips to Vegas. I come on everybody. No. Now, come on. No. Get Bob Lincoln on the phone. No. Well, by the way, speaking of Bob Lincoln, I have to fight out about American, what the hell? No. Error transit. There are all these little airlines, these, what the hell are they called? They're non-conventional airlines. Like Error transit. And Canada 3000. They're quite a Toronto. Yeah. And like real times when you might want to go also from Fort Loderville. But you just can't find out about them for whatever reason. But a good old Bob Lincoln had the stuff on it. Come on, Bob. America, Error transit. Fascinate all the crappy got worth that. Here's my new B. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, these people with the pop out bureau. I don't know what. Boring. Boring. Boring. Sorry. I've always made that mistake with him, but I know very well he is. He won number 10. He almost beat the arrangements. You know, the remaining were up. What number do you were the last two years? Twenty six. Yeah, good. I don't know why he switched 96 and he obviously got that kind of work. You're pleased to know he's going back to 10. Yeah, but I'll tell you what the people in South Florida can't account as high as 96. He's a good looking guy. Yes. Listen, okay pop out. Okay. I don't really really. But he was so angry. I mean, are those three you think pop out the best? What was the second one? Alexander McGillney. Oh, he's not as good as Boring. You couldn't me? Well, Alexander McGillney. Ever since he left the Sabres, I haven't felt him. But he's a good player. He's a star, but he's not a superstar. Yeah. A few superstars. Eric Lindros. Yarmor Yager. Paul Carilla. Teamus Solani. And uh... Hi, Fred Donald, maybe? No. You're not well-breed. Okay, and also super, super, super, super star. I listen, I love this guy. I think he can play. You know what I think he's perfect because with all this traffic. Let's just hope that Terry Murray doesn't uh, P.N. P.N. is parade somehow. Yeah. Also, listen, I know you like uh... Because I know that when Terry Murray was in Philadelphia last year, Eric Lindros hated him like poison. And that's one of the main reason. And the whole team hated him like poison, which is why they blew his ass out of there. Exactly. Which is why I noticed another shot for the bees are last night. I was just thinking, and passing since we're hockey intensive on his golf. Anyway, go ahead. Okay, and listen, um... I got two things to talk about before I could, you know, try to close the call. Also the self-sap, but I ran into the movie last night that's called homegrown. I know you don't smoke weed, but obviously it's about weed. It's got Billy Bob Gordon, John Lisk out, Jamie Lee Curtis, Ted Danson, John Bond, Jovi. Yeah. And by the way, also, I haven't delivery coming to my door, which is always nice. And listen, and closing, yourself staff, they suck. They can pay me 50,000 bucks a year. They are coming there for two hours a day. I'll sit down and look over the thing. And I'm done. You need to have a consultant. You can put some people that ask us on the line. Any other business, I mean, some of these are walking here at five to five people. How could they not get it straight? All right. Now I can be all right. Okay. See, there you go. This guy, he didn't even know what it's all about. And he's got it down to the sign. I mean, how difficult is it? Especially, he saw the shows on this stage, and especially this one, by the way. How difficult should that be? Piece of cake. Of course, anybody can sell, but, you know, servicing and getting it right. That's another story. Anybody can pretend that they're going to put a car on here. Like, fantastic man. Oh, yeah, Neil, be there. To a clock. You'll be not going on your door, right? Like, spankboy over there. Like, clear channel. Jeff Heyers, when did you run around telling everybody who listened that bookstand was so close? Did you ever even know that? We already know where she'll go. With an after-wax, he may have built up. Okay. Now, well, she knew that to get rid of the facial hair or what? With that fall-awak. You know, that was a joke. Oh, wasn't a joke. Here's sunrise, hello? Well, yes, sir. You know, three things. Yes. First of all, he talked about the ambiance, so what goes on to you, Rena? I went to the circus, and for previous season, he's called the, I was on the show of Florian. Right? And out there, people appreciate the pudding. They just sat there. Yeah. The thing they like a hockey game, up and down and this and that, and talking around and talking to the endings, Second of all, if you watch a pantheon game with TV, all they want to do is show shots of women with dick moves walking up and down the aisle. Yeah. They're supposed to, they start doing at the attendance with drop and half. Yeah. Third of all, today Michael Rousseau writes, he was a huge commitment by only each way in high-singer and proof that he, at that deep, has grown, his managers will really take the tickets the next level. If that was the truth, why is B's or a flyer? Yeah, because he didn't want to pay him the money. Oh, he's got a big, no, it's a big, it's a big credit. It is a bit critically. I backed into a corner, he's got a horse ball team that's going nowhere. It wasn't going to make the playoffs. And all of a sudden now he's become, you know, he's, he's desperate about his public relations and his image. So now all of a sudden he's kind of loose a few bucks. But in the meantime, they're getting rid of Ganye's salary. They're going to get rid of our bucks. He's not going to spend that much more money in the first place. He's falling into the street I would have a great day. Well, I'll tell you, even an asshole. That's right. We took a poll here last week and I'm not going to kiss his ass or picture of his pimple ass, okay? And he can, he, all these headlines, all these asshole sports writer, He's going to say second franchise in a week. He saved the franchise. Like we were right on the verge of losing the teams until he got Jimmy to sign that, you know, this stick around until he signed Pop L break, which I'm grabbed, the light, a nice corner of Bm, great deal. But does that make me think Wayne is a great guy? No. Still a piece of crap. And the proof of the pudding is the conditions in that arena, all these things, all these things. That's right. How come we don't have that, by the way? Because the woman's screaming over it. That's all right. That wasn't even better. All these things. Maybe Wayne needs a tummy tuck. Maybe somebody's been tugging on his nibble ring too hard. I don't know what his problem is. He just the hard ass. All of these things. That all, very good. Excellent. What's wrong with that? Nothing, I guess. Sounds clear as a whistle to me. We have an open line of day one in Broward, 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Had a little bit of a relapse there, this morning seems to have gone away. Thank God. I think it's my QAM allergy back in a building. Or maybe it's my soft floor to allergy. That could be it. Or maybe it's my rate peri allergy. And I haven't even seen him this morning. Or in a hell of a long time, by the way. Oh yeah, every Tuesday morning on the clock right in early. He's going to be down here. But we're going to talk. We're going to, yeah. Huh? Hey, listen, I wouldn't show my face either if I got the results that you got, Mr. You know, you can hide behind the beard only so long. But Neil Roger show. Now, on 560, WQAF, my amni Fort Lauderdale. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. This is Kevin. Well, hi, Javi. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And there was wondering if it's some tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation has many less severe face care. All of these things. Mm-hmm. There's wondering. Well, you like to start with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you be blessed in plants though? I can't be done. I mean, I don't know. It would be right away. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. So how much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet, mommy. Accidity? Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liprosuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Did you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I've gone looking actually. We can tell you that one we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Well, would you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Baparlow Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I promise you. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Do you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in the molecularization. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello? 103 at 560 WCM. Mad Dog Madden should be long for Hank from 2 to 6 this afternoon. Bo, uh, Bo, what's his name? We'll be here at 6 o'clock. Oh, God. Bo, deadly. Oh, seriously. How come he's going to be talking baseball again? The booster. Kiritom. He's talking baseball six eight. What is that all? They crazy. Is that what it is? And then we got Eddie capital in the gambling show at 10. I'm serious. There is something in your office. In my throat now, there's like a thing in his room. Do you have a light saw? Yes. Yes. Seriously. This place needs to be decad decontaminated. Here's a lady in the gable. Hello. Leading the gables. Click. Well, Bo, and after you ask me, right? Open line in date one in Broward. 560, 505, 60 on the AT&T and Wavisline. Thank you so much for your brilliant contribution to our show today. Leading the gables. Here's the rail. Hello. Well, that'll be a hard act to follow. Right. It was going on. Let's now on the call. You. Thank you for the other day. I think yesterday before you talked about Dave's game. And you don't have for completion for God about him. Yeah. And you brought him up and you played that little. I want to forget about. Oh, man. That's terrible. But whatever did happen to him. I haven't got any idea. He was here and then he wasn't. But I think, especially with everybody with their big 52 and 53 in screens. You know what? You know what? You put in perfect. You was a short man too. Yeah. He was probably like about 5657. No. Yeah. He. I mean, I don't know. Dave's game was not 5656 or 5657. He was a short. Yes. He wasn't. I saw him in person. I think he was about 5-3. He was a big guy. He was no Jeff. I'll get you that. And far yesterday, George didn't excellent job. Great. I hope you continue this. That's true. We're here in broadcast. Because he'll be doing. Yeah. We'll make some of this play. So go far. Working for this out. But they're question about it. Absolutely. But for making me laugh and you have a nice day. I'm back to you. We have an open line of day one in Broward. 5657. Seriously, I can feel them mong in this room. I know what it is. It's that guy damn cigar. You're smoking. I can't but I'm all shut in here. I don't have any open vents in here. It takes for anything like that. Yeah. So how come I'm gagging and puke in here? I felt great when I came to this one. And I'm choking. I can feel it like any other joy. Every time you open your mouth, you can feel something like. Scored Scored in there. And it's not that. Seriously. There's a fungus in his goddamn studio. You maniacs. Oh, they don't care. They're up there's waddling in the crap up to their head. They're hips. They don't care. They got their hip boots on. There's a mobile in Gluten Beach. Hello. Yeah. Are you doing the old? Okay sir. Yeah. I want to say the way it is. The show sucked yesterday. Who is pouring? Yeah. I don't know. I'm just going to be a little bit more dramatic. Clonic than how come you listen the whole thing and how come you're calling it again here today sir. Okay. The show with us your misery. You just pickable subhuman piece of turd. They wouldn't even let you into the punch ball. Okay. Much less waste their time flushing you away. Go. Hocker. Chinacle with a bridge then. Okay. Maybe you can flush his problems away. Open line of day one. So as I see point in beach on there. Every single time. I know what's that piece of crap. You can smell it. You can feel it. You can hear it. Walking, living, turd on legs. Here's a mobile in memory lake. Hello. I think he'll hope he's back and do better than that one. Yeah. Well he's a least consistent. I tell you talking about the trade. When I was listening to the trade. I got to trade my head. Excuse me. What trade is that? The trade with the hockey. Oh, there was a hockey trade. The most I got excited is when there was no more alley. Yeah. That was a big salary. I couldn't believe it. Because I don't know much about the jury. But when I got on my way. Burray. Burray. Burray. Burray. Not Burray. Burray. Burray. Burray. Not Burray. Burray. You're something like Terry Murray. Now you don't want to do that. Well, I don't want to do that. But I just saw a little bit of film on him. Which I didn't know much about. And he looks like dynamite. He is. And in fact, in Eddie's song, I couldn't believe the whole thing went down like that. Even if we didn't get anything in return, Eddie being blown up, that should make people happy. I was afraid Burray would have to live with Eddie for the rest of our lives. And don't you remember this is the same general manager who said that we would never trade Eddie is going to be a superstar initially. He's a superstar. He would turn my stomach when I see him on the ice. Anyway, I want to thank you for being honest on the radio and telling everybody how it is. Because they don't want to hear it. And that's diet is whole as you. And you can run for president to get a platform. We'll be a little bit of D and see. But is it, do you know harm, right? Have a great day, pal. Right. We have an open line in Broward. 5.6. 705. 50. 50. On the AT&T Wireless line. On a Tuesday that will live in infamy. I'm going to go home. I'm going to sit there. I'm not going to mommy's today because she already left me some food at the house. I'm going to sit there. I'm going to bury myself in the middle of a cheeseburger. I'm going to take a big piece of onion and just sit there and suck on it all day. I'm just going to take a big raw onion and suck on it all day. I'm serious. Because I'm so I'm just in disbelief at the shallowness of this community. And I'll confess. I'll be the first one to admit how slow I am. I'm a slow learner. And it's a good thing that I am a slow learner because if I were quick learner, I'd have been out of here a hell of a long time ago. So those people would enjoy the show. You only reason I'm still here is because I'm so glad they have slow. I'm dumb and I'm slow and fat and I'm old. And thank God for that. Because boy is this a bizarre. How many times have I said right in the beginning of the year about that macarina? And all those people in there that haven't got any interest to any idea what's going on. And you all I can say is. I'm still a little bit correct. And now I'm surprised that I was right. I'm surprised to the extent that I was right. Just automatically you would assume if somebody's going to make the trip. Take the effort to get in their car and waste the gas money and pay for the parking and pay for the ticket or somebody else paid for it ticket. You think that there'd be some interest, some knowledge, some something is to what's going on. Wherever they're going. No. To a game. No. To a movie. To a... No. Something. No. To a radio station. To a cell spot. No. No. No. Come out of the chapter one. How's Ray Perry doing by the way? Anybody seen him doing this? No. And you're God. I've brought the Q to war of fright. You're like a hungry from the other fright. I've split his anes. To find anything. I plan in who I can and in these wings. What's your problem, Kenny? Stop. Don't you think you've gone too far? Everybody, thank you, Carl. My Joseph McCarthy. Did you know that your McCarthy was gay? The kind of like it can't accept he never paid. He kept right home. Most by his eyes. Until he got fired with broken die. What's your problem, Kenny? Stop. If you've had it, we're close. Who? He would want to change you off. Like Joseph McCarthy. Henry, please, please, please. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Coming soon to a theater near you. Recipirée is Superman. Superman five. Help! Superman, Superman plant to me. Oh, the drowning. Hey, here comes Superman. Here he comes. He's going to wheelchair. Over there. No! I caught my light. I caught yours right there. Looks like he's in here. I caught him. Who? Monster red serpent. Oh, 2 mid? Oh, dude. Yeah. Had I taught you Super Gum? Can I do you幾 개. Oh, EKOL. None. Oh, Kor. Oh no, I didn't want to. Get on top of the road! Oh! Oh! Our deep evil thoughts are widely visited out of way to defeat Superman. Oh, we've split up tonight. No, steps! Ha ha ha ha ha ha! To remain by the search for a bigger doorway, rolling into a theater near you. At the risk of starting incentive, okay, the reason I'm playing it right now is the... The president's defense in front of the Senate has begun just a matter of moments ago, and one of his attorneys, course he's got that David Kinnelette's queen, but he's got Charles Ruff. Now, I don't want to start incentive about people who are handicapped, people in the wheelchair, etc. But, but we have known for a long time, the president's choice of legal counsel, him being a attorney and his wife being a lawyer, not always the best. I'm telling you, there is a disease in this room that is so unbelievable, that I may not survive till 2 o'clock. I think they're given us the old poison, the gas of the X-May. But anyway, Charles Ruff is sitting there in his wheelchair. He's only even speaking for a couple of amenities. Already, the Lavalier Mike keeps falling off his lapel, and a guy has to keep coming over and pitting it back on him again. And he's sitting there holding a pen in his hand, not out of the microphone now. Or is that what he's holding instead of letting it fall off his shoulder? He's shaking it. And his hand looks like Bob Doll on a bad day. He's got it in his hand, and he's shaking it, and the Lavalier Mike too. During the immunity from state prosecutors. Oh, get it. I mean, man, if I were Bubba, I wouldn't even show up tonight. You know, I just stiffened. Little Malsas sitting in there. Where is he? Where is he? He's not showing. He's not getting drunk. He saw the Charles Ruff today. Oh, my God. This is, this is, I'm stopping to think about this. This is the president of the United States. The first president since Andrew Johnson only the second in history. That to go through an impeachment trial in the Senate. And for his defense after three days of talking louder and louder with the same bullcraft repeating the same horsemen or over and over again with those Republicans, they can develop from the House Bullcraft Committee on and on and on. And now we start to defense with a guy in a wheelchair who keeps dropping the mic on a floor. Oh! Well, we always like to alcohol on me, but he's okay. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing new, hey, the longtime listener. I love your show, but there has been one competent collar today. What's wrong with these people? They're talking about, okay, we have an open line in date, five to six, seven, five, sixty and five, sixty on the AT&T while it was long. I got to tell you, no more specs, okay? We don't want those specs out of the show because they can't they have nothing to say. We have no, we don't have one hole in the stomach, contributes anything of the show. We've got about a half dozen jackasses, and that's their repertoire. That's all they got. Because that's what they got on their mind. What he just said. Here's home to say it, hello. Yeah, they always have bill and home to say. Yes, sir. Going to get back, sir, yeah. I guess Bubba's going for the sympathy boat. That's what the wheel chair. Why is your hope at work? Because this is pathetic. He's pulling out all the tricks. Anyway, I'm calling about the burry train. You know, we've been waiting two weeks or more for this thing to go through. I mean, there's an rumors around for quite a while. Yeah. I want to came through Sunday night. We were just the static. But I got to tell you, I'm a little concerned about this team right now. I'm not sure if you're going to be there. I mean, let's look at this. Going back a few months with Spayla getting a little weird out there. And then Coslaw got that shoulder injury. He hasn't been right since. And I don't know if you noticed in the game. But he hasn't been right since. He doesn't do anything. All he doesn't get around. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. They use this right. You're making excuses. This is a very ordinary mediocre team without pop. What I'm not going to do is to pop without this trade. This is a non playoff, very or mediocre team. And how they actually have managed to get it at 41 points is a mystery to me. I even I can't figure that out. Well, John Burke would have been standing on his head. Last five or six weeks. They would be like 20 points out of a playoff spot. Yeah, about the point I'm getting to. What is it? I think there's something behind all this. And I think it goes right to the coach. I think these guys are so screwed up in the head. They don't know what they're doing. Yeah. You noticed last night. You look at and part of the net. Billi Lindsey stand in their flatwood just watching the guys pass the puck back and forth. Right. I mean, what was that all about these guys? I think there's part of the time. I've got their spectators. I have no idea what they're doing. I said, I did. I did. I did. I did. They should. They would play for Terry Murray. And I still don't think they'll play for. I don't need to play. I don't need to play. I don't need to play. He has alienated. Most of the guys on the team. He sits guy at the guy show the five minutes of the practice. He deals with these guys like he's dealing with a bunch of kindergarten kids. And you can't do that. No, you can't. And now there's brewery. He's supposed to be signed at the end of the year. He'll sit him down once and that'll be the end of that. He's going to sit him down. You watch. Billi trust me. You'll have to step over my fat body to sit down. Probably'll bury. Get out of here. Two open lines in day five six seven. Five six. Six to get pound five six to the only 18. And he wireless line. Here's pepper. Come on. I knew. Yes sir. Okay. Listen, what are you going to go back to the whole format of your show and just have a new Roger show today. It's been all hockey hockey trades. What's going on with you? Meaning what? What would you like to talk about? Anything plantation policy. What about what about plant? I know. I'm just saying whatever you want to buy a mobile. That's here. What you got? No. I don't have anything. Okay. Thank you. We have an open line in Broward. Two and day five six seven. Five six. Five five six. The reason I'm talking about it's the biggest story to happen here in years since the Since this room got contaminated. It's got to be that cigar. It's all the year from your room come to my room. Let me see it again. I'm gagging and choking literally. I'm in the morning before I lit it up. Like I said, it's not to cigar. It's from next. Couldn't be that cigar. It must be this room. I'm going to have to do the show out in the hallway. I think. This is it's impossible in here. It is unreadable. I'm gagging and choking as I'm sitting here in this chair. God. Five six seven. Five sixty. Somebody call OSHA right away. Okay. We got a sick building. Five six seven. Five sixty. Pomp five sixty on the 18 to we got bugs. We got a crap in the vents. It's a toilet in here. And these people are like you're playing the invisible game. Well, our busy negotiating with Hurricane. Yeah. Right. They're always busy with something except taking to our business. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay, sir. Maybe you've got a lot of better cars. Okay. Listen. First common. Electomic is concerning yesterday's show. I think was excellent show. They really did a good job yesterday. What's on my first parking game on Saturday? Yeah. I've never seen how to before my life. One of these people. I'm here. I didn't see that game. But based on what I hear, you still haven't. Yeah. I think it's a good idea. But I mean, I was introduced to hockey on Saturday for the first time. Before the game even started, these guys are trying to plug up holes in the hockey on the ice itself. And we were like, that's done. That's somebody, you know, before you even hockey game even starts. These guys are having problems with the ice. You're a winner. And I was just amazed on that. And I figured. Worst ice in the history of professional hockey. I don't care from the forewain. Comments to the Montreal Canadians and everybody in between. The worst ice service in history and there's nobody writing about it. And there's nobody talking about it. There's nobody doing anything about it. Any more than doing anything about the goal ice getting fixed. And like I said before, just like this place, they just don't care. They don't care. And this is great to bring in a superstar player. It's the first one we've ever had. Pavel, Marie and Pam, they didn't in then 10 million. Whatever they're going to pay. That's great. That's a wonderful grandstand move. And that's fine. But in the meantime, as far as taking care of business is concerned out there. And putting on a kind of show for the public, that the people deserve. Where do you how is it? That's what a lot of people would like to know. Well, like I said, that's all like a 10 of us would like to know. Those of us who understand what's going on. Two open lines in date, five six seven, five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Why the slime? I'm talking to there is something in this room that is so gross test. And so I think can a handleblender had something to do with it. Seriously? I can feel it like in my eyes and like in my throat. And like, like, I'm allergic to this room. I'm going to have to take a microphone sitting in my car. I'm going to have to do a show in the back of my car vet is what it's going to be. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neo.com. Yes, sir. Are you done? Okay. Did you hear them? Yes, you are. What's going on with the fans over there in the Mark Marina? They don't scream. They don't do anything, huh? Meaning what? I mean, the fans are going to go. They used to play over here in Miami arena. He was totally different. Yeah. I mean, I never go, but I watch it on TV and the fans over here. They were more excited over there. These people are in a sophisticated way. I don't know. Help me out. You go there a lot. And to get club you moron. We have an open line of day one in Broward. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. She would have been about to rule the old carers. When we do get one like this guy, all he does is repeat like a parrot. Back to me. I don't know what he just got to you saying. See, that's not a talk show. Just repeating back what I just got to you saying a minute ago. Again, the talk show is when he gave me your opinion. Based on something that you might know about. But since you don't go there, what do you know about? Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Anya, I am a question about Terry Merey. Who the coach? Yeah. Well, here's the thing. I've been listening to you. Well, he's a bit like a lion's beard. That's not fair. There you go. But how do you do with me? You meet these people. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a good guy. He's the same with the McLean. Then you hate them. You rip him on the ear. He was a nice guy. Being a nice guy does me as a good coach. I agree. I was. But I mean, how do you face these people after this? Like what you do with Goldie? What you do with everybody? Meaning what? I don't know. I just couldn't rip somebody constantly like that and then go to work and see him that same day. Before the scene started, I was up there. There was Brian Murray. Anya, who he's joking around where's my no-BM button? I don't know that. No, it's not. Listen, one thing about me, I'll say the same thing you're faced and I'll say on the ear or behind your back. I'm not too faced. I'll say it right to your face and bother me. No, I agree with you. Most people can't do it. I couldn't. Well, when you're in the training man, and I'm keeping on with me. Okay. You got it. We have an open line in Broward 560-705-60 pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I'm in Terry Marine Press. Me, but how much, you know, about somebody sitting at 15 minutes? That doesn't mean that I said he seemed like a really nice guy. I was impressed. I met him again inside in his office in the arena. Another 10 minute conversation. Seems like a real reasonable guy. That doesn't mean he's a good guy. That doesn't mean nobody's doing. And I see his relationships with the guys on the team and benching this one and benching that one and this one two minutes late for practice. It's like a kindergarten. It's all he's dealing with a bunch of adults. But anyway, you judge for yourself. Look at the results. Wow, a lot of like pop little boys. This is a wonderful choice. Had a major win for it. Looks like a Michigan way. It really matters to work. These winning lots of ready and safe eggs. And the cousin, too, wins the battle. We're in our hearts with no opportunity. Just getting my score to stop. For the rainbow. We can fit in that car. We're fighting as a march. The friends she said, J-bar. The pair. The pair. So we can win one of the signals. We're left by an Audi 26th Triple. We can race the way. I found the boy in game. Go on ahead and get in. Go on ahead and get in. Go on ahead and get in. Well, yeah. You know the race track, lefty can't remove their eyes. Has the biggest band club, and it sucks to just like our Hoover. This band doesn't go for a guy and somebody's head. It's been very lightened at home. It's racing out there, all this adventure. This is a good happy, very rare one. It's been won't be simple. When we find out these ancient miracles, one is raceaway. I can't afford it. Yay! Jordan and me. Where is Jordan and me? You're such a rare one! It works for the most in the world. We're here to ask, even good now. Yay! What are these three five six UW-Cluencer Charles laughing so frequently and they're so cute. I think the guy was right. He's looking for the sympathy for me. This is the best attorney. People are going to call legal experts. You don't understand. Charles Ruff is one of the great legal minds. How about if he would have done like the screen somewhere? Seriously, when they saw him literally talking his head, like just from the neck up, he took it to the beginning. But just from the neck up would be okay. We have an open line of days five six seven five sixty-five sixty on the AT&T line. From allergy central. I'm serious. I'm allergic to this studio. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Pablo Burrie being as good as he is. And the team will be in for a little in the plan like such crap lately. Do you think you can have a big impact on the team in the short term? I have not any idea. I mean, do you think the coaching is going to help? Not help at heart. I mean, you've got a kindergarten teacher in the coach and the rest of the team's plan. Like it. Yeah. How is that going to help? I just put it to you this way. He played for Vancouver last year. They didn't make the playoffs. And other than that one big year when they went to the finals against the Rangers, he certainly weren't a dominating team. He's fifty gold doesn't even squat if you're not in the playoffs. Right. And then don't forget on Vancouver last year he was playing with Mark Messier and Alexander McGillney. So it's great that we're getting him and he is a superstar. But you got to have a supporting cast. Right. I mean, it seems like we're playing out. We've got to be for it. It's not like basketball or one guy like Michael Jordan, Conquerior Holteen. hockey doesn't work that way. It's a real two team sport. Right. And I mean, proof of that, it's when we went to the Stanley Cup. We probably had less talent than we have now. We'll have we probably. But they went all the way because they worked better. Yeah. So thank God. Okay. Yeah, I wouldn't get too carried away. But at least it'll be. There'll be some excitement out there. There'll be something besides this coma that we were treated to last night. We're going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a question. It's a debate that I've been knocking with over a study for a last couple of days. I hope that maybe you were going to help me out. I understand that in the Old Testament, out of the need for where the first creations of Christ. The first organizations of Christ. Oh, God. Of what does name, yeah. Yeah. You should. And this siblings were capable. Okay. It's boring. Sir. It's boring. Okay. They had sisters that was incest and that's out of control. God. Oh Jesus. God. Help us. Please. That must have been the anti-Christ. They don't God. Two open lines in day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. Wireless line. You're born made of death. Okay. You're probably born made of death. With these stupid idiotic questions about your stupid idiotic superstitions and bullcraft religions. Okay. It's a pile of crap. It's idiotic. It's like all these people are getting all excited about the millennium. And at the end of the century, I hate to break the news to you, but except in computers where it happens to be in a mechanical situation. Other than the computers, it doesn't make any difference because it's all man made man invented the calendar. The Jewish calendar are calendar. Everybody else is calendar. The Greek calendar where they used to be. Exactly. It's just an artificial determination a de-archation of time invented by man. So no matter what the change of the year is, it doesn't make a good God damn difference. Ah, how can you say that? It's the millennium. It's Armageddon. Okay. Great. You stuck up all the toilet paper. I'll stick to the canvas. Two open lines in day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. Wireless line. If I can get, if I can get your home as witnesses to eat kishki in Toronto. And again, I got sparks just talking, you should in Miami. I got your hope as witnesses old vagillates eating kishki in Toronto. I must be doing something right. Even if I can't breathe, I'm choking in this room. God, that was the mistake I made coming back to this studio. Here's Miami. Hello. Do you think Michael Jordan will play for the, we have two open lines in day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hey, Miramar. How are you doing, man? Okay, sir. Hey, I've been watching Mark and TV for like three years now. And I haven't, I've only missed like twenty games during those three years. I mean, I really like it. And I finally went to my first game on Saturday. Yeah. Right. And I was wondering, since you've been like hockey games all over, do they play by play in other arenas or is this the only place that doesn't have play by play or. What should deal with that play in the arena while the game is going on? Yeah. No. Because I kind of missed that one, you know, from TV or whatever. And you know, I know how you like lost Vegas. You ever seen Fern Losing lost Vegas? No. Oh, she, man. It's a trip. Thanks, man. Take it easy. Open line of day one at Broward five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Charles Rock, he's still shaking it by the way. I'm sure that most people are sitting there glued to their sets watching that. Watching it. Wow. I mean, you know, I feel for the guy to guys disable these in the wheelchair. And he's promptly and he's sitting with his shoulders. He, it's a, it's a grotesque sight. And I don't know if I had the audio up if I'd be able to like concentrate on what he was really saying as opposed to looking him. And the fact that it looks like he's about ready to crumble at any given moment. No, man. Let's go with your gone from a spoko. One thing to fix, man. This is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this is like this, this this, this, this, this, kar 57s, this, this, this, this, this, this, it is this, this is like this, this, this is this, this thing is similar, this is the, this is like this, this is like this, this's all created on this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this is like this, this, this, this is it, this, this one this, this, yes, this is out of here, this is another pretty deep, this, this, this, this one, this, this, this is actually the, this, this, this this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this is this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this... Here, this, this is our pan with someなく. The best one was a yellow hat Look at her hair A few minutes ago But it's things on everyone Oh dear I'm scared of my chance Yeah We only believe coming over near We only believe we're in my ass But must we something there I say I'm alive A bird's in your ear I need you south I'll feel fear You're here again near my ear What is this? This is this? This is this? This is this? What is this? This is this? This is this? This is this? Who is this man? Say, he's run Well, if you'll never mess up That I can never have my evidence Where does this get? It's not that bad What is this? This is this? This is this? This is this? This is this? This is this? This is this? This is this? 1,45,56, we have an open line of date 5, 6, 7,05, 60, 5,56, on the AT&T line we got Jim Edits for Hank coming up at 2, which we will stake to. The Booster talking baseball six day talking stuff eight to ten. Edits in the captain talking a general gambling crap that a clock can I. What I'm telling you, this room is a dessert. I want everybody to go out and shout it on their rooftops. The studio is sick that is these is loose. This building needs to be nooked. This building and the one of our insurance companies, the two of them, they both need to be nooked. Here's a mobile and cross spring, tell us. Oh, I've been holding it in the phone too. Yeah. I don't know what you thought about the title of life. What did I think about it? Yeah, I think I would watch it. I was wondering if you watched it. Why would I watch it? No, I was curious. If you watched the fight and watch how the title is going to break the guys on. Yeah, I read about it. Okay, I'll just, I always curious. What do you do you have a disease in your building there? Yeah, we have a sick building. You need to clean your ducts out. Yeah. The, uh, the fuzzy guy your ducts. Well, maybe our ducts have fuzzy. Wectomes, that might be it. Okay. Yeah, what do I think of the Tyson fight? Actually, we're talking about, isn't it? And we're talking about that crap? No. Open line of day one at Broward, 567560, 560, Pomp 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here is, you know, here is one of the lowest life forms ever to crawl on the face of the earth, Mike Tyson. I say that beyond your shadow of a doubt, lower than ponds come. And there are people like this guy. I'm sure spending their 45 or 50 bucks to watch that garbage, to watch that swirl. Like I said, America, it's the Jerry Springer Show. Parkland, hello. Parkland, yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Um, I want to tell you how excited I am for getting Patvelle. We had me and my wife on my childhood, you know, a trip planned to Disney World for Wednesday, the day of the Montreal game. Right. Well, obviously, as soon as we heard back, we've been season tickle oversense of the beginning. We post bone nitrips because I'm not going to miss it except they might sit them out that long. They're recover. I don't really need to sick. But that's my wife. She's my wife. You won't be sitting on a Wednesday. Yeah, the waiter talked in who knows I can sit on wait until the silly game. That's only David J. Neil. That's saying it takes one day per time. I mean, that's the dumbest. One of the dumbest things that's ever been written in history. Well, I read something that they were they said his agent said that he shouldn't play for a couple days, you know, to recover so he won't get injured and they're going to push it back to like the silly game or something. Well, I hope not. Well, what do you mean they're going to push it back to the silly game? He's getting here today. He's flying here today to give the islander game as tomorrow. Islanders tomorrow and rain. Well, I think there is your plate of borrow. I'm dying for him. They're going to have, I have another thing. I knew that we're going to get killed yesterday because there was a total wet down. They're just waiting for him. And any day he don't play. They're going to end up waiting for him. I thought, let me ask you what about Saturday when they got by with the one I think with a coma. Were they waiting for him then? What did the deal wasn't made yet? Well, but they wanted it. That wasn't as bad as last night. Come on. I'm pretty close. Well, listen, I know you don't agree with this, but I think that it would take keep him protected. I think maybe not well, but another tough guy in there to keep him from getting hurt because they're going to go after him because he's about all we died. And I think that's important because I know Paul Losses is a monster, but he likes to play. And we need a guy that's, you know, got a baby set of... Well, what do you mean he likes to play and we need a guy who's going to be able to get me? I mean, you know, I can't have any kind of a guy who does both. What you can, but I think he told him. I don't think Losses is. This team doesn't have the talent on it to have room for two goons on the roster, okay? Well, we don't have room for a play. Harry Mario, he plays three lines. I mean, he really does. He really only plays three lines, mostly. So if you think of it that way, it's not going to matter the way he double shifts or he will, which is fine with me. You know, unlike McClain, he used to play every four, four lines equal time and that was it. Well, let me say it again. This team doesn't have enough talent on it offensively, especially. They have room for a full-time goon on it who doesn't produce anything else. Well, like I said, I just hope he doesn't, you know, they don't go away after him and try to just square with him. He'll be just fine. Let me all can I call someone to do something? Yes, sir. Right? You're a dog track betting, ugly stock wearing. Okay, have a great day. We have an open line of day one and a grower. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. You notice how they're trying to make the case? We want P to wore well back. Don't we want a back? No. Yeah, big black guy named Peter. No. He's going to be the bodyguard. No. He's going to be out there kicking an edge to keep those guys away. No. They're obsessed. They're like a sickness. Here's a mobile and cool spring. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, first time caller, great joy. Appreciate your frankness. I just moved here from Vancouver about six months ago. Oh, my God. And excited about getting parallel buried down here. I just great. Yeah. The only, I just hope that he can play both ends of the ice because he certainly didn't do that in Vancouver. And maybe playing back in Russia. He's learned to play defense as well as offense. Yeah. Great offensive mind. And part of the reason he gets so many goals is he snipes at the blue line, waits for somebody to dump it out to him for a breakaway. But if he can pick it up and play both ends, we got it great opportunity to the Panthers. Even if he doesn't play both ends, the fact that we have somebody offensive when those are sticking in the net that desperately what this team needs. Well, you know, in part of the another part of the trade is getting headache and down here. Great defense. I think real gentleman too. Yeah. I am engaged to Chris Diomoguchi. I understand. Mahakini go wrong with that. Is there you go? Okay, pal. Hey, nice talking to you. You're like, yeah, that's okay. You're like, yeah. We have an open line at Broward 2 at Day 5 6 7 0 5 6 the Pound 5 6 the only AT&T while I was lying. Here's Miami. Hello. Deal. How are you doing? Okay. I just want to say I love your show. Been listening for a long time. We just moved out from town of Haxi in my wife and I were newly wedged. Well, congratulations. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We have actually a one year old son and he's earning how to speak now. He's learning what? He's earning how to. Wasn't that cute? Wasn't that beautiful? Why are I told you? Done little specs. That's what we got. That's all we have. We don't have out of what we got. Two, two and a half million Julio's in this town. And we don't have one. It's got any material. All the ones within the material are on a radio mom be. I forgot about that. All over the age of 100.