So Rogers got. And I was just a little bit scared. I was just a little bit scared. Makes me look up a flower. You'll be in the ring of the sun. Say, I'm about to have a scene. My balls are big and salty and brown. Do you have any to pick me up? Just pick my balls in your mouth. Okay. Take a minute, my offense. The storm has chopped. It's not a storm. It's bad for a little bit of lunch. And good for you. So come on, my balls. As you get to it. Oh, boy. What a couple arms winged, charlotte. And I have a couple arms here. It's the way I'm on the two of you guys. And just to piss off a mirror. We're the spectacities. Because I hate when my balls get. This free-heater I want to free-fit. And give up for the lead. Say, I'm about to have a scene. My balls are big and salty and brown. Do you have any to pick? Pick me up. Just pick my balls in your mouth. So come on, my chas. This is all just a storm. You're gonna hell you guys. And your mouth is stuck on me. So come on, my balls. So come on, my chas. This is all just a storm. Just a little bit of goodness. How you fight on? Let's come on, my balls. How you fighting, my ass? Hey, wait a minute. What's that smell? It smells like something bad. Where are the puppies? Long-racking the army, they don't fight. They're gonna get back in the kitchen. Because I got a sneak-in suspicion. Oh, man, baby. Baby, you just burn my bow. Come on, my balls. Come on, my balls. Come on, my balls. Come on, my balls. Here with the water. Put your water over. Come on, my balls. Let's take this. I'm gonna fall on the bottom. You can stand there. And move. So come on, my chas. It's all just a storm. Okay. Put it in my door. Put them. They'll fly, baby. Just all my time. They'll just know. Come on, baby. Come on. Oh, suck on my bow. Baby, baby. Just tell my mouth. Baby, baby. Just like my little ass. Don't get me down. Come on, my balls. Come on, my balls. Come on, my balls. Come on, my balls. Four minutes after 10 to five, 50 WCM happy Tuesday, too. Here's a counter to Google. You'll soon get that card on, Phil. Rampus. Yeah, what have you seen? So anyway, Jews and turnl strikeballs over front page in a Herald this morning. This is another, oh, you can't pull about. I'm always talking about. Another great example, which we'll talk about today. Let's pick on the Jews today. I'm going to talk about the fourth of the crazy people with a hats and the Smottis and the Tiffillin and the smell real bad. Need a real real serious dose of something under the right guard left guard. Audio net is back on today, by the way. Back on the audio unit for our listeners from coast to coast all over the world. Finally, we're back on the audio unit. By the way, if anybody needs our program director, Bluff Lindsay, he'll be at the dentist around 1215 getting a crown put on. But you can be from right there right in the edge here. You can be from. Oh, man is this place in joke. Is it a joke? It's hysterical. It's a panic. God. See, I've gone. You reach the point of ultimate frustration and anger and pissed off. And then finally, you get beyond it. It's like hopping over a little friends. And then you get on the other side. And it's just so hysterical. You can pee in your pants. So you just have to laugh at it. Oh, God. Even he couldn't keep a straight face when he's telling me. This morning, well, if you guys need me, you know, I'll be at the dentist. I got to get my crown. It's right around the corner, though. You can beat me if you need. If we need you for what? If we need you for what? Is there anything tangible that you can think of that this man is accomplished in the 13 months that we've gone on this radio station? Anything? No. One thing? No. Could you answer a question? If you asked him like a tough question, like, why don't we go to the movie and ask the movie and ask the movie up on the third floor? Which I asked him this morning, do you have an answer? No. No. What time of day is it? No. A little bit too tough. But at any rate, he's the right nut but on that check and having a good time, I guess. You know, it's amazing to me. Why should it be amazing since I'm a slow learner, I guess, that things that are so painfully obvious. I mean, it's like looking through a pain and glass. It's right there in front of your posts. And because this is such a dumb, dumb town, people here, they just don't get it. The sports writers, all these columnists, things that you look at. Like, like, there's a dead cow sitting right in your living room. And you bring in all these people and they look at it and they like, I don't know, what do you think that is? Looks like a dead cow to me. Well, you know, I don't know. That's Miami for it. That's this town. Like this thing with Eugene Robinson. Yes, most of us agree that it's a tremendous waste of police manpower. And they've been doing these things on the skin bouquet of art for 100 years with a John's The Decoise, and all this bull crap, been going on forever. Not just here, but here a lot. But that wasn't the point. That wasn't the story. The story is that here's a guy that's always quoting from the Bible that set himself up as the moral leader. That just the morning of his arrest, we see this award as being this upstand, a great moral. He's the prophet, baby. He'd be the, whatever he is. And he's out there looking for a blow job. I'm just getting Boulevard 9 o'clock Saturday night. That's the story. Not whether it's a waste of police time and taxpayer money, which we, Anybody with a brain knows that already. But do they get it? No, no, get in here. There's that dead cow right there in front of your foot. It's like two feet in front of your left foot. There's a dead cow. But yeah, but you know, I'm not so sure you're right about it. I don't, I don't see it. Why are these people so slow? Just that thing about Lawrence Taylor, I was talking about yesterday. I don't care what the rules of the NFL are. And you know, it ties right in with that pros and cons book that I've been recommending very strongly. And most of you need to read it badly, by the way. Most of the people listen to this station need to be forced to read it or have somebody read it to them. Because one of the things that they talk about in that book is that the National Football League is very uptight about gambling scandals. I heard Hank yesterday mentioned that Paul Horning had away 20 years to get in the hall of fame because he was in trouble for gambling. See gambling reflected on the integrity of the game and brings into question whether the games are on the up and up. But as far as gangster, then I have no problem with that. Drugs, murderers, rapists, they have no problem with that at all. So the question should be, you know, not what the rules are, but what they ought to be as far as induction in the hall of fame. And how you could put a total scumbag like Lawrence Taylor, and that's what people ought to be talking about. Like OJ. I mean, if he would have been convicted in the first trial in the criminal trial, forgetting about the civil trial, which I guess nobody ever bothered to tell me in the NFL, if he would have been convicted in the criminal trial, he would still be in there. He'll still be in a hall of fame. And that's special, chronicle division behind the bars. He's still being there. Because they don't care, they don't care. Just as long as you don't do any illegal gambling and maybe baseball has, you know, like a touch of the same illness. That's why they're so uptight about Pete Rose. He wasn't the screwing around that they knew of. He wasn't beaten on any women, but he had a little gambling problem. Therefore, keep his hands out of the hall. That's what, that and see, those are what the real issues are. But don't confuse these people with the facts, because they can't see it. 9 out of 10, it's 10 at 5, 60, WQM, on a great Tuesday. I think I'll make it a little bit of a comeback, you know, I think we're going to share that cream on my, yeah. What we're going to do today, one of the many things we'll accomplish today is we'll do the illness of the day. Every day will get, no, it's better than go out of the doctor. They don't diagnose anything. So we'll just make something up. We'll diagnose something different every day. And then we'll talk about what the symptoms are. And a lot of people will be going, oh, if you think I got that. So I'm looking at those medical books. Everybody disease you look up. Oh, yeah, I got that. Oh, yeah, there's another got that. And then you go onto the next disease. Oh, yeah, no, maybe this is what I got because I got that. I got this. And my echo is oozing in the all kinds of problems. Well, that was a regional. Oh, that was a regional. Well, I'm busy listening to these stupid cards. That Tracy just brought in here. What are these supposed to be funny? Fat boy brought these over here. Fat boy stole some cards from queer channel by the way. I don't want to get him in any hot water. What he just started here yesterday. I don't want to get his ass thrown out of here quite yet. Do I want to get him out of here? Oh, stole some cards for them that I can tell that we're sitting right on his desk and it's a bunch of terrible rehash for those of you who are jones in for the passion phones thing. See if this was like a real open if it was a show open. But it's just a music. I just got it. Huh? I got that. Yeah, so what's the big deal with that? I mean, if I had something that related to her on there, like maybe. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Like that or get down on your hand and eat and lick my boots or maybe like like the giant. I really get to my panties and a lot. Maybe that might have some severe. So I should have again, Fat boy, but we didn't we didn't need to bring him over here. But it's hard. It's what speaking of him. Yes. It was a message on my voice mail from Andy Corge, these sales manager over there. Yes. Well, he just left saying. Hahaha. Oh, my god. Andy Corge was saying. How are these things? Wow. Wow. Wow. So, I'm saying, boy, you guys lose. Yeah, there's something we need to have. Shyla, coles investigate this whole deal of how that guy. He wanted to be able to have this non-competing with the sales people over there at queer channel. But somehow he was working there on Friday. He shows up here on Monday morning as in yesterday. In spite of that non-competing, I think it's like a six month non-competing or something like that. Because he's threatened to sue them. Is that what it really? Hahaha. Or it's just a story we hear, of course. Hahaha. Oh yeah. So what are you really trying to say? Over that. Are you trying to say? He's an asshole. Yeah. Oh, god. Over that love tap that guy gave him an a. And he started like swinging and passing out and having all these problems. Because a guy tapped him on the side of the head. Maybe he was just kind of a problem over there. And they wanted to ship him over here. And of course, grew in being the idiot that she has said. Uh-huh. Okay. And of course, the fact that her husband, well, I guess he's separated now, but that doesn't make any difference. Maybe. In fact, maybe that's why. Maybe that's part of the separation is that Todd Winnike is trying to get even with her now with us. So therefore, they shipped fat boy over here and she said, okay. Because she's a knit with. And because our general manager is like in La La Land involved in god only, oh, is one. Maybe we can get the goddamn soccer games on the station. And I mean, make Phil Shane happy anyway. We can get the maddoer games on the air. Come on. Let's get some more stupid dumb sports crap on here. That's what we need. I'll get to the adjuice story and a minute over there in Jerusalem where there's psychotic is usually orthodox. You're just not orthodox enough. That's the problem you American orthodox. You're just not Jewish enough to make those crazy as real use happy. But anyway, yesterday we had a couple of calls on a show, which I thought of really showing that after just a what? 13 months now on this station were finally graduating. We finally have reached the level or graduating or is that that we're going in reverse. We're being held back. We finally reached the level of the sports show, some of the manifestation where the colors are like such idiots that we're like, I'm talking about the sports calls. Like two we had two calls yesterday about the Panther Dallas game, which I didn't see. I was out of town. And they lost. They got beat. They got sock. They got pounded. They lost the game. And both of these colors wanted to analyze. They wanted to go through this excruciating. Well, how come they lost a game? And what did they do? And Terry Murray did that? And I thought to myself, oh my god, it's like a disease. It's contagious. It's broken through the membrane walls. That exist. It's like these little barriers that exist. There were 10 o'clock at the morning when the big hand is on the wall. Whatever it is. And it's too o'clock at the end. There are these membranes that kind of like separated us at least to some degree for the last 13 months. But I guess maybe February 1st yesterday was the dividing point in which the membrane walls finally like shaved in. And stuff at the start. It's seeping in some of this disease. Some of this illness from you sick pathetic sports nerd that talk about such my new year. And have to take each. I mean, it's nothing to be a sports fan. You know, something to enjoy it. That's okay. But it's another thing to take each event and have to analyze and dissect it and sniff it and go through this sort of thing. Go through this grotesque, this unbelievable exercise. Because really, you don't have to go through all of that to prove one thing. What's because if you're if you're doing this, we know what you're really trying to say. I have no line. Exactly. I mean, that's a given. That's guaranteed. If you have to go through this excruciating mental exercise of trying to figure out how come, hey guess what? When you play a lot of games, get you're going to lose some. Oh no, is that possible? There's that sharp pain again in the wrist. Yeah, about two, three times a day that happens. Let's diagnose needles that illness. Okay. It's about seven or eight weeks. My doctor says I don't need him. And I think I'm starting to agree. Well, no, when your doctor says you don't need me, I think what he's really trying to say is you need a doctor that might give you a diagnosis and help you get over whatever your problem is. Is that is that the code for what that means what a doctor says you don't need me. And my dermatologist, they seem like very nice people. Give me some of this cream that I'm smear and it seems like this rags is going away. Very slowly, but it does seem to be going away, but all these other symptoms is this nip, the sore neck. Maybe I've got a yeast infection was my guess for the day. Mark it on the count. If they were, because they were going to discuss yeast infections, all of my vaginocene's fairly clear at this point. Doesn't seem to be affected by this. It's all from the neck up. It's all in your head. Maybe that's what my doctor was trying to say. It's all in your head. You know, that hot skin and the stiff neck and the pain behind the eyeballs and the occasional like two or three times a day. The real sharp pain and you're joined for like a in your wrist for about just one or two seconds like a sharp shooting pain sounds like a yeast infection to me. Anybody in there? And it's so anything about a yeast infection? No, I'm not talking about like in the vagina. Now, Dr. Atkins in the book for all my Atkins people out there. He does make a very interesting point, which I used to poo poo a lot. Anybody out there ever poo poo a lot? Then when you go on the Atkins, you stop poop pulling all together. Let's hear a side dish to make fun of that. That's what I'm going to say is that most fat people have yeast infections and don't realize it. And most doctors can't diagnose that. Of course, some doctors can't diagnose anything, but that's beside the point. You don't need me. You're fine. So let's talk a little bit about yeast infections today along with all this other stuff. And maybe we can analyze how come some maybe your team lost the game recently. And we can analyze. We can, you know, hold hands. And we can say a prayer over that. Let me say it again for all you experts who write in this town and on you journal so called journalist, the real story with Eugene Robinson wasn't the fact that he got hooked up with a hooker, which nobody with a brain care is even as wife happened on his sheet. Don't give a crap. But Jesus cares. It's the hypocrisy again. It's the same with all this bull crap up there in Washington with all these senators and congressmen that are screwing around screwing everything that moves. But are pointing the finger at Bubba and see the difference like the guy that called yesterday the professional right winger. The biggest difference is we already knew Bubba was a flanero and nobody cared. They elected them anyway, including a second time. And they still like them. They don't care how many blow jobs he gets. He's not setting himself up as some kind of a religious leader or some kind of a moralist. He's not winning any goddamn awards as they more or leader of America. But here's another one of these phony bolognied jobs with a Christian prayer breakfast and all the awards and a moral leader. And he's not to get in the head looking for head on biscuit boulevard. That's the story. And isn't it pathetic that you have to like draw a diagram for these bastards because they just don't get it. It's you know that dead cow is sitting there and they're living room and they just can't see it. They can't make out what it is. Jews and turnl strike boils over. US rabbis are constant over mixed sex prayer in Israel. Oh, and an ugly confrontation. And of course when the Orthodox get together, it's always an ugly confrontation. You ever take a look at him? They're always ugly. So that's a good poll question that anybody ever see a good looking Orthodox Jew. No. What if he shaved him? I think they'd be a lot uglier. Look at your account. For example, look at David. But all the respect I know you like him. And he swindles the government real well or whatever it is he does for you. But nevertheless, he is truly, truly ugly. Anybody ever see an Orthodox Jew that looked like really, really good. No. In an ugly confrontation 100 Orthodox Jewish shiva students surrounded a group of American reform rabbis who went to pray at the Western Wall on Monday morning in Jerusalem. The students booed loudly and shouted insults passed border police officers. Oh, what was most chilling to the Americans was that they used their faces, contorted and anger under their black hats. Scream that the rabbis should go back to Germany to be exterminated one explained later. Draw onto the protest by cars with loudspeakers that circulated in their neighborhood. The students jostled and pushed at middle gates that essentially penned in the 33-meal and female rabbis. They're nothing but biological Jews who said an Orthodox member of parliament, Avrama, Liza'son, who entered the pen to the American, entered the pen. Most of these basirs ought to be in the pen. Gotta head there before this pen a week with Sean Penn. The class with the latest Grammysian war between the Orthodox and the reform and conservative movements, which many fundamentalists believe to be such a dilution of Judaism that they're not the same religion. You think you're Jewish because you put on a capon or skull cap, you have my or a cross? Sounds like crowd. You want to do a new religion? Find go do it somewhere else in Sri Lanka, leave us Jerusalem. What the protest used on particularly provocative was the fact that the men and women were praying together. Boy! Which they do not allow. That the women like the men were skull caps and prayer shals. Boy! I got a woman, I'm not Hoffman of the Jerusalem City Council, held the Torah. Boy! If a group of rabbis can't go to the wall, then who can go ask Rabbi Emil Hirsch, Sonny's brother? Executive director of the Association of Reform Zionists of America in New York. Who does it bother? Who considers it provocative? It's only provocative if you succumb to the ultra-orthodox worldview, which sees the Western wall, and all of his real has not the heritage of the Jewish people, but is a giant ultra-orthodox synagogue. As this big, right wing for Abyss and a show. The Western wall, the most halo Jewish side, is long been a battleground between traditional and less traditional Jews. The prayer area directly in front of the wall is divided into men's and women's sections, as in Orthodox and Gags with a men's section, much larger of course, goes without saying, because the women like most religions are under-hunterlings. The reform and conservative movements have petitioned the Israel Supreme Court for the right to hold mixed services before the wall. A group called Women of the Wallists sought court orders to let its members read from the Torah, and wear prayer shals there. Oh, how do you like that? Women wearing a talus, oh my God. Strictly Orthodox leaders have successfully fought all attempts to change the status quo at the wall. One Orthodox group, Amahad, in fact, they statement from New York to condemn the rainbow form Rabbi's trip as a provocation. They were trying to say he was an Ojyan provocateur, I think is what they be saying. The message from Abhaan Shah-Fran, Aviyah, whatever his name is said in part, we asked this morning's American visitors to turn their energies to constructive, not destructive ends to confront the plagues of assimilation and intermarriage that are raging in their own American communities, and allow Israel's Jews to preserve their own relationship with Jewish religious law and tradition and public policies. The confrontation boils down to a showdown between Jews over the legitimacy of reform and conservative Judaism, the dominant movement in the United States. So, let me correct you. Which are very small here. The incident also touched another thorny issue which many see as an ownership battle over the Jewish homeland. Many as we really see the Jewish diaspora as vital to their existence, others resent what they see as American meddling. diaspora? Have you pronounced that, George? Come on, the secular diaspora. I think that's what I got, diaspora. Doesn't that tell a can of a skin cream diaspora? Let's do the job for me. Let's get some. The students fund a repeatedly shout out for the Americans to go back to the United States and say, Rabbi, stay see after Minneapolis, we come with so much love of Zion. It's very hard to be reminded of how hateful some people feel toward us. Now these are Orthodox Jews shouting and screaming and condemning and carrying on with other Orthodox Jews. I rest my case right there, okay? Oh, crazy people. Crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy people. Dressed in the garb of people from thousands of years ago like relics walking around with their policies and their schmuckers and their big goofy black hats and their payers and their titsons. If I can say that, can I say that? No, they're titsons. I'll say it again. If your marriage can say it, I'll say it with their titsons hanging down. God. And I'm supposed to be on the outside. I'm supposed to be the bad guy because I take it that all this religious crap is a bunch of bull crap. Just ask the Jews in Brooklyn. Just ask the less than Orthodox, the less from Jews in Brooklyn, how they like the Orthodox and what they've done to them and stoning their houses and trying to drive them out of the neighborhood. Because they're not quite Jewish enough. That's right. Jews attacking other Jews Christian, this like when a pope was here the other day. And he's attacking the, he was making a hawk and a try to connect Mexico about the infusion of the born again Christians who aren't quite the same kind of the same kind of the same brand of Christians not good for his business is what he was trying to say. Even though they're all supposed to believe in Jesus and all of those other bull bullies. It's not the right brand. Don't you understand? It's not the right brand. You're bad for business. 1027 and 550 WQA. Holy cow. Aaron's coming. Some swam meal, types of fuchines, and said they have to watch the tongue again. I never ride away, I'm listening here, so think it's your home, my show. It's number one in the nation. All the faith, give a dollar for dope people to the earth. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I We are sorry動, recorded video listen type. You're your job. Our strides all be checked upon the sound of this service. How we ready to break. How we didn't have my confession that the operative attire now kill me singing away be sure you should I try to throw you out and stay here you go be sure you should I try to throw you out I try to throw you out I try to throw you out you should I try to stop you to stop you being true to your show you should stop you be sure you между I'm trying to throw you out you should into life I try to throw you out Me got lost I'm not quite a orthodoxy. They would like over an Israel I guess. By the way, haven't we told you many, many times don't ever trust the Israeli businessmen. No. Doctors, anybody is really willing. It comes to business. Don't you know, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. You know, I'm not sure. Children. Oh, no. I'm not sure. Drs. Anybody is really willing. It comes to business. Don't trust. 560, pound five 60 on a mobile online. It's cured meals the disease day. It's a lot of use day. Oh, God. Here's a call from a Renault, Celos. in the kitchen like the ho and the some scheme. Let me pay something. Why do we happen with this guy getting trouble trying to get a blow job? What happened with that? What happened with what? What did you mean whatever happened? He played a crappy game suddenly night and now he's going home. Anyway, I think what? In such a small place like here in the like town in 20 miles radius of this place, there's more living and breathing people. More fun and a fast flow. There's no question about that. This town is dead in the dornail and now that all the intruders, the invaders from the Super Bowl are gone. Yesterday was one of the deadliest days I've had in years and I can see already today. I got one other call on the board. It's 1035 already. I can see today's it's going to be just like that again today. You know what I'm going to say? And with nobody trying to catch you because you want to get a blow job. If it's just unbelievable, you're so sorry. I'm going to have to fly back to it. If you've got to understand the old like I said before, the reason that that was a big story or should have been a big story. Because he was trying to get a blow job is because he sets himself up as another one. He's a Bible thumpers. He's the prophet. He's always quoting from the Bible. He's better than all the rest of us. Don't you understand? He went in a war for something like that. He got in the war Saturday morning. He was presented the award at the Chris and Athletes prayer breakfast. And then 30 90 goes out and gets arrested on whiskey and bullet marks for getting a call with an E.C. hooker. I love it. Have a good time pack. Okay. Ponder your brains out. Two open lines and date two of Broward 560 560 560 on the mobile one line. I got news for it. I'm not screwing around today at all. No way. No way Jose. They want to play to game today. They want to talk. They got some of this. Great. This is where it's at baby. Just the only shoot at us. You got nothing to say. I got music up the old record. Got tons of good music today. We'll play the South Park. We'll play the whole damn soundtrack. Is what we'll do. Here's a mobile in the crowsprings. Hello. What's up, Neil? Yes sir. Let's go on. Hello. I'm listening. I'm listening. Are you to get rude today? What? Are you ready to go on? I want to go up until this call. I was in a great mood. Yeah. I want to fuck around for some tickets. Tickets for what? How about you got a speeding ticket, Jackass? Two open lines and Broward 560 560 560. See right there. For the guy in Reno, there's one more example. Why you ought to be real glad that you're where you are out there. And not here. Here's a guy that thinks he's being real cute. Real funny. He's got nothing to say. He has nothing to say. Nothing to say about any goddamn thing in the world. This is a dead end. There ought to be when you get to the Palm Beach County line. I'm talking the North Palm Beach County line. There ought to be a big sign that says dead end. No matter where you want to go, you can't get there from here. Here's a mobile and cool for city. Hello. Hi, me, Ogo morning. Yes, sir. Who did you give your tickets to on Saturday night's pamper? I didn't give my tickets to anybody. Sir, are you writing about your seats? What? I sat at your two seats? Well, great. I'm happy for you. Probably need to both seats. So you didn't give the tickets away? No, I did not. Well, you didn't use them. Thank you very much. Section 101, rose 16. Right. It was great to be at the Panthers in place so good. Yeah. Then again, Dallas has probably the best in the West. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Have a great life. Oh, God. Nice job by the yushers, by the way. Not checking who's sitting in my seats. Nice job there again by the yushers at the macaruna. I mean, you talk about hopeless and pathetic. That's the yushers in that joint man. And don't confuse them with the facts. Well, we got to be nice to the customers because you're right. Because if they want to stand up during the game, if they want to wrap up in Donnie House or sit in somebody else's seat, that's okay. They're the PanCustomers. We have an open line in day one in the Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. Yeah. I was reading that article today and I heard all about the rap ice. Oh, yeah. I can't believe it. I mean, I thought there were all two. I'm not Jewish, but I mean, I thought a Jew was just a Jew. Oh, man, you ain't heard nothing yet. You don't get it. A Jew is just a Jew. There's all kinds of Jews. There's conservative Jews. There's reformed Jews. There's orthodox Jews. There's ultra orthodox Jews. There's culinary dietary Jews. You just like to eat deli like I do. You know, they're not just your everyday generic Jew. Well, I know that you got orthodox and you got regular Jewish people. So they're all Jewish. That's what I'm saying. No. That's like that's all I'm saying that all people believe in Jesus are Christians. That's not true. No, that's not. You got the Catholics in the born again Christians and the Methodist and the Presbyterian. And you got, they're all they all hate each other like poison. So the orthodox people, that's like saying that all people, it's being Spanish, are the same. They're all Hispanic. And they all hate each other like poison. The Mexicans and the Cubans and the Colombians and the Puerto Ricans and the Brazilians and the Venezuelans. And the Spaniards, they all hate each other like poison. So what the orthodox Jews are trying to do is that they have all of them. Look like them with the beard and the curls and the... And they want to keep the women in their place. You know, like most religions, the more orthodox they become, the more resexes they are. They want to keep women way in the back and they have barefoot and pregnant. No, they're barefoot. They're like in a Jewish trailer park, barefoot and pregnant. Yeah, they're barefoot. Right, exactly. They can't get in the next millennium and they're still living in 2,000. They're living in the stone age, my friend. They're living in the dark ages, so to hold them. That's like the death penalty. They're still in the people with that pickup bro. Right, that's right. Now you're talking, now you're getting warm. They're standing there, they're standing there, they're standing there, they're waiting wall and they're rocking back and forth. They're not even playing the Gary Glitter and they're still rocking back and forth. I, my real condyne. And they're carrying out seriously like they got same-fight as dancing their pants. Like crazy people in the yard. Oh man. Hey, can I go to one of these bands? Go ahead, sir. Chris Bush, you're an asshole. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. There's a guy that's not too happy with Bush. We have an open line in Dave, two in Broward. Boy, this overhead is like all scooter. I need all Gregory with a great sense of humor that he's got. Who's got the audacity actually come down here. Look me in the face. And by the way, did our program director ever get those numbers that I asked and they're run for me out the like it was a big project? Did he bring those down? Oh, can't it two numbers? Now that he's up there with his computer before we go. So have the crown stuck in his bus or anything else putting his mouth? Did he do that for this morning? No. No, well, you know, that would require a little bit of effort on his part. Not in his vocabulary. Not in his job description. Yeah, Greg Reed says on that board we got upstairs in that studio. All it the engineer tells him it's like state of the art. It's only a couple of years old. And I said, yeah, I said we don't even have a thumb tack in his doing that state of the art. Sports factory. You'll tell you to add a little bit of shit. Oh, no, that's a chicken's property on your house. Alex, for me. We move on that two double jeopardy. Hany, you have the little score at the end of the last round. Choose a category, please. Extra terrestrial is for 200. It makes strange noises in the chicken poop late at night. Yes, bonus. Thank for do. No, Kajan. No, what is a poultry guy? Oh, we got Hany. You still have control to the board. To beak or not to beak for 600. He was the star of the omelet. Only. Correct. We'll return the way chicken's property. Kajan, we will be choking in the pattern. He needs to take it. One thing I did learn on it, true, by the way. Kajan, we can't keep his pecker in his hand. Jadot, we can't keep his pecker in his hand. Good, Jennifer, calm down. She's getting all worked up in the foaming at it in the mouth too. We have an open line of day one and a draw. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 50. Anybody call you about the disease? The yeast infection? No. Where can we find in soft Florida? This is my question today. Where can we find somebody who can a diet nose and illness? Even like a migraine headache would be a good start. And do something to get rid of it. Wouldn't that be it? What a concept, huh? Is there such a person in this town as he exists? No. Here's a lady in Perrine. Hello. Yes, man. I hate to make this all-you-gene radio again today, but I must tell you the hero got it wrong. That picture of Eugene in his wife was taken Saturday. Oh. And they made a sound like it was. Yeah, it said it was taken this morning, meaning that day morning yesterday morning. The day after he was arrested, he was both had a big smile on their post 9-winter. What does this be? Right. But you have to understand, that since the picture was taken Saturday, it proves conclusively that she was here on Saturday and day that he went out the cruise and the run on Biscayne Boulevard looking for a blow job. Exactly. I think that they do that night before the Super Bowl. The families are taken or the players are moved to a different hotel away from the family. They probably moved him in the onney. That's a good neighborhood. The old Biscayne and T.P. And so the players run their own that night. Yeah. But anyway, the implication that she didn't take it that. I mean, they had his father on and she was terribly upset. So, you know, I hate to think that everybody's thinking, you know, you know, they hurled me to another mistake. Yeah. Oh my God. Another hurled mistake. Another big, big mistake. You have a big mistake, is it? Because they can see some bimbo to doesn't care. Right. Yeah. And they were going Congress. I mean, they both had this big smile on their teeth. They were like, they just want a lottery for 10 minutes. I thought it was shocking. And then I saw the same thing on CNN says Saturday. Yeah. The hurled just absolutely glorious. Isn't this embarrassing that we haven't really had to be humiliated by too such garbage newspapers they hurled being by far the worst. I love you, Neil. Thanks for the bad news. Bye. Yeah. Once again, stretching tear into hearts of real journalists from coast to coast, they're hurled with this funny, balloony image that they've created. See, it's another one of those mind things I keep telling you about. It's a mind fork. That's what it is. Like the forge. Same thing. Oh, it's one of America's great newspapers. Oh, my God. You have to be out of your mind. They make more mistakes in one day than most newspapers making 40 years. Any section. Pick up any section that you'll find mistake after mistake. After error, after error, wrong names on pictures or captions. I mean, you name it. They got it. Cool. Here's a mobile info. A lot of day. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. Listen, I don't know if you notice lately, but Jerry Falwell just pronounced that the anti-credits will be Jewish. Yes, sir. That's an old story. That's from last week. But I didn't notice last week when the story was on. I did talk about it. Yes. Well, I tried to call you all. Oh, I finally got something. What do you mean you tried to call me all week, then? Well, you should know that I talked about it. I dialed my dial on my dial. Oh, get out of here. These phones of yesterday were dead as a door nail. Well, I didn't try it. You could have driven a Mac truck through this phone bank yesterday. Well, you know what it made me think, sir. What did make you think, sir? That maybe you're the anti-credits. Yeah. I'm not Jewish enough. You're not? No. I told you it would be great to kind of have a campaign go AC. Yeah. How about go AC DC? We have an open line in Broward. Two of them, five, six, seven, five, six. Do you see what I mean? Was he exciting or what? He was pretty good. Oh, no. You're right. Five, six, seven, five, six. The pump five, six, eight on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. You know, I was out this weekend. The cops weren't only after the Johns this weekend. They were at the speed traps all over the town. I was driving up a set of... By the way, big speed trap on. How are you this road again between sunrise and Broward? I don't know if it's still going on. They're right there shooting it on their motorcycle ahead. Check this out. I was driving up a 74 northbound. And I see a whole line of cop cars. They had this speed trap thing going over the airplane. Five, over... Yeah. They were... You know, I'm driving northbound. I'm warning the guys, you know, I'm flashing my headlight on and off. And about five minutes later, I see this on my car, I'll pull me over. And the guy was going to give me a ticket for flashing my headlights to warn the other motor to give me a button. You know, I'm... I'm glad you brought this up. You must be psychic because I was thinking about that this morning because as I came down high at this road, there were people flashing me. There had lights warning that there was this speed trap up there on high at this, which they're there. Almost every goddamn day. And I'm thinking to myself, this is your first amendment right. You're communicating with the other motorists out there. And if you want to send them a message, that's your first amendment right. And if the cop doesn't like it, tough bananas too bad. Well, this guy was, I mean, he started giving me the third degree. And I told him, listen, all I'm doing is that I'm saving you, going to trouble down the road. And he's going, oh, you're obstructing this and the other one. And he pulled up this list. Oh, but that goes to show you what a bunch of liars they are because they're not there trying to fill the code and write a bunch of tickets. If they're really trying to get people to slow down, then you're right. You're assisting your helping goes your helping to slow traffic down. Exactly. Well, he gives me all of this. Well, you know, the people will be mad if they see us in the, and the pumpkin doughnut seeding. So we're out here doing our job and you're, you're, you're, you're, and intruding in our own. So in other words, what I'm saying, what he's saying is that there are only two alternatives, eating a duck in doughnuts or running radar traps. And there's no other police work that needs to be done in his town. That's how he's saying is there. Exactly. That's exactly. He was fumbling through his rule book. He said, well, this is a, this is going to line the rules. This is a law. And you know, and he can't blame you. Yeah, I'm believe you. I'm believe you. Where's your Friday when we need him? Yeah. Yeah. Neil, you got to get the volume up on this on your, oh, I'm glad you mentioned that again. Two, thank God for you. Thank you, sir. And have a great day. See, there we go again. Get the volume up on the list about it that he's going to look into it. Who's going to look into it? George. When? When? What year? You know, I'm so sick and tired to hear about what a great engineer we got. I know how overworked he is. But you know something, we are on the air. We're doing a radio show. What comes what goes on the air comes first. All the other window dressing. All the other posture around upstairs was stuff that can wait. That comes last. That comes later on down the road. And our engineering department as small as it is. And as overworked as it is. What they don't understand is that we would like to do things right down here. Even though, you know, that may be a pain in the ass to them. We'd like the listeners to be able to hear us when they're on a hole. I know that's asking for a lot. And it's something that takes maybe two minutes of their time to do that. To make that adjustment. But we get the short end of the stick. You know, we've seen the program direct to this morning. We saw the general manager down here this morning with his usual, you know, that look on his face. And that's it. And in the meantime, we get the short end of the stick. We're sitting here with a goddamn 10 share between 10 and 2. We're bringing in more goddamn money than Carter's got pills. And we still get nothing. We get absolutely nothing from these people. And the audience calls in day after day after day after day. And you'll hold your breath when is somebody up there going to do something about this. As opposed to have a program director that runs around giving us his schedule of where he's going to be. And how we can get a hold of him. And we can be from what do we want to be from for because if you tell him about anything, all he says is like that. What's the point? It's an exercise. It's an exercise in total futility. Is what it is. Because when you cut away all the extraneous horsemen or they just don't give up crap. That's all. They won't lift a finger for us. Nothing. We had a threaten to take him to court just to build his goddamn studio in a to damn good thing for them. They did build his studio because otherwise they would have had no place to have the other the whole station running out of during the week that they were trying to impress the NFL people with a super bowl last week. So as a goddamn good thing that we did force them and threaten that have to take them to court to build these studios. Don't confuse them with what they promised it was what they're supposed to do because they don't know from nothing. You can't do business with these people. They can't do business. Everything is a joke. Everything is small talk. Everything is pepepepepepepepepe. But if you bring up anything like the thing with a sales situation that we talked about with the, what's its name? They just look at your, oh really? And it just keeps scratching at that spot on me and that empty spot there and I had where I brain used to be. Maybe. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Can you hear me, aren't? How about when you were on a hold, sir? Could you hear us okay? No, when I was a whole, it was worse. Better now. But when you were here, you must clear. Yeah, volume was low. Yes, when I was at a hold. Yeah, that's our problem. That's our problem, George Carso. The volume is low and the colors are on hold. You idiot. No, sir. Only told him yesterday afternoon. Yeah, right. That other color you call it. The lady afternoon. The color you called about, you know, the days. Yes, sir. You know, it's, it's, it's the juition being a different than look at the Muslims. Oh, hey. They've got so many different sex of Muslims. It's like the American Muslims. The Muslims are having sex. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah, they have the Elijah sect in America, which is a black Muslims. You know, it's like religion is all based on business. It's like, it's soon as somebody found it like that kind of the NBA That old black magic. Yeah, there you go. There used to be an NBA used to be on TV and used to be a, You know, it's an, you know, it's a, you can't even sound a new religion. You know, you, you, you, you, you made your million. I mean, when you've got people within their own religion, even though they may be in different sex of the religious, right? And you've got people hating each other and condemning each other and screaming and go back to Germany to be exterminated and all this other crap. Doesn't that right there. Doesn't that demonstrate very clearly and beyond the shadow of a doubt that religion reads nothing but hatred and contempt and has all throughout human history? That's right. If you don't see it the way I see it, you know, the hell with you. Exactly. You're going to burn in hell and drop that in, uh, etc. And so on. And speaking of your, since it's not the same shape as mine are, then, uh, you're going to burn in hell. It's speaking of that. You played a great bit yesterday. I think you did it at Hock. You played the power of her Christ compels you with a bunch of, yeah. Could you play that again? Would you get a chance? No. I will. I will work on it. Thanks. Have a great time. Two open lines in day two and a. And maybe you'll be able to hear us when you're on hold, maybe not. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you doing today, Neil? I'm okay. The level on the volume on hold is a lot better today than it was. I called you two days ago or not. Well, I've only still must be fairly crappy though because we've got people complaining about it. Yeah, I guess, but it's not too bad for me actually. I wasn't talking about a little bit of religion, Neil. I called you about two months ago and I was all saying, I'm born again this and then I tell you what's been happening lately. Well, he said bull crap. No sorry, I laid that over there very nicely and almost covered up the shot but not quite. You covered up the shot. Okay, one call left on the board. It's going to be time for some very, very outstanding music. I think when we come back from the break after 11 o'clock, some really good stuff. Actually, boys. It's 10.57. Our number by the way just in case there's anybody out there with anything to say about anything in the world of 5.6705. 60 and pound 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Oh, God, Neil. So you have a baby. So you probably have sex. And now everything's a little disheveled down there. And although you don't miss sex just yet, you will. And when the urge comes, you want to be ready. So you can try all the key Alexa sizes you want. Or you can try the brand new product from the makers of ShrinkieDings called Stretchy Spray. Each night before you go to bed, spray Stretchy Spray on your most private of private. And apply the special heat pad. The Stretchy Spray, it hears to your skin and just like TrinkieDings. After a while, this heat will compress everything back to a smaller tighter shape. Warning. Overuse of Stretchy Spray could result in Next up, it's got a good. Excessive Titan. He's only as directed. It's 11.01 and 5.60 WQM and other Comotos crowd out there. Today we got one call on the board. And then I'll read all these numbers that fat boy Jeff high brought us down. Oh, he's a good guy. No, he's not a good guy, but he's just useful at getting stuff like this. While our program director is up there going, let him let him let go and up and down their shaft, which he got a lot of practice doing from what I understand. I was up there going, let him let him like that. Jeff high sends down here. All of you guys stuff from tended to all the taps can rating between 10 am and 2 pm, which last time I checked those are the four hours around here. And that's what we want to know every time the book comes out. How do you like that? So you may not come. There's the right thing you want in a apology. I think you are a big fat, disgusting, smelly apology. No. Yes, I do. Okay, let's take our one call. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, sir? Yeah, what I heard that thing. Did it, uh, Atlanta player? I'm like, wait a second. Who's in charge of this thing? It's tourism, okay? One of the supervolve in town. That's the time you, you can't talk. You can't talk. You can't talk. And don't you understand the real story here when you say to that Atlanta player, to the self-proclaimed religionist Bible-fumping Bible-coding, goody two shoes, who won the award for being a great moral example on Saturday morning, and goes out with his wife and a host sitting in a hotel, sitting on a ranch back there, and is looking for a blow job on this game Boulevard, and the point in the story you're getting about his vent for tourism? Yeah, not the story. That's okay, granted. His religious beliefs, whatever. Okay? No, no, no, no, not whatever. Not whatever. Let me say it again Saturday morning. See, why is it so difficult for you? People to understand this. Don't you understand what the word hypocrite is all about? Okay, isn't hypocrite. But I don't think we should be out there trolling for guys. Is there a word doing it every day? That's the south Florida effing way. You better get used to it. Okay, that's the number one. In fact, they do that every time there's a convention in town, they do that all over the place. You name the place. And here's another guy who doesn't understand the story. He doesn't want to get it. That's the more they scream and hollow about how religious they are and how they're condemning everybody else for doing this, that and the other. They're the ones who are doing it. Not a single call on a board here. It's 1103. And I'm sitting here looking at these numbers. You know what I can do with these numbers like that. All they used to say, I can. That's right. With all these big numbers we got. We got these gigantic ratings. Can we get anybody in management and engineering upstairs to do one little goddamn thing for us? No. It's like we're not like even steps over anymore. It's like we don't exist. It's like we don't even exist. And Jeff, hi, who is the greatest at getting these numbers. You're going to do too much else that we want to do. But nevertheless. And by the way, Mr. Smarty pants. I know everything was always telling me about how all the Julios. Listen to this show. What do I told you? These numbers that we got in this last book, which we're pretty damn impressed. And I noticed by the way, our two newspapers don't write about radio ratings anymore. Thank you very much. I don't want to go to the right about the money I raised for charity, which I'm used to buy now. But they also don't write about the ratings when they come out. Because I guess they figured nobody cares. Sure, they don't care. Hispanic men 2554 from 10 am to 2 pm. George. Number four. What's the share? I don't see the average ring. Where the hell is the share? But this doesn't even have a goddamn share. It has average rating, but it doesn't have the share. This is a crappy piece that you brought us to fat boy. Number four, behind a radio on more in WXDJ and Power 96 with a 1.6% rate of web. I don't know what's here. That would translate to it. It means nothing. But we're not doing so great. That's 2554 Hispanic men. Week. Week. Week. Exactly. Week. So we're getting these big numbers in spite of them. And not because, like I said before, that's the thing. That was one average book that we got over there at tax in the fall two years ago. Was an average, was an aberration. And you alluded yourself. Oh, they're all listening. They're all listening. I don't call that a call. Yeah, huh? That's what they all tell me. You're always telling me, you don't know any Cubans. Just a family. Yeah, just your family. Okay, how many people is that? Eight. Yeah, right. They do multiply crazy. Like rabbits. Not like the Dark folks, but. Oh, and then the Dark Cubans. Woo. Wow. So anyway, 10 a.m. To 2 p.m. I mean, every RV number. He's got graphs here. He's got charts. Not going fat boy. We still want to see it, though. But look at this. Men 25, 18 to 49. Number one with a 9.2 share. Oh, look at all the good it does me. Okay, I said you're talking to my server every day. Men 25 to 54. Number one with a 9.7 share. Oh, let's attend, by the way. So I take that back. We didn't make a 10. 9.7. Sorry. Men 35 to 64. 10 a.m. To 2 p.m. Number one with a 10.5 share. Number two is love with a 5.3. We got double the next stage. Oh, not demographic. Here's, uh, adults 25 to 54. Number three in a market with a 6. Oh, we attentive a point behind hot 105. And a little bit behind the life, which is elevator music. And adults 35 to 64. That's men and women. Number one with a 6.6 share. Oh, between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. And 2 bad. We don't have TV. 2 bad for just 2 minutes. We don't have that whammy crap back in. Because here's the graph that fatboard. Look at that. I shop fat boy. Look at that graph. Look at the, look at the dramatic different. There's those four hours that jump right off the goddamn page. Even though we don't count down here because we're not a jackstrap show. Because we're not talking about, you know, the, uh, your bush, Davis and how but she is. And about how they're recruiting from from some high school in, uh, Lima, Ohio or is it finally Ohio, the home of Joe Marsh, Junior, maybe that's where the recruiting from this come in year. You talk about narrow casting. You talk about a neurosis. That's what these people suffer from. Not too unlike Mickey Mantle. They suffer from the roses of the liver. From too many pale gay parties and having no life. From being obsessed with something that ought to be something you're interested in, but not a life. It's not a substitute for a life. Now the Toronto Maple Leaf. Yes, that is a life. That's a whole different, that's a different category. That's not sports. That's a whole different category that most of you could never understand. But nevertheless, they'll be here tomorrow night by the way. Kick a nas. Let's see. Men 25, the 54. Do I dare read these? Because I know because I know we got some people in the morning. So I don't want to mention Defoe with Writhin Skinny gets very insecure. I can't imagine why anybody in this business would be insecure or paranoid. Can you? Yes. Between 9 and 10 am, men 25 to 54 that's our target demo. They've got a 4.0. Okay. Our four hours here, we've got a 9.3, a 10.1, a 9.9, and a 9.5. At tour clock, that goes to a 6.2, which isn't bad, by the way. Not bad. Not stop, liver. At least not the kind of, get it to the arasco. By the way, I didn't realize that was one of Hank Sponsor's arasco. I love the arasco. Well, no, I don't want to be knocking a place if I know if somebody else's sponsor. I heard him talking about that yesterday. I didn't realize that. Man. Why are you laughing? I need to know that. I never knock any other place if somebody else's sponsor. I do? Name me one. Besides that, you placed name me one. Because then I've ever knocked. See, I'm starting to get that infection in here again. Ah, that's got. I'm telling you, there's something in this room. When you people keep laughing at me and laughing. Ah, gag it on it. There's a fungus among us, and it's right in this goddamn room. And that cheap prick-up's there's Greg Reed. He's running around, talking about crap. Where's the story down here this morning? It's just crap. You're on a dollar bank. Oh, don't talk about it. Okay, fine. I wouldn't waste my time talking about it because nobody cares. I don't care. He's an overgrown wannabe jock. You're absolutely correct about that, George. He's an overgrown real of those things. wannabe. Yes, you did. You said he's like a frustrated, the jock of sports wannabe is what he is. That's what you said. You didn't say that? I said he, uh, he's a sports guy. That's what I said. No, you did not say that. You said he's a jackass. You said he's a sports jackhole. Something like that. No, he's not. You already got the bonus money. You don't have to talk around now. You got the contract. George, these are the asshole. Yeah. I haven't got my bonus for this rain. Oh, well, what, let's see. It's February the second. I give it a few months. I give it to the bottom of November. Once the norm is feeling, once the norm is up and around and being a lot stronger, you want to make a few calls. By the way, we're getting some money from whammy. Oh, do you ever careful, even we're suing us? Yeah, we're suing you. Okay. Since you always the money, we're suing you. Okay. Since you always the money, you goofballs. I'll get back to those numbers in that graph in a moment. I do like, how do you like that? The way we stand out here, because I, I hate to break the news here. We're not doing narrow casting on your show. We talk about all kinds of on a show. Not just about some quarterback that's eight years old as playing at the candidate when New York candidate will be a high school. They might play for the dolphins in 20 years. We're not talking about that. Narrow's just of the liver. That's what they suffer from these sports nerds. Don't ever forget it. They're obsessed with that. They're lives are. They're brain-tuned of that. I know that the Lord even loves New York Rogers. The most controversial movie of our time, modern sports seasons, the last temptation of cut, recently became available for home viewing on consent. Religious groups, mid to the release of a film carefully, became outraged on the event of its own distribution. And so, for your spiritual education, and for those who don't have VCRs or the price for the movie ticket, we are proud to present that, plus one, the radio version of modern sports seasons the last temptation of price. Oh, ah, hey, what? But, when I buy a hot stereo? Uh, ah, gee, I better not. Okay. Ah, oh! Getting started with a controversy continues. Two news of a month over a month, modern sports agency, the second-last temptation of price. But, 1150 and a day at 560 WQM, adults 18 plus, I know that these are boring these numbers, but it makes me feel better about my life. Okay, it makes me feel like I may actually have somebody listening out there. Because one book, all by itself doesn't mean that much, because the research is bogus of best. But over a period of time, over 600 years, like I've been on here in this market, it tends to start developing a pattern. Like adults 18 plus, in which is the entire listing audience except for little punky kids, which don't cut. 9 to 10 a.m. we got a 2.4 share. During these four hours, we got a 5.6, a 5.9, a 5.4, a 5.3, which are two o'clock turns to a 2.4. So if you take the 9 to 10 hour and the 2 to 3 hour, and you put it together, that's a 4.8. We still be set by plenty in any one of the hours. How do you like that, huh? And what about that many team plus? Man, this is a sports station, okay? This is supposed to be the magnet, the magnet for all those men out there. Those jogs nippers. The sports shows that are one that you'd have the big numbers in men, right? 9 to 10 a.m. they got a 3.9% in many team plus. We start with a 9.3 share. 9 1 a 3 8. And we want to clock which is 2 o'clock, drops to a 4.5. So if you take the 9 to 10 hour and add it to the 2 to 3 hour, that's 8.4, which in 2 of the hours, we beat them to put together. And on and on it goes, which I don't want to read them all, because maybe it'll embarrass some people, but nevertheless, I mean, I understand they're doing the other thing. They're bringing in plenty of money. The only thing I'm saying is that you get really tired or feeling like the stepchild, like where the outside is here, but when we're the magnet baby, we're the big, gigantic fat, oozing, six thinking magnet on his goddamn radio statement. And we can't get this program director or this engineer or this general manager, or this salesman, whoever the hell the salesman or the week is, didn't do anything for this show. They come down here and they make small talk. They come down here and program director tells us, he's going off to the bar for the afternoon to see the cruise a little bit, whatever he's doing, I don't know what he's doing. Not much, I guess. Here's Carl Spring, Solo. How do we deal? Great. I had a wake up from there morning and just left my head off, a Eugene Robertson's play, being such a hypocrite. Yeah. Looks like you're job a whole lot easier having jokes like this. These people don't get as they do. They don't want to get the story. They pretend they don't understand it. To them, the big story in this town is that we got things out there with the decoy cops, like that's something new. Like that's how about the other 24 guys that got busted. Nobody seems to care about them. No, I just wrote those. I could use a Bible, Bible something. That's a makes it so great. And I'll bet you the other 24 guys weren't a bunch of Bible something. I bet you know, they've got any awards Saturday morning for being the great Christian more leaders that he supposedly is. Oh, it was beautiful. This funny thing. What is it? What is it? All these hypocrites. Yes, it does. They're in God bless you for reporting that out. We have an open line in Broward, two and a day. They're pretty weak today. Man, they got the catch got their tongue. Even the Jews out there. They're going, you know, that's one thing about us Jews. We always want to like hide our head bury our head in the sand and pretend, oh, you know, we got so many problems already. We've been so oppressed. Let's not, you know, let's not the air, our dirty laundry in public. Right. Any reasonable, you ought to be psychotic over this behavior of the so-called these self-styled Orthodox Jews over there in Israel who are wishing the Orthodox Jews from America who aren't hysterical and stoned age enough to suit them, wishing they should only go to Germany and find a safe thing and find an oven they can hop in before it's too late. Nice. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm calling Miami. I'm just calling about this thing this, uh, Atlanta's happened to a pop-off layer. I just find it just totally outrageous, but I'm so happy that he got found out. Yeah. Because I mean, how are you coming around, you know, coming by your all moral and looking for a flow? I mean, like, can we hide the goblin instead and Bob Bar and New King Rich? You mean people like that? Yeah. Uh-huh. And look at what a blow shower is on this table. Number one, how do you know? While his wife is down a street away in a hotel, sitting there cool and her heels are maybe drinking whatever it is she's, you know, with the kids. A slow gin fizz. With the kids. Right. With his two kids. Number one, where does how could tell them how to find this? He's not even from Miami. Yeah. So didn't you hear to go ask around? Probably probably somebody in the hotel who didn't like him told him to go over there. He's an idiot. Probably somebody who was a rocker's fan told him. Did he not think he was not going to get caught? Evidently. Oh, he's an idiot. He's a jackass and a hypocrite and a piece of turd. And I'm so happy you got found out. And have a great day. Are you too far? And then in the Dan Reaves they show yesterday doing the dirty board. You know, they're having their big celebration there in Atlanta. Welcome home to Losers, you know, but they had a big year. It is Dan Reaves, you know, is hard still a one piece. And he's doing the dirty board. And you know, something everybody in America is looking at it and they're saying, He's an asshole. Yeah. I hate to break the news. You're a Danny boy. White guys don't do the dirty board. That's a schvothing. Okay. White guys don't do the dirty board. That's an embarrassing luck. We talked about that weeks ago. Okay. It's sympathetic. But for a white guy to be out there doing the dirty bird. Man. You turn rhymes with. We got open lines in day. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Any advice on this yeast infection thing today so far? Oh, anybody on that? Anybody out there can diagnose an ailment that's been a lingering. No. Any doctors out there that might want to take a chance. Just maybe like an educated guess. No. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Any, how are you? Okay, sir. You know, for someone who has got the greatest ratings of all of South Florida. Why are you so miserable about it? miserable about one. You're just so misery. You know, yeah, great ratings. Well, let me ask you this. Okay, because you sound very, uh, used to use something miserable. You sound very unhappy. Why do you listen to this show? If you don't know, I listen to the show, Neil. How is that? What does the find the point? No, no, how is that that I know? Is this this midget? Which one of the chance hole is this? It's not midget. Which one of the professional ideals of this? What's different? Yeah. Yeah. What's the difference is it's another professional asshole with the life? That's the difference. And since you all started to sound the same, what the, what the, what the, what the, Does the make? This guy's got a problem with me. He's got a problem with life as in not having one. I'm not miserable. I'm just expressing my feelings. That's all that's what they pay me to do. If they were down here and they were taking care of business in this place, I'm, I would, There, I have nothing to say about that. I take God. These people are really on the ball. They're on top of things. First thing out of his mouth yesterday. I'm driving on the handkerchief going on about, uh, where's the promotion plan for this station? We don't have one. And he's absolutely right. Not just me. I mean, you won't hear it from the morning, guys. Because there are a bunch of spinalists jellyfish who are scared of their own shadow. Not to mention lethal, especially. Terrified. And now that I look at these numbers, I think I begin to understand why. Fairly weak. Fairly weak. For a sports station that's male targeted here pretty weak. Men, 18 plus and we're talking about a, an hour with a 3.9 shares. Jesus Christ. And now that Rick and spot us on in the morning, can you wait until this winner book comes out? Oh my God. Even though I'm not a fan here and Rick Riley talk about the stock market of it in, I haven't turned it back on since the second or third day that they were on there. I love saw it, but nevertheless. But I mean, other than that, added, uh, problem there. Can you just even begin to imagine? Oh, I can't. So I'm just telling it the way it is. I'm not miserable. I wish I could get over this thing, this flush that I got whatever it is, which today seems to be a little bit better. But after like seven or eight, we should be a little bit tired of that. He had a little bit tired of having doctors tell you, you don't need me because I'm not going to tell you anything anyway. Look out of a doctor is that. I'm tired of pushing foot and around the edges. Okay. If I'm going to spend my heart, I don't, I don't care how much it is. I have hospitalization insurance because if you go to hospital, it's a lot of money. I don't have medical insurance because, uh, why don't? So I pay my own doctor bills. I have no problem with that. That's my own choice. And I wouldn't care if it was $400 or $4,000. You're health. And if you don't have your health, what do you got? It may sound like a cliche, but it's true. So I'm not<|ko|>ly when it comes to paying doctor bills. But do something for me. You know, make a diagnosis. Make a good guess. Give me an antibiotic. Give me an animal. Give me something. Give me some hope. Give me some idea. Can they do that? No. Give me a chuckle and they put the cow on those on like robber, Williams and snatch atoms, whatever that stupid movie is. And they give me like a good send-off. Hey, Here's your car. Let's see what your car looks like. Looks like a car to me. Nice one. Looks like a car. How about my face? How about my neck? Oh, you live. So you don't start to think I like to use really tow doctor better. He was in alarm. He was a madman. He was taking EKGs. I mean, if you went in there with, if you went in there with a bruise thumb, he would take an EKG. If you had a bruise thumb, if you went to go, he'd take another EKG. He was the all heart doctor because he was praying that he could find something in there to, you know, make a lot of money from. But I think I'd rather have an alarmist than somebody that, ah, you're okay. You don't need me. You don't need anybody. You're going to go home. And a box. Here's plantation. Hello. How are you doing Neil? No, okay, sir. I don't know. This is my favorite part of the Superb Order. No, if you talked about it yesterday, but you know, you have the half time show going on. Everybody's going nuts. And they, a glorious advanced thing. And they bring out Stevie Wonder. And what did you have on the, Yeah, we heard that we had two calls about that yesterday. Sir, it's old news. We have an open line and day one and Broward. Isn't this amazing? This, this is South Florida again. They want to talk about Stevie Wonder. Because he had some silly gold outfit on. Gold, the May I think it was. Saying, Afra Couner, Americana Couner. What about a hell of a set on there? Do I care about that? Oh, we addressed that yesterday. Okay, old news. Sorry, sir. Old news. Thank you. Anyway, thank you very much for your call. Not open line and date. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six. But you saw so miserable. I'm not miserable. I'm just, I'm just expressing the reality of life. And it's place. That's all. That's the way it is. Life could be like my mother's life could be beautiful, but it ain't. Especially when you're in South Florida. But so many losers would somebody dumb people. With so many idiots. With so many idiots. What's up with that? What's up with that? That's what I heard about about the only thing she ever said that made sense. That's right. Now that I think about I'm thinking I'm reaching. Was there anything else that she ever said made sense? No, never. Never in the history of her life. Did she ever say anything else that made even a slight a, I mean, my new come out of sense. The losers would somebody dumb people. With so many idiots. With so many people who can't see before us for his news. Here's like war, hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Well, I want to talk about hi-pop, Rossi, and Mrs. rate this morning. This guy's Eugene is nothing, babies. Do you? Do they have Republicans and Congress. And they keep talking about our lives. Okay. Well, listen. Call us when you get a real phone. Thank you. We have an open line in Barbados. You couldn't afford a real phone. an open line at Broward 560505060 on the AT&T War of the World. I didn't know he was Jewish. Did he say a Eugene Robinson? 26 past a lot of the 560 WQAMs. This is 560. You weigh out. You get stares and stands for nothing. There we come in known to Perva, the new old puns in Patee-Cee. OK! Great to party, hey, you're a child across the USA. What do you go now? What does this I hear? Mr. Crayon Valley who has a bunch of squares again this year who says that I wish to bargards of sea ae-Rish to let the France your gate. If you are, you want the march in a pun thing, how do you say? You can be above the bucket of stones, shawl and that's OK. But you can't be ae-Rish if you do. What do you want to have, Piperanian? Both emanence and gray. I've delivered this pronouncement upon the Blessed Day. Sure, a little bit of heaven, palandas within the sea. What's your going straight to hell for homeless sexuality? Oh, God loves the A-Rish. Mr. Crayon, that was there for now. Sometimes I begin the day. You can be a carnama here. Don't God loves the A-Rish. But you can't be A-Rish if you do. Both L-E-S-V-I-A and F-B-L-S-B-N-O. She was an other women part of me with From devil among can ever get a date with L-E-S-V-I-A and F-B-S-A. It's the shame that the fame won the commos in March with a lesbian, no way. The Puyons like the Kennedy is the day of the century grace. He wants to learn who he depends on the wedding of the green. And when we say up to A-Rish boy, that's what it means. Oh, God loves the A-Rish as long as we're in a man. Rectons, except for the cards. We've never been short of them. You can be sings in drunk and hurling Shumps and laugh at all away. But you can't see A-Rish if you're gay. Oh, you're pan-spin, A-Rish if you're gay. Don't even try A-B and A-Rish if you're gay. No. It's long a 31 at 5.60. W-Q-Y-L-I-S-A-Rish, the day for the A-Rish course, Every day is a great day for the A-Rish because they finally found their potatoes. Now, let me ask you about the potato fan. And what was that all about? Seriously, what was not the big thing And it had been decided to be in drunk most of the time. And the Kennedy wasn't at the big-layer. And of course, the A-Rish kill each other there in Northern Ireland, the Protestants of the Canthletes. What is the other big deal with the A-Rish? I mean, every ethnic group has got their big thing. Most of them, at the... You know, huh? Like the shwart is, they got the NBA. And the Jews, we got all the money, supposedly. And the Cubans, they got... What do they got? Forced, yeah, that's true. It's about it. Here's Miami, hello. Can't go me, oh, hey. Yes, sir. Okay. Well, I can ask my wife, she's Irish, maybe she'll call you. Yeah, what did they got beside the potato famine? No, no, no. And I don't need it to be honest with you. Remember what that was all about? I don't know, but her... Do you know what the potato famine was all about? No, I do. Yeah, when you came right down with another one of those things, we always hear people refer to. But what was the potato famine? It's just on the face of it, it sounds stupid. Well, I don't know. Well, I don't know. They did something, but stars, which is maybe where they are, we've got that pasty look they got, you know? Yeah, they sure do. Really look pasty. Between that and just flowing the ginnis. That might do it. Yeah. Well, it might give them a little flush like I got you, you know, my place. I'm going to have the Super Bowl, though, or bowl, that's how you're going to do. Yeah, it's already. And by the way, the lowest watched, it was the second lowest rating for a Super Bowl game in US history. Only 1972 had a smaller percentage of US homes watching. You know, when I heard about Eugene Robinson, I mean, the guy fits a loser. I heard a few years ago. Yeah. A friend of a friend works for a catering company. She was working a party at a star aisle, and heard they were going to be big stars there. Arnold Schwarzenegger and everything. Wine's up at the Denver Bronco, orgy. Uh, she claimed that hell way was having sex at her feet. He was having sex with her feet. Just after the accuracy. Adherfee with her feet. Yeah. But maybe just into the little scored score on her feet. Yeah. And I'll tell you, this whole thing, the hype and the Super Bowl and this show is, I mean, nothing else going on here. Yeah. And now that it's all gone, you know, they wound up painting. They painted lines and I was dirty road. And I'm coming to work this morning and I'm asking myself, why did they waste the time? Everybody's gone now, you know. Yeah. I mean, we were, the lines were fine before the way they were. They weren't too bad. You could actually make them out. If you look real close. Anyways, maybe Irish know what's thing you're talking about. Like is that my fear? Yeah. Okay. Happy pouring. And back to you. Oh, and by the way, speaking of cocaine, you know, that really bothered me that call yesterday because the guy sounded, see, when I get a goofball never bothers me because a goofball is a goofball. But when somebody comes on the earthy sounds like articulate like he's got his head screwed on straight, you know what I'm talking about? And then he started in that business about what, you know, somebody of your persuasion, you really have to be careful because, you know, the religious right. As though I based my opinions about issues in life based on what somebody else does, you know, I don't give a crap about the religious right. What they think about this or why they're all crazy anyway. But the idea that all of a sudden I better watch my opinions about drugs because they might like that. Like I'm some kind of a supporter of drugs. Let me say it again, sir. cocaine is bad, bad. And those of you who are doing it, which I guarantee we've got plenty of people of this audience who are doing a few lines right now, by the way, you're dealing with serious crap. Say I know this comes as a great shock, Virginia, but nobody goes out and robes a 711 store, holds up a liquor store, kills anybody because they need money to buy marijuana or hash. Huh? I know, sir, I know that comes as a tremendous shock, especially if you've been exposed to this re-fermedness that's so prevalent in this country. But people who are hooked on that white powder, and especially people that are hooked on that crack cocaine on those rocks, they have this predilection of going out there and becoming all consumed and obsessed with getting it. And if they don't have the money to get it, then they find a way to get the money with which to get it. You follow what I'm saying? Uh-huh. I think you do. So you people out there that think that cocaine is, you know, his comment about recreational drugs. You know, he was just using recreational drugs and L.T. Whatever we're talking about. Recreational, my ass. I don't give a crap what you're doing if it doesn't affect anybody else. But there are a hell of a lot of people. There are millions of people in this country who are doing cocaine. Just ask Robert Downey Jr. How is he doing in your favorite Christian Slater? That's scumbag. That piece of walking turd. So we're not just talking about people in the ghetto. We're talking about a lot of people that have too much money. Don't know what to do with it. Like my old friend Johnny Depp, who's here to do real scumbag. We've got the busted again in London yesterday for acting up. What are however penises doing by the way, Johnny's nightclub? Anybody seen him lately? No. So the idea that because you're liberal because you're, you know, against these idiotic Arcade marijuana law, and suddenly that makes you into some kind of a an embrace of drugs, sir, you need serious help. You need serious ass assistance. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Neil. This is Mike Kakeh on the Eugene Robbins thing. Anybody who frequents these areas of prostitution knows that anyone of those girls down that area, they look good. Stay away. If a cop. If they were a cop, they're like, oh, but on that point, I mean, how would he know he do not be living here? You understand? That's the thing. Somebody should hit them off. They just, if they, I'm telling those cops, they look too good. You got to go for the ones that are under a hundred pounds. Thank you. And the ones that are under a hundred pounds probably, uh, money, probably, they're giving something for a no charge. We have an open line of day two and a grower. We're at five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Yes, I do a Rogers engine one. Could you ask? How are you doing Rogers? Yeah, I do. Rogers, you call people by their last name, sir? Yes, sir. How about Mr. Rogers to use, sir? I'm Mr. Rogers. Yes. I just wanted to go to a residence in the show, and you complain about woman earlier, you know, how complainin' all that? Well, you're complaining a lot more. About women are complaining when did I say that? Yeah, you can say about women that they're always pitching. No, I did not. I never said that, sir. You must be having, are you having hot flashes that would I just say you're hallucinating? No, no. I was hearing that you're... No, you know, sir. I never said anything about women complaining. I was talking about the one time I even mentioned women today was about the fact that women are being discriminated against by the Orthodox Jews in Israel. They want to keep them out. That's the only time I even mentioned anything about women as they glance at people, sir. Do you understand that? Do you have a grasp on that? Do you have a death of a problem? Yeah, but that's what? That's a problem. So what does that have to do with the price of peanuts, okay, sir? Go give Iliana Rosalade to the big kiss on the post, okay? We have two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. See what he's really trying to say? What he's really trying to get madacon, madacon, madacon, you are the biggest one-note Charlie's I have ever seen in my life. You little Julio's you, that's all you know, man. That's all you know, and I understand when you're upset when you have all these guilt feelings about your own natural sex impulses, I understand that. Then you have to take it out on somebody else. Because that's the diversionary tactic. It's always the one, you know, the closet one, just like a Bob Livingston in Bob Bar, always the one with the skeletons in their closet, who's the first to scream the loudest, ah, pervert, yeah. And how many families you break enough? Like how many broads you screw in, and Bob Livingston, by the way, we never really got a number, so many that we couldn't keep track. All these dalleances that he had outside his marriage, which I'm not knocking. That's his business, but don't be a goddamn hypocrite. All you, uh, madacon is grandest. With your bullcraft, with your grandmire, the grandmire, that's the big pile. Two open lines a day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, and pound, five, sixty, and pound, five, sixty, on the AT&T Rottles line, twenty-till-noted, two-way-in. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. It can strike any of us. Shut, shut, shut. It's a tragedy of sexual stuttering. Shut, shut, shut. You're flustered, you, and it infuriates the guy in the Applied Center next door. Shut, shut, shut. Would you say you same already? You're thinking he kicked over here! The sexual stuttering is flicks you, take heart. Shut, shut, shut. I said it, shut. I'm sure my name is Bob. To get on the road to recovery, call the sexual stuttering hotline, and 1-800-0-0-0-0-0. Shut, out! It's 70-0. No, it's 5-60-W-G-Q-A-M. I was just thinking he owed her the break. The hatering has our program director ever addressed any of the other problems, technical or otherwise, and the answer is, you know what he's doing? He's upstairs addressing envelopes. That's what he's addressing. With difficulty, by the way. We have two open lines in date, 5-6705-60, 5-660, 5-660, on the 18-2-W-Line. How about some information about the guy named Houston Fiction here today, huh? How about some good side effects of some chronic grotesque diseases, huh? Like some kind of bacterial infection. Like some kind of gross thing from outer space. I mean, we might as well do self diagnosis because the doctor's in the town, they couldn't diagnose a guy named Blister on your finger. Here's four-laterdial, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I caught about a month ago, told you I left 35 pounds, smoking crack, I'm up to 41 pounds. I'm high up, crack this. Open line at Broward 3 and date, 5-6705-60 and pound-5-60 on the 18-2-W-Line. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdial, hello. So, is to you, Eugene Robinson, heaven can't be found down on this game, a failure pain, what's that just said? Eugene Robinson, 40 bucks is such a deal for you. Oh, no. Great show now, keep it going. Good start, okay, work on it, and the song too. Okay, one line left on a board there, and that's it. One call left on there. Here's Debbie, can I play the Superman bit, okay, I'll work on it, Debbie, and the bit too. The facts is me a thing here about another sarcastic article written by the New York Daily News in the sports column about Miami and about what a joke this place is. It says, perhaps the best media moment was when the Miami Harold and one of its, I can't read the bad facts. Unending special Super Bowl sections, prompted the game between Denver and Minnesota. Oh, no. It says the Harold had it just right. It's a big frat party, it really doesn't matter who's playing anyway. That's right. It's not a ball game. It's just another week to get drunk. What it is. 560, 50560 on the AT&T Wireless line, Hank will be here with two. We got the boost. Let's schedule out there. I can't make heads or tails. Booster talking baseball, which makes a lot of sense. Just a clock at the shoes. And then it says till eight till eight. And then it says, Eddie K from 930 till or whenever. What do we have any idea what's on between 8 930? No. Dead air. Okay. Well, we should be used to that by now after last week. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, you 28 street in this game. That's 20 second in this game. 20 second. That's just as bad. Yeah. Oh, my. What was he looking for? I mean, if he found it. He found it. And guys, I can't. He's saying, you know, it's an indiscretion. I look these sports guys on the wrist. This is this is the first thing that it's an indiscretion. Yeah. Yeah. It's not the first time for guys like him. But the tenement, but again, it's not the point. I don't be grudgy. I go now looking to get laid. But the fact is here is a guy who has set himself up as being a holder of the now, who's quote from the Bible, who's the prophet, who just got an award set or any more. I mean, this story is it's like a big elephant walking into your living room. And these guys still can't see it yet. Right. You know, that was wrong with them. They're all just hypocrites. And with their men made by we, you know, such as God in the religion and all this other nonsense, there's no mention we approve of dinosaurs. I guess all these religious nuts. What about that dinosaurs? So that's part of that, uh, Comic conspiracy. You know, oh, oh, yeah, that's right. Those comic scientists. That's right. That's like carbon dating. It's just another comic conspiracy. Thanks, Neil. Am I a great day. Another even, uh, bunch of bull crap is what that is, right? Right. Open line at Broward. Four hundred and eight five six seven. Oh, five sixty pump. Five sixty on the AT&T wildest line. See, actually, we would have, like, bigger numbers in the Hispanic crowd. I mean, we'd have more response to the county if they were able of this, saying something more than just not a con, not a con, not a con, not a con, but a con, but a con, but a con, but a con, but a ton, all those other 10 words that we used to, you know, go to the old, okay? That's it. Like a stuck record. And I think you guys ought to stop calling yourselves names. Just accepted have a good time. Have a great life in that go with it. That's all. And maybe one day, sedanals will roll back the prices. Here's a mobile in four-later day. Hello. Mobile in four-later day. Yes, sir. Hello? I'm speaking. Are you speaking? I need all I do. Okay. Good. I can, I can, I can, I can, I'm still driving on 75. I'm, oh, oh, oh, my way back to four-later day. Um, a little, uh, a little question to ask you. Or not really question to ask you to do a little statement. My parents were coming down a couple months ago. And, um, you know, they run a car from the, uh, from the airport over there. They give you the directions on the map. And they tell you the areas where you need to stay away from. Yeah. And what are the areas that have most, most of the town is shaded in their, like, stay away from here. Right. Right. But on this King Boulevard, and it says in the area even prostitution on the map itself, where it says prostitution. And it's in red, and it's in black, it's in white, yank, and it's in the, it's in the red area yourself. Yeah. That's where you in between probably that area where he was at. Yeah. Well, that's what, that's what my parents did that before. And they were telling me that was, that was one of the, that was one of the areas that was on there. At the map. And I heard your, I heard your, I heard your, look at for that information. I'm, I'm telling you that all the areas on the map are marked, do not go there. Stay there, how the way. Okay. Okay. So what's guys, you question? Seriously. So that man had, like, even a inkling of a sense of humor. No. I mean, like, a little teeny, like a shred, like one fiber of a sense of humor. No. No. What was that a conversation? No. Was that like an exchange? Was that like a piece of verbal intercourse? No. Two open lines in day five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Come on. Let's hear from some, spit today, god damn it. Come out of the closet wherever you are and contribute your two or three words. I'll, we don't need this to hear Iliana Ross, lighten and over and over again with all her bullcraft. With all that hypocritical swill. The has to go have her in her daughter's picture made with a president after he gets that Rousing of Asian after the state of the union address. Here she's trying to drum his ass out of office that hypocritical bitch that she is. And she's got to get her picture made. Fony, funny, pandering, bitch. She, you know something, she's such a piece of turrets. She oughta get a job at the herald. That's what she deserves. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not a spick, but I'm a knick and I like to tell you what the Irish repayment for. What about that potato fan? What can you tell us about that, sir? I'm sorry. Before I go into that, yeah. Yeah. I received the oldest existing buildings on earth. About one or two thousand years older than the pyramid. And they're, you're going to love this when they're responsible for saving the prison religion. The Irish had the oldest buildings on earth even older than those buildings in Rome like the Colosseum. Yep. Yep. Older than pyramid. Yeah. Also they say the Christian religious. Yeah. And also the potato famine. Yeah. It was a Jew conspiracy. Yeah. That's it. That's all I got. What about the riots? What about all the riots? What does that tell you when you, you know, when you're a drunken knick? What does that tell you? Open ironed grower in one in date, five six seven or five. See drunken knick that's like, you know, repetitive redundant. Like, like, spick. Exactly. Like, who do you want to call him? No him? Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, you do it. Okay. Okay. Well, I've that's what I'm talking about. My name is Bill. I've like done by you do arts in New York. Come on in with you and your friends. On me. What, what is it? If you're working on your right next to Pineau, we will have done a 17 tree car'sway. We have great food there. Well, what, what, what, what, what? Next time as am at the panter game. Well, when you're done, you want some meat? We're home to a place like that. But, but Bill, I hate to break the loosey. I live like 10 blocks away from the arena. And the arena is way out there in West Brown, and you're on the 17th street causeway and after the panther game I would go over to the 17th street causeway for something to eat it so in other words build you try to get a little free plug here is that what you're looking for I'm gonna send you some food send me some food to wear you know where the station is yes we know where the station is yeah what are you gonna send me build another redduck the accc said you want to get a free plug why don't you just say that bill you'd like to use this show to get a free plug I have no problem with that we're gonna send you what would you like for lunch for lunch ran tomorrow what are you got anything you want what are you got salmon I hate salmon I don't need fish I can't stand fish just a thought of it makes me want a puke chicken sandwiches steak whatever you want name it whoever chef make it for you no we have an open line at Broward one in date five six seven what are you what are you slanting about I don't want anything that he's got his on the 17th Emascon must be desperate after the panther game I'm gonna go on a 17th street cause way what is that about 25 minutes for my house that that would be how about if I go down the homestead first neck after the panther game man I feel sorry I'll take up a collection for poor Billy sounds like he's having a tough time of it sounds like things are really hard I don't want no food okay what I want is a doctor I want a real honest to God not that's the thing is so bad today but it just doesn't go away it's lingering it's lingering I'm not concerned that it's something maybe it's allergies maybe it's like some kind of a viral infection like low grade maybe it's a leprosy I don't know but I like after seven or eight weeks of it and every now and then we hear from somebody it says oh I don't know I've had this for like four months and five months I'm not one of those people at once to have something that's annoying and irritating for four or five months you know what I'm saying no a doctor who actually can do whatever testing it takes to get a diagnosis and then give you something even if it's a wolf's a brand whatever it takes to alleviate the situation I know in Florida that's a novelty maybe in the US it's a novelty because you know the way medical practices in this country that's the American way they got a bunch of little cubicles and they sit you in there and they make you wait and you wait and you wait and you look at your watch and you pick your nose and you scratch your ass and you wait and they come in and they give you a lick and a shamer and I do mean a lick and a shamer and you're out of there here's the bill here's a bag of stuff go home and the feel better next that's American medical practice they don't even give you enough time to finish the sentence of telling that what what do you know what these symptoms are that's why I still have that line about you know the guy goes into the doctor says hey doc how do I feel that that's the greatest that's it that's American medical practice for you oh you're fine you don't need me no I need somebody it's gonna tell me something you're right I don't need you I need somebody it's gonna tell me something tangible that's gonna do something that's gonna actually perform some kind of something something even a lobotomy sounds good at this point especially when you work for Greg Reed you need a lobotomy and you're right he is a pus now why why do you get so embarrassed why I say that you can book up now you're your save you got a deal you got a contract you're not going anywhere yeah the contract says they can fire me for a little bit he's a pus okay don't how's that they can fire me through the clock how about how about just dumb dumb he's dumb he knows nothing sports guy he was he's a sports nerd is what you said he's obsessed with he's silly with a spiel silly sports crap even we got the thanks to Jeff high who's my best close personal friend we got all this this tax can stuff here from the rating we're like we're not just I and when I look at this you look at the page and it just astonishes you like there must be something amazing going on on the station between ten and two every day you look at this chart here's this big things sticking up in a year yeah there's a big thing that's right sticking right up in a year right there in a middle of the page right in a middle of the day in those four hours just zooming way up it looks like a ratings Viagra pill that's right straight up an year and they still don't get it we're still like oh you know we need him to get the numbers up and get that money in it but he's such a pain in the ass we like to sports stuff we want to get more of that sports stuff I've been talking about you know Rutgers and Temple and all these other girl schools vassor all this other direct all this pure unadulterated total bull yeah that's what makes this place go and there are the only people like it in the assist we got like me and George that's it now that the poor Joe Costello he's got only was what he's doing probably hiding in a closet up there so they don't find them in between pay days so there's two people working on this show every other show in his station got 75 people working on a goddamn show which we discovered last week must do our astonishment and quite frankly it looks to me if I'm looking on his pay if I'm reading this right they may be under achieving or based on the based on what they're talking about they may be over achieving when you come right down to it oh yeah but don't confuse the man upstairs with it because he's the sports guy he's uh yeah I may seem feel like a real man and if you look at that haircut I think you can understand why it's 1157 and 560 QAF but that's not chicken in the chicken town man seems to me I ordered Sweden's hour post but Garfield's on my form it's parent here on my form there's a cat in the kettle at the teaching room the place that I eat every day at noon they can feed the cat and everyone knows what they're out there oh right I am real quicksandow challenge asked if I wanted more as he was dialing up his body at the old that's done sitting on today I lost my appetite let's do cats in my belly and they want the place I was sucking on a roll it and the thumbs are too when I swear I heard it mute and that is when I knew oh there's a cat in the kettle at the teaching room think I got a spot even there at noon they say that it's beef ball to show up but it's parent there on my form there's a hairball on my form come on to a five sixty WQAM I'll tell you one thing if I were one of this guy named join I'd be down here and I have my lips firmly planted on the arangers back home and I'd take a look at these numbers the goddamn messiah has come here to lift them out of the door rooms when we were supposed to be there big ball dolphin booked it at work didn't work no no lifted them from the depths of the spare they ought to be down there kissing and said I give it a son excuse for everything we ask like getting the guy to invite him up there so the people on the hook and hear something is that like a major request to anybody in the world be able to do that like a real radio station ask for the most miniscule the most marginal little things and it's like a wow you know we got a program director who's got excuses that haven't been invented yet by anybody in human race and the reason that we got the numbers from jf high by the way our great fat sales guy which I'm starting to like him a lot better say there's something about you you don't understand he's not going to create any problem for us he's going to create problems for them and you know something they deserve it but he'll do stuff like this for us because you want to ingratiate himself don't you understand you know that by now until it starts bringing clients in on a question I don't I don't care what we do is kicked him out start growing up for about that when he brought the food in that time from that time joint well I'm going to I'm thinking of the one that the pizza joint would pop you know he told you to be the old people of actor he was told not he was told specifically do not bring them and I will not endorse their crappy restaurant do not bring that food in here what was that the pizza add a or something like that that's what it was that was a lot that they had a change it from that that's right used to be the pasta off the beginning of the jiff co-in force of the change it because they were trying to rip off the pizza law thing and then it became something else and I told them no we will not eat food from there and we're not going to be try a good post for the jiff co-in he's got that smart me I heard you and it was awful fingernails we won't do that and he still has them show up and did we need to food no no did we no no we said it back we said it said the ticket next door ticket to channel 7 they deserve each other you know match made in heaven take it over to Rick's Santa's mom squad over the bag here's Miami hello yes sir happy to date to you sir he's having up a two years and just to the same day the same piece of crap actually yeah I know but I have to get out of Miami for a while where'd you go I went to Delaware Delaware where? Delaware? yeah yeah I go same centimeter oh I see so now back in Miami well I'm gonna think about Delaware at least it's close to like real living and breathing places like Philly and New York and stuff like that yeah it's a night and they're quite honest people and they're dealing with the cocaine also right it's a good place to be haha I just got on I got to say hello and everything you know see how do my favorite uh do I see a set tag and can I call somewhere to be yeah and I know you're a douchebag and a specter okay see if I we have an open line of day five six what are we going to do about the specs in this town you know how we're going to loosen them up a little bit make them stop being so glad they're not tight see I've made a bad mistake over all these years haven't seen it's the old fix where the problem no they're just part of the problem the youngest fix was some day will be playing dominoes in dominoe park they're uh you know they're equally a part of the problem because they're trying to emulate poppy and the mama's eat that that's the problem even easy to make it down here they don't know from poppy you know the good stuff they don't know that crap get with it get with a program loosen up a little bit okay stop being so appetite about the fact that everybody knows that you will you know you're horny it's wrong with that you're repressed you're Catholic you should be horny we have no problem with that especially if you look good here's cutlery hello hey Neil yes sir um just want to change uh courses on you a little bit go ahead what's uh what's your show man I keep it on this audience whatever you want you know that bit replay it it's a buffalo bill all of these things oh i was thinking of H Wayne hunting and I'm with the i i just can't stand it my will do not give him one penny out of my pocket yeah and uh word uh buffalo I want skin resurfacing I want the hairplugs on body contouring all of these things yeah all of these things all of these things all of these things all of these things if i had a way in the money yeah i would be the best looking dude i get all those popmarks they did off i have hairplugs but look at it this way yeah when you got 1.7 billion you don't give a crap what anybody thinks about how you look you gotta look at that ugly face in the mirror everything you know he doesn't care that's scary i know something if i had one point so which i don't i still look at it a real ugly face in the mirror every morning i still look like crap doesn't bother me i'm still doing okay there you go hey Neil can i try for a cart yeah i got some for you ready all of these things there you go the power of Neil composure the power of Neil composure okay what do you think two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pomp i see come on i want to hear from some jews today god damn it i wasted all my time and being in the show at a boring story from the front page you were here all this morning about these crazy orthodox jews over there in israel condemning american jews because they're letting women participate they're even squeezing the Torah a little bit and as usual the jews just hiding under the pillow color let's know what it's safe let us know when to come out these orthodox men these real i'm talking about the super orthodox are the super crazy as you go up the ladder as you get more and more orthodox is you get more and more these uh crazy crazy super religious in any uh second any religion the crazy they are and the more intolerant they are in the more sourced they uh and of course they don't even know what are real home and touches by the way your thoughts no the orthodox jews just with poor and come on up on his poor and by the way for more year one should be under the thought of that killing it's not we got a glacier calendar at the point those wrong with his place you should certainly know that this place is run by goi and when you got a calendar back there there doesn't even have poor amount of for Christ's sakes but the orthodox they think that those little hard triangular the little hard ones are the real hard those are those are for goi and those are not real home and touch the real ones are the big soft poppy seed you know the brown with the apoppy seeds inside oh god and i wouldn't be surprised if our friends from pasty lane bakery is not the place i'm already thinking about you guys so i'm at the hockey game if you want to go i wouldn't be surprised if our good friends from pasty lane bakery are getting ready with those home and touch and perform this year that's when it pays to be jewish is when you go into the pickled barrel up there in the Toronto you sit down in your order kishki and that bag lady comes in and you talk her with it see she thinks she's converting me i can burn in her like that i made her a killing area jew because she was eating kishki right there and loved it was looking a goddamn plate did we get a call on poor me at one of these what is what is with the jewishness audience did they go on strike is that the problem give me the squeezing their sit this two tight this morning two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line can't even find out when the poor are miscarried okay so it's March second is poor my can't believe it at the point she's this christley got a way to month of from today before we get those great home and touch and far more friend it pays to be late bakery hand-picked hot god i don't think i'm going to make it i'm polishing over here we have an open line in date one and groward five six seven five sixty by the way the book shambi show will be six to ten tonight little error there by a program director can't even get the schedule straight enough see i can deal with him in one of two ways those are the only ways i i can either just basically ignore him and when he comes down here like you did this morning just ah you know just kind of nod your head and and just ignore him or i can you know scream and you're like hang those with him and abuse him and be ready and carry on like a maniac which all i've got to do is get my blood pressure up it's not good for my health and he's still going to be a piece of worthless crap so what's the point is there any choice no i just diggorn where we go and here's a mobile in four lotterdale hello Neil yes sir are you doing man okay i heard you talking about yeast infections or a little while back you know how a man gets rid of a yeast infection he's supposed to dip your penis yeah uh in your own back oh yeah wow open line a day one and groward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's Margie hello Margie yes sir i'm serious excuse me what's I mean my peanut verse I want you thanks the only place i would ever go when i have a serious problem and i'm i don't have a serious problem i don't think well you can't give it a bit so to me that's like a problem nagging lingering problem right the doctors up here just won't get it go to Jackson Memorial oh my god oh no if you never know it's right i've been there they have doctors that really care there yeah and the teachers they know what's going on no well i'm disagree with the they maybe they know what's going on but i'm just telling them not going there well it's not a pleasure place but no it's not a good place where they have people like lying in a hallway like you don't go I mean they got Haitians made you know popping babies out in a hallway you know that's good serious you don't go to the hospital you go to the doctor often building you don't have to go to the hospital and believe me it's a whole different world no and they care and they'll find out what's wrong with you no okay i'm just telling you thanks anyway no no i will not go to Jackson under any circumstance no we have an open line of day one and bro i mean i live in plantation you think that maybe it's possible when you live in plantation florida defied a medical practitioner who lives within a hundred miles of your residents that you might go to and know something is that possible no and this guy wants me to go to Jackson like the guy wants me to go to for lottery of the 17th street causeway for a sandwich after the hockey game these people are sort of viable get the guy with a butterfly net seriously these people need to be put away in a rubber room to be cooled out for a little while crazy people here's a mobile in hialia hello hello yes sir hey near i go okay and just want to say you're a new national yeah okay thank you there's there's our spit contribution for this hour open line in bro at two in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one life yeah i'm the asshole you're living in a highly a man who's the asshole here's my me be chillin yes sir here's my two come contribution you know god yes okay i'm hi you know i'm going to talk to that uh that is your situation yeah i was reading that in the paper and i was in sense i was like uh you were doing incense i wasn't doing incense no i would do something else um i i was like i was reading this and i said i go to temple every day i'm i orthodox i don't wear one of them damn freaking you're not orthodox but you go to temple every day that's right i go to make for what because i i go to make a minion because sometimes the people think uh thing the mourners caught as they need to make a full amenion that's right but you have to be kidding me no i feel like what is it like a hobby i'm a good kid whatever whatever we'll just leave it at that but uh no you're not a good kid you're you're off your rocker you're right all your time that's what my that's what my bovie my day to stay um but let me tell you why are you going every day of your life it's a hot meal it's 20 minutes it's 20 minutes what the hell I mean i'm in school what's the big deal what's the big deal but anyways i wanted to talk to you about it because uh oh i just i just met in orthodox and i happen to to like to score a lot and we were told it's the first that we start talking about this stuff let me tell you something if one of these rabbis came up to me and told me not to go to the wall i would seriously have a hard time not putting one of them right on their back but that's not you why i called you you still there yeah i'm here i'm here i the reason i called last night i'm listening to the a bovster and uh somebody calls from Chicago and talking about oh bro you got a good show and it's not but he's like all that neologic show and he's like wow it's a great show you know the bovster what what what what man neologic show is a great show he said yeah he said it's the bovies like i like your show bovies like you're a show bovies like you're talking about you're doing a super bovies yeah you probably listen to over the internet or whatever okay he's like oh you it's a great show you know that's a maddie and you know bovster because yeah he's a good comedy show i don't know when did when did you go from being coming up talk show to comedian i don't know to understand you're involved in fourth nerds on this station this has to be a comedy show this has to be said we're just like a little diversion here to break up the day don't you get it just because you're funny and i do appreciate your humor yeah you're still a journalist to me and you're journal i'm a journal is yeah and can i can i can i know you're journal is and i call someone to do a spec look at the mirror pal don't stop going to show every day i'm begging oh okay i will but can i call someone to do a show go to wolfies get get yourself a vestromatial, really good being doing. I know a lot better, okay? I love you, come to my way. I'm a rascal house, please. Don't book something, you're at first bag. Okay. And then one chair would go you two by the way. We have two open lines in Broward one in date, five six seven. I mean, comedy is definitely not the boogs bag. You know what I'm saying? Not a funny guy. Look at him, yes, but not, I mean, just not a humorous guy. Good guy. I mean, you know, in small doses, he's okay. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. How you doing today, Neil? Okay, sir. I got one quick question for you. I'm not yet as far as you say what I believe to be some yetish words on there for a month. One of them is something like cocktail hoist. No, that's Russian. That's Russian. Uh-huh. Is that a penis crane? No. I thought that. How come you're out here? Everything that we say on a show is something to do with penis. You guys got penis on the brain? No, I just sounded as though that maybe what is written reference. The Russian, Russian, Russian sir. And what does it mean? Cossough hoist? Yeah. It means heaven, I see. Rourage open 560, 50560, pound 560. So when you meet somebody you really like a deal of the conversation, say, cossough hoist and just kind of walk away. 560, 50560 and pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Let's talk about a real kind of like Toronto. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, right tomorrow, to the micro-lin-off. If they come past their boat. Yeah. What do you know about Toronto sir? Sir. Do you know where to fight it on the map? If you look down in your crotch, do you know where to fight it? No. Okay, we have an open line in the date and one in Broward. 560, 50560 on a mobile one line. So sad. All these profile little people that have never been north of Palm Beach County. So terribly sad. Never been anywhere. Their entire existence is in this little narrow in this tiny little spot on the map. There's a little spick, a speck on the map. Here's homestead, hello. Neil. Yes sir. What's up, my nigga? How you doing? Okay. So I think you to find out. Straight up. That your show is kicking me. All these youngsters out here, man. We listen to you, man. We just trip out with you, man. Come on. So straight up, bangin baby. Okay, bang this. Okay, we have an open line in Broward, all three in date. 560, 50560, Palm 560 on a mobile one line. If you had any doubts about the rampant drug problems in this town, do you have any left after this show today? Oh, none. None. Mobile in for a lot of deal, hello. Hi Neil. Hi. Okay sir. Much of the time, a couple of months ago, at a or a temple mince club, we had a rep from the Israeli embassy. Yeah, and he said that one day there will be peace in Israel between the Jews and the Arabs. Yeah, sure. And the same thing. Just like one day there will be peace in Northern Ireland too. He said, we're not so worried about that. We're worried about the ultra-war. He said ultra-warthedops. They will bring down Israel. And because of that, there are now secular Jews in Israel. There's reform, conservatives, orthodox ultra-warthedops, and secular. And true in every town, right? That means they can eat a lot of furniture books. Uh-huh. And he said it's going to be the ultra-warthedops that bring down Judaism in Israel. Not the Arabs. They're trying to pay for an off-е. Well, the fanatical Arabs are no crazy than the fanatical orthodox Jews. They're the match made in heaven. They deserve each other because you're in a bed box. They're trying to make sure they don't both go up and up. Exactly. Thank you very much. And Cox'll hoist. Yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. We have an open line of Broward to a day. 560, 505, 60, Pont5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, man. What's up, isn't it? How are you doing, sir? Yeah, I'm doing alright. Hey, what's with that guy? I can't wait that guy. He's like, putting down orthodox Jews. What he said he goes to temple every day. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I mean, I don't know. Talk about the popcorn and the kettle of Jewish. I mean, what that was that? To go every day of his life, this kid died because of his death. But he's good kid. I think he needs mental health myself. If they need a minion, so he's going to sit there and like he's wailing on it. Well, for what? He's a good, I think he's like a fat young orthodox girl's maybe a guy. That'd be a good idea. Or maybe yeah, orthodox guys, that could be it. Hey, listen, I just wanted to say, yeah, um, I don't know if you didn't know this on the Super Bowl, the whole Super Bowl coverage. I don't know, right? Sure, I didn't know. I didn't watch any of it. I was not here. I was not in town. I didn't see any of it. I'm excited. I don't know if I'm in a good mood. I don't know if I'm in a good mood. Let me just say one thing, lab observation. This town is like so embarrassing, I think, when they have things like this down here, because there's like, they don't really have anything to offer, but they make it to party to big party town. That's what it is. Oh, you go. I know this comes as a great shock to a lot of these very peripheral people. You can go to any major city in America, get slashed out of your mind. No, I know. A lot of bum fork towns in the middle of nowhere. You can go to Lee Roy, New York, find a fun bar, get yourself plastic out of your mind. The idea that a bunch of people are running around with a bunch of parties getting made. That doesn't mean it's a great town. They're like, yeah, they're like, that's what we have to offer. That's like New Orleans, okay, which is like the sewer of the universe. One of the most anxious places I've ever said for my life, and because they're known for bars and parties and drunk on top of people, it's an open container. Right, exactly right. Therefore, it's a wonderful great place. And I'm actually John Valjohn, how I'm in the sewer is there were more appetizing than New Orleans. Yeah, but this thing is just a film about it and they're just coming to just trying to make out like a such a great place. So exciting. But really, whatever scene, they see was well, it was nice and warm. The weather was good. But the party very much believe it all your money behind is what we said. Thank you. We have an open line at Broward, all three in day. The cats got their tongue again to the real struggle again here. It's only Tuesday as we continue struggling, fighting the good fight like the struggling lady said years ago. You're struggling, you're struggling, and we're saying, oh, yeah, you're right, honey. We're struggling. We're fighting. We're swimming upstream. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Portrait Lucy, hello. Hey, near are you Ben? Okay, sir. Hey, yeah, you know what? Love Dr. Gopin. The one? The Lord Dr. Gopin, you haven't heard of my Ben? No. No. Oh, they're still in your show. Yeah. They got all your things, little bad evidence. Yeah. Oh, this is why I tell you that. Okay, thanks for the good news. That'll keep at least Greg got something to do up there in Portrait Lucy. That's good. We have an open line in Broward, 600 in Dane. Five. Come on. Let's get the specs on the phone here today. Come on. Let's hear your contribution to mankind. Let's hear what it's all about. Let's get with it. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Let's see what they're into today. Be slightly on the Ross late minutes and domino park and cockpies. Let's hear about something important. Be side metacone, metacone, metacone. Get a new song. Get a new deal, okay? Even after you are got a new deal. You can do it too. It's not too late. Wake up and stuff the daffodils, okay? Man. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, guys. Yes sir. Speak listener. Non-Homal's promo for the 15 year list. All right. Anyway, Neil, a couple of things. You know, I'm coming from work yesterday on I-95. I got stopped by FH, pig. The kids, P does fantastic take by the way. For now, we're in, they were pulling people on Neil. No BS now. Pulling people to the side of the road. We're not wearing the seatbelt. I got a ticket for that. Oh my God. How can they do that? I thought they can only do that if they got some other violation. No sir. I don't know. I'm going to take it up with a cop front of mine. But that's exactly what happened, which is ridiculous. I mean, it's kind of sick. Did you guys hear, I'm sorry. I was out on the road. But did you mention the little incident in the highly police department yesterday? No. The one that transporting coke. Well, that's right. I saw that on news last time. You want to shame. Oh, God. That's right. This guy was transporting it in the kind of police vehicle. I'm going to leave it. Huh? Part of the course. Well, you know about his son too, right? No. You know Mr. Belatin. But like cheap Bolanios. I don't know nothing about highway. The only thing I know is that the group ball mayor they got. They got their back in. They got a big cheater too. Yeah. And his two little boys are up at 12 officers. Yeah. And they have a little incident where a little bit too much. Of course, you know what I mean? They put on the gloves and stuff like that. Yeah. So highly attracted and laid it on and you know what I mean. You're a people. I rest my case. Can't it can't get through the entire phone call without that. Can't can't. And then, you know, I rest my case. That's what they have on their mind. Okay. Being a thing. That's what the human guys got on their mind. And this guy's a proof of it. Wow. Woof. No wonder the number one hobby is those cockpights. Open line and Howard 560 560 560 on a mobile one line 27 after noon at QAM where we continue learning new and disastrous things every day about our community about the place in which we live. In fact, you know something when I wake up in the morning. I think about the place in which I live. I think. Damn it. Meow. Yaaah. To your kids. Hey, fast. Alright guys, I'm gonna give it a fast time. I said turn off the TV. Hey, I'm gonna. Hey, kids, you're ready for the net bathroom now. Who are you? I'm Mr. Pobber. The new bubble bath. But kids, they give their mama a hard time. Mr. Pobber. Mr. Pobber. Yeah, Mr. Pobber. No, it's joking that's so bad. Jump on me with you. It's so bad. When the kids cop a dude, call Mr. Pobber. You need to knock down Mr. Pobber. You're coming out to you all. We go up like a fool. Now, wash behind your ears again. Oh, thank Mr. Pobber. Mr. Pobber. When he gets down, your kids get clean. And now, try to do with the Mr. Pobber. Hey, Mr. Pobber. Hey, Mr. Pobber. Ooh. How pretty to have five 60 WCM? By the way, speaking of Pobber, do you hear what Bernie Jordan said this morning? I don't give a sh** me more. We have an open line of day. 560, 505, 60, and pump 560 on a mobile one line. Now, give me time. I see our program, director. I should say. I don't give a sh** me more. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I knew I listened to you for a long time, but I just kind of like to offer this. I think a lot of the things besides bars were filled with tourists this weekend. I mean, you had all your golf courses were packed out. Wow. All the golf courses were packed. I'm pretty impressed with that. Well, I mean, you know, 125 dollars a pop. That puts a lot of money in the box. Oh, no. I just got through saying they left a lot of money here. We're glad to have the money. That's what I say. And being an Anglo-Its. But that does mean that there's a lot to do here because there's a lot of golf courses because the weather is good. I mean, what does that mean? Well, I mean, what do you do anywhere else? I mean, you can see. The weather is good in Mexico City too, but I don't think I want to go there. Yeah, I wouldn't know what cultural. Well, whether it's probably pretty good in a copulco, but I don't want to go there either. Yeah. I'm seeing an Anglo in a very Latin area. I'd like to say that the Latins have contributed a lot. I mean, there are the ones that are building the cities, populating and buying the big ticket housing items that allow the car dealers to cloud them and buy their cars or turn around and spend money. I mean, my little old brown corollas. That was you talking about. Is that just the Haitians in the Jamaican's behind us? I'm sorry. Oh, I got a little brown corollas. I don't know how that. But I'm just saying that the Latins have contributed a lot in, you know, like any other thing. Like all the fixed up fixed up things that are on the right. You know, I don't know. I don't know. I say the Latins were blind. I just said that, you know, what they've contributed to this show, I think reflects in many ways what they've contributed to the general community large. Well, I think the ones that are not, hopefully, have the time to listen to the show. Maybe aren't the ones that are contributing. Thank you. So in other words, you're not contributing either, is that it? Oh, and he's gone. As soon as I got him on that, you know, he made his, he just shot himself in the foot. He had time to call, so he must not be contributing anything. This community. Thank you. Two open lines in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty in palm five, sixty on a mobile one line. So I guess all you listeners out there right now that we got this gigantic audience according to Fatball and all this research, you're not contributing anything to this community because you're listening to the new Rogers show. What do you like that? But if you're out there with your Glya Barron and you're sitting there playing dominoes in domino park, then you're contributing something. All right. And if you got your little friends this year sister on there, you're listening to show, then you're really contributing something. Look at that, two calls on the board. I look at a look away for one second. One and one for like a millisecond. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neo, how are you? Okay. First of all, I like to say we love your show. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. We have two open lines in the Broward one and date. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. As the beat just goes on man, they just, they hold you all as just can't stop. They just can't stop. Not a con, not a con, not a con, not a con, not a con, not a just obsessed man. Professional queens, every kind of queen that you ever have seen, man. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if all these people are probably see all these callers. We've had that day at the TDance this Sunday. I don't know where it is, but wherever they're having one, they're at the TDance. They're dancing on it. Here's a mobile in a candle, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Hey, I just wanted to touch on the, you and Jean Robinson saying a little bit. Well, uh, uh, we got it's obviously a rookie otherwise, you would know, know, not to have the cops first of all. I mean, anybody down there that looks good enough to do it with is 90% of my cops, I would think. Yeah. Uh, so he's a bonehead. Uh, what he should have done was maybe go out, uh, more of Albert's first encounter. Okay, great. Okay, open line in a day two and a Howard 560, 560, 560, 560. They're all the amateur comedians around today. All the homophobic holios who can't stand looking in the mirror because they're four skin as do-loos. All these crazy people around there today, baby. Just the way we like it in the magic city. Uh, who had a Super Bowl crowd is all left. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Anyu. Yes sir. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Who doesn't get a show here? And I want to ask you, what do you think the dog has kind of dropped the neck? Two open lines in date one and a grower. 560 and 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Got it. I'm listening. I haven't talked to you in about four or five years. And last time I talked to you, we talked about my four skin and how I wore baggy underwear. Yeah. What about this time? Oh no, I went tight now. I don't care about your underwear. What do you want to talk about this time? Let's get some new materials for it. Come on. Let's go. What do you want to hear? Okay. We have an open line of date. 560 and 560 and 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in four-later deal. Hello. Yes sir. I don't know if you've covered it or not. You blow off that guy that was trying to give you some free food there. So I'm sending you a thing and he was trying to get a free plugin and just minutes later he's got an advertisement on your shelf. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't realize that they're blown off on your advertisers. Do you want to find out about advertisers? Yeah. He had a commercial on your shelf there. You know, about 20 minutes after you go and off. What's the name of the joint? I'm going to do your New York New York. The Hong Kong is calling on a year here doing that. What does he do? That's where our sales department. I don't know. Maybe he's the new advertising. He don't know that. We're team. We're going to get with the routine. That's all I can tell him. Okay sir. Thank you very much for pointing that out. God bless you. I don't care. I don't care. That's something that should be done for my sales department. He'd give me a song to dance after the hockey game. I should go over there on the 17th Street causeway. I mean, what is that? We have an open line in addition. Which we don't know who they have. Retritages are anyway because, you know, unless we're doing an endorsement. How do we know? Does their sales department communicate in this to us? Does Greg read care if we even have a list of the where they are and who they are? Oh, we don't care about that. We just want people to money. That's all we're here for. That makes it even worse. That makes it even worse. I wonder. I wonder who the A.E. I wonder who the sale is on an account. That's doing such a beautiful job. A really figuring that all out. Of course we don't know because we don't see them anyway. Even though now there's like, you know, like five feet away. Those aren't our sales teams. Oh, that's right. That's Lee Cutler sales people. Which by the way, those ponder sales meetings in a morning lead. Geez, I walked by the this morning. They're in there for like, on and on and on and they're nodding off at their heads. You're done on the table. And he's gone. Man. I'm telling you, I haven't seen Tom Deniburg and Lee Cutler to get a job. I've been a burgundy color together. It's the same person I here in Tia. 21 before one at five, 60 WQA. And that's a very perspicacious year. That was very good at last color. I never would have known that. And like I said, I'm still not going there. I'm not going to the boy over there. Oh, baby, I can't get me. Any day. Oh, baby, I can't get me. Any day. I trust Jason Rose. He's in my cry. I'm so swollen. Between my thigh and his. Women reject me most every night. I approach them. And this is my. I'm almost all known. I'm still big. Because again. Get it, get it. Get it, get it. Maybe again. It may be. Any day. If I was the man I have to pay. I was lost most most lost. I want it back to stay in the way. Oh, yes. I'm just in the mood. Oh, baby, I can't get me. No, no, no, no. I get you down on the bed. Be ready. I think that I might have to go to a game. You're so, no, no, no. Oh, baby, I can't get me. What was the dose for not on whole work in your six. You're a little less great. I don't know. There you're a bunch of little. It's a 1245 and 560 WQM. Here's a thanks from somebody I won't mention the name. I work for American Airlines and not too long ago. They prestigious mommy hero ran an ad saying that we were selling one way tickets to the Caribbean for seven bucks around to 14 bucks. It's absurd to believe that American Airlines would have seven dollars flights. But we had to honor the advertisement. And American Airlines is suing the hero for the different. Just another example of the first class job that the hero does every day. How do you like that? If it's in the hero, you know, be on the shadow of it out. If it's right there in your god damn mommy, he'll have to find your post. It's a bunch of crap. Right. One of the worst newspapers, one of the most anxious organizations. Here's a sunrise. Hello. I shot way to pool. Okay, great. Congratulations. We have an open line at Grower at 560560560. And a mobile one line. Here's a lady in four-later day. Hello. Yes, yeah, Rogers. Yes, man. Hi. I'm looking to share all the time. And I think you're doing a great job. Yes, I am. And I'm a great community service. Thank you. I'm so glad. I wanted to let you know. I recently came across a book that I think might shed some light on maybe with you being sick all the time. It's called the yeast syndrome. And they're finding that a lot of people. It's never been put on antibiotic. It breaks down their immune system. And it not only kills the bad bacteria, but it also kills the good bacteria. There you need some acid, doffelus. Well, yeah, that would help. Exactly. That would definitely help. But I want to talk about bath and yogurt. Do you think that might do it? I don't think that would do it. I'm sure yogurt all over my place. No, I don't think so. But there's a pill that I'm recently taking because I had a lot of the symptoms that you've mentioned that you were having. It's called HSO formula by primal defense. And it's very powerful defense. It's a it's a pill that you take anywhere from two to three of them a day and herbalists and nutritionists do have them. It's an all natural product. And what it does is it builds back the good flora in your systems so that you're able to digest the food without getting sick. And it's very, very helpful. And I don't have any more headaches. I have no more sinus headaches. It's great. I feel like a new person. What is it called H2? I don't know. It's called HSO formula. And it's called primal defense. It's about 30 bucks a bottle. But it's worth it. And you can ask a nutritionists about it and they know that. I'm asking the nutritionists about like in a health food store. Oh yeah, sure. I'm not sure if GMC would have it. The more localized Donagans has it up in the in Boko return. I'm not going to vote. I'm to vocate. They have some other ones. I'm only a year ago. How could friend J is that Jane down again? Jane down again. Yes. Right. She be on my show a hundred years ago all the time. Oh, is that right? Yes. Well, how can Jane that he send the bottle of it for crying out? I know. Well, if I talk to her. Come on, Jane get with it. I'm going to tell her it's for Neil Rogers. She'll send me anything. Yeah. But it's very good. And I think you'll find by taking that. You'll feel a lot better. You'll have energy now with a did also put me on in conjunction with this. I had to go on a sugar free diet, which was very difficult. You see, I've been on this sugar shock for a week now. And I think that's that's contributing to this thing lingering on and on and on and on. I got a lot of admit that I had a pint of Ben and Jerry's. What was your last day? Oh, chocolate, cherry, Garcia frozen yogurt last night. Oh, okay. Well, that was good. I taste good, but then the after effect is what you pay for. So if you can, you know, maintain yourself for at least a few days to get it out of your system for a lot of water, you'll feel a lot better. So I'll tell Jane I want it. I definitely won't. If you get a chance, pick up that book, the East Ender because it's not only women that are going through that, it's men. And they're, they're a lot. That's what Dr. Racken said in the acting book. He says that the most overweight people, most people that got a sugar problem, have got a yeast problem. They don't even know it. That's right. It's underlying cause. And that'll go doctor's want to dress it. It's the holistic doctor. The doctors don't know any. They don't want to admit it. No, they don't. And we're just like sitting here trying to send for ourselves. Exactly. Okay. I wish you well. Thanks a lot. She finally got a nice lady there and who knows, maybe it's just a bunch of witchcraft, that and all Maybe it's for real. But I mean, as far as having a yeast infection, I would. John, I really get my panties and a wife. We have an open line of day five six seven. Five six the and pound five six the animal. Well, even now my since she started talking about ankle hurts. Yeah, my ankles like aching now, which it was fine before. And maybe the fact that I just twisted it on the stupid board thing I got down here on a Neat the table. Maybe that had just might have something to do with it. That could be a little bit part of the problem. Here's my any. Hello. Hey, don't share pretty good. I'm asking question with you in the sticks. Man, that you ever have bad home or sex with experience and one of those. Oh, I had many good homosexual experiences with them. Right. Even if pretty hard or what? Give it to you pretty hard or what? Well, they didn't give it to me pretty hard. I gave it to them pretty hard. See what I mean, same one dimensional man, one dimensional space. This is what we got in this town. That's why this town is in the shape that it's in today. I mean fire hydrants trees that have like little holes. I mean, like like trees, what kind of trees are maple maple trees? We have maple trees down here. No, but if we could find where they are. Because that's how they get that maple syrup. You know, there's a little hole in the tree. And then there's the old woodpecker. We have an open line in date five six seven. Five, five, sixty and five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Thank you. How you doing? Great. I just made my reservations for the MGM. A lot's very good. Yes. And thank you. You know, you speak highly of it. Very good choice. You will love the MGM. Perfect. When I tell you, we'll not go wrong. The MGM is palatial. It's spectacular. It's great. They treat you wonderful. You can't go wrong. No, no, it's not. It's a great. They recommended me a restaurant there. Catspees. Catspees. I never had a break. I guess I did. You know, no, the brown derby deray, which is mediocre. I've never eaten a cat's piece. It would be the same catspees. That's up north in West Palm Beach. Might be. And what about I can't tell you whether it's good or not. I've never eaten. There may be something listening to. What about the rosewood grill? Have you eaten there? The rosewood grill is very expensive. Very good. Very sensational. So it's definitely with a blowing your dough there. Sure. Okay, great. Well, I'm looking forward to it in closing. It's a lasting garment at a go on. Okay. What do you say, Nierda? Two open line. What do you say? Give us a translation, Mr. Spick. That's a Cuban-assin way. Oh, all right. Two open lines in the day, 560560 and 560 and a mobile one line. Mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Okay, sir. And I agree with you in the fact that the Marlins don't deserve a new state. And would you think it'd be a positive thing? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Where did this come from? Were we talking about the Marlins today? No. No. I thought you'd come once ago and you said, obviously, wouldn't tell the problem. But do you think if they put like a statement a downtime area would be perhaps the positive thing for the community or do you think it'd be a waste? No, I do not. See, I was, you must begin brainwashed by these articles they keep right now. I saw that John Henry propaganda in the paper today. You see, this is the same old tired crap I've been hearing the 23 years I've been here. Just like when they tried the pedal, Joe Robbie when they didn't want to build a Mysterium. Okay. And they kept, oh, the orange bull list and we're going to build a new stadium downtown. Everything they want to do downtown. And I don't care what they put there. They've got base side and they got the American Airlines arena. And you know, something nobody still wants to go downtown. People in this place don't want to go downtown Miami. I've got a lot of deal downtown. Let me say it again. We don't need a baseball stadium. Okay, sir, grow up get a life. Another sports nerd wants to suck me into this crap. We need more stadiums. More arenas. Forget it. Open line of day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Just keep building and building and building and building. More are in his more stadiums. More facilities. And just keep checking up the prices higher and higher and higher. I'm watching there last night the devils were playing Detroit pretty entertaining game. And they're playing in Jersey and I'm going to take us something even as great a team as they got out there. They've got one hell of an exciting team this year. And they still see all those empty seats. Lots and lots of empty seats. They're pricing the public out of this crap already. Okay, they're pricing everybody out. And this is this brainwashing the idea that, oh, what in our community just can't survive without a whole lot of these sports venues. So, we've got a whole crap. Okay, somehow we got along without it before. Didn't we? Somehow we managed to survive. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. First time, noodleing, foreskin and Hollywood. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Okay. Hey, this Jeff Gordon thing. You have some kind of insight information on the reason I heard that any idea who that is sir. You don't know, you play the card? No, that's not about Jeff Gordon. That's about Jim Gordon. Jim Gordon. Yeah. Yeah, good. Okay, well, we'll get you a date. Call up Joe Costello. He's got his number. We have an open line of day one at Broward. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What have you said to me? You know what I got from the US government the other day? No, what you got? I got this letter, a sum, it's lawsuit. And this sent a me for a student loan that I had been defaulted on for ten years. You've been defuncted on for ten years. I've been paying on it for ten years. I've been calling this lawyer for the judicial circuit and Miami, whatever. You said, no, you have the problem, sir. You need to call the student as a department of education and clear enough. I says, no, don't clear it up. Don't, don't, don't put the BS on me, man. Yeah, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. You're right. I'm not going to do the BS on him. We'll put their own as son, him. You know, I don't put your own as son, he went over to that, man. We're looking at him. We're looking at him. Like he said, it's your thing. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And quick bugging everybody else. You know, he's calling talk shows. See a real man. Okay. Straighten out your own guy, damn problem. Pay the loan, deadbeat. Okay. Pay the damn loan back and stop looking for somebody to get you off the hook. Can you get me off the hook, Tom, for all time, sick. Can't do it, Sally. Can't do it. Well, that was an accident, but nobody got hurt. We have an open line of date and one in Broward. There's a number of six, 705, 60, Pont5, 60 on the mobile one line. I didn't know no, Godfather. Oh yeah, I knew his father, we were in the olive oil business together. See all new people that haven't seen the Godfather. I mean, you know, you think you're alive. You think you know something about life, about America, about the world, about the planet. You know, nothing. Here's Kendall, hello. Hey, you last time I called you, you had me talk of the Martin Gay. I've enjoyed doing that with you. The last time you talked, I had you talking gay. No, yeah, me talked to Marvin Gay. Oh yeah, remember that very well. Thank you. You did a good job. It was great. I enjoyed it. And Marvin didn't even feel it. You've been in the luxury in Los Vegas. Have I been in there? I don't like it. It's kind of weird, you know, the elevators don't go up straight up and down. I would think not since the shape like a pyramid, they probably can't make a quite Yeah, we're right. Yeah, they're called Inclementary. I don't like the luxury. Oh, well, it's interesting to look at. You know, I mean, every casino in Vegas is fun to go into and look around. Yeah. But as far as a place to gamble the hangout to like, not for me. That's, that one and the, the one next to the, Excalibur. Yeah. Hate the Excalibur. Yeah, I mean, that thing is such a Disney land issue. I mean, oh, I hate the Excalibur. Oh, yeah, well, that's owned by circus circus. Well, that's it. No, you know, there's people under the age of three. Absolutely. No, but before you have me talk up to Marvin Gay last time. I started off our conversation about maybe you go back to that is really till doctor. You said absolutely no way. And then I heard you talk about that today. I want to go back to him if he paid me a thousand dollars of vision. I understand. Now the dermatologists in this town, they're terrible because either have to wait like three months. You have cancer. Yeah. You know, to get you in. Um, do you think I have a great dermatologist? Okay. Well, this good. Don't, don't, yeah. What about to a shaving cream? Do you think it could be shaving cream that irritates you as making a, Because I don't know where you're turning red. No. Oh, okay. No, I don't. All right. Well, I hope it would be a shaving cream when I've been using the same age for like 500 years. How can we get it? Probably could not be. Right. It's just one of something to think about. I have thought about that as I'm just to show you how far ahead I am of everybody else. I've actually thought about that. And then I thought no. No. Okay. All right. Well, listen, you have a good one. I'll call you again someday. Okay. Santa Marvin. We have an open line of day two and brown, Broward 560560 and five60 at a mobile one line. Some kind of an allergy. Let's get an allergy special specialist on here. Okay. Let's get a fungus specialist. Let's get somebody that knows something. Is there something? Is there such a person in this town? No. Just like that diabetes doctor I told you about from years ago. That guy is who's recognized all over town. This guy's got a reputation. Oh, he's a genius. He knows nothing about diabetes. It's a miracle. Thanks to him that I'm still alive today. He used to have me taken my diabetes pill in the morning, Which doesn't affect my blood sugar in any way, shape or form. I'm at his wife's foot that pill on the toilet. And only because I decided to take my health in my own hand and start learning something about it myself, that's the only reason I'm alive here today. Now thanks to that doctor for many, many moons ago. Which I don't want to mention, My name on here at the moment. Two minutes to one and two a.m. Hey, if someone did do our... You can do it. Yeah, it's a man. He has a man. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. He's got a man across the China. Oh! Yeah, yeah. He's got a man across China. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Man in a country. Man in a country. Man in a country. The stars not the kind you can do in the behind But as they're gone and her vagina she's all mine Where he don't know where a stogi goes I can see how there was some confusion between humans or ants you made hor And the knocking saw the sun's seater box means saw her naked Stars reportedly to go in blind That place then he was working hard Late night in the ovary office Working on a practical job It took a massive noodle for the next floating Loaded for Monica with flowing rings a smoke There's a garden Monica's vagina She lets out a gigo Every tiny makes it way go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind Correct, I'm gonna say garden her vagina she's all mine Yeah! People feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband Feel that Hillary was wrong A thin, the Lincoln bedroom She was moaning, moaning out all her will do in her With build no bond, yeah! But there's a garden Monica's vagina She lets out a gigo Every big and tiny makes it way go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind But as a garden her vagina she's all mine Like Rachel's walk and do you think? Yes, that's not her, is that her? Oh yeah! What you gotta do is take a sip of real That's what it is, now grab all your hands And get all of these things All now, let's come and come All our hands It puts the nourishing of the prize 104 at 560, I thought he put the cigar in the Anyway, we have two open lines and they had two in Broward, 567 And by the way, is that interesting Monica? Nothing new to say yesterday, what a surprise And for an injured not Latino, we have nothing new to say today We have nothing new to say tomorrow What a shock But they just can't let go They just to nascously keep it all the best part of the day yesterday And I missed it, I was in a shower They kept, you know how they are supposed to be having these press conferences A renouncement and they showed the microphones And somebody's supposed to be coming out of the White House Or someplace like right now, there's Dick Havard East standing in front, let's see what he's saying, come on George I'm not going to show you the focus on winning democratic control of the House Okay, I'm not going to want to hear him, he's past the anyways Probably Irish But anyway, so yesterday the president to turn he came out of there The little David Kendall one that lives in Kendall And was announced about how they had gone to court And they're looking for the filing charges A complaint against the Ken Star For abusive power And for all these leaks I mean, this guy's got more goddamn leaks Gorgeous, and that would a Colossony back He's leaking all over the plane George Court And I thought to myself, yeah Not that they haven't already tried to do this before But just keep doing it, baby Because like I told yesterday, most countries in the world Ken Star by now who has been treacherous and treasonous He'd probably be in prison by now For a hell of a long time And there's some countries like I said yesterday Where might he even be worse Because he just won't take no for an answer But of course we understand it's not clear And here's a great facts by the way The Irish patented did you read this? Yes The Irish patented famine first in 1845 Had to crop was wiped out It became worse in 1946 even worse in 1947 The disease that attacked the potato was Fith of something like that You see that? I can't pronounce it, it was bad The Irish population was faced with starvation This is when the first wave of immigrants escaped to Canada Funny thing is it was the only patented crop that failed in Ireland Weat cats, beef, mutton, pork, and poultry Raw on excellent supply But Irish English landlord shipped these to the European Con and the softened the starving there And received big bucks in the former larger profits Than if they took care of their own people got for a bit Why does the hatred exist today? The hatred between the Irish and English stems From ships leaving Irish ports loaded with food At the same time that their ancestors Weeding grass to live on If they had been exploited If they would have learned to mongelaganger The English government was unwilling to give any money to Ireland With help against the famine Because as they said, the Irish will only use it to buy guns To be pulled against them or buy more booze As the case might be And it goes on and on Thank you very much for a great fact So in the end I know about the Irish potato famine You learn something on his educational show Every day We have an open line in Broward to a date But we're looking for the first holy of the day Who's got something to say about anything Besides penis, okay? There's one holy of that can call us and have a conversation about anything You'll be the first one all day to day in the entire four hours You'll make everybody in softflow to stand up proud That's right After another day yet another The 54 million disgraceful display of an attitude and one dimensionality Of our softflow to Julio population Here's the wrong line Here's Pompano, hello You have the facts kind of stole my thunder there But I wanted to say Is toilet your thunder? Yeah All right The potato famine Okay, thank you Okay, here's a mobile in the I mean he's called before by the way He came up and he'd mock There's a mobile an adventure hello Hey, yes sir Hi, I'm actually from West David I listened to you all the time I work in heaven Sure I just want to let you know there are maple trees I don't have to make a rose We do have maple trees All right, let's get you a plan out about that What? I said thanks for the good news Okay, one call left in the board We got 52 minutes to go here today We got one call left in the board I could you know something I could play I could listen to that all day I was thinking that when I was playing God do I love that Then who's bumping up in my milk Oh yeah, I could play that all day over and over again That is one of the all-time classics It just is so I don't know what words I might as fails me I just can't find the word that describe How beautiful that thing is How perfect he just sticks his finger right on it 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Hank Goldberg today too In fact, I don't see anything on a sheet about Hank being outside Is Hank doing his first show in the building today I believe Wow Would no bugs in O'Rass No infestation yet And then we got books through 6 to 10 Talking baseball and we have the YDY on the second February And it's capital in a 10 with a gambling show So is that true? Is Hank actually going to be upstairs today? That's whatever we were told Wow Woo Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello Hello, New Orleans Okay sir You just missed something on the Ken Star Report The finally the government came out They say yep, we spent 4 million bucks on the blowjob I think Mr. Robbins is a lot better off with his 40 bucks And this can't boulevard Good question, where should we spend 40 bucks or 40 million bucks on blowjob Zexeland points here We'll be taking a pull on that tomorrow here on this show Dave County lines are open all 205, 6, 7, 05 By the way, we're on the air in Fort Myers The audio net is back on, we're all over the world I just mentioned those things again today Okay, just in passing Because slowly but surely they're finally putting the pieces of this You're back together again That they tore apart last week for the benefit everybody else And now like I said, our program director comes down here We'll leave the label that, oh I'll be with you to death It's ho ho ho ho ho ho You know not a bad guy But totally and utterly useless useless Like having a role of toilet paper on your plate in a fine gourmet restaurant Here's a mobile and highly hello Hello Neil, yes sir How are you doing sir? Great Hey, I think I got a reason why you might be breaking out Why I'm breaking out? Yeah, and why are you getting that complexion problem Complexion problem, yes Do you still do the arcan blind? No Okay, listen this is what happens to me I haven't been doing the arcan blind Oh no, I'm not going to get into your ex-screen diet Oh you are Well this is what I found Whenever I do the arcan blind and I happen to get off of it for any reason Right, and I go back on carbohydrates I noticed that my face starts to break out also Really? Really? Maybe it's all his sugar You think that could be it? Maybe I don't know That's what I think is a fusion is enormous amount of sugar That I'm consuming I think it's killing me Could be that's what I think it's happening to me So whenever I get back on the arcan it goes away You know something I'm doing right now Great Seriously Are you? Haven't I stayed with you? And back to you, thank you I'm doing it right now I haven't eaten nothing today I'm doing the arcan so far I'm going to mommy's for lunch today Where she will have only arcan stuff or else Open line of day two and a grower It's probably a fact you better not have anything on you That's not on the arcan's lunch today Because I've tended there a lot of people light up And I'm going to buy that nice condo or hers and hollywood It's 11 after one at 5.50 WQM if you If you're looking for a miracle The former president is trying to push Push in Bosnia Pls always search for Scoz Fast I like this Ayel Niceバast Have you seen O4KP online additionally? Yeah I'll play this now I don't care Sponsored organisations Loom, activate, get new. I'm now the public just thank your sick. And I am the lion. All right. When you are together, it's true. Cause you're a one, I get bitchy. When she finds you in a room. And body of the lion. With your career for one night, It's wrong, but sure does feel wrong. Until the tight are played. And body of the lion. Six minutes can all what you say to you. To restale the world's power. All right. Bye. We are the lion. One, fifteen to five, sixty times a day. Two, three, four. The only thing that we heard today about the ester with the orthodox use over there in Israel, The crazy people was the one young guy, the kid that said he goes to show every day and he's, I don't get it. He was, I think he was like almost as fanatical as they are. And he can't figure out why. He's looking for something. All the day lines are open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Pembroke pine. Till, oh. Yeah, I deal with them. Okay. Good. Good. Talkin with you. I've been listening to you for a long while. My mother-in-law, everyone, I've been listening to you for a long time. Well, I came to the train a few weeks ago been going to revive the巧克zy area and press the project, the last week whenever I have taken 아니 expo really. It's simple. After all that. When you were taking the numbers lists for all those tickets, like that just pulled off and had come to getting itруз츠. It says that that's kind of a bad thing. At some point, for example, if you don't have the baked iceПрide or the asked about Chris Wells and hoping he was always going to know. He comes something. Yeah. Whatever. I know he was a healthy scratch all season. What the heck's going on with the guys. He has a growing thing. He's going to have a problem. Why are we talking about Chris Wells? What is wrong with him? He's dead meat. He's history. Why understand that? I just wanted to point. And even if he were healthy, he can't play anyway. So what, you know, what there is isn't? Yeah, I was just curious about what happened to him because I, you know, you don't hear too much since the population. Well, he was a who? Probably. Pavey. Yeah, my pronouncing that right. Pavey. I'm getting a feedback here too. Yeah, okay. I guess we'll have to go in to call. That was a good way to buy a very creative, very clever balance. Good way. I'm getting a little feedback. Gotta go see a. Pavey. Pavey. Bury. Pave. How you said? Pavela. Pavela. It's not like one of those yeast infections. What do they call that? There's something that begins with a P. Powerful. What is it? How do you say it? Isn't that the potato saffron thing? Yeah. We have an open line at Broward 2 in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pavey. And you know, something is real interesting since we got all these great hockey fans out there like this guy. And I didn't go to the game on Saturday because it wasn't here. Did I get any report? I wonder they 60 audio in a joint? Did they get any updates on any of the accoutrements on the goal. It has there anything been changed over there since I've brushed a gut on here last week. One day and try to get people whipped up into a frenzy. Did I got anything about that? No. What I get is two jackasses yesterday calling in. Do you hope come there lost the game? Ha ha ha ha. Oh man. Woo. Have a doody baby. You can almost smell it. Here's Pompito Beach, shallow. Pompito Beach. Going once. Long gone. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Cooper. Yes. Hello. Hello. Go ahead. I heard you the first time. I got a pick report for you. Yeah. We're for all of you between. Let me go and 100 that. Two pillings right in middle hit or section. Okay. Thank you. Okay. It's all pig report the Tuesday. Two open lines in Broward, one in date. 560, five 60, five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Going once. Long gone. Let's try Kendall on too. Hello. What the hell. What the hell. Oh. Yes. There I am. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. What are you on people having some kind of an identity crisis this is. Oh. What happened? There's a button coming through. Yeah. Yeah. There's a button coming through now. No. No. No. Well. Here and right. Let's hear what we ought to do. Yeah. And so this question. Yes. You didn't read the heroles editorial. Did you? When today. No. Okay. And it says. Hispanics are not represented. They wanted to know why there were no Hispanics on the house. Judiciary Committee representing the Americans. It just and it says. The American. They're working in the public because they're the only ethnic group that wasn't on either side. They had the Italian defense or blacks or whatever. Yeah. It's an American. But there were no Hispanics. So what's there is a man? It's just they're I mean you you're confused by that. Don't you understand it's another contorted attempt by the heroles to pander and pander and pander and pander. And if we have to have some kind of a quota of what when ethnicity on the. Well actually this wasn't from the heroles. This was from the Hispanics. It's a very advisory. He just said the editorial. No. I meant to say that read it for him. Yeah. Anyway, the fact is that she's very upset and they send the letter to that new speaker. Stating that she would like to see you know Americans of Hispanic descent. Yeah, like the Indiana gross late and she'd be great on there for last. Well that would true, but the thing is the Americans only when they're not represented. That's the only thing. Okay, we have opened lines a day five six seven. Oh five sixty and pound five sixty George just put a pen in his rectum. He liked that. He was so with the straw from that call. I wouldn't even dignify with a response. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. What was that guy called? He's an asshole man. Anyway, record real quick. The audio was good. The lights. They've not changed and was really expected. No. But the game sucks. Well I know that. But the isle is still bad. Yeah, that's not going to change. And the goal is you can't see the pen and we're listening. But they at least got the sound back down. The sound was good. All right. One out of three. Thank you. There you go. There's our report. We were looking for. And now what that guy named Pavel. Pavel. Huh? Pavel. Pavel off the dog. We have an open line in the Broward. All three and eight five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pavel B. Chillow. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Is this deal? Sounds like me. Hey, Neil. I hear that you use the doctor act and find it. Sometimes sometimes for a couple hours here and there. Oh, do you? Okay. Well, um, what calm because I'm, well, like the other caller, I'm trying to get like a pre promo here. Um, I own my own yoga shop. And it's good. Okay. Well, good luck to you. I hope you make a lot of money and remember us. That's the new deal now. The call and for a few plugs including one of our sponsors before, which didn't tell me that it was a sponsor and whoever slivers a cop at is or was is the case may be nice going. Just absolutely amazing. Well, the role is scared of you the salespeople. Well, you know something if they're a bunch of pussy's maybe they ought to find like a different kind of a job. You know, like an inside job where they never have to leave the house. Here's Pavel. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm Jewish. Oh, yeah. You had you. Nobody Jewish would call some calling. About. Okay. Two things. Yes. I'm going to give you a recommendation on a one of recommendation from you. Oh, what? The first recommendation from you. I want is my wife and I have never gone to a hockey game. Yeah. We want to go and I call information right now listing for the Panters. They give me a listing for the arena. Yeah. And that's made from cock and man. The number that isn't there. Can you give me a number of call for tickets? I'm a ticket master. I can master. Yeah. That's a good idea. That might work. Yeah. Okay. How come they don't have a listing? Yeah. I'm probably because you cost money to be listed. I have no idea. I don't. I have no idea. I mean, I hear you tell no least great things about in the likes of the work. The ice is there from ax. Yeah. What would be a good game to go to in March? What would be a good team to see? Probably somebody there planned. Okay. We have an open line in Broward one in date. 560 and Pant 560. Who's that on the bat line? I see. Oh, that's for upstairs. So hopefully they'll get it in. What do you mean by that? Well, we're on the same phone line. So that's somebody wanting to talk to one of the guys upstairs. But they don't have an office phone upstairs. And the upstairs can follow me. Like I don't have an office phone in here. They're worth. Well, maybe they can have yours. They might as well take it unless George Corsos is going to fix it one of these days along with the sound on hold. I mean, you know, listen, we don't want to complain too much. I mean, we don't respect you to paying any attention. What's going on down here? You know, we're getting all the spots in. We're breaking into money. We got these big ratings. Fat boy brought us down the numbers that that dumbbell up there couldn't get a hold up. That Bozo couldn't get a hold up because he's too busy checking the, you know, he's probably watching some porn along the internet. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Look at through the Miami hell this morning. And I found the advantage we screw up in the sports section. Yeah. On the hockey page on the bottom left corner, it says that the King's got a train to a Claire date from the flyers. They're trying to acquire who Alexander date from the flyers. Oh, who only plays in Tampa now? My wife. And by the way, nice job by Bobby Clark. You notice how he wield that three way deal in San Alexander day to the worst place he could possibly go. Yeah. Nice gone Bobby. You get to New TV too while you're at it, Bobby. Thank you. Sir, from pointing out, let me take a look at that. As the Harold once again, I mean, you know something this could be a hobby. I know a lot of you. A lot of you out there don't have much going on. Let's see. The kings are first rated about the Steve Duchenne. Look at that. The G. Yeah. Oh. G.M. Dave Taylor denied it. We're more that the kings are trying to acquire Alexander day from Philadelphia. First, he do change. Well, guess what? I guess he denied it because they can't get him from Philadelphia. He don't play there no more. He's in Tampa Bay with the light weights. Thank you, sir. God bless you as the Harold once again. How every day the Harold is just loaded with crap. Just full it. It's not a newspaper. It's a total absolute publication is what it is. Cover to cover stem this during from Denver for versus Minnesota and the Super Bowl to Alexander day is with S. Philanalfia. Absolutely positively. Unbelievable. Bush league baby as Bush as it gets. In fact, that would be surprised if Luther Campbell comes out with a new song and as Bush as they want to be. Well, he knows all about Bush. He's criminalized. Pop in Florida. Two. Do you call the chance? Yeah. He's called the chance. Yeah. Oh, he's an act. That's a great job man. I'm being a he's a go south American. Robes really bought the dottering old man act as dying. Oh, yeah. If you think anybody will think you're out. I'm really dick bands. Pat and pop and pat and not a chance. Go. Hey, why do you say me? Buy it. This baby up and book you with canned heat. Oh, sure. You have it. Yeah. I got to meet somebody and say Louis in a few with the American substance system. I was that. Ow. Oh, not he. I'm going. Get him. How about it. Got him. I'm going to do. Hey, you hide him. Let's go. You know what this means. He was another barter. I don't worry. It can't be made of a doing fine. Yeah, but now the price that coffee's going up. I don't know. Okay. One twenty nine is five sixty. WCM. We have two open lines in Broward five six seven. Five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, Hello. Well, thank God it wasn't one of my in this time. Yeah. Okay. We have two open lines in Broward one and date five six seven five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's four Latterdale. Hello. Good afternoon. Mr. I caught you last week. I told you that I spoke to someone at the McLeaner. And then I felt that the ice was never going to change. Yeah. We're going to change. Now I hear the audio like it's his better. Yeah. I haven't been. Well, I haven't been going to the setting a lot more. There. Yeah. I told you the last game I'm going to see is tomorrow night baby. Because I feel I'm seeing one of the best. Hey. What does that mean? That's the last game you're going to see. Why? I think it's a sense in that. I think it's the last game I'm going to do. Why? Down down the sheer. No particular reason. I'm going to start with this kind of set up with the. With the new arena and I want to go see one of the best teams. Okay. When you keep saying that over and over again. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. So the same thing this week that he said last week. He did. Suction. Suction. Suction. Suction. Man. It's just unbelievable. You wonder why you. You Jean was looking to get a little head down there on the boulevard. There's just so much suction here, man. Everybody's getting a little anction. How do you got to stick your head out of the window? There you go. Morphid. Browards open 56050505060 on the AT&T Wireless Line. By the way, sir, at least I'm embarrassed by you and your behavior. They're embarrassed. Harold Ballard isn't embarrassed by you. That's saying a lot. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. I don't know. Okay. I'm calling you for a couple things. Number one. What is going on at the Harold? Please explain to me. They go when you think things can get anywhere they talk themselves. The second thing is, what does that mean? I mean, the things that they say first of all, you know, I'm a Cuban, you know, I live here, Miami. And I think they're a communist person. I mean, I hate it. I hate it. And then, right when I say, okay, let me pick it up to see, you know, they blow it again. So I just hate the Harold. Yeah. Anyways, I called the McRena yesterday. Okay. And twice, they hung up on me. I think that they're still there. Why is that? What did you say? You see, a lot of corn, a lot of corn. Yeah. Well, that was about to actually make sure. Yeah. So actually, they, I started to tell a complaint. They go, and they just hung up on me. So I just, the Mac Arena, they hung up on you. I hung up on me. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? What? What were you complaining about? About the eyes. I was going to call you know, say, but I think I did not know. They don't care. Don't you understand they don't care like this guy before said about four calls ago. They aren't going to change any of that. You're not going to see the goal lights. And they don't care about the eyes. They don't care about the fans here. But the least they could do it here, me out. Well, I mean, if they don't care why, they're going to waste their time listening. She should have just said, we don't care. Why? Yeah. And also a new, improving eye drive of 74 rounds for your tocrala. So I have a bone to take. You know, it's a great car. It's still running. It's really, really cool. I'm so close with again. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Okay. We have open line of day. Browards dead. That is the door nails. We keep squeezing and twisting and pulling and probing again. We got that big probe. We stick out the window here to see if we can find any sign of life out there. And most of the time, it's kind of like a, it dangles there. And Alexander dangles out the window. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See, the reason that the hell, they got so much information is because they're a cheap ass tight ass outfit. They got a bunch of punky kids working this kind of like QAM, kind of the same way. And they got a bunch of stringers over there. People that don't know their ass from your elbow. And they write about stuff. They know nothing about. So there's just tons and tons of misinformation every single day. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, man. What's going on with these highly accops, meaning what? What's the deal? They got a little crack problem, man. A little crack problem. Yeah. I just want to know on the last English speaking, Miami native left. And I want to thank you for doing such a great job and for letting our voice be heard. Okay. God bless you, sir. Whatever you said. Let me see what's the big English. That's a good style. There you go. You ask holes, especially that room. Rule Martinez. What is his name? Rule Martinez. Jack ass. Not to mention the convicted do you panic. We have an open line in date, five six seven five six six. See, that's one thing about the South Florida Cuban community. They never met a criminal. They didn't want to put in public office. Whether it's Xavier, Swaraz. I mean, we just loaded one criminal after another, baby. How's Alberto doing by the way? Well, see him. Yeah, that's right. He's like Paulie in the Godfather. Once he hit no more, how's his wife in that lawyer making out by the way? Yeah. Making out his denobis statement. Here's some mobile in Miami. Hello. So, yes, sir. All right, Neil. Yes, I am. Yeah. You know what I'd love to get a copy of is be true to your shoe. Is that possible? It was a staragal. No. No. The possible if he sends Georgia cassette in a couple of bucks. I'll do that. Okay. Hold on. There you go, George. I'm calling for making money for Georgia on a side here. I'll make you cassette. But it is guy's Jewish. He ain't gonna eat. You're probably trying to go you down. You know how that saying goes? Here's sunrise. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. I just wanted to call and tell you that I am listening. And I've been trying to call for a while. That's good. Yeah, well, I'm in Brown. We were alive. You're listening. You're in Brown. Those are all three very, very positive signs. I didn't want to just call for no reason. But it occurred to me an article I had read in playboy a while back. Concerning. And it all has to do with the presidential thing. It was about blow jobs. Yeah. It says that high school students these days considered a blow job. Almost like shaking hands. Right. They don't consider it sex. Well, that was the guy that got fired. Was that the story about the journal, the American Medical Association. They got canned for printing that study they did. Similar to that. Correct. Yeah, that was at the college level. But they agreed. They said that what was 60 or 70% of the college students did not consider oral sex to be sex. Correct. This was high shaking hands. There you go. They're shaking it. Hey, I knew it was just the almost second informal greeting. Right. There you go. So I mean, what's the source? I mean nice to see you. Can I service you for a couple of minutes here and have an ice day? Exactly. I have one question. I know a big fan of the Godfather like you. But have you watched the sopranos on HBO? Have I watched it? No. You should. It's not. There's one character. Yeah. You constantly close. Just when I thought I was out there, brain me back in. I love that. That's really nice. Yeah, it is. And it's absolutely little speed in advance from the, you know, you speed banned. Yeah. Very appropriate to the, uh, the situation is, and the character. But if you see every Italian actor who's ever been in an in-law's role, he's in this program. And it really is worth watching. I recommend it highly. If on HBO. HBO, twenty night. All sure I get out. Thank you so much. Nice to see you. Wow. That's the word that comes to mind when you hear this music. You know, the range of songs here music and hits pretty great. You know, the best thing when you're sitting in Rome and a great trotteria and enjoying a fantastic meal. And there's the music you know in the background. And then that comes on just like that. And you're sitting there in Rome. And Italy in Italia, not in Sicilian necessarily. Thank God. But you're sitting in Italy. And they're playing with God, father in the background. And they're all giving you like a look. Yeah. Well, by the way, speaking of mafia, I didn't know there was a port of Recon mafia. I was only one house. And it's in Springfield. No, what's I'm guiding light. Jesse, who's a port of Recon, he and Michelle does make believe a little Michelle. Oh, my God. Well, they're just out of their minds. They must think we're crazy. Those are most of them watching guiding light for 100 years. And they'll keep watching. Will we? We keep watching. Hope, what's his name? He had heart. He's not doing the good. And then Dina all man since her face started falling apart. She ain't been doing too good either since that fire. But, yeah, we got like a Puerto Rican mafia. And that's our poll question. There is there such a thing as a Puerto Rican mafia. And it's this one bitch, this one woman. And she's like, ah, she's got Michelle is all locked up in a house. And her son Danny is this. And the other son is dead. And she's wheeling and dealing. But it's like all by herself. She's got one button in there. She's got the one guy. And that's it. Maybe he's the consulier we too. It's the low rent district Puerto Rican mafia because it's in Springfield. We're all the glamour. So if there's a Puerto Rican mafia, let's hear about it. Okay. We have an open line in date one in Broward. 5 6 7 5 60, 5 5 60. She won't think at least about the Puerto Rican mafia. They wouldn't be using lunches to weapon the choice would they? No. More likely probably like a Swiss blade. 5 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 4. 5. 5. 5. 5. 4. 5. 7. 5. 5. The King is to the flag of Jesus. Today, think it's over. Prove to the foretaste at the cross-stone. O, O, O, O, O, O, O. Why do they think it's back to give the King those dumb games? With all the days of Hell by day. That's a call of the King. Oh, my God. For a winner, we may look at Paul. Okay, one for 44. He's 60. WQA. We may look at for what? Open line in Broward, two in Dade. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 5, 5, 60 on the 18, 2, 1. Just tickle my funny bone for some reason. Here's a mobile in forlaterdale. Hello. Neil, good. Yes, sir. I wanted to talk about, I wanted to touch on something first. Oh, I had touch of moisture. Oh, that's better. My brother is devoutly religious. He drags me down to his calls every once in a while. How's that? And I asked him, I said, don't so I'm to take it. They got changed a lot of the physics and made the first rainbow. Is this covenant with man? And he'll never drown us again because he loves us so much. Because next time he's going to burn us. And you know what my brother said? It didn't rain before that. Right. That's right. I couldn't. I didn't have to rain because God created all the oceans and all the other stuff. It never rained before the flood. I'm like, they're so brainwashed. I said, I accepted the night of raining Georgia. So I got to say for you today. Thanks for the good news. God bless you. See you there. Okay. I mean, you know about tonight. Now was it was it the last train of Georgia that showed up the night of raining Georgia? And what was that yesterday about gladisnight has become a moron or something like that? And she's wearing a magic underwear. Remember the guy called yesterday something asked me about gladisnight and how she comes to be a moron. Maybe she's got the hotst for Steve Young. I don't know. Maybe she wants to rub their magic underwear together. Open line and grow our two and day. We're still waiting to hear from all those Julios and Dave County. All the heterosexual Julios and Dave. You can call right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're waiting. All the heterosexual. Okay. That's the poll question for tomorrow. Who's going to call first day? heterosexual priest or a heterosexual Julio and Dave. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. In fact, maybe we'll kill two birds with one stone. There's no fact in the church. Maybe that's how you'll call in tomorrow. Here's a mobile and pop in. Hello. Mobile and pop in. Going once. Long gone. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, don't know. Okay. We're asking about these Puerto Rican Mafia. Yeah. All right. We got a group over there in Puerto Rico called the machete wielders. They run around the shetties, killing all the American people because they're they don't want to get together with the American Puerto Rico. Yeah. I didn't know how Jay was in a cult. Oh, very. So that's what they do. And once I'm there was an FBI agent killed. Yeah. On there in Puerto Rico. They wouldn't let them. They wanted a barium on the top of the hill. And they wouldn't let them. So finally the United States went down there. Barium on the top of the hill anyway. All the machete wielder boys went up and took the body out from the hill. And threw it down the body. Great. Okay. Thank you. Well, move to Springfield. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Guiding light man. You got to be a matcha because you got to be a lunatic to watch these soap operas. But then again, when you've been watching them for like how many years has it been now? 15, 40 years. 40 years from going to high school and coming home for lunch every day. And there was a 15 minute. There was 12 30 used to be the. What was that show? And made a used to be on it. And it was for tomorrow used to be on a 12 30 for 15 minutes. And I'm guiding light was on a 12 45. For 15 minutes. Can you even begin to envision a show that would last for 15 minutes. And it would actually do a show and keep your interest. Can you imagine that? No, not today it can't. And then they eventually evolved into 30 minute shows. And now only the real crappy shows like the bold and beautiful, which is got like two characters. That one guy from player has been on there for six over the years. What's his name? Ridge. Oh my God. I say shove his ass off the ridge is what I do. Man, they got like two characters on that show because it's only on half an hour or three. Ridge in the two women that he's always towards. Like I said, you watched that show. The wife watching the show. Your wife watches the bold and the beautiful. All those, uh, what is it NBC? All the NBC shows. Part of these things. Well, see, she also watches the days of our lives been no doubt. Uh, no. I'm on the wrong network. She watches bold and beautiful. The TVB. Young and a horny. Young and a horny. Oh, she watched that the hot spur of Josh Morl and for Nick. Yes. Ha ha ha. When you got George, but hey, Crystal Luppins Perfect. Here's for waterdale. Hello. Neol. Yes, sir. Can you love you, you may see it's a little crazy. But that little laugh that Hank does. It's that x2. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What was that? What was that? What was that? You mean that you was laughing at Neil? Greg Greg Reed and Duffland became an illustrator together and said can we do anything for anyone? All right. Okay, there you go, pal. That was funny. Hey, by the way, Hank with his first show and I was exciting new studios with the same old crappy equipment. By the way, if you think that's funny, Greg Reed with a straight face came down here to the answer, oh yeah, that board we moved over here. That's state of the art, man. The engineer said that's a really great board. You believe that? Yeah. They got it a keymark on sale day. They got it a radio shack. We have Broward lines open 600, them 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Yes, sir. Hey, what do you think about all those scummy blacks that came down from it? Line of stuff, beach. I'm just scummy blacks come up this coming white. Go on, line of that. Like yourself. Okay, open line of day 3 and Broward, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boca, hello. Yeah, Neil, you're too fat. Okay, thank you. All right, the good colors are coming out now. They saved the good material, Hillary and okay. Thank you very much, sir, for sharing your brilliance with us. Here's a mobile in Weston, hello. Why that's a hard one to follow? Yeah, that was great. You wait for about no how many minutes to come on here. You're a douchebag. Click, that's good. Excellent, pal. Hi, what kind of telephone technique a little bit? You'll be great. Like the guy that was doing the Pawel Burry in then all of a sudden he started here in a Home job on the phone and had a run. He started feeling like a dripping in his pants. I heard you talk about our touch on Raul Martinez. Yes. Did you read in the bathroom? I was on the best part of him. Over the weekend, or I guess last week, the city commission voted to give him 1.2 million dollars in back pain. Right, I did see that. And that's why I saw that article by Carl Heisen, highly of a never met a criminal that they didn't like it. Did I like it? That's the article I read. That was a match made in Purgatory, right? And it only one person showed up to contest it. Of course, because they all have fear for their lives over there. And they're preoccupied with each other. The cock fights, right? Right, Neil. That's all I got. That's what they're news. And I call it, Jolly, a douchebag? No. By the way, what was that movie eating Raul? Two open lines a day. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18th. He won't explain me. That's what they're like doing in the highly. He's like eating Raul, huh? Maybe that's why he's still be there.