Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers show Talk to Neil, call 567-0560 toll free for native narrower or home 560 on yourself Only the opinions of Neil is guest-polar's sir anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Or the Beasley Broadcast Group now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 The Neil A. House and the media, Mr. Pony, come down. That's all for Neil today. The Parliament has been played a short meal of the time, going home. Four times, now two more trees, more homes, and here a redeemed that flows. And the rest of us with five turn off the radio, the Parliament's name is Paul. The Spore again, and he speaks for a day, slowly, such a good time to him. The time for those who don't like to think, again, excitement from recocking the singing. The Spore again, Paul. Oh, no, I can't stop. More density entertainment, the bar was once their payments, contractual, food, reason, must be vests. Despite the ratings, if they have to pay the bill, and hope that the dollar's in all the issues, the rates are dead in part of the day, Paul. Time to make a sad with Paul, day, Paul. A rather huge event, exciting as the sound of drawing a ride, the time for those with trouble, getting late. It's part of the day, Paul. How? For life-class, that's all five's one spot open in the rosé, that's important, and miss on the day, Paul. No, what is this? On a little trickle off the third base line, a very good one. Take a line of third baseman, send me a thing, a lot of horsey quick. It's<|en|>, it's<|en|>, 10.03 at 5.60WQ. I was just telling George, we were sitting in here, replously listening to the last human to the worst team. I mean, replously with our mouths of gate going. And I said, only in this town, would there be this ongoing discussion? Oh, my god, the Orioles are playing a game in Cuba. And they're picking it outside the stadium up there, and the Orioles be playing. I'm not going to their games anymore. And that's right. I'm not going to go in any more goddamn Orioles games, okay? I'm so pissed off and fired up, right? Oh, yeah! And then that one guy that calls in all, when you know, a revolution's aren't started by one solitary thing, but this could be a seed, yeah, you got a seed all right, pal. You know what your seed is? I can't go in or pick it out. The amazement you might find in there. What an immvisilar conversation going on. You're in, of course, most of the colors you'll notice. They got one thing in common. The food would you look exactly the other time like that. Can't a life already, okay? I mean, I realize that you're enjoying having all your relatives over there starving to death and having no medical care and living like 20th World of Pesans. That's so wonderful. Just a proof of a point. Because, well, if we keep doing that, Fidel will go away. Won't he? No. No, well. It's just ridiculous. I'm on the face of it. It's ludicrous. They're piciting because, you know, everything has to be done in this community, according to a certain way, because, like the papers said yesterday, you know, these people have power. Everybody else who are insignificant and most of their power, unfortunately, is wasted with crap like this. About somebody playing a ballgame down there. See, what you don't understand is that the trick is, the Orioles didn't want to let this out of the bag, but the secret is they're going to be given balloons out. You know, like to give out little things for the kids and all the people that come to the game, and the balloons are really going to be a little tiny, blowable rubber rafts. That's right, and all the people who get the balloons at the game, they'll blow them up. They'll hop on the rubber raft in the middle of the night when Fidel is sleeping. And by the way, they'll all be right here. Oh, this is what we need. So there you go. What are you biction about? There's a method in your madness. But I guess, because everything else is so goddamn boring, let's make a big stimulus about this as usual in South Florida. Let's make a big to do about it, okay? All right. Yeah. Speaking of making a big to do, wow. I'll be forwarding it to the Adjo de Maggio business for the next 20 hours. We got a short show today, by the way. We got Marlins baseball, 1250 Dodgers, and Marlins up in Viera with Booge, Joel, and Dave. Here's today's in Cipad idiotic ridiculous ludicrous unacceptable letter to the editor in the Miami hero. Every day there's at least one. I think they're doing it just to make me happy. This one said, in fact, Joel, Joel Costello, would be happy to see this. It says, feature Formula One. While the hero of cover is most events worldwide, you provide two little coverage of the Formula One World Championship. The international draw of Formula One should warrant coverage, commensurate with the composition of the hero's readership, sign Bill Daniels in Western. Bill Daniels, I hate to break the news to you, but you know, we're not interested in Formula One. The number two, even if we were, the fact is that the hero of the sum is that most of their people that love their newspaper, no speaking in glaze, they're not pandering the people who speak English, and certainly the people that don't speak English are not interested in Formula One. So there you go, you lose Bill. Well, what a letter. A letter to the editor that even the Geneva Daily record of whatever their newspaper is would not publish. So anyway, being the one that always brings a reality back to earth because the media is not a controller. So just like with a Diana business, you're in a half ago, just like with all that crap, where the media decides what we're supposed to be all concerned about. Now they're doing the same thing with Joe de Mácio. And I hate to break that. And I mean, you talk about front page of the Sun Sentinel, front page of the hero's 50 billion words written. They even dug a top brocott, or better, earlier this morning, the Bob Costa has to get him out of law falls to bring them on their. But we'll then take to bring them on their papapa. And of course you do understand. And I know that Hank would agree with me on this, there's nothing worse than a they sports people off the name drop. Nothing worse than a fucking main drop. That was exactly. So costus is a well, I didn't know him well, but I knew it and I ate. He once probably went up an elevator in a hotel with him. He knew him. And that's exactly the point. And I love the article in there about Paul Simon and the Writing Mrs. Robinson, the song. And the reason that he put the, in fact, Mickey Maddle was on some show there. It didn't be between what would Paul Simon and during commercial break. He stirred up Paul Simon and said, how come you put Joe's name in there and not mine? So, well, it didn't, you know, your name didn't fit. Where have you gone Mickey Man? Well, it was the right number of syllables. He was going to put in where have you gone Mrs. Roosevelt? And then he decided, where have you gone Joe to measure? Because it's been in there. Because he was from the previous generation that he was talking about. Not for any particular reason. In fact, when they came right down to what they said, Paul Simon, why did you really put his name in there? He said, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. Just fit in. And you know, he did great work with the children's hospital and Hollywood. He cared about kids. That's great. That's a legacy that'll live on forever. That's fine. That's marvelous. But To the last two or three generations of us, including myself, since he retired in 1951, he was irrelevant. Oh, you can't see that. Am I just got it? Let me say it again. Show them as you. What's irrelevant? Like yesterday, when I took our make believe, Paul about Stanley Kubrick or Joe to measure with no contest. Because Stanley Kubrick's movies, you know, most of us have seen. In addition to which, like with movies, you go and you watch him again. If you're like him, like clockwork orange, I bet you a lot of people are going out and running or buying the movie, the video. Now, the Kubrick died. And they're going to watch it again. You can't watch Joe to measure his gains anymore. Because first of all, they basically television was almost not existent. It was very, very, very, they were just a little tiny bit of television. When he was still playing baseball. And most people of 1951 didn't have television sets, even though television existed. So most of us never saw Joe to measure play a baseball game. We did see the Mr. Coffee spots, which were, yeah, that's what they were. Oh, yeah. And we did see the film footage of him with the Yufagatez hanging from his lips, smoking all the cigars. And when we come back, I got to talk about that for a minute too, because, you know, what's good for the goose is good for the gander. Growing up, my hero in baseball was Nikki Mantle. But Nikki had a little problem there with Billy Martin and what he for. They used to like to have a few pops in a few more and he had a little liver problem, okay? And when Nikki Mantle had the liver transplant, you remember, I all the big semis about that. And oh, he got his name put ahead of everybody on the list. And this is a disgrace. And we focused in and he even did PSA, remember, about the drinking and about ruining your liver, read about how it's good with bacon and onions and I have good liver with the deli then. And Joe to measure, he'll be sitting in the back eating it, stuff like that. But with Joe to measure, you're getting that spot on his lung, the cancer. It was, and he got made it to 84th of miracle. He was a chain smoker in a society today that's screaming and yelling about the dangers and the evils of cigarettes smoking. How many PSAs ever Hamilton burger from law of permeation? That's old. Whatever the hell that guy's name was the actor. And all these other, I like, I like, I like, I like, I like, I like, I like, I like that. You, that smoking is not a very good idea. You know, that's stuff. Was there one word been written about that in the last two days? No, of course not. Because he's the Teflon icon. Yeah. The artist and the pop badly. New from the National Scientific Research Institute comes a product guaranteed to revolutionize the healthcare industry. To do it improve, I can't believe it's not an animal. And now from the president's council on health, actor Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yes, this product will clean your poop alike. Nobody's business. Excuse me, sir. Now demonstrate. Who me? Well, I really don't shut up and bend over. Stop being a little girl. Hey, get that. Hey, oh, that feels great. What an animal. It's not an animal. It's not an animal at all. It's new. I can't believe it's not an animal. That's right. The brand new icon, believe it's not an animal. Now with cutting edge leak fruit technology. No, mass, no fast, no tooth, young issues. Get yours today. 15 to 5 60 WQ. We got a big baseball game in 1250 today. Dodgers and Marlins from Viera. Then we got books. How I don't know, Jim manages and hangs on a way to Vegas. Jim manages from 4 until 6. And then we got books for half an hour. What can they have like managed to 4 to 6 30. I think you can probably handle it. And then anyway, at 6 30, we got the free game tonight. It's the big night, baby. Biggest game in the year tonight. It's in the Brawling in Boston. That's the fleet animal center. Biggest game in the year. Now last night, you know, you look at that. And you see that performance. Peter will well. Peter, the big black guy named Peter scores a goal. Robbie, need a higher score as a goal. Which we're and Ray, what did they say, God? Your hand Garpent lost 5 2 over Machuya. A pasting. And you want your game like that and you say, okay, well, a real team, please stand up. Please. We'll find out tonight tonight is the day, baby. Anybody talking about that? No, first not. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hi, how are you? Good morning. Yes, sir. I was just listening to the station to listen to the scores for the series of sports games. I've never called before, but I heard something on the show today that actually make me think that the US people were starting to grow up. And what is that? I was about that. The Baltimore Orioles. Yeah. Singing Cuba. It's a great, you know. Finally, people here are starting to grow up. No, they're not. That's what the call came in. Not in this part of the US, you're not. I had a, this is a big major issue. And of course, they won't call me. I brought it up yesterday. And I had no calls about it because they know I'll call them their full of crap. And they know they are full of crap. What difference is it make of any team goes there and plays a ballgame? Why can't we be like Canada and have realistic relations with Cuba? And then we'll reason being because it's all politics because we're pandering to a hard-ass constituency here that's living in a stone age. Why don't we have to force the people there to live in those conditions? You know, I'm just the illusion that we're going to force Castro out. But I don't want any where that's because they've been here for almost 40 years. I mean, this is not going to change it. Right. That's right. What I was saying is I have to admit, I'm not an American, I'm Dutch. Right. I was, I was thinking, oh, Duncan, Duncan. I was listening to the people make comments. And they were saying that this is bad for the US. And this makes the US lasting stock of the world. I have information from most Americans and Cuba. Everyone has been doing these last 40 years. That made them the lasting stock of the world. Now actually we respect the government or whatever the board's more you'll predict in this step People complaining now only makes worse right the set of hypocrites and you know something you wouldn't hear it anywhere else in America Only here in South Florida Exactly what's the point what the difference? Well, he's no game. Well, you're here right this country doesn't monograph and that's why we're in the Stone Age That's why we just went through 13 months of penis gave here about the president getting all sex because it's a we're in there You know and law law lay where else do you see that put here right? What a Bank of L Okay, all right Okay, our Dutchman there you go those people know what life is all about I told you that those people are like five thousand years ahead of us, but hey someday Too overwhelmed a date to a drought come on. Let's hear it from all you hysterical holios out there Let's stop the orials. Let's go out there and pick it to God damn stadium to a hell of the orials 560 and 560 on a mobile one line you spineless jellyfish you people living in the goddamn turd world you you turd world people you It's idiotic but anyway getting back to the thing with you to measure you did he do a PSA before he died I mean we know he's been dying for months now. Did he do a PSA going on or saying since he cared so much about kids This is what I don't understand he would have been the perfect guy to do it since we're supposedly so concerned about cigarettes And how they give you cancer lung cancer and how they kill you Did he go out there and do a PSA say hey I guess what I lost a long I'm dying over here because Smoked all those cigarettes you kids out there don't get started. It's a nasty habit. It'll kill you It's a did he do that? No, no But he's the Teflon icon and these this word icon whoever the media decides was an icon is an icon And like I've tried to tell you the last two days. I realize I'm the one lonely voice I'm not trying to pee on anybody's parade I'm just trying to tell you the way it actually is most people today don't give a crap about your Remasio because he isn't relevant to us in any way Shape or form he was a great baseball player period That's it and he was any four years old and he's been dying for months But of course they had all this material built up for weeks and months You know, so they had to spew it out. I mean, why waste the effort, you know Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello Hey Neil yes, sir. I'm taking up the collection. I'm gonna read the CSK both Yeah, couple of them and and and I'm gonna put all the Cubans that complain about the US government. Yes put them on as including Rocks late and then they're gonna gross late, then yes, right? The animals in the village got in everyone who's picketers that can clean up up their last days If they don't like it get on the boat all right, right? All right, I say send the Haiti would be good. Let them sow some baseballs exactly and just make sure Fedello get a hold of okay. Thank you If bacteria go and leave it to Neil to come up with a solution what a genius I am Thank you We can send a whole bunch of Cubans to Haiti They can sow the baseballs that go to Cuba because you know if it was a big baseball fan They got their two-binational team and then they can put you know like a lot bomba inside the baseball Huh Of course probably kiddo won't be the guy that you know get hit by that baseball, but nevertheless it's worth a shot You know Oh, hey, it's better than an appoyaging a cigar It's better than that powder on their shoes whatever it had we're doing you know that didn't work too good come on to it. I'll take a powder Obsessive just obsessive the appoyed it this for years the Cubans here are as neurotic and obsessed with Cuba As a lot of the old Jews are with Israel and let me say it again just like Joe to Matthew I think there's a lot of commoner Cuba Israel and Joe to Matthew none of the three are relevant to my life in any way Shape or form How do you like that? Prairie not so profound statement Obvious and most of you who are sitting out there right now even though you've been brainwashed and believing that some of the above are relevant to your life And they're not in any way Let's get on with life. Let's live the real life like what's going on here, okay? And if you're really cared about the people over there You wouldn't be putting on this big stink and trying to prevent them from getting food and then I heard Joe rose with that great line at the end of the show there Almost came up with a good line about a thing change there since the Pope was there No, no All that bullcraft all those lies from the media. Oh and what's your name there? That Christiana Amantour from CNN just peeing all over everybody over all the Pope the Holy Father Yeah, do it a religious exercise on TV Anything changing no, but I'll leave him no Some religious conversion no Did he bring them anything of substance? No, no medical supply no food no rubber rafts no Condoms no oh God forbid she's here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Oh, what's he with who you calling the show kneel? You're speaking with me. Oh Hello, sir. Yes, you're good morning. I just wanted to see you Well, yeah, I don't I'm gonna I'm a Cuban American and I just wanted to say that five years and now I've come to conclusion where I think there's more Cuban communist here in Miami as they are in Cuba. Yeah, I'm in a human communist Exhavenous, there's much as communist as a Cuban in the island Yeah, and the reason I say this is because why they left is they left Cuba If they left Cuba because of the dictatorship or they can They didn't feel free to speak. How come they prevent the people the Cuban over here anybody else to say any And that might be a Fenticism. I mean just you know you don't mean communist to mean fascists Oh, fascists like like for here's you about Tista. He was a real a well-known fascist And this is the former government that these people learn that's right. They love fascism in other words You can have freedom of speech as long as you agree with them But as soon as you say something different, ah, but I think better boom, you know Well, you're 100% like Double and double as you for a least you're you're maybe a man a cat I know you're gonna use it And you remember your car a little more much over than any car, but okay, but you have the voice of reason All right, thank you very much. It has a nice day. And after came to a fetus Okay, we have it over see he even he likes the least Miguel. Oh by the way speak in a music Oh, Boker Brian since the huh the mistakes and hush your buy. Thank you, Boker Brian I don't care what that old fart in Miami says about you. We love Boker Brian. He sent me a thing Many disc with all kinds of good stuff funner. He's got a little star by the elegance And he's also got a Frankie Lyman cut on there, which is not oh boy, wait till you're that talk about black bubble gum I thought bubble gum was supposed to be pink Here's a mobile and highly a garden. So, uh, hey, you're good morning Yes, sir, listen. I'm about 35 we're all the Cuban And I am sick and got them tired already of all these middle-to-views including my family Okay, they want to kill Castro through the radio shows that Rao Mantey every time you go to my mom's house Is Rao Mantey and they're gonna go here and go Yeah, he's been 40 goddamn years You don't like it. He goes back to Cuba already you guys Jesus Christ. Do you really want to do something? Castle go that out back to Cuba Live up a boat then machine as or whatever you guys do Are you out for 66 and all you fanatics out there Jesus Christ get a life Where if you're gonna do something alright it's been 41 41 years already. All right all right. Well said pal What do you say? You see the effort in the Miller? I think you do you got a little more right said Ask the K Okay, we have an open line a day what a Broward 560 505 60 and a mobile one line This is just a warm-up show for the Marlin game today. I think we got the big Marlin dog your game any interest in that no 1250 today Yeah, we're sick and tired. I'm speaking for the overwhelming majority of the people in this community ladies and gentlemen We are sick and tired of all this in session. It never ends his story over nothing If you want to exert some effort go do something positive Go help some of the lonely people in the old folks home go like the masio did into the hospital in the spend some time with dying kid Do something positive in your life instead of expanding all this energy Huck in a China about the same old tired bull crap. He's there. It's like dogs bang at the moon Okay, you can go out there and how will it the freaking moon up there when the sky until the cows come home and the moon ain't going away So you can keep screaming and yelling and howling and carrying on with the same old tired Warren out like this guy just said and you know something you might as well go fart in a windstorm Oh I think somebody already did 27 after 10 I say let's hear it for the Orioles. Okay, let's hear it for them. Have a little college to go up there and then maybe You know do something for pubic relations Maybe they'll find somebody over there who can play India is sick a neat self-badness attention football fans in the past you've had the opportunity to show off your team spirit Which team logo credit cards team logo jewelry and even team logo dinner wear well You got all that and now you want to show the viewer the ultimate football fan So for the rest of this NFL season official NFL tattoo artists will be touring the country Looking for a few brave souls to have their favorite NFL team logo tattooed on their ass show it off in the locker room Or it works You're a girl for a kid and you're a girl for a team rival tattooed on her ass that way before the big game each year You can do more than just say them you can actually do it The L. T. logos are you a real fan then fill that blank fan You 10.560 WQM. We have an open line in date to a grower at 5.670560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir Yes, I can believe this moron so-called bag of humans They're talking about walking more going to To cube us to play and cube What are they going to get accomplished by the one day is there freedom of Cuba? No, yeah, we just have dinner about it No, do they let you do anything about one Do they let you do anything as somebody stopping you from getting on your banana boat and going over there and doing You're a deal Yeah, they do the ghost are stop at every time we try to go Sorry, the Coast Guard will you know they get a very small number you gotta be creative first You got to go on the first you got to go on the Everglades suit yourself in the foot Right We don't want we don't want this blow-wise. We're gonna go there. We want to do our door ourselves, but they don't let us Well, there's that the Orioles aren't going there to a fight of war. They're going there to play a baseball game, sir And what and what are they going to get accomplished? What are they going to get accomplished? I want to freak you by it's got to go and let me say it again. They're not well, what's the the pope of the accomplish? No, Dan, saying and we want to hear you Well, if you were much more you speaking out against that what I was on the air here talking about the fact it was going to accomplish nothing Did you call me and tell me it was a waste of time No, I didn't did anybody else Yes, they did no they did not Did they not no they did not Well, I'm talking out they're very well brainwashed Catholics and they don't dare to criticize the pope But if the Orioles are going to go over there to play a ball game right away You're are they're going to freak Cuba Because you that's the problem you had a chance to get them out 40 years ago and you blew it Okay, everybody turn tail and they ran They ran Forget about Kennedy the people over there had a chance to overthrow Castro they didn't do it. Okay, they all ran The people who were the halves they all got to hell out and they let the harem not behind the lid like poppers If it's kind of what it done when he was supposed to dance a long time ago To hell with Kennedy, okay, thank you there you go. There's there is right there. That's what you got that's what this sounds all about to hell with Kennedy He blew it One call left on the board. Okay, we can wrap this up early. Let's crack that Marla's baseball game up real soon Two open lines in Broward all a day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty See if you come on here and you tell them what they want to hear then they'll talk you But when you tell them the truth which is not what they want to hear then all of a sudden they can't deal with it Are there there how many times did I tell this guy they're going to do play a ball of ball game They're going to do a play a baseball game. They're not going there to fight a war They're not going to go there to overturn the government baseball teams. I hate to break the news here They don't go to China. They don't go to Europe. They don't go to the North Pole. They don't go to other countries to fight wars They're not going there with rifles. They're going there with baseball bats Which don't work too while against machine guns last time I checked God His steracle and let me say it again the pole went there didn't do a god dancing except a bunch of empty rhetoric and the media Covered like was the second god dance Hot ring okay like this was gonna be the moment of truth and oh, but I mean, but about a religious freedom Yes, right All just a big god damn hype job That's what how many times if I told him that the whole world is nothing but a hype job just like his judge manual business Hollywood hello Yes, sir. I was reading the paper this morning It's a appropriating about $900 million to help the people out in central America were mixed devastated those countries Yeah, I like to see you know this predominantly Catholic down there. I like to find out how much okay Whatever you said. I thought there was some word in there. Yeah other catholic charities are doing a lot Tells of people down there, but as far as coming from the Vatican No, they're too busy. You know about all that art and pornography they got over there. They can't afford to sell land We have an open line in Broward 560 But again, again the Pope comes to Cuba here a few months ago Doesn't leave a dime Doesn't leave does he bring medication? Does he bring anything for people who are living an absolute poverty and desperation does he bring anything except a bunch of empty words? No, no And I got news for when he oryels leave after that game on the 20th of March Which they will play on sure that after is anything that a change no Is anything supposed to change? No, so let's plan Kennedy. Let's dig up his body without the brain in it Let's dig up JFK and just hang them up in the middle of a domino part and you can all put a big But I will you beat the crap out of it. Okay, make you feel better. Yeah Make you feel better. We'll put Bobby next to him too. We'll hang him side by side just like musseline is wife Yeah, they hang them side by side and the Italians but I mean that whole bag another day that you know they're hanging by a rope Just like Roberto Calvary. Oh, I don't want to go to that bad bad bad bad a conviking scandal Long history. Oh You'll never get it back Now that's our poll question today. Who would you rather alone money to okay the Vatican or stand major? And who you got a better chance of getting it back from? Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. What do you think will happen when Castro actually does die? Anything change? No, of course not his brother's gonna take over and he's the the same piece of gravity is exactly So what are we so what are we wasting our time for In addition to which why do these did these people want it back for what are they gonna go back? No No Do they care about the people over there now? Obviously not So so what's what it's just something you know when you've got hot blood, you know when you got this hot latin blood You got to get all whipped up about something. I mean you can't have cock fights 24 hours a day and Bullfighting is illegal in this country so we're gonna have some outlet for all this ah, but I mean, but I'm about you know those history And so the outlet has been for the last 40 years You know what's it? It'll come in you stop come on you said come on that that's been it It's a tired old stock record and it's one thing for the old Radium on B crowd but they hear the young people call in this morning at the end there are the worst thing That's sad When you're gonna stop being brainwashed when you go to think for yourself Cuba it's just it's just like I tell you about Sri Lanka Which used to be say lawn look on the world map right under India there's a in fact Look at Sri Lackan scream at it you turn because that's what it is and it's the same with Cuba Cuba is a little Sure that fell out of Florida Even pop today we on now there Right, so it's a turd I'm in Puerto Rico. Well Ricky Martin even he knows what that's all of us Talk and by the way how come Ricky Martin speaks perfectly English when he's accepting the Grammy and when he's doing that Puerto Rican tourist But it's better be better. But he's doing what he a heavy assent though. What is that all of us? Huh Doesn't understand that we're not all from the Bronx. Doesn't he get it? Yeah, it's sick. I mean talk about me. That's how much Oh Okay Yeah Oh Oh Oh Is I Wish that not a binoculars, but it anyway. So I'll come in the pulp was there, this big. I loved the way you George said, the vicar of Christ on her. Just the way you said that, I got to emotional. My appendix started twitching again when you said that. How come when he was there? He doesn't at least do a goddamn exercise. I'm sorry. There you go. The power of Christ compels you. Yeah. The power of Christ compels you. Just a hand shake in the kiss and that was it. Look at this, gross point, Michigan. Hello. Yes sir. How's it going today? Great. I talked to you a couple years ago before the red wings won the Stanley Cup. Yes, welcome to a foreign country, by the way. Yeah, that's okay. Red wings are a staggering these days. Hey, you know, I've got my maple leaves who got screwed over time last night by the referee. Yes. Are we getting killed by stole right now? Yeah. Yeah, I wish I was where you are. Son of you, and about 78 here right now, I would say. Yeah. Well, maybe in July. Of course, it still blows, but at least we got nice weather. That's right. Hey, I was wondering if I could pick up a couple of your CDs or tapes or whatever you got produced now. My kids and I haven't heard you're showing a long time. I just downloaded the player to listen to the radio show on the internet. Right. And so we're kind of addicted again here in Michigan. And they're in schools all day. So I can't let them listen. If you check our website on technelrodgers.com, then you can order it right from there. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. Well, that'll work. And be sure to say how my friend Dick in the different. Now, you know what? His daughter is on the morning TV show, the TV news every morning. Joe and really? Not bad looking. How do you like that? Yeah. You know, so he procreated. He's got five daughters. You don't. Yeah. I didn't know that. Next time he calls, I'm going to have to talk to him about that. You see, you know, more than I do about him. Yes, I do. He's great. Yeah. He's good guy. He loves me. Well, let's have a great time, pal. Hey, you two. I'll see you. All right. Go, Lee, let's go. Oh, he was Red Wing fan. Okay. We have two open lines in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I challenge anybody out there. My age or younger. My age or younger to call in and tell me that Joe to Matthew is was in any way relevant to our lives. And I'm not trying to be a hard ass. I mean, you guys died. I did not happen to say anybody. I was 84. He did smoke too many cigarettes. But it's another, this should be a message to all you people out there. There should be a tremendous lesson. The way the medium and nitpilates public opinion. They don't just report the news. They decide what is news. How important it is and how we're supposed to react to it. That's the worst part of the whole deal. Like the Diana business. I mean, the Diana was part of British pop culture. And the British are a bunch of silly twists to begin with. We all know that. But the media decided that Princess Diana, this very princess, she was the most important goddamn woman in the world. Mother Teresa, that old wrinkled up bag. She died like a couple of days later. She got like maybe two of our words at the bottom of the page somewhere. Because she was wrinkled up old bag. But she was supposed to be running around the world. Of course, maybe if she wouldn't have a hot so much that old, the Catholic line. Maybe we'll have to respect it or more. But nevertheless, she at least dedicated it to life to going around the world and doing what she believes and even though it may have been from the Stone Age, the nevertheless she did her best. She was a very princess who was by the way born into a lot of money and married into an enormous amount of money. And you know, and then you know, had her public relations people sitting around getting involved in things that she knew nothing about. Like landmine, stuff like that. Oh my God, she was a, she was nothing. But she was, she was a Vimbo. But here we had, you know, this whole thing staged, I mean, for days on in an Elton John is still Hawking a goodbye, you know, the whole thing. Did I give her crap? No, of course not. And then of course, then her brother gets up there and he with his big speech about the paparazzi. And he's, you know, ripping the crap out of the civil, civil Spencer. And that is named, and we find out that he's a philanthropist and a money grabber. He's selling tickets to a goddamn museum up there by the, uh, for her body is buried. They're all, but they're all scum, okay? And with all the respect to my British friends out there, thank God you're here because as many problems as we got here, the British are scum. Ponds gum. Tony Blair said that in Parliament the other day. And they all went, here, here, here, yeah. They know, they don't know what they'd tell you. They just like making sound. Go to a whole sound. They, the British. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hello, look, I would just like to clear two things. Number one, those Cubans, we love this country because there's a misconception that we don't like it here. And we love it here. Yeah. We think this country is great in that. But let's get with it. Okay. Let's get with the program. But the thing now, the second thing I would like to ask you to do. Because you know, it's baseball. That's the American fucking way. That's right. Baseball is where it's at. That's like I am the science Chevrolet and you're a. And Mickey, and Mickey Mendel. We do have like the Baltimore Warriors to go to Germany to inhalers to inhalers age and go first. First of all, we were at war with Hitler. Okay. Are we fighting a war with Castro? Are we at war with Cuba? Well, but forget about the war. Okay. Does he say the missiles not this Cuba jeopardize our security? Yeah. They do, but how do they do that? What do you mean? I mean, Castro himself has said that United States is enemy. He hates this. Castro represents a threat to our security. Well, I don't know that because I don't have that kind of information. Well, go find out. Call me back when you know something other than just emotional brainwashing. Call me back. It's over that crappy old nuclear power plant. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. There you go. And by the way, the Olympics was allied dreaming. Didn't they hold the Olympics in 1936 in Munich? Or am I just dreaming? Or was it known as in Berlin? The UNIC was the one with a actual rally. That was in Berlin. Was it 1936? And was it Hitler there? With a smiling, beaming face? Yeah. And Jesse Owens, he was running there. They were too crazy about that. Right? Yeah. That was in Germany. Right in the middle of God's day, Molly was taking over Czechoslovakia and taking over all of Europe. Sir, sir, what you don't understand my naive young friend is this. That when it comes to world politics, just like all the business in Kosovo and the business in Uganda, where they were bushing people by the thousands. And then kill the eight tourists over there a few days ago. There's a lot of talk. There's a lot of talk. But when it comes right down, when push comes to show, until we actually start getting threatened, all depending on who the week is, nobody does a goddamn thing. If Hitler wouldn't have invaded England, if he wouldn't have been bombing England, if he wouldn't have invaded Russia, if he wasn't so goddamn greedy, the rest of the world would have stood by. And he couldn't have done whatever it only wanted to do. When he invaded Czechoslovakia, and never chivalrous in there, he never stole a freight train. He's not such a bad guy. It won't be so bad. So don't be so goddamn naive, sir. You know, something like K in the goddamn Godfather 1. Go watch that movie, sir. Who's being naive now, Julio? Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The Cuban is really, really, really cast, right? Yeah. I get out of Cuba in the Miami. Take them down to the closest part of land to Cuba. Yeah. The failing wind would have to be right, too. Yeah. You don't want, like, beans, rice. Yeah. Watermelon, okay. Great. Okay, chili peppers. Okay, we have an open line today. 5, 6, 7. Oh, 5, 60. That's only the Schwarzier, a rookie woman. You're talking about. He wants to be the leader. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump 5, 60 on the mobile online. Well, I mean, if that's what we're going to solve problems, then how about we just take all the Schwarzier and put them on a guy named E. Norma and ship with the profiling wind going right? Oh, I guess this ship has an engine, but never less or less. Well, my brother with that, you know, let's just, let's fate have some of the handle that and send them to Africa, right? I mean, if that's the kind of crap you're going to talk, Christ, take all the old Jews will put them on a you know, a leaky old boat and the profiling wind, you sent them to Israel. It's a long way. We got to work our way to that, you know, huh? What do they call that? Where'd your brawl to raise? What is that? The straight to brawl. Like I said, the straight to well, they're not all straight there. I've been there. Through the straight to moonage, your brawl or the Mediterranean, oh, hope that maybe the winds are, you know, we don't want them to wind up like a little off course in Syria, God forbid. We have an open line in date, 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, I mean, that's the American way right there, baby. That's the American. Yeah, send them all back where they came from. That's what the Indians are all saying. Yeah, you bet. FNA, baby. Send a back where they came from these barbarians. In fact, you know, that's what they used to say. You want to smoke the peace pipe? No, just go back where you came from. Here's sunrise, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I agree with basically everything you're saying. Joe, to match you, you know, it's going by my life. Right. And we do work a big deal. As far as the Catholic Church and the Orioles are going to Cuba, you're right. What can I say? I guarantee if the Pope was leading the entourage again, if he was making a comeback, all the way in Cuba, if he was there with the Orioles at the same time, they don't be going, oh, pop by El Papa smoke at a dope by, yeah, Hallelujah. You know, we know that. The Bishop of Baltimore is actually the prime ADUS. That was the truth. How come this guy to call before they want to know why the Orioles were just playing a baseball game, or could overthrow the government? How come he didn't ask that of the Catholic Church when the Pope was there? How come they didn't overthrow the goddamn government? You read some of the pronouncements from the Pope, you said you kind of get the ADUS every week, you know, the ADUS. Yeah, oh yes. So you know, the other thing is, I mean, the whole ADUS. I'm going to do my part. There's a Catholic Church up in Tamarack called Tamalaka. Yeah. They've got the fixed sign with a CD. That's an allocations. That's a good idea. So I was with the IRS yesterday, right? I found out who the right to. We're going to see about the tax exempt status. All right. Nice to answer. All right. Take it easy, Neil. Take it to him, pal. I'm going to try. All right. Oh, wow. This is the show of friendship and brotherhood today. Oh. In other words, everybody go back where you came from. Oh, 1057 is 560 WQ and much of prevailing wins. It's a laughing gambler, that I go one. We're not whole five, don't see phrases. And I go back to old finds. That I bought you a brand new graces for the bush between your signs. I don't want to hurt your beauty. But if you care about all about that, just try to trim a little off the side. With your huge hair, little is a bit of a mess of time. Not just one, I've given it a lot of time. But I can try and go for a spot. I agree with you, you would change the life and rhythm. I don't want to wear a soup and win up down the tweed your name. And this smell is kind of getting. You could use a black nourishing. I've got trillions through the juggles that borrow the grill that you got. Because I feel like I've had a sex with these times. When you're huge and a little is a bit of a mess of time. And I just fall like a gift from a star. Or I can try and go for a spot. Every time we do this, I swear at you, I think this is it. I think you should drop the drop. You want to drop the drop. You want to drop through a spot. It's 11.03 at five, 60, the beginning. We have a rower line, go for it about 206, 705, 60. We got violent baseball. Any interest? No, what's the level? At 1250 today, the dodges in the Marlins of Vera. We got the Panthers in Bruins, biggest game of the year tonight. Seven o'clock from Fleet End of the Center in Boston. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, Selam. Hello, me, O'er. Yes, sir. Are you done? Great. I agree with you most of the time. I actually almost every time. Uh-huh. But the thing that you say. But there's always a bite. It's funny when you talk to where you talk about old-school and on-in-q-ro. Yes. Do you have an experience, too? Have you? Yes, I have. Yes, and. I came here on O's 10. Okay, and basically, uh, we have a leave or die. Because it's no food. Just I think I'll go on on over there. That's just profitable or for your well-being. I mean, it's a nightmare over there. And what's one of the reasons that exists? Excuse me? There's one of the main reasons that those conditions exist in that degree because of this idiotic American embargo against Cuba. When I left, there was no embargo against Cuba. But there is now. There is one now. Yeah. We have gotten, of course, they've gotten worse. See, I don't understand people who have relatives in a country that's 90 miles away, who evidently don't seem to care who are willing to watch them starve and get no medical supplies and live like poppers in order to make a point. I don't understand that. I don't get it. That the reason why you don't want to, especially the thing thing that happened with the Jews. Who did you? Yeah. The same thing that happened. You're a Holocaust, what the Jews Holocaust is, it's a Holocaust with Fidel. Basically, you can't understand it because like, like, that's another word. Next thing, in other words, Castro rounded up Cubans, all the dissidents, and he put them on trains and he sent them a kind of group of people. You want to be. And they all want to take a shower, is that it? If you want to be literal, of course, you know, that's not what happened. So why was you basically, why don't Cubans? I was just telling you before during the break. Cubans always like to make that comparison. It's part of this comparative misery thing. We've got to figure out where we can compare it to. Would you like it to compare it to? Oh, how can we compare it to? Okay, now you have to like it. I don't compare it. No, don't compare it to anything. Just describe what it really is. You don't have to compare it to anything. Well, it's something kind of a context. This was the most persecuted. Which is that a context? It's definitely not a context. We also want to win a constant of misery. Yeah. But I mean, you brought up the Holocaust. You brought up the Holocaust. You brought up the Holocaust. Okay, and I just got through saying a little while ago that people in this country who are obsessed with Israel are crazy people. Okay, for the people. I agree with you. Why can't we be obsessed with Cuba? You're living here? I'm not. I'm not. See that's the thing. It's not that I'm a session to you. I couldn't kill that. If they didn't kill that. I wouldn't go there and play a ball game, which they will. I can't kill the national team goes to canned in yards and plays an exhibition game. Which they will make nothing. Nothing is going to change. It's going to make no difference. So what's the point? What's on a village above? What's all the point there? The point is that when you speak, when you say things like you live 90 miles away and you don't care about your relatives, that's why I'm this certain true. Okay? There's certain things that you just can't do. As much as you want to be there. Why not? Why not? Take one guy with a gun and go over there. It's not going to happen. I'm not going over there and bringing them some cash. Bring them whatever you want to bring them. How about going over there? You can't. Why don't you go? Well, that's the point and that's what I just got through asking you. Why do we need the embargo? What's the point? Other than the satisfy a bunch of politically psychotic people. What's the thing? As for it? Adding vote for it? Yeah. It wasn't. It wasn't. It wasn't. It wasn't. It wasn't. That's the way it is. The only way the only reason why I brought it to Holocaust. I would be reason why I brought those things up is because the only way that I can basically you understand what we're going through as a family. Not as tubans. We can't tubans as a family. How would you like your family members to call you and tell you, you know, we have nothing to eat. Yeah. We can't do it. We'll let you know how come the Pope, the Catholic Church, didn't bring them something to eat. Because he's a pawn. He's just a figure. He has no power. He's an idiot. He's a pawn. He doesn't. He has no power. Opened up his mouth. He got an execution cancel right here in this country. He got it was on death row. He has no power. He's all a son. He got it with a multiple murderer. Murdered three people and called blood. It was supposed to be executed. He comes over here and opens up his big mouth and a guy who's not even a Catholic who's a Protestant says, okay, whatever you say, Pope, he's an icon. That's all he's an icon. You're a guy named. Okay. Have a good one. He's the Teflon icon. I'll read it there. The Pope is a freaking icon. I'll write everyone. Job sir. And we all say anybody with a brain agrees. Epham. Epham's the simplest junior. The Pope. So the old man in a goddamn dress. And you know something. A lot of the people just like this guy. And I'm not saying I'm not going to have no idea whether he's going to go to church. Whether he's going to put money in that collection basket. Somes that I just corrupt bull crap. People who really need. We're talking about living and breathing people. You can argue. You can argue philosophy. You can argue about government. You can argue about all the theoretical horsecraft in the world. People have no food on the table. Don't care about the area. They want God damn food to put in their goddamn public. That's it. I'm not going to be a fucking complicated. No God, itches and papel things are totally. I'll just have to pay. Tired of the same old flavors of yogurt. Cherry, strawberry banana, garlic, blueberry. Hmm. Well look out taste buds. Prepare yourself. Palette for Proudsons. Troud on the bottom of yogurt. Troud on the bottom of the bottom. Troud on the bottom of the bottom. Troud on the bottom. Troud on the bottom. Troud on the bottom. Troud on the bottom. Troud on the bottom. Proudsons. Troud on the bottom of yogurt. Combining to the delicious attributes of yogurt. Party chunks of rainbow trots. No frills. No guilt. Just great take. Cruisin straddle the bottom yogurt. Regular and DI. It's 113 at 5. 50 W.C. What an old gold stain state. All those crazy old Cubans outside for a lot of nail. Stay to the other day. You're looking for more old holes. Something like that. I mean talk about yeah. And air every single time. Whether it's a performer that went over and shook the nails hand. Whether it's somebody that gave them a peck on a cheek. Well, especially if it's a guy. I mean no matter what it is. Same old tired song and dance. But not the Pope. But the Pope goes over because you're all very well brainwashed. And the cat's got your tongue. I remember when he was here. I remember when the Pope was over there just before he said meet me in say Louis Louis. And I tried to elicit some kind of calls. I tried desperately. I begged. I pleaded like I usually do. I used my tweezers to try to find somebody out there that I could squeeze out of a radio land. To open up a mouth of the cup. Catched up at the tongue. Because it's ill-papa. And now that he's gone. What did he do? Nothing. Not a zippity-duda. Not a thing. Here's a lady in Hailea. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, I thought it was about time for a woman to get in on this meal. All right. I've never done this before. But nevertheless. The color mask was casual, a threat to our security. Yes. I'm not a psychological nurse. And I can tell you because he is doing his psychological warfare. All those prisoners that are criminals at the Chrome detention center. They can't at me sent back to Cuba. He's working at real good, baby. Let me tell you. So, you know. Well, let me ask you something. Is he the one that's controlling what's going on across? Is he going to make that law? No. I don't think so. I'm not a hundred percent. How is he controlling that? Uh, is. Oh, that's right. It's psychological. Well, is because that's what if he is. Is he got that woodpecker going again? Is that him? What if he is controlling? He doesn't have a woodpecker. Yeah, I am. You guys? Yep. If he is controlling. He's going to make some of those high-pitched sounds and drives us crazy. Look how much he thinks was found. You know, how does things get worse? I never called anybody before. You know, can you keep on talking? I'm sure. Yeah. I'm 80 years old. Please. I know. I'm a retired nurse and a private pilot. No, not. A private pilot? Yes. I just want one of those rescue to the doose-bag machines over there. Oh, I would have lost. Is it the rescue? Well, I've been on a rescue mission when I was 30. Right. And who do you rescue? We were out. We belong to the Civil Air Patrol Monthus in the night. We had an airport. If it's possible, southeast, not west, you were in the air. I hope we went west, honey. We were with the river forest. We went west, out over the water and found some people for the coast guards. All right. So, I'm thinking about it. Right. But, Neil. There's no kidding. Now, let me tell you. It's going to cost us money. Whoever's doing it, we're going to cash those. There's another creep. Yeah. So, keep these guys to crawl or transfer them to other prisons. Let me do this. Why don't we just send them back? Are you kidding? Oh. So, what is it, honey? If they're criminal, how about all the people that are being held there who didn't really basically do much of anything that we're just holding there? Yes. You mean, you mean, you're like, you're being killed in that? On again. Oh, yeah. Neil. But I thought this was the land of the free. I thought this was just this. So, I want to know where in limbo forever. They're doing the limbo rock. Yeah. But I want to know. Yeah. They're a, they care Cuban children, Christians, cool. Yeah. And, oh, yeah. I agree with you. In my way, speaking of Christian school, Hacca, I'm the Pope, but I didn't leave us anything when he was over here. That's what I wanted, no, honey. I used to be Catholic, and I ain't no more. Good for you. Okay. All right. Neil, thanks a lot. I enjoyed it. And say, how did the Virgin Mary? That was a great day to you. Okay. He's coming over to Rosa's house in four days. Well, look at that. Let's see. The 10th, the 11th. This Saturday is the 13th. This Saturday, Shabbos, the Virgin Mary will be at Rosa Lopez's house in Hollywood. Let's hear it for the Virgin Mary. All right. Open line in date, 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in, uh, sea ranch lake, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I thought that Robert, I thought Robert Catta and died. Yeah, no, she's still, she's still cranking him on. That's tough to flacker. That's okay. That's okay. This is Gator Tom. I'm on my pool service route. Yeah. Did you happen to see, if anyone caught about the guiding light yesterday and who represented any button? Oh, yeah. Johnny Cockrie was on there for about 10 seconds. So leave it? Yeah, I already saw the previous for that. So I knew it was coming. And then, talk about a media hallmise demand. Absolutely. And I understand that he's a legend in his own mind. Look, I'm on the pool right all the time. I can't help letting you act in there. I usually watch it at 5 o'clock on the small dish. Yeah. Do you tell us what your days ago that CBS is going to be canceling the network of affiliation on the dish? Yes. Oh, no. They already, they already killed mine. All right. I already got the litter. It's already long gone on the big dish. History. Oh, this is too. I'm not being able to see it. Okay. Well, this is a good day. And I agree with you. We're going to be able to see. You can't pick up channel four. Well, yeah, but I'm not doing pool. Yeah. I'm cleaning pool with that out. If you're, you might not just set up your eye. No, I see that's the problem with me. My VCR is set up to the satellite and I got a popsicle around and chains all the way around because of this damn Alan Sheckland and Channel for this TV fascist. That's right. And you expect the other affiliate to follow? Or Foxes already. It's Fox and CBS. Oh, for other. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Well, thanks. Okay. Have a great day. So if you like cartoons, we're, you know, cartoon characters, part of it. It's where a lot you're in big trouble. If you watch them on the dish. We have an open lock. Because that's what Foxes is all about. Open line and Broward. Five, six, seven and let me tell you if there's a word show that's ever been on Telugu probably or something. But the expiles. What is, what is the, what is that? People like green slime? It's a brain fork. She's a phrase. I don't give a shit. Exactly. I just got through a plan. The excess is song. If you want to see green slime, go talking on the blurb on it. She knows about her pee soup. Huh? She takes you knows all about doing a good pee. Right there on the floor. You're going to die out there. We have an open line and Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six. And how about William Freedkin? He's not dead yet, but something he will be. Now that'll be controversial. Because everybody else in Hollywood hates him like poison. He turned out to be a real asshole, I guess. Made some great movies. Or some of his other great movies beside the excess. William Freedkin. That Fox guy will fix you a whole little bit. That's why I asked because I know he would do it. Well, we're getting old and seen out. What do we know? Seriously, the excesses and nobody else would touch that man. I mean, they were like real nervous about it. And guess who got real upset about that? Not the Catholics. And guess who got upset when it came out with Godfather 1? Do you reject Satan? Yes, I reject him. Yeah, right. And in the meantime, my uncle was rejected Satan. They were fucking mad at me. But I'm always the old. All of you got there might be leaks too. Yeah. Here's my maybe, tell him. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Great. I was one of the bring-bys of the Utah my yesterday. I mean, I can't recall you. I don't know about the rest of it. Yes, about all the things that were actually right. Oh, that's not true. I rest in the last one. Okay. I believe you. Oh, do we believe him? Yeah, we believe him. I just took a poll. Everybody say, we believe you. There's something to be like a token straight guy. No, I guess I may. Well, why did you, what I don't understand is why was straight guy is want a grapple around on the floor and, you know, grab each other. What? I don't know. I just like the sport. What did you like about it? The composition. I played third in the state in 1986. All right. You know, but when the guy's excited. Any of the guys that you wrestle against, I mean, that they, you ever noticed that they were grappling in places a little bit too often to, you know, that they were, well, you know, an happens, but I didn't think of them. I'm not the time. I didn't, you know, I just went out there to wrestle. I didn't go out there to do anything else. Right. Square. The match didn't have a wouldier or anything. No, right. Yeah, but maybe they did. They're problems. So, I don't always have good idea to pin the other guy because if you're on top, you can't get into too much trouble. No, well, you know, wrestling is good exercise, a good sport. You know, you could think what you want. But, you know, maybe there are a couple of fights in the sport. What are two probably, yeah? Yeah. Well, you know, let me tell you something. I'm going to turn pro when there may be in the world rest of the Federation. Then you really find the facts. Okay, pal, good luck to you. All right. Well, you know, with the wrestling, you can get down with those tights on. Oh, man. Now, that's got to be, hey, that's just like the farting contest never done on me before. I bet your Lord Wendysmeer would have been great wrestling. Oh, man. There he goes again. The other guy's going to be just swooning, passing out on the mat. Open line and day. See, this, a lie is kidding. He just can't face the fact that he's out there grabbing a bunch of, uh, fangs. And they're grabbing his, uh, I don't want to say, oh, I mean, yeah. That's what you were doing. And of course, now these years later, now he's going to have a complex about it the rest of his life. He's going to feel bad. He was, uh, doing all, you know, all kinds of homo erotic stuff that he was doing in the end and realize it, right? All of these things. Right. That's what I was trying to get at. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. When was this? When was this? I have something to say that might be controversial to a lot of Cubans here. Oh, we're going to do that. Sorry. I was there. I was 15 years old when Castro came to power. And we had to flee. And my lost money and property in my police is, we had. Yeah. I don't remember. I guarantee a lot of the people over there in Agas, police. But the problem would be surprised if he doesn't have a police in his beard. Uh, could be never, what should it? But the problem is, I, I got angry this morning. I've never called the radio station before and I got angry with one thing. Yes. We Cubans. We left Cuba to let Cuba rot in its own, whatever. And it's own, thank you. If we have not left, we let Castro has everything he has because we let him have it. We said we turned our, a bathroom down right and ran away. Now you have 90% of the Cuban community here is born and raised in the United States. They have no idea how it was there. I, I hate Castro. Yes, I do. But I admire him in the same, in the same bread. I called this American presidents of coming one. Countless Cold War event. They were so back. They fought those words. They, they, they, it's Central American words. Afghanistan. We had not, Castro is still there. We can talk and talk and talk. But nobody has ever done. I am in the shame of myself. Look at me talking on the cylinder phone. See, I am even the Argentinians. I mean, God bless you. You know, even they had the cohones to invade the Falkal Islands. You know, what I'm talking about. You know, you know, you start exactly. Didn't work well. But at least they gave it a shot. You know? They only people were to blame for Castro and Cuba is us. Not Kennedy, not the Americans, not anybody. Right. We left Cuba to its own problems. We did not turn to help. Now it's too late. And we blame everybody else. It's not fair to anybody. Right. Want to. Yeah. And I have been back many times. Cuba is still a very beautiful island. It has a lot to offer. It is the shame of us happens. And I hope that the whole house here are the most beautiful. Yeah, that's what Marlani is saying. It's true. It's true really. For tourists, Cuba is paradise. Right. And I am really sorry about what happened. And I'm sorry to say I don't think it seems to change any time soon. But for the Cuban people listening and calling you and comparing our situation with the Holocaust. I am ashamed that that's astonishing. How can you compare that? I mean, millions of millions of Jews and Slavics and everybody died. And don't forget the gypsies. And gypsies, yes, and homosexuality, yes, and homosexuality. And we are here living better than we ever had in Cuba. And we compare this to the Holocaust. Yeah. I say get with the program. I said, about time. And a 40 years later, let's get a let's. He said, me are to happen is what he said. That's what he said. I don't even say yeah. It's over the message. Okay. Well said, amigo, by the way, Tracy's number. We have an open line in Broward 560505060 on the AT&T Wireless line. We got Marlons baseball cone up any interest at all. No. Okay. I'm just checking. Yeah. As though, get out of your bar. Oh, hey. We just can't use ya. You're finna round way too long. Can't throw. You are free. The faster. You're too long you've laughed at. The day of peace should have worked. If you make me sick, get out of Cuba quick. You are so God's ever it's you and me go. Son of a bitch. This fall we know you like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill 10 of these? More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. Without now. Yes, oh, get out of Cuba. We just can't use just using the round way too long. Hey, that's so you ugly pants. I'm too long you last the top day of the beach. Should have worked. I'm happy to tell you. Six. You're not a Cuba quick. You are so goddamn rich. You are me, God Son of a bitch. They follow me in your life. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill John Kennedy? Yes, where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Here's his horse. That's now in the imagination, are you in the imagination? There will be a billion bucks in your history. You can't really come under the kilo of gold. You are so handsome. You are so handsome. You have so much on your heart and body. You are so handsome. You are so handsome. On the OSU RGOS, it's 1134-26 till noon at 5.60 WQM in fact there's nobody in the world. Nobody anywhere who wishes that the old bearded basketball team would croak more than a lot of us anglers here in this town so we could get out of a life and worry about something important. Besides the Orioles are going to play some stupid baseball game in Cuba on March 28. Jesus Christ! This should be the worst thing we got to worry about. Man! What do I say would be? Here's Miami. Hello? Yes sir. Yes sir. Hey how are you doing? Great. Just about this guy I was talking about, he was a warrior about his family. Cuba, we had to lose him in an underpocket month and then be fine. Yeah. The Cuba is in a six-seventh, at least six-seventh, hundred million dollars a year to Cuba. And they're doing better than the doors. And be nice. You can go if you want to. Right. You can get the permit from the state department. Go from Kankong to Bahamas or where? Right. Besides, people don't realize need that's an American. You can go whatever they help you want to go. And nobody can tell you anything. You just need to have to make a stop. Well you know, if that is the country you're going to let you go in it. But you want to go to North Korea. You go through Japan or like Korea or whatever. And you go and say when you come back there's nothing they can tell you because that's your right. I mean I should never have thought about going North Korea. Well you know, I mean that's why I'm my list. You can go whatever the hell you want. Right. And this thing was he going to be there until he dies. Right. So that's what the United War of all month once you will know. There's a revolution in Korea. You know what would happen. About 200,000 people walking over the water over here. They will have to feed about 10 or 11 million people. There's a lot of people. Yeah. They just want to let him buy and feed and then you will be there. And they have a right. And peace like Joe to measure. Yeah. Who don't you? Okay. Okay. I still have Boston. We have an open line of day five six seven five. That's what they say. Boston a lot of pasta. Okay. What's his name? The sales guy Tony. What's his name? Todd Dreck. I'm trying to put it out of my mind. He was done here this morning. Hoping around with his boyfriend that. See, there's like a little fraternity. We got here. And our sales department, little fraternity of all similar kind of guys. Two, by the way. Open line of day one at Broward five six seven. Five, sixty. Palm five, sixty. Come on. Let's get with it. We got a softest by 10 till one. We got a short show today. And you notice I was right about Joe to measure because we only had one call. He agreed with me. He said he was totally irrelevant in my life. And I would say the same thing. I don't drink coffee. Okay. So I don't have no Mr. Coffee. And I don't even know if they make him anymore. They do make him like I said. Totally irrelevant. But the media wants you to believe that this is a, I mean, a front page of the newspapers. Everybody, they've hide new him. Bob, cost his new him. Everybody in their brother is a freaking name dropper. They want to do what a goddamn lobby someplace. Yeah, right. They all knew him. They were close personal buddies. Here is North Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I got a few little things there. One thing I heard around nine o'clock this morning, how it turns was using your material. Yeah. He was using that absolutely correct sir. Really? Well, God bless our good old family. Well, I thought you'd like to know that. I don't care. Another thing. You're right on the aerosmith man. And all the way. Aerosmith and number one, baby. Hey, man. And I just wanted to know what just tasted. You're just really blows. And I like George too, man. You just take it all vacation. We can hear him. Huh? When you're going to take another vacation, so we can hear George. Oh, no. Do you want to hear me? Is that what you're saying? No. I love you, Neil. I've been listening to you back. I just got back. You were on a fire with me. I just got back from vacation, sir. All right. Hey, George. I'm going to let you know what I'm eating. I want to talk to George. You got it. Okay. When George is gone, talk to George. Okay. Talk to him off here. Call George off here. Open line of day one and brought. He just wants to suck around. He's one of your little suckles. See you go on here for five minutes. And all of a sudden you got a little group of sucklings. Here you go, pal. Suck on this. T-D-S-I-S-S-I-N-E-P-T-D-A-M-E. What are we? Can feel the release. Smell the fresh sea air. Taking the young parallel experience of Cuban resting on big laddic. It's like a vacation. Away from your troubles. Your life back home. Your the skipper. On a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination. This will never nature has planned for you that day. unpredictable. breathtaking. Life threatening. Cuban resting on big laddic. Will your way to something better. Rough master. No faster. Here come the shark, scatter on which master the net. Road dammit. Hey, Thor, buddy, you wish Navy. It's on 43 at 5.60W. You can just allow our way from the pregame show for the big game, baby. Any interest? No. Doggers? No. Marlin? No. Two open lines in Broward. 5.6705. 60. 60. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes sir? Yeah. This and I agree with you and a lot of things. I disagree with you. Yes. And the thing about you, today you talking. I'm cute myself. And I've been here since 61. There is a lot of opinions expressed to it. They're really absurd. Like the embargo thing is a total myth. I mean, it's always that relationship with Canada, with Mexico, with the most of Europe. He's had people coming in and out and trading. He wanted to Spain everybody. Yeah. So that's not the reason for the mystery in Cuba right now. It's the system that they have. Yeah. The people that came when I came was not for a economical reasons because we're living how many people have speech, no freedom of press and no freedom of assembly. Somebody like you who's precious your opinion, you will become your buttongerent in two seconds. Over there. So another G.F. Freedom of speech from the Tista was there? Yes. A lot more than that in the gastroenter. No. But Tista was a dictator also. That doesn't have been my family being agreed with what Tista is either. You know, I left when I was 12. So I don't remember. I mean, I wasn't my child. What do Cubans really know about freedom of speech? They've grown up under a two-dictator. One was a fascist. One was a commonist. No, no, no. But Tista was not a fascist. He was a dictator. He was a fascist. He was much milder than this year. I mean, we're going to say it again. For Hensio Batista was unfascist, okay? He was a dictator. Yeah, I agree with you. We don't disagree with him. But you had a lot more freedom. You were the worst. Right. Of the regime, then you did great. And then you were pissed off. What you got to ask knocked out. Because let me tell you. You lost your land and all your money. And you came to shut down over here. And I let it to you. And open up. That's not what you wanted. We'll be meeting with you. Yeah. Yeah. My father fought against Batista. Okay. Magnetic bracelets on channel 20 trace. Yeah. A lot of the people are here next file. Initially they were with cash for a goal. So the beginning. Yeah. Because they didn't think that they were not in the government. The leadership. Yeah. Okay. But the system was wrong with you. But what is the point? The other year you landed at the key. He isn't going anywhere. I, well, but you know, he had a lot of interest. They're keeping him there also. You know, we kill him. This try and be a big. I'm making you. Yeah. Okay. I was your continuous try in the fog. We tried and be a big. And we got royal is true by Kennedy. Well, that's almost 40 years ago now. Well, I go. We haven't had a chance of anything else that's that anybody who's dressed as doing it from here to get thrown in jail. Right. Because you can't run your own foreign policy. Yeah. You have all the countries around. Talk to the people in Argentina. Look at the great job they didn't the fog alone. Well, I mean, you're not on our Argentina. Why not? A lot of them just just make a different name for it. What would what does that have to do with Q. Anyway, I don't know. What does Q but have to do with us? What does that have to do with Q anyway? I don't know. What does Q but have to do with us? What does that mean? I live. Well, there's a lot of Q and to let down. I mean, if you can. Sir, there's a lot of Jews in this town. I don't see him running over the Israel. I mean, there's a lot of all kinds of people. Well, what does that have to do with anything? There's a lot of Chinese people in Toronto. I don't see him all running over the fact of China. Well, you were talking about the embargo. Is it the reason for this? Sir, what do you do this? Would you say that China is the largest communist. The government dominated country in the world today. Is that the right about it? That's right. Yes. It is. Number one, we have, we do business with China. We have relations with China. We travel freely to and from China. We have freedom. We're from the QO. But in the meantime, all the Chinese people that we have in this country and up in Canada, for example, I don't see them screaming and hovering about companies to come and say, They're doing their thing. They're living their lives wherever they are now. They don't, you know, the people here would like to have cash over their own, but we don't, First of all, you know, cash through. So why don't so much of a... It's the Airby Times somebody does anything like playing a baseball game or some recording artist, or some artists who perform there or whatever. Every time they open up a mouth and have a different point of view, right away, they Cuban community who wants to attack them and make a big deal about it. It's so old, like I said before, it's like playing a stock record. We're fed up with it. We're tired of it. We're throwing up from it already. We're following some of it. What do you care about? It's getting to Miami Beach. You would see a lowly Jews running around, having a good dream. Just who came? Our fed or any of the Palestinians came down here and did anything. You would see that all the Jews running around. They were telling, what is that sign? What does that happen to us? What did that happen to us? What did I just got your saying? How come on the Pope went to Cuba who's a lot more powerful and air-fart? How come on a Pope went there? There was no demonstration screaming and hovering about it. A little of some people complained about it. He made a fool around the Pope. I never heard any. I never saw an immediate entity in the Washington, getting up there screaming in a Congress of Communists to come. I didn't see anybody yelling, coming to the Times of Cuba. I didn't see that. Didn't agree with those going there either. Yeah, well, they were sure awful quiet about it. Well, I tell you. It's a big problem. It's going to be for a long time. I don't see any way of getting him out of there. So why don't we just go out and live our lives. And if the Orals want to play a baseball game there, who'd help give the credit? That's not going to change anything. Well, you know, some people have a right to complain to. It's a freedom of speech. They don't like it. They don't like people growing and doing any kind of... Well, how come I've ever opened the mind? Well, what about their freedom of speech? The people I was just talking about. The people that performers in the artist that want to come here and perform our money and be because of the fact that maybe they like Castro or they want shook his hand. Right away, they get their concert get canceled. They have bombs right there. Why the heck is there? They have a right to do what? But they can come here and they do. And every time they try, you're not listening to me, sure, and have a nice life. Good luck to you. Because you have your... you have an ear problem. You only hear what you want to hear. Freedom of speech. Again, it's freedom of speech for those who decide that what they like what you say. But if they don't like what you said or you want your hands with somebody, they don't like. Then you don't have them or freedom of speech. You can't perform. You can't show your art. You can't do this. You can't play baseball. You can't do whatever. And let me tell you right now, that is not. That's the American way. You American F and Way, okay? Which is one of the big problems we got in this time is that we got all kinds of people here. Who don't want to understand the American F and Way? They don't want to hear from it. They don't know from it. Because like I tried to explain to this last guy, when you got people who grew up under a fascism, which is as bad or worse than communism, it's the same thing. And he is a totalitarianism. They don't know from freedom. But anyway, what I'm getting worked up, we're exactly one hour away from the big ball game baby. Now we're talking five six seven five sixty, five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. In the house. Okay. A lot of these Cubans are, you know, they want to form with the mouth. Get off early. But the fact of the matter is, I'd say about maybe 90, 90 percent of them really don't care. Because they're over here in a 20 times better environment. They have a lot of money times. They have a lot of money. A lot of a million times. You know, even though they're surrounded by their own can, I mean, they're over here. They have a lot of freedoms that they didn't have over there. And I for one would like to say that. If the British... I guarantee that there's no sedanos on the streets of Ivano. You're into that right now. No, there's about that cat vendor. Maybe that's it. But no sedanos. If the British didn't want to sell, it would be kind of good because then all these old militant who wheels would just go back. No, they would not. They wouldn't go any with their not going nowhere. Man, they got appointments for Domino games ten years from now. And Domino Park, that's right. Hey, Valorating, how's that ration? It's a doing great. You know, I'm a fellow victim of catch out on medical semantics. Yeah. I mean, I don't want to badmout the port because I think he rules. But he has a real minimalist approach when it comes to like diagnosing people. Right. So it's like, you know, he gives you a whole thing. Can't complain about his diagnosis because he doesn't give you one. Yeah, well, he's his favorite, you know, his favorite diagnosis for every patient is contact dermatitis. So, you know, I go by the way, I mean, I had his friend since you were talking about wrestling. This is going to be you know, kind of interesting. Yeah. This is how gay that sport is. He, he had to drink practice. He would be the wrestling coaches, foreign partner. And one day, he was talking about how they put him in a hole. And he's like, you know what, the coaches ball, the really smell. Yeah. I'm like, how would you know that? Well, I mean, when you get to the least, it's a secret. When you're my head, you get to the leg. Well, of course, I mean, that's the idea to get to the other guys head right down in there, man. A meal right down on it. What are you fighting, girl? Right where you got him. Oh, man. Talk about, well, he's from Dr. Mark. Well, I'd buy the way, Dr. Mark. You'll be pleased to know I brought this in today. So I could read this on here from my good friend Stanley, who's a great guy. By the way, you have any dermatological problems. Go see my buddy Stanley over there to Center for dermatology and Hollywood. They're great. But nevertheless, so they take the biopsy, which she had left me. You know, a little scarlet, she'd been up nicely and most of my relationship gone. But nevertheless, I still got a few little aches and pains to them getting old. Like, I think I'm going to have a pen to side of soon. But at any rate, here's the report. Skin biopsy left neck. Wait to hear this. Rare and aquatic epidermal keratinocytes with sparse superficial, perivascular lympho-histositic infiltrate. Oh, that's my favorite. Sparse superficial, perivascular lympho-histositic infiltrate and mild-dermal edema. Comment. This pattern is not fully diagnostic. But could represent mild sunburn reaction. No, or possibly a subtle manifestation of solar or the carrier. No, whatever that is. One additional possibility is an early expression of dermal contact dermatitis. What do we just hear from our pies on there? Features characteristic for drug eruption are not identified. So the idea of being allergic to etallat or ratatat, whatever that was, wrong. Sorry, Dr. Rapascodniac. I mean, that's basically, you know, guys trying to make a living. They don't know this. Now surgeons, he surgeons are had great respect for. They're a lot of great surgeons. They do miraculous things. Especially if they're taken out the right body part at the time. It's usually they do. But I mean, that is, you know, they're like schmoozers. You know, like he says, patch atoms with the red nose have a good life. You don't need knee. It could be this. Could be that. And now that this is mostly gone, Dr. Markle's like, see, I told you, just wait another six or seven years. And nobody said to you that anybody called us Friday. Yeah, just wait another 60 or 70 years. It'll be gone. Here's Perrine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Just talk about Joe to magic or a little bit. Yeah. For a minute, the Joe to magic. Could possibly hit even 30 consecutive times in today's modern era of 90 plus miles. Fast balls. You mean with all these minor league pictures, yeah, I'm with things. No, no, no, no. We're talking about that. Once the main reason that you had them acquire so-so thing last year, which everybody likes to write. I was exciting, but the fact is you've got all this expansion and you've got the quality of the pitching is growth test. Well, I'm talking about the era of the Bob Gibson and the Sanico fact, just in all that. Right. I'm talking about when he hit his 56. You know what year that was? 41. What was going on at 41? Major war. No. Not only did it, no. Just at the 1941. No, we weren't in the war. Yes, we were. December 7th. At 41, we were in the war. No, we were not. Just we weren't. No, we were not. But Japan bombed Pearl Harbor on December 7th. We started actually in 1939, you know. No, we were not. No, we were not. We were not. We were not in. We didn't declare war on anybody until Japan bombed Pearl Harbor. Sir, you better go read the history. Why do you want to read what year was that? 1941, December 7th. The season was already over with. We were already involved. All of us, they were playing baseball in the winter time back then, which we all doubt. We were already in how many years. Let me try it again. There was not one American fighting a war when Joe D'Amazio hit in 56 consecutive games. Okay. His hitting streak was May 1st. Did you lie 16th? 1941. War machine was already getting cranked up. There was. There was not any draft. There was nobody in the military. There was nobody in the war machine was getting cranked up. All the good ball players were in the war. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Whoo. Do you do, Bob? Thank you, Bob. Thank you, Bob. Let's do angels, everybody. Here we go. Oh, sure. Oh, Bob. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I hate you. I hate you. Do you like to be my? When you talk about vanilla, you talk about silly baby crap music. Frankie Lyman and the team. I think that guy that's facts that listed that they were just trying to be an old jumper of architecture and succeeded by the way. I mean, you want to talk about some of the great news of the 50s. What a nice music of the 50s, something really memorable. If it ever queues up on his stupid, what's wrong with this thing? Where are you little stars? Yeah. Oh, oh. And that was a song. That was great. Remember the elegance? No. New. Yeah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Now, thanks. Be safe. Don't stand. Take all on. Monty. And I'm there. OK. And while you're at it, all is very easy. You're at it, don't you? And you're in the ring. And just take my first one baby. Now, all I am taking this Dutch song. Now, the old game. Yeah. And the bond and the fun has to be pulled. Just make those dreams of it. These I already. Hello. Come on. Come on. Tax. Be safe. OK. Tax my dog. Tax my fingers to pay. Tax my face. Tax my energy. And I'm going to lose it anyway. By April 15th at 7. The day of the day, it's kind of thinned out here now. Especially for that last bozer was on there. I think he scared almost everybody away, including me. And in addition to which the whole discussion there had nothing to do with what I was talking about. That kind of discussion. Say that for the sports shows you know, like for the wee hours of the morning when they're really bored and got nothing else to talk about. Trying to compare athletes from one generation to another. Oh, well, if they're rude for a lot, how can you do that? You can't. You can argue about it. It's mental masturbation. There's no point in it. So it's just a wasteful exercise. Just like screaming about playing the oil's playing a cube. I wasted exercise. Pointless. But this guy's rewriting history. All the military machine was cracking up. They were drafting all the ball players. Were they doing that? No. That wasn't my point. My point was that Joe de Maggio for three generations of people in this country is not relevant. It wasn't relevant. It was wonderful that children's hospital. He raised millions and millions of dollars. I give them all the credit in the world for that. He was a classy guy. It fine. But he wasn't relevant to our lives in any way shape or form. And like Paul Simon said, if his name went ahead and had different number of syllables, it wouldn't have been in the song anyway. We have an open line in day one in Broward. 560, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's South Miami. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Okay. So I learned something you every day. So when we crank up the warm machine, the first thing we do is pull up all the pitchers. Right. Okay. That's right. If you're going to pull up the pitchers, you've got to send the catchers to you now. I can't believe that. Yeah. 1941, the guy's having an argument with you. And then he starts saying, you, well, what you did it started. Right. Exactly. This guy knows a lot about history. There's nothing like having children's coming here and telling us, oh, he was a human. That's right. I don't know. Maybe he was. I'm going to speak to a street at a speech. I wanted to just tell you that it's nice to hear somebody complain about the embargo, which I guess is like one underlying thing that people are calling up angry about. No wonder the Anglo Canadians are starting to hate us like poison. And then the guy like two calls ago was just like all the tired saw horses like, you know, blaming poor old dead Kennedy when the CIA really. Yeah. The dead Kennedy's are the ones that did it. That's right. And then you were like, something. One month ago saying it was all I thought we used and screwed and lied to everybody. You know, I mean, that's the bottom line on that. Yeah. And lastly, the, no, it would be like the Indian starts screaming about, well, you know, what a mess New York is now. Yeah. It's, it's, it's an ancient history. Let's get out with life. Speaking of general, people want to live in a past. Let them do it. Okay. And we'll have time for that. A lot of people don't know that there's a lot of humans in Miami who are against the embargo. Yeah. Well, don't let Iliana find out about it. And all the embargo that in most of them. The new embargo does is the night children who don't know rheumatism from communism. Right. The drugs that all of the children in the world get. Right. That's the only thing it does. Amen. And make a bunch of mean spirited people feel good. All it does in Cuba is kill children. We don't even know politics. God bless you. You know, the hell with that. And lastly, yes, enclosing. Yes. Why can't the bad things be like the Rangers and have some kind of great, world of stars gone? Why is that not a possible? Well, maybe they didn't get a bogus call on overtime. Like the Rangers did last night against my maple leaves. But the good luck is that was weak. But hey, you know, we're blow up to nothing. Leave. We got no end Glenn. He'll let in three greasy goals. But the leaves are doing okay. We're still number four seed. We're sliding a little bit. But everybody goes through it tonight's the big game of the year by the way for my ten Panther fans out there in Boston and the fleet and the center do or die, baby. This is it. It's all on the line. They count he's open five six seven oh five sixty. They're probably talking to their consultants over there. I run you on beat to find out what they're supposed to say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile. What are you smoking about we get that all the time? People that don't even know who the hell I am. Well, I want to talk to the host. But I'm open right now. Right. They're all pissed off because somebody on some. Uh, banana boat station told him I said this. I said that. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Yeah, sir. Yeah, we spoke to you today about the Panthers and after watching a few of the moves they made I happen to think you're right. I'm the fire the entire front office. I don't understand the move. What does that mean? Because they're a respectable side who's going to be hell of a player? Well, you know, you know, I think the hot dog man I think he made. I love it. What they've done in the last couple of days. I'm not going to say following that big win last night. How can you be saying that now? Well, you know something you can't you well, a wave is a wave. That's one thing that you got to look at the long run here. Yeah, what we need is a some staff performances from the guys. We need to well, you know, it's going to get to the right. Well, what is the mix? We need to I love that we need some solid performances from the guys. What kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of crap. I'd expect to hear. I want the sports shows on his station. I'm not, I'm not a sports. You know, I'd like to. But what does that mean? We need some solid performances from the guys. What what does that mean? From the young kids, the ones that we talking about trading, you're talking about the need of my. Yeah, I think we're going to talk about somebody else. Forging. Open line and Broward all three in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60. See we got a ballgame later on. It's dark. They're already all gone. They heard you got a ballgame coming up. The whole audience is gone. Okay. Thank you so much, Greg. Mr. Sports, name and upstairs. Got to my impressed. Should we left you at 11. 50? What have been a great day? Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Okay, sir. Hey, two things. Number one, cool and knee-held was that act of wife talking about the war start in 1939 with the Americans in the world. He's going to ask me. It's great. Somebody that knows nothing about American history or anything else, more on. Oh, a miracle. I can believe it. In addition, which I said before, such as stupid exercise to try to compare athletes who played 50 years ago, and 100 years plus animal tie-cob, he couldn't hit 100 if he was played. How to help you know what it could do? Let's dig a hole and find out, huh? Let's wait for him to come back. My second point is this. What kind of a freaking moron puts your show on and interrupts it with a game that doesn't count with a team that will not win. A kind of a freaking idiot does that. Greg, we can read. That's who does it. We can read. I didn't even know the station existed, so I heard you were on. But we just had this great trend. The ratings here were dominating the whole goddamn market here in the middle of the day, and they'd butcher it up. And of course Hank is going to get slaughtered there in this coming in this month. Anyway, would all these stupid exhibition games get butchered? Good God, I can think of a at least the people that I know at least 200 people are ready to fire baseball that they're ready to go with this stupid BS on there. Yeah. Anyway, Neil, every stuff a great would have to be in a grocery store. Okay, and enjoy the game. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 2 and Dave 560, 560, 560 on a mobile online. Come on, let's get to let out of your ass. Okay, we got 40 minutes to go here until a big baseball game comes up. Don't let me just sit here and die because we got a goddamn exhibition ball game coming up. Then nobody cares about that's in the contract that we got to carry it. The Dodgers and the Marlins with an X. I mean, oh, even the regular season games. Does anybody care about those? No. But John Henry was a proud drive in man. Don't forget that. And he was also the sign issue of racing just as that jackass filled your Jeff. Thank God, he retired that jackass raised caught over in Chicago, filled your Jeff. What an idiot. What I want to pseudo intellectual jackass. I mean, how can you be a racing entrepreneur and be a pseudo intellectual? And by the way, speaking of racing, I'm flipping the channels. I'm turning on the sports channel yesterday. What's the panther pregame? I turned out a little bit early. They got the real highlights from Gulfstream. And I guess Tom Durkin's gone back to New York now. And, God, are we lucky to have Tom Durkin here during part of the year again? Yes, the greatest. And who we got, we got that mumble mouth, mush mouth, Ross Morton from Finger Lakes Race Rack in Canada, when New York we got down here. That's the kind of classy opportunity over there at Gulfstream. He must have knitted pictures of Joe Tan and bomb. Ross Morton. Mr. Morrison, there are those who look so, I mean, this guy unbelievable. Even the jockey's are flipping them off during the race. Hey, Ross, you know, Colorado right horse one time. But, you know, Jesus Christ. This is a guy, you know, this guy's got such an ego. You know how the sports stations he had, like I would be used to run the Euro. A little bit of the call of the race of the future race. I mean, he wanted to charge for the call. He wanted to charge the radio stations for using his voice on the air. This is a guy who has his big claim in fame is for the last 36 years. He's been calling races. And the Finger Lakes New York, a race track in Canada, New York. Excuse me, in Farmington, New York. Eight miles outside of town. Farmington, you know how many people live there. The same number of people are like on this floor in this building right now. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Hello. Hello, you there? Yes, I am. I'm getting a little tired of you badmouth and joke day. I'm tired of it. Okay, so a lot for a lot of people in this country. What? You showed them a lot of joy. You sent a badmouth in the guy. Badmouthing him about one. We need to be about everything. Make it fun when the guy is dead. Let him rest if you. What do you do for you? What do you do for you? What do you do for you? How do you listen? How do you change your life? How do you change your life? What do you do to make you a gift to you? I gave you a lot of things. What did he give you? Inspiration. Inspiration to do what? To make this phone call? Well, he knows that got his dead. We have an open line of drowers. 560 and 560 and 560 on the mobile one line. He would know Joe to measure from God damn Joe Costello this guy. Okay? From Frank Costello. Who by the way used to hang out at Joe Stone crab. They just mentioned that in passing. Here's a mobile in the sunrise, hello. Yes sir. Yeah hi. Did you find the coin traders? I called about the F.I.T. My friends, the coin traders. Yeah. And with a signed thing in sunrise? Yeah. I did look at that yesterday's election. The commissioners. Yeah. That's what I was going to say where we should do it. Here we are. Did you bring that guy damn pat to learn? Was he up for a lesson? He's a city manager. Did you see him go to the dinner? You're asking me about some. I would imagine he's appointed. Yeah. That's the guy we got to get out of there. But I think we should do like with a different that movie Bruce is million. He's just both a number of the above. Yeah. And back, bring back, uh, Olemelo. Yeah. There he go. He's just as quick as the rest of the night. And the funny part is in the night. They have the, um, they had an article saying that all these guys are in violation because they all have their signs along the highway, which is a violation of the ordinance, but they can get away with it. Yeah. And the guys like us in business, uh, harassed by it. It's, it's a joke. They're asked to court pal. Soon for about 200 million else. Straight in the rasa. There you go. Thanks. No serious. Good luck to you. Okay. There's the guy looking for a free plug again. Sunrise. Follow the yellow data survey. The coin dealer guy and the guy lady with a laundry there that the a pat to the road is trying to put out a business. Because we got too much flashy neon here in sunrise. It's interfering with the dead people. It's interfering with the enjoyment of their death. Too many flashy neon signs. Just like in Vegas, by the way. Yeah. Better cut that down to a dull roar, baby. Oh, did I mention that the Amanda and base. Somebody called a few days ago about that. Open now. Every time in fact, thanks. Out of the way out to Vegas right now. I'll be doing a show from there the rest of the week. Every time you turn around, they're opening a new glitzier, bigger and better. And you know, the Mandarin bay and then we got Paris coming up. And we got that. What's the other one? Venus, the Venusia, whatever that thing is. You know, the one I'm talking about. Every five minutes there's a brand new and it just and by the way, they had a little bit of a dip there for a while now they're making a comeback. Even with all the edit hotel rooms, they're kicking ass. Thank God, we don't have that here. Oh, man. Right, sweetheart. This is being real bad. Good. Yeah, there you go. She helped give us that art drecco. Oh, by the way, anybody see that thing on date line last night? That's a good show. That's about the only thing on MSNBC worth watching is date line. And the time machine, I like that too, Jean Pauling. Oh, they keep showing the same ones over and over. But anyway, they had to think about that new book by what's your name? Margaret Orph. They left off the end because you don't want to be confused with Peter North. But anyway, about a Koonanon. You see that? Did you didn't see that piece? I saw like a preview of it. I'm going to go out and get the book because there's a lot of stuff in there. And of course, you know, they glossed over last night on date line about the butcher job, the FBI did, about the fact that they didn't really alert anybody. And nobody knew that he was right here in the middle of a settlement so on. And also for the first time we found out that Johnny Versace was HIV positive, which the family, of course, denized vehemently. But it's hard to deny science. So now they're speculating about like maybe that's one of the reasons he had been dead. I don't know who knows. But they didn't know each other from before. I just mentioned that in passing. Jim and Gianni. Not Johnny, by the way, are you Guido's out there? G-I-N-A-R-I-R-E-S-P-L-A-N-O-J-N-E-E-E-H-M. They give you the buff on Google over there if you cut, you know, pull that crap. Like asking for your full catch. Place that in the London, Poyo Paracas. Oh, that's all for Neil today. The Parlin, Matthew Lake. I'm sure Neil doesn't mind throwing holes. Now two or three sports goals. And here, a deep that blows. And the rest of us with five turn off the radio. In Parc days, Paul. In Parc days, Paul. In Parc days, Paul. And such a goddamn thing. The dying person, who's not like two things. And he had excitement from recockies. The same. It's on day, Paul. Paul. No one gives a fuck. Or gets the entertainment. The violence once their payments. The tractor was agreed with monthly messages. No. Despite the ratings, they had new days of it. So if I was an audience who crazed our dead, in Parc days, Paul. Time to make a sense with Parlin days, Paul. I'd rather hear your message, make by being at the sound of trying to make. The dying person's with trouble, ending late in Parc days, Paul. Out! For life with that old fox once followed the road. The road is a bit fun and add in. Yes, Paul. No, what is this. A bit fun and a little tractor off the third base line. A very good one. Pick up lines with third basements. And that thing on the first base line on the base line. Oh, my God, two more off the goddamn back. 1222 at 560, WQ, I'm just a half hour away from a lot more of that. With Booge and the Joe and Dave and the Sam and Dave. Here's a mobile in Miami. Mobile in Miami will not know us out there. Hello, hi. I want to throw a curve ball on the tube on the Cubans that are, well, let's complaining about the Orioles going over there. Yes? A lot of times, when I'm Cuban myself, okay, even though I haven't been able to go to Cuba because I'm still in the Army, but my family does. And a lot of times, those are the families that are over there. They have family members here in the United States or live in comfortably. Yeah. When I'm saying, comfortably, they're having a beat. They can get any type of medication that they want. Yeah. As long as you have the good old US dollars over there. Right. So, I mean, if you don't have a family member that's over here, then you might be a little bit trouble over there. Yeah. But anything that they want, anything that they can get, it's all being done in the black market that's down there. I think black is the operative word. How do you think the black humans are doing over there? Not to good? Yeah. They're doing okay. Yeah. If you have family members over there, I think leave on in the Elducian. I think they're saying a lot of care. I'm sure that all these policies that are always pulling you that, how bad things are in Cuba, believe me when I tell you that they're sending money over there when they go over there. I'll put it this way. There's always somebody that's going over there. And you always know who it is. I think the technology there would surprise you off our head. They heard somebody yesterday saying that most of the Cubans are HDTD positive. Have a great day, Legal. Thank you. I'm reved up. Oh yeah, they got the 25,000 lines just like in Liberty City. We have an open line of day, 567. No, that's not a picture we're talking about. That's on the tube, man. On the tube, 567, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Yeah, Dr. Mark was right. I'm slowly working my way out of this. I think he's right. Now the 670 years I'm going to feel great after they take my appendix shot. See when you start getting old boys and girls, as soon as one thing clears up, then you start having aching pain someplace else. And you wind up a little bit of a pain in your back. No, because life is basically a pain in your ass anyway. You just do the best you can and just stay away from those doctors they'll kill you. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. I think that Miami Harold once again stips to an all-time low. Yes. Bob Rubin says that Joe DiMaggio retired at age 37. The Adela Basterd says he retired at age 36. And the same newspaper. Yeah. Somebody please get it right. Not that it really matters or anything. But I just go to show you though. Don't ever believe anything you read in the Harold double check it triple check it. More than that. Another thing is that Dan Lebrittard has a bad as much Banner Basterd. Dan Lebrittard has a much perspective on Joe DiMaggio as my 10 year old kid. Well, about all these people that are talking about her for crying out loud, they weren't even born when he retired. He retired 48 years ago. Okay, December 11th, 1951 that was only four days after they dropped the bomb on Pearl Harbor. I mentioned by the way. He retired. You know, if he'd tell me how many of these people were even born then? No, and I mean, I mean, I mean, I was Dave Hyde born. No. No. I mean, I was a name drop in a game yesterday. I mean, I was a name drop in a game yesterday. Yeah, I don't know if you read Lebertard this morning. What did he personally mean? No, we didn't. We didn't. We didn't. We didn't. We didn't. We didn't. We didn't. And the last thing is 50,000 columns about Joe DiMaggio and he was a little bit crazy. And all of them written by guys that never even saw him. He was a recluse. I mean, that cash we'd seen was how would you? I mean, it's ridiculous. So, I'm still saying how did nobody just commented to think about Mickey Mannell? Well, Mickey was a drunk. That's why I was like, okay, but he was a drunk and had a bad liver. But at least we heard about it. People, a lot of people said, why? You shouldn't have put him ahead on the list. He got the liver before people had deserved it. And he'd brought on his own misery. I mean, Joe DiMaggio had lung cancer. He was a chain smoker. Yeah, I know. Could it be that maybe he was a literate and people don't want to say it? No, he's the Teflon icon. But he never went to high school. I mean, somebody said that he had trouble, the repertoire of the he had trouble spelling his own name when he first came up the baseball. Yeah. So maybe it's like any of those big one names too many of these. Maybe the guy clearly was a dope. I don't know. Could be. Anyway, thanks, Bill. That's yeah. Oh, Merlin Moro, she had a high IQ. She was sharp. I'm the honest with you. She wasn't that beautiful, you know. There's another one of those things. Another one of those hype jobs. It was a character thing. Is that a big smile? Yeah. And she smiled. It was blonde. Right. She was in that scene with the, you know, the wind blew her dress. Which by the way, Joe was right up set about that. Yes, he was that movie. It's seven year-inch. Was that it? The wind that she was standing over the, uh, great. Especially for anybody who said, yeah, that's great. Apparently she had transparent panties the first time around and he freaked out. So they had to put her in double panties. She had transparent panties in that scene. Oh my god. Wow. I'm surprised they didn't bring her on that TV show later on. Leave it to. Okay. Day five, six, seven, five, 60, palm five, 60 on the mobile one line. Actually, she was, you know, all right, looking at the candidates like, they're of course they were like, like, any slot, you know. Although they had much better taste than our present. Okay. Where, oh, by the way, you see poor Monica in Britain yesterday. The paparazzi. Oh, I was great. I loved it. They just, they just about annoyed her right off the stage. They're with her book signing. What a joke. Here's a bitch. Here's a slot. Goes with her presidential knee pad broke up this other guys marriage. She was 17 years old, always running around with Murray guys. She's a piece of crap that saves a dress with a seamen stain on it for a souvenir. And now she's running around the world, peddling her book. She's an iconous bitch. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Bill. Yes, sir. You are the man. Yes, I am. Hey, Neil, I, I cannot say hi. I challenge anybody to call in and say why this guy is a hero. I mean, I really want to know what this guy has done for anybody. Why? Well, you just sponsored that great coffee maker. I think I jerked from New York that called a few calls. I probably got himself a free, you know, one of those coffee makers Mr. or coffee a couple of years ago. Yeah. I true. I'm very scared. What's that, you know, it's a ball player. He was a very good ball player. He was a great ball player. But you know something, even you look at his life times statistics. He has 360 on home runs. What does that? It's nothing. It was just a marketing tool. I said, everybody can do them in an office guy. If you're rounded off a little bit, this guy hit about half as many lifetime home runs as they brew less than half as many as Henry Aaron. So what's the big deal with this guy? What? When Henry Aaron dies, they're going to say, oh my god, Nimer, can I kind of just of course not? Yeah, that's a long compulsion anyway. I've challenged anybody, Neil. You're the man, thanks. All right. Social court likes they're calling this morning. I'm coming to work. Oh, how about Roberto Cometi? Roberto Cometi wasn't going to be recognized because he was black. He was Puerto Rican. He was a, you know, play the small market Pittsburgh. Joe to match you, man. He played in New York. So anything in New York automatically, you know, has to be bigger and better and the more important than has to be in American icon. Although I still say double standard, Mickey Mannell battle, ever. Okay, come into too much booze. This guy bad lungs. And I got news for you when you changed smoke that much and you want to put a spot on your lung when you're almost 84 years old. You're pretty lucky. You've been pushing that baby. Chain smoker. Why aren't these goody two shows that shows you how funny they are? Oh, we care about the kids. Right. Just like Henry, I cared about the kids of America about the message it was going to send that we got a philanthropy president, the same Henry Hyde that had there was two children in the marriage that he broke up with that poor guy that's holding it in the Western right now. Didn't care about those kids that he was phony bastard. Phony piece of crap. They're all so concerned. Well, why don't they use him as an example? If you want to die at the early age of 84, like wine sign Churchill, how old will he when he died by the way? Like Henry? No, seriously, he lived at a close to 90. Drank like a face. Smok those stogies. I mean, he had even in his sleepy at a stoggy in his pussy. Maybe he was very maybe he knew better than Monica and the bubble. He always had a stoggy even in bed. God only knows what he was doing with it towards Burns. He only lived through a hundred. Always had a stoggy puff it away in his pussy and he really smoked into it. Right, of course. One a day at least. How about WC fields? Always had a big fat one. Here's a mobile in Delray Beach, hello. Duke, you're now in the home. Here's a duplter, hello. Oh, and nearly you think they put on the marbles because the about the boring is thanks spot. Okay, thanks. I'm sure Hank appreciates that. I always pick on Hank when he's out of town on the way to Vegas. That's good. I got to this for it. Even Hank could come on in fart and it would be more interesting than all of our Linux edition games put together. Is there any doubt about that? No. Hank could come on and do name dropping for four hours a day. Well, I guess you guys can buy me. He could do that for five minutes and it'll be more interesting than all the highlights of these stupid exhibition games that even a Marlon don't care about them. Oh, but we got Cliff Roy. Yeah. I put him right up there with Jody. Joe Darnell. Learning to spell with Joe Darnell. Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. You're so busy with your Fagget hockey. Okay, here we go. Here we go again. Call a morning show. Okay. And this guy's still listening. Hey, still listening. Thank you. God bless you, sir. It's the Fagh hockey talk show. The one that doesn't listen between 10 and 2. And all I want to share that we got to have this on. That we have to listen to this. Trace the call. That's fine. Now the gunpoint. Let's do a damn it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you're right about one thing. Then Marilyn was beautiful. She was one. She was beautiful. I didn't say that. I said she was margin line. I didn't think she was on that. Oh, really? I was sorry. Okay. Anyway, but it was Kennedy's fault to die. You know, let's blame it on Kennedy anyway. Kennedy's fault at who died. Marilyn and I were okay. Bad phone. Come me back. We're not two open lives in Broward. 560560, Pomp 560 on the mobile. Well, you have to know the lot of those mysteries. All you religious nuts out there that believe this stuff that supposedly happened thousands of years ago before we had a printing press for a typewriter or a telephone or a newspaper. And even now, here we have a guy in newspapers. You're reading the hair. Can you believe it? So what does that tell you? Another one of those mysteries. How did Marilyn Monroe die? Will we ever really know? No. Was Bobby Kennedy involved in that? Could be Peter Lofford? Well, we'll never know. And that happened in our lifetime. Elvis, did he still alive? Do we really know for sure? No. I think I saw that Duncan Donuts this morning with the Applantation Police Force. Here's my any, hello. Thanks to you, Mrs. Robinson. Joltensville has gone in law on the way. All right, all right, all right. Oh, man. That was good. That was emotional. Where have you gone? Mrs. Roosevelt? Yeah, that's what he was going to put on there. Thank God for all these Bob Costa's types to get real emotional about Jodino. What if what if Paul Simon would have done? I mean, you've heard that song 60,000 times since yesterday morning now on CNN. Yeah. Yeah. Which I like the song. Don't get me wrong about that. I love Paul Simon and the Garfun Clark. He's okay too. They both Jewish. But I mean, Chase, what if he would have used some different to five? Let's see. Joe, the, math, G. Oh, five syllables. See Tony, Liz zero. Where have you gone? Tony, Liz zero. See that one said Mickey, man. I don't know. Eddie Robinson. Where have you gone? Eddie Robinson. A lowly nation turns a getting head from you. How much Jackie Robinson? Huh? That would have been good. That would have been good. That would have been a fit in. Of course he was a sparcer. And Paul Simon went to, well, what was the, all at the Applantation Music he did later on? Huh? Or is it in an album real quick? Uh, album for the people who were coming on you know what I'm talking about? I know what you're talking about. I didn't buy it. What's in the name of that now? I didn't either. I hated that. That was garbage. But I mean, what was the name of it? But at any rate, how come that would have been perfect? That would have been more appropriate because Jackie Robinson. He transcended sports. The first black player and Major League baseball. He was a, a trendsetter. He was a groundbreaker. He was a pioneer and a great player. Where have you gone Jackie Robinson? Come on, let's hear it. We want Pokemon Ryan to redo that with Jackie Robinson. Right? Yes. Oh, I like it. Comfort some other five syllable athletes. Okay. Where have you gone, Frank Mahavoloch? There you go. Excellent. Just happen to be the right number of syllables. You don't feel bad about it. I realize, you know, going to be heavy burden in that box. But Paul Simon, you know, could have been just about anybody. Yeah, first. I'm out. I want to prove you and I wanted to agree. It's a, that should be so all things must be seen. I'm gonna feel the grip. If there's more something close on. I'm gonna lose my surfing stupid little call. I'm gonna hang up at the bar in court. You're really like it, but I really trust it's me. Yeah, man, I'll go downtown and watch the big break. Everyone's happy, but no one marching is gay. I'm gonna keep on drinking beer that good. I'll drink a drink of sugar. What I'm feeling is we are all average when things that you're gay is here. So we put it in a hate being in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. Yeah, I'm gonna be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. I'm gonna be in the interest be it. Okay, somebody picked up as somebody had a see that. Somebody had a thing on this guy's phone. Commonies to come on Easter but it's racing. Here's a deer field hello. That was something bell by the way. Do you notice that? That was bell so they didn't even interfere in with the phones on this show for years. I'm gonna sue where you're mixing. Yes sir. What is it? It's coming. I'm telling you. No, I'm fired up and just thought about what? About your cut me show again this year for baseball. Yeah. For a blind disc trip. Who cares for an Xbox phone? I mean it's bad enough we got to regular season games that could understand why we'd have to carry those to the carry the game. But exhibition baseball in the middle of the daytime on a highest rated show on this radio station. Man oh man I'll tell you one thing sir make no mistake about it. It stops getting me fired up when I hear someone say that. Oh, and what other thing? Yes. I got a tanker. I got the over and under. I want. How many times he says? Oh, how many times he says? What? Okay. Whatever. We have an open line in the browser. 560560, 560, and mobile one night. He's got the over and under. He just can't figure out what it is he's got it on. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. That's wrong with that guy that keeps calling. Oh, it stopped. That guy needs to grow up. Which guy's that? Someone that's fangued before the moment is, uh, I can't even watch that. Hey hockey show. Yeah. Yeah. He was a high school wrestler. He was a high school wrestler. He doesn't like being outed on the show I guess. He's a child. He's still collect baseball cards that day. Right. That's right. That's why he calls the worst thing. He's one of those sports nerds. But if I could change the subject slightly. Please. So, talent hearing government. Human. Thank you. As you. It's a talent hearing government here in the United States. Uh, actually in, uh, Joe to Matthews, state of New York. Uh, have you heard what, uh, uh, uh, Julie, on he's doing. We had death, death penalty for Jay Walker's in New York. Now, we did you hear any ones. Yes. You'll take your car. Even if you're a first time, uh, DUI offender. Right. And even, uh, I read a time magazine. I read a quote. Even if, even if you get acquitted. And you don't get convicted. Yeah. It can still take your car. Right. And asked him about that. And Julie, on his quote was, well, those are cases where the guy was really guilty. But they're just watching enough evidence. So, how do you like that? I don't. That's why I don't live in New York. Yeah. Thank you, sir. You're really Julie Annie for president, not. And they liked that. So, a lot of the New Yorkers that are down here. The ones that still live there. They are not too crazy about them. But the ones down here. Oh, yeah. He's a good guy. So, a great. Too much, okay? Too much. Anybody with a brain need, like a little bit of that spice, the way the city used to be. And I'm talking about a little bit of sly's as good. That's what Albert Goldstein says. But this guy, he wants it to be like, yeah, a nostalgic Disney world. If I want to go to Disney, Rose, I'll go to World Land though. If they want to go a little excitement, a little flash to go to New York. To flash it. Here's a lady in high, Aliah, hello. Hello? Yes, man. You're high-mielm. Can you hear me? I hear you like you right next door. My husband loves you and he's a fray to cat Why the pussy your husband's a pussy? He didn't want to cause oh my god I'm calling for anyone to request put solution in the basket. Yeah Okay, it works the martian in the basket. There you go. Tom the butcher Okay, what time are you not here very soon by the way? We got that baseball game anybody's psyched up about the game. No anybody carried on 40 now all four oh Get it right there man. We don't want to step on book shabby Hello, how could you tell? Or is he jogging any I'm begging him? I don't know what to say I don't know what words to use to convince this guy. He's got to lose weight now look at that scale by the way Just barely over 200 now. That's the lowest I've been since I've worked on this station I've been big and fat I've been in that fish food. I've been all this bad stuff candy crap Made myself sick You can't look anywhere else just look yourself in mirror forget about the rash look at yourself in a mirror You big fat people like myself you've got to stop with the fat enough of the goddamn fat because the fat people are the goddamn dead people Look at Jolton Joe to my show even in lung cancer was he ever fat? That's why he made it to 84 Winston church. Well, that's a bad example George Burns. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, I do a great Remember what happened years ago when those planes shut down in the international water? Yes, roll it to the rescue. Yes, and we're gonna go down there and play a baseball game is that asshole? What's that down? What does that dollar do? What does that have to do with it? It's like me killing your son and then I'm and then I invite you to play baseball tomorrow. Yeah, you know I love the good friend of mine. How about the Pope? Forget about the Pope. Oh, I see you're so convenient You get upset about a stupid baseball game but the Pope who's supposed to be the biggest religious leader in the world He goes over there embraces this bearded son of a bitch and I forget about you don't want to talk about that Why cuz you're embarrassed about it. That's why Listen me one of those planets were was a good friend of mine. I understand that But you're not right. You're not having a conversation Forget about the Pope. I'm not okay. I forget about the Pope. Thank you. See you know when to talk about it Very inconsistent if you're gonna if you're gonna stand on principle or what you pretend is gonna be principle and you're all bent Other shape about whatever it is. You can't do it selectively, okay? Either you believe it or you don't not just let it's convenient not just when there might be some credibility even though there's probably not Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, me. Oh, yes, sir, and here's to you No, don't you know the Not all those you lose Dan Ma Reno four syllables. You gotta have five Five Jackie Robinson. I mean just that it fits in like a glove prank Mahavoloch Yeah, there you go. I Mean you could do here's to you bore your salami at none of syllables Here's a lady in Boca. Hello. Hi. Yes, man You play a hockey song for the game tonight. This is an a lady. This is some little kid who put you on a phone little kid What do you want? You play a hockey song for the game tonight. What hockey song today? You mean like stop and time that's stupid hockey song Idiotic piece of crap they can't get to the air tonight boys and girls grow and zinning Hello, I'm the year we're not only more Tonight's pop on Will the slow chances it'll throw us we gotta play envy for game The standard clock in the heat adequate set of advices Becca Where players dash with gates the flash, the long team failed behind the Tigrat the fucking goal bursting up and there down across the line. Is torn the trees like fumble these? They travel like a burning plane. We see them flying the fucking side. It's the one one hockey game. How cool! What a little! What a game! It is the best game you've been watching. Go with me! Go with me! Come on! Stop and time. Let's see him no more. Alright, well what a day today. It's a short show. But look at this. We saw him the problem. We decided to do it a little bit easier. If you were a real old fart, he was very significant for you in your life. We sent along our condolences to you. If the two of us don't care about the baseball game in Cuba, we don't get a crappy Orioles. We just want to support the Orioles anymore. Do we support the Orioles before? No. And guess what? We don't support him anymore. So how do you like that?