The Air Sports Radio 560 WM Miami for Loderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show. A car in Neal called 566-056-B toll free for David Rower and 455-60 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal is guest-coller's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, or the measly broadcast group. Now, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560-056-B toll free for Loderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show. What's the name of the car? Bill Zikaz and Monica Zajina. Oh, right. She left out a gigo. When he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar in her vagina, she's all mine. Where he don't know where her stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human in horse. And then, I can saw the surmceder box mean, so her naked stars reportedly to go in blind. That blizzard he was working hard, late night in the ovary of it, working on a practical job. It's a commercial noodle for an exploding, lorin for Monica was blowing rings the smoke. Bill Zikaz and Monica Zajina. She left out a gigo. Every time he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar in her vagina, she's all mine. All people feel that Hillary's in, made a fool of by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. But then the link in bedroom, she was mownin, mownin, how far was she in her with bills all gone. Bill Zikaz and Monica Zajina. She left out a gigo. Every brigand's time he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar in her vagina, she's all mine. All people can do in the behind, you can do in the behind, but a cigar in her vagina, she's all mine. All people can do in the vagina, yes, that's not the exact same. Oh yeah, that's the exact same. What you gotta do is take a sip of Bill's. Every brigand's time he makes an wiggle, she's all mine. Oh yeah, yeah. You know what I said? Well, I didn't want to talk over because the guy's taping it. Don't you remember? You don't even remember. I'm the one with a great memory. What a memory for a fat old queen. I'll tell you that guy said yesterday, when you're going to play that again, I want to tape it. It's so great. And he's right. And I said, how about right straight up at 10 o'clock tomorrow? And you said, okay, I bet you any second. He's going to be on the phone right now. Thanks. Thank you for playing that and I got it on tape. What are you laughing about? 560, 0560, pound 560, and I'm over one line. I'm not continuing until that guy calls and says, thank you. I got it on tape. If he calls and says, I forgot it. And I don't have it on tape. Then I'm going to be like, I'm in my pen. That's him right there. Q AM. Hello. Hey, it's me. Yeah. I'm the guy who calls him. You got it? What do you mean who called him? This is me. I'm the guy who calls him. Why should we have an intermediary here? Thank you. I mean you're welcome. That was great. Okay. Thank you. How do you like that? All right. I know what's going on here. I know the lay of the god damn land. Anyway, I got a great thing in the mail from Merchard Friedman for old dick. It was a real O-John provocateur with a real bad hairpiece by the way. Do something about that. People are laughing at you. But nevertheless, here's a guy that tried to tell you 20 years ago about Metro fail and what a piece of crap in a way for the money it was. And he's involved along with Dave Slater and you know a handful of other people are trying to do the best for you in this penny sales taxing. So anyway, come to find out and he sends me a copy of this letter that was sent out from the coconut grow playhouse board of trustees to the patrons of the playhouse. Urging a yes vote on transportation for July 29th saying it'll also be a yes vote to support the arts and date county, Yadiyada Yadiani. Well Richard Friedman sends this a copy all of us in the media of a letter that he sent to the coconut board grow playhouse board of trustees saying, Ray, your memo advocating a vote for the 15.4% increase in sales tax for my me day county only. General Menum and receipt of an original copy of your important action memo dated July 6, 1999 advocating a yes vote for the proposed 15.4% Metro rail sales tax increase added to playhouse patrons address the playhouse. This mailing is blatantly illegal in forward spec. One, it violates your IRC 501 C3 exemption. What a bit of an ally it is to evaluate the Florida not for profit statute. Three, it violates the prescription against use of public funds for proselytizing on a publication involving a referendum election. And for it violates regulations of the US post office on your use of the reduced mailing cost for a not for profit organization. I believe each of the boarded trustees and the staff of the playhouse who conducted the mailing are individually liable for violations of the foregoing laws and regulations. Please be advised that intend to make the appropriate complaints with the IRS, US post office and Florida Secretary of State as to your illegal conduct and take such other legal action as ID. Message to your appropriate Richard Friedman. I tick. God, got a lot of dick. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I'm not sure if you can get a lot of money. I know this may come as a shock to you, but when you go to the permutuals and you lose your ass, you don't walk away from there feeling I had a great time. You walk away feeling crap. That's how you feel. Damn it. When you go to Vegas and you lose your ass, you said you say, oh yeah, damn I had a good time. I'm telling you right now. In fact, maybe you will have some people on the audience that you will call. And disagree with that. I doubt it though. I think that's a very positive way to Vegas, watch money and felt bad about it. I'm not sure if it was money that couldn't afford to lose. In which case, they probably listened to the and Captain Joe and need serious help anyway. Which there's nothing I can do about that. People who are compulsive gamblers, I know this comes in the shot to the Harold and Bobby Butterworth and Governor Boote and all these other rancels. It's like prohibition, it doesn't work. We can't live all of our lives based on the fact that there are a lot of weaklings. It would be taken all the products with sugar, off the out of the market place, of the marketplace just because some of us weaklings like me are addicted to sugar. You'd all be pissed off and fired up. I'd be pissed off because then I couldn't see my addiction. What? It's the truth. I'm starting to sweat right now. Just thinking about the prospects of taking all the sugar products out. Man. Talk about a cold turkey. Can't do it. By the way, don't mention on here who had a stroke. Fat. I'll just say that. Should be rewarding to all of you people out there. Oh, and guess who died by the way, Gene Hart, you know who that is? He was the boss of the Philadelphia pliers for many years, but I do mention it because he was fat. He was 68. He was diabetic. And he died from the multiple organ failure. My kidneys and liver and the kishgese. It all just kind of like a tough stop working. Because he was real fat and diabetic. Too much goddamn sugar gene. No more too many of those tasty cakes. Every time the flyers cause tasty cake with their sponsor. So every time the flyers would score a goal, he would say another taste of tasty cake, which is a quality thing to say. But nevertheless, too many tasty cakes, Gene. I want to say put a bunch of tasty cakes in the box with a half on the bearer. And you think so? That would be kind of cute. Maybe they put a big beer cup in the box when they put Andy in the ground. You know from the hockey games, my good friend Andy. I'm still not going to recover from that for a long time. That's devastating. 36 years old. A young fat man and he's dead. He's a ward. Not as pedophile. Listen to me. He's just stand by and stand for sofakking. And a stand where everything is helped to the high sofakking standards. The selection isn't just huge. It's sofakking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofakking surprises aren't just low. There's sofakking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say sofakking as a beautiful store, I mean sofakking beautiful. And I say to stop it helpful. I mean sofakking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the sofakking and enjoy a selection. That's sofakking huge. I staffed that sofakking courteous. And price is that a sofakking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer, Frank, and Stein. Sofakking good. You're sofakking sofakking good. 55560 WQM here's a call on the Gables. Hello. Daniel. Yes, sir. That was a great bet. Yes, it is. I still think no matter what we do these guys are going to stick. Stick it to us with that text. How could you trust these guys? You know you go out there you vote. Yeah. I agree with that. I mean if it's even close I think they'll fix the election. They did the first time with Metro. We're allowed to do it again. I had a bunch of dead people voting. Right. You know, so I really don't know what to say. I mean I appreciate what you're doing. And at least you're out there telling people. But well somebody somebody's got to do it. Everybody else has got Paul's the honest issue. Nobody's saying the name thing. And then I find out yesterday that asshole 40 at my 100 is under Shilling last week. Tell everybody to vote. Yes, for this. What kind of a thank God they've got. Nobody is holding up the vote over there anyway. Listen to that station. Yeah, nobody's listening to them anyway. Right. They blew. We're good luck to us now. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Because you live in the Gables. You live in the county. So good luck. You'll need it. That's all I can say. By the way, the Panthers schedule that was scheduled this came out. Which remember facts to me at the last night. And of course, is in both favor this morning. But nevertheless, I had an opportunity to look at their last night and peruse. And you know, it's really interesting because as everything else, the things are always put forward in a way like, you know, ass sucking in this town. Which I'm not saying that you have to be critical. But nevertheless, you look at this schedule. You analyze it. And the first thing that comes to mind is why are there no Sunday games on the schedule for this coming season? No Sunday six or clock games that are over by, you know, a 30 quarter to nine. That's great. No Sunday games. Lots of Friday and Saturday games. Okay. Starting with the Washington Caps opening night October 2nd. Okay. If they moved the season up a week as they promised. So we don't have to want to play in hockey games in July. But then there are a couple of really bizarre things on this schedule. For example, on Monday, January 17, which is Martin Luther Coold, a King Day, on that day, they're playing a Philadelphia Flyers a three o'clock in the afternoon game. Now, several things I'm wondering about. Number one is Peter will well going to be able to play on that day since it's Martin Luther King Holiday. We're talking about the big black guy named Peter. Well, it would be like Sandy Cofax being as the pitch on your own kipper every time that happened. He said, Oh, thanks. Not me. I don't want to burn in the help of some stupid baseball game. In addition to which, see, this isn't Boston. Boston is a classic example. They're very famous for having sporting events on holidays at like noon or one o'clock because like in Chicago, another real sport that is, people take off from work on those days. Even people ordinarily would have to work. And they go and they support the teams. Is this that kind of a town? No. Oh, as a matter of fact, somebody was telling me that every single of the baseball second worst attendance in a major leagues, the arena, whatever the hell they call that crap they got going to. We need to put ball, whatever that is. Second worst attendance in that league, the WNBA. There's no interest whatsoever. They can't sell five tickets for that crap for next year. There'll be nobody going to that. The matter to resolve it, he folded up. And on and on a ghost. So the, and of course, the opponent is the fellow out of your flyers. Maybe the fact is some big name, a opponent that will bring some people out for a Monday afternoon game. In addition to which, don't a lot of people work on Martin Luther King's birthday. And at that day, we still have that, it's not a full-fledged holiday. Now, I didn't work on it holiday last year. The office is replaced. And well, in that case, I'm not working on it. How old are they? Because I got a hockey game to go to, not that I couldn't make it there by three o'clock anyway, but who wants to have to rush? And then the next one they do, what did you hear this? On Monday, February 21st, which is President's Day. Now that's not a legal holiday. You don't get any mail in a bank's or clothes, but that doesn't constitute a legal holiday. Government workers still have to work. And most of the you slupper's out there have to work. And we have to work. Ottawa, which is hardly a, you know, I mean, it's a good team, but nevertheless, not a great competitor for the Panthers. So are you people going to be taking off on a Monday afternoon to go see Ottawa and Florida play hockey at the three o'clock game on February 21st? No, I have a feeling we can each have our own section. Those of us will be there. But in the paper, Rona Cash, whoever the hell she is, ran a Rona, she says, Van friendly skids will give a slur to 20 games at home on weekends. She neglects the mention that there are no Sunday home games all season long, not a one, not a single-snick in one. And that we have these two Monday games at three o'clock in the afternoon, which got on Eos and also she neglects the mention that that January 1st date cats and the lighting have January one date, which they were smart enough to move that game. Usually New Year's day they play at noon, they've done that traditionally since they started. But they moved it to three o'clock because they know that this being the big, the big bash that New Year's Eve for 2000 assuming that anybody will be able to possibly give an extra few hours to get the appaule working in the arena. It's a good thing to be ready for the Y2K. Don't you understand? We have to be ready for that. I mean, is that a marquee attraction that Tampa Bay lights on New Year's day? Is that, oh no. So, Rona, who haven't had you? Are probably wouldn't know a hockey puck from a state of London's bagel. I hate to break the news to you. But there are pros and cons with the schedule. And of course, most of us aren't all that concerned about the schedule anyway. We just want to know is the team going to be competitive and will it be worth our effort driving those three or four minutes to go watch the, or those games? That's what we're concerned about. Not as the schedule favorable and fan friendly and all this other propaganda that they try to put over on the public. Here's a mobile in Coconut Creek, hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. It's Bob Solomon. How are you doing? Okay. Who's this? This is the producer? Sir, do you have any idea what show this is, sir? New Roger. Yes, you're speaking to him. Oh, okay. And we don't do names on this show, Bob. I mean, I'm glad that your name is Solomon because my grandparents name was Solomon, too. That's great. But that might be the point on the show. But anyway, go ahead, Bob. If you saw the article in the paper also the night before and the first to have an special with the Rangers and Edmonton for Gritzky, that we are only going to be able to get on the dish. Yeah. There. Well, I'm not going to need to. And I think it's a great thing that they're doing. I don't know. I wish he would go away already. I mean, no, no, seriously enough is enough with him. How many specials do we have to have with him? He already retired. They had a big thing there in New York. They had the big thing there with your words back with. They brought him up there and he's so chilled for the league. I said, well, I thought it was a good goal if it means anything. And then the good bye already. You know, don't you know what I'm saying, Bob? I'm not for him already. I know what you're saying, but you got on. I'm not. Why can you have? Well, you're right. I understand what you're saying. You got to on the real superstar. We're really quite hockey. He put his foot in bed. I don't know if it'd be hockey in Miami. What does he have to do with there being hockey in Miami? Wow. He helped. I don't know. I don't know. What is it going to do? What is it going to play an Edmonton Law Sanjo? Let's have to end later in New York after we already had a team. What does that have to do with the having a hockey team in Miami? Nothing. So you're getting Bob, you're getting sucked into the hype, okay? He had nothing to do with us getting hockey teams. I'm lucky. The fact that Gary Bettman and the owner is one of the $95 million from Wayne High Pingo, that's why we have a hockey team. Well, I think they're going to have another hockey team in Atlanta and in Columbus and in theapolis and all these other places they're going to fail real badly because Gary Bettman is a jackass and they'll just keep taking the $95 million. Thank you. All right. I understand what you say, but he helped the explosion in the Sund Belt area. One very versus well, hockey used to be localized and I go back to his 16th year or like you. How did he do that? How was he responsible for navigating the team? He does the ironing is from Miami, here he is. It's in sports, goes from hockey, he names him for winners. You know that, and I know that. He's been a problem down. He'll get Wayne's ready for the Panthers. I mean, I must have missed those games. I'm not saying he indirectly helped hockey to show that it could happen in Los Angeles when he was there and in the Sund Belt because I think the hockey league, they will sow northeast or he'd tell you. Let me ask you how they do in Los Angeles now, Bob. They're in the crap because they don't have a hockey player. You know, all those yellow seats that they have disguised as fans? Well, the Panthers have the similar problem. That's why I figured. No, they won with the Panthers. I had the top under, we're in top five in attendance in league. I think they were number two or three in attendance in league last year. I think you and I, I'm a season ticket holder like you are and you know, and I know that places like me, quarter, four. No, it's that way. Well, that's where they had to get your boy. Well, Bob, I hate to break the news to you. We haven't had an attendance problem in the New Arena. Well, I'll tell you this, if they don't have a winner down yet, you know it's nine or two. It's not. There's no question. I'll go downhill from there, right? Because he, he's sort of anyone with hockey and hockey is, you know, unfortunately, for me is the fourth spot and where his boy is going to be you and I and I and with you because you had the only one that's all kind of knows anything. Well, God bless us, Bob, and the goal is go. That's right. And see him. Five six. What do you say? Five six, seven, oh, five, six. Oh, God, I sure hope I'm not allergic to taking this room anymore. Right. I'm going to allergies are acting up. I don't even have any. Five six, seven, oh, five, six. Let's be because I was thinking about having sugar band, you know, just like having casino gambling band and those one arm band, it's in this sand that you know that your enjoyment of life is being restricted by bunch of assholes. Especially when you live in the state of Florida and you've got schmucks like butterworth and bushing, trials and all these other ones. That makes no difference with, oh, and by the way, Mayor Velpree, nice going on plantation. For asshole, gentlemen, came to my house to bring me the Broward Edition new times which had the big expanded article, but you'll also find it in the Harald this morning. I'm sure in the Sun Sentinel payments the veltery called illegal. Now this guy's only 100 years old, by the way, okay, oh, 87, lowly good pass for 100 easy. $44,000 pay out to exploitation mayor probed in his last decade in office for more plantation mayor Frank Velpree collected $44,000 in vacation and sickly pay, including a pay out of more than 20 grand just after we left office in March. But Velpree was not legally entitled to these funds which were on top of his full-time years salary according to city attorney Don Loney Jr. The revelation this week prompted sharp criticism from some city officials, plantation council president Bruce Edwards said the city may have to sue the revered 87 year old politician to get the money back. We want it back. How do you like that? Mayor Velpree, you old fart. You crushed the old fart. We want the money back and we want it now. How do you like that, huh? $44,000. We can't afford to storm the sewers out there in the acreage. But this guy's got money that we want back. Well, I'll give it to you. Well, we want it back now. God dammit. By the way, do you see the OJ thing on Larry King last night? Oh, yeah, they had what's the law? His name Dan Petro-Challi from the civil case and they had the media horror that Alan dooshbed with. And they showed excerpts from the deposition in the civil trial. You didn't see that? No, I wish. Oh, he kept saying, oh, man. And then they asked him about those OJ issues. They said, oh, man. Yeah, he sharped that Petro-Challi or whatever. He is. Even dooshers kept saying that. One poem pulling a wool over his eyes. And then they, you know, he lied about the thing about the Bruno Mali shoes and those OJ issues. And then the first they had the inquire of picture, which he said was a doctor job. And then they had 150,000 other followers of the same shoes on those OJ issues. And he didn't recognize that just happened to be the ones that left the footprints at the murder scene. And also when he started asking him about the, you know, how he cut his hand, he kept going, oh, man. Yeah, and at one point just exploded and just, ah, we need to take a rare reason. I just can't handle it. And you could just either fire in the blood and his eyes. I just go on OJ. Oh, man. You murdering son of a bitch. By the way, how's Rory? Oh, I killed Nicole. Huh, this is old J. Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my bitches. So I recommend to you two OJ Simpson's bitch Jack for women. Believe me, brothers, you won't get Jack with bitch Jack. To the past a small homie device, the old bitches leg, and you can track her all around half. And just in case she didn't, she'll get a beef. You see, when your woman be messing around, new bitch Jack for women, let's out and get all the beef in sound. It only you can hit. And once they're catcha, she's all yours. Give me this momentum. We track down your old lady with a white man. What shall we do with her? Well, thank you, officer. Oh, handle this. You bitch, don't you know I'll track and you with bitch Jack. Oh, my, cut your throat. You bitch, I'm a shit, so remember. You hold, don't get very far. With OJ Simpson's new bitch Jack for women. Hey, just because OJ's free, don't mean you'll bitch. You got to be free too. That's pretty clear. That's 33 or 560 WCM. If you saw that Lerick King thing last night, which of course we can't stand Lerick. But every now and then he's got some interesting guests on. And Lerick didn't even need to be there because he didn't say 10 words. And it was fast. Obviously the clips from the civil trial deposition were OJ kept saying, like that. Anybody that could watch that any rational person with an IQ larger than a thumbnail who could believe at this point that he didn't kill those two people has got to be some kind of a simple one, some kind of, so anyway, we got a real problem here today. Besides my allergies, actin up. And that is that somebody fact this and then you will monitor sentence lunch. Who was that? What was the place? Big dogs. Oh, the big dogs. We had lunch from them before. Years ago. Right. And so anyway, so we're looking down to menu. What we'd be like for lunch and I come across those jalapeno peppers, which are my favorites. The real, oh god. What? The ping-a-poppers. The ping-a-poppers, right? Scored squirt and so George calls there and the guy who sent us the facts isn't there today. So they counted down. He's out of town. So I said to George, well, where else can we get those things from? Because I'm really horny for those. And he says, oh yeah, well, we want to get them from wings and curls, which they love. Us, they send us food several times. I said, okay, call them up. George calls them up. I'm sorry, but they're posted because of a fire in the join. Who's that, Sam? Oh, that's not what the name, I know that. The, those summer groove grand prize winner. All right, there you go. And stay away from those big forces by the way. Okay, so anyway, what we're going to do about this, they're close for a fire. And what the hell do we do now? I don't know anybody else that has poppers or those pingo poppers. Somebody marks. How about emuls, they have poppers? With no nitrate. God damn it, you get horny for something like that. And then you're not only once, but you try twice. I think it's God's way of interviewing and saying, you're not supposed to eat that stuff, because it's got that raspberry dip, which is a load of the carbohydrates and plus they're breaded anyway. And you should beat in that stuff. After you've talked about all these fat people dying and having strokes and things like that and Gene Hart being stuck in the ground. Here's a mobile in Margay. Hello. You know, yes, sir. I disagree with you on something. Go ahead. You call Gary that man a jackass. Yeah. He's not a jackass. He's a rich greedy suckbag. Yeah. Anybody who's done what he's done made the kind of money that he's made and done what he's done for his lead. He gave him a jackass. Well, done what he's done for his lead. He's made the lead. Well, that thing stuff. We just had to stand and cut off the stuff. And then the bonus goal we've got to we got more teams in trouble, sir. You obviously are various dudes. No, no, no, they don't care. They just want the money. You know that. Who doesn't care? The lead does how about all the teams that are in the right. How about all the teams that are in trouble, sir? How about all the teams that are in a verge of going bankrupt? The lead is making money. How is the lead going to make money for whole bunch of team? A lot of advertisers. That's how they make the money by the TV world. They don't get much TV. Yeah. Why? Why don't look at it from the standpoint of the league. I look at it from my own standpoint being a fan. I don't give my entire team a lot to every. That make you care less about you or me or any other fan. Well, he's still a jackass. OK. And have a great day. I mean, you can be as loud as you want in disagree, but that doesn't make it so just because you're screaming and yelling it. He's a jackass. In fact, he's an asshole. Right. Anybody knows the game understands that. He's a detriment. He's an impediment. He's a fool. Everybody knows this expansion business. There's so many things that have gone on under his leadership. And I use that term loosely. He's almost as bad as Buds-Sealik. And that business about Bud Sealik. I wasn't one of those people as you know, they got all psychotic about Bud Sealik sitting there next to the bearded one a few weeks ago. Mutschidoo about nothing. But isn't it interesting that he don't want to be in a same room with Pete Rose? And that as long as he's the commissioner, Pete Rose has got two chances to get in the hall of fame, none and much less than none. And here's Bud Sealik, whose main claim to fame is that he's a schmuck. And he's sitting past in judgment on other people. Shame on you, Bud Sealik. And you know something on a personal level, I can't stand Pete Rose. I'll never as long as I live forget that night he was up there at Pompano Park sitting at the table next to was with a stack of $100 bills on the table trying to impress us. And I'm told that he does it at the track all the time. I've heard stories about him at the race track that would make hair grow on your back of it. And you wouldn't believe it. As far as I'm concerned, Pete Rose, he's an asshole. But what is that, Cajud? Did it with a Hall of Fame? So he gambled, fixed thinking deal. How about all these goddamn drug peddlers that they got? This guy that they just signed yesterday, the dolphin, this Baker guy, come to find out three different times he was peddling cocaine. But does Jimmy give a crap about that? No. Does a fancier give a crap about that? No. Like that bitch said to call Tom Jick at that one, I know we don't care about what we're treating about choking the coach. Any of that stuff. We just want to win. We just want to win. We want to win. Ah, you got a winner, baby. He's the coach of the dolphins. He's the biggest win or I see him in a long time. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, unimobile one line. A lot of interest in that business about having games on Monday after the day. They don't care. They don't care. They'll still share a lot of luck I told you before because there's not another damn thing to do. That whole thing with that Macarena, it's a social club. It's like this radio station. It's a club. So what do we do? What's the verdict? Are we going to be able to get those today? RB's Char Hut and Church is fried chicken. Have Palatine and jalapeno peppers. That's the good news. The bad news is nobody from any of those places calls to say that they were bringing any over. You know, and a Corual Who the Hell would? That's the question. RB's and the audience doesn't understand. Char Hut and Churches. Churches, Churches, chicken? Oh, that's not for white people. They have food for a Sparks, is not for white people. Churches, chicken? Who could put on some black face? No thanks. Or would you just bring raw in here for a couple of months? Say it was for him. Or if you just told that big black instrument that we got back over there, but I don't want to touch that after I found out it was in his spectrum. So what are we going to do? How about RB's? Is there an RB's around here? Not that I know. I was. Hollywood. I think we're screwed. Neil God. Look at my groom. It's coming here soon tonight. disseminate your husband and move you out of sight. Send a catch for me. And throw me to eat. Squad got him. Not tell me to eat. They won't declare a big private good. And that's all a cue for you. Have a deme secret of its best, rub your hair. I mean, you have no cash with a big, no shit with it. I suppose you'll be, I know that it's a big team. If you have my best, you have my 505, 505, 505, the QM, that's interesting. I should play that today because our poll question is who's got the better ass, Jordan Knight, Brittany Spears, Jennifer Lopez, or Ricky Martin? Huh? I think that's a tuple. I think it's nip and tuck. Here's a mobile and pop and oh, hello. Yeah, Neil, I'm getting so sick of these antique road shows, eBay and all this other stuff. I got some more on wife, but I can't go on vacation now. I spent $2600 on everything by Danny K. Moopy post is, and I'm just sick of it. Another thing I'm sick of, how trivial the society is with Cindy Corfoot and her silly little husband on the cover of people. You know, well, with a little baby, who gives her crap? Four magazine is a magazine for silly people, don't you understand? It's like well, those damn shows that are around being from seven to eight to clock at night, inside edition and outside edition and all those other 4,000 shows that have the same crap on it. Like we're supposed to care about the entom crews, nick it anymore and the cool kiddin. Who cares? Who's your son? The chibi here, the Lindberg baby. Who cares? Exactly, right. Thank you. And have a great day. Okay, there he was, a little venting experience. Look at that, no calls on the board today. I guess I can play some musical sit back and wait for Maydays to show up because contrary to public opinion since a lot of you probably thought well, the master is finally following. He can't get those poppers in there today. Surprise, guess what? We got Maydays coming. Now that Brian has something to do with that, who had to do with that? The owner Danny had to do with that. He heard us talking about. Thank you, Danny over there at the Maydays, which is the restaurant at Periereport. We tried to even know there was a restaurant in North Periereport and I'm sure that it's going to be really great. So we sent us a bunch of those jalapeno peppers and some other finger foods, maybe the burger, how are we all sure up with them? You never know? Maybe if he brings seed time to sell, I guess you don't look that good anymore. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a mobile one line, not a single call on a board. And of course that shouldn't surprise me because I realize now, there's nobody here with a brain in town. I mean, there's nobody here. Well, what's all the traffic? That's what I would like to know. There still seems to be the usual amount of traffic, but there's nobody here. So who the hell are these people? Is what I would like to know? Executed killer's cremation postponed. Kevin Zano's lawyers want to look at the body. The cremation of a killer who died and forward his electric chair last week was delayed on Wednesday. So attorneys for the next man's schedule to be electrocuted could have the body examined before they stick his ass in that thing. Lawyers for Thomas Provin Zano condemned for sling a bailiff to, I wonder if he's related to the proven Zano's from Bategu Downs from the race track. You think so? Huh. Condemned for sling a bailiff to re-1984 Court how shoot out in Orlando, hope to find some evidence to declare the electors here on constitutionally cool and unusual punishment. Blood pulled on the shirt front of Alan Lee Davis as he was put to that time July 1st for the 1982 murder of a pregnant Jacksonville woman under two daughters. Officials at Florida State Prison, your star said Davis a 344 pound inmate named the nickname Tiny simply had a nose bleed. An autopsy concluded that Davis could have been prodened those bleeds because of hypertension and heavy doses of blood pinning aspirin and motorny took for his arthritis. So what's the deal with that? Are we supposed to be all bent out of shape about that? He had a freaking nose bleed. Too bad, okay? Next. That's what I say. Next stick his ass in there. I'm still in for the lethal injection, but as long as this is law right now. Provin Zano's lawyer is questioned whether the elector chair worked properly. Besides the blood they also cited witness accounts that Davis seemed to breathe after the power was switched off. He was still breathing and heaving like that. And when you're 344 pound guy named Tiny, I guess if you're still breathing it might attract some attention. Especially after the blood is pouring out of your nose out of your shirt and you're supposed to be dead as a doorknile. Plus I don't think it says in this particular article, but it seems to me in reading about this that they didn't turn the adjuice on. All I should have said juice. God, too bad he could have been in the chair. I wonder if his nose will bleed when we fry his ass. The juice. Let's find out. Here's a mobile and pop-in, oh hello. Mobile and pop-in, oh. Oh, I mean, I do. Okay, sir. Okay, we know it's common. I was just came back from being time. I was up to it for the All-Star Game. And not that I had access to tickets, but friend of mine, I want to contest on WEEE either. Yeah. And so I got invited and there was nice enough to let me go. And we went there and we're sitting two hours behind Mr. Williams and the Weasel, Bud Seely. And Mr. Williams had twice. So all his sons didn't want to sit there because they didn't like the Weasel. And I called Uncle, that's what he said. Great. I'm just like to be in sitting here because he's so we anti-judge action and be gross and Williams is the one heading up the bandwagon for getting so jacked. Well, I'm not feeling like I just a pot setting. I mean, these all of these sports, they just don't know what tele is good for him. And what's here to say? The man's disgusting. Yep, that is. I mean, you know, we see the level of his own image. Yeah. Thanks a lot. Right, did a good time, sir. I should did. 560, 560. There's another guy who got out of town for a couple of days. He's had a great time. We're like a charm almost every time. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a pay phone in West Palm, hello. No? Yes, sir. Hey, there. Oh, this is Andy. I know you don't want with this area, but the other way you haven't moved down here. And I think we're going to do it in two years with baby cars for you. I'm totally addicted to you. I think you're great. Oh, two years? That's what I'm leaving. But then we might not move. I'm not getting. That's good. The only way I think I'm on here for. I'm telling you 11 o'clock this morning. Okay. Is Neil the Chinese restaurant stick? My wife is with me. I told her about it. I tried to do it as the best thing I ever heard. If you can give us an approximate time, you can play it today. We're only down here today in some of the harmonic. Where are you from? I'll watch Andy sing. Oh, geez. You're great. There's nothing like you got up there. Damn right. Okay. How about right at 11 o'clock? How does that sound? Neil, you're wonderful. Thank you very, very much. And God bless you. Well, you're going to have to shoot me. And have a great day. Cool. I'm not sure I like the way you hung up there though. And I'll play it. 567. Not that I can be too easy. You know, because we're going through the dog days. Really, really rough. It's rough times, man. Really, super rough times. 567.0.560. Pound 560 on a mobile one line. Nobody cares about the thing with the electric chair. Nobody cares about that thing about that. You know, I mentioned yesterday the University study in congressional panel members. Opposed the legalizing of marijuana in the New and the end of the United States of America. Because there's so worried about the children. What's going to happen to the children if they legalize pot? What happened to the children in Netherlands with legalization or the criminalization? Are they having a nervous breakdown? No. Are they doing all kinds of cartwheels in the streets? No. Why is it that this country continues to want to trap the brains of its citizens in this stony? Why is that guy, Dennis? Don't want to let the public grow up. I mean, this business about prohibition being a thing of a path. We already, we still have prohibition. This country is based all around prohibition of the government telling you what you can eat and what you can drink and what you can smoke and what you can grow in your backyard. It's a goddamn police state and don't ever forget it boys and girls. You live in a freaking police state and don't do like what's in him did their Cassie on guiding light and leave your passport home or God forbid. Go to the airport and try to use somebody else's passport. Go and get you one right now. Go to the passport office right now. You got nothing else going on in summer. It's boring as dog crap. Go to the passport office and get you a passport immediately. I don't care if you're like three years old. Get your ride. Get down and get a passport. You'll need it. Because this is a freaking police state. Here's Boker. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning to you. I'm getting out of town. Great. Hello Vegas. All right. First time going to go for five days in August. I mean, you're late. Yeah. Are you going to your first time? Yeah. I'm going to look forward to it. It's going to be great. Yeah. I'll take my 15 grand though if you're going to be there for five days. Okay. Go on to state the multi-colon. You've been there. I've been in there. And is it nice? Oh yeah. I don't know any place you go. It's going to be nice pretty much. I'll get something that dumps the Imperial Palace. Looking forward to it. And flying America West is that correct? Well, you know, it's nonstop anyway. That's what they say. But only the only good thing I can say for them is it's nonstop. It's a long flight boy because they fly those puddles jumpers. It takes them forever to get there about over five hours. But you know, just take some. Take some sleeping pills or something. Okay. Well, that's what I was trying to take a good book. Yeah. And also we have pack of lunch because the food on there is crant. Well, I'm not going for the food at playing. Right. I understand, but I'm just telling you it's really bad. Yeah. It's a garbage. And the wife doesn't want to gamble much. She wants to sightseeing. Oh yeah. You're going to rent a car now. Should I? Yes. Definitely. Absolutely. You want to go all out there to the mountains and you want to maybe you want to go down the loffland for a day and who knows to the grand canyon is all kinds of things you want to see. But even in the biggest immediate area, you want to drive out and all the residential areas not to the mountains. You've got to do it. So don't take the tour buses. No, forget that. rent the car. Right. And by the way, when you do rent the car, get you a map. Okay. Trust me. You'll thank me for telling you this. Get you a map, which they give you free at the airport. You know when you rent the car. And avoid driving on the strip as much as possible because the strip is so congested the matter. What time are you going there? You'll waste half of your time trying to get from no matter where you are to where you're going. So learn where all the side streets are and express way the interstate and avoid the strip. Okay. But if we want to do the strip, that's you should walk the strip. Right. Don't drive the strip. And plus they have the, they have the rail. They're anyway from like the, um, Tropica and all the way up to the middle of the strip. Oh, look, sounds like it's going to be a great time. You will be. And two day we can't get something like that down here. Okay. Good luck, Phil. I just have a great time. There you go. There's a guy who's going to Vegas and then have a great time. It's just so madening. It's just so infuriating. The idea that we got a bunch of repressive, constipated assholes up there in Tallahassee. Who are telling us, oh, you can't have this. And we have a new, two newspapers, not one, two newspapers. Who just did it. It's like a hobby with them. Every time you turn around, here's another editorial, making sure that we don't want to get up losing our money. The evils of those, one are bandits. The evils of those casinos. Those horrible awful, whatever they are. And in the meantime, everybody in their brother, like Joe Costello and then this guy in his life, everybody you talk to, they're going to get on a plane going to Vegas. Because they want to go have a good time. Maybe they're getting out more of those cruise ships because they want to get raped, one of the other. Oh, Leon! For weekday, Comrade Carkin, I hope you're both busy and down on Freunde 대표's house. Uncle Carkin, enjoy this. Stay right there. Well, it's tooabbie for me to search for too. Fortunately, you need to check. Oh, right on came yes. Hello? Where is that? Who speaking? Huh? Ja, hello. Who speaking? Huh? Hello? Can you hear me? Yes? You got a restaurant for sale? Huh? How much do you want for the salt? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss. I come over, maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Does a job pricing prove all the works? Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, da sa. You're Chinese? Yes, Chinese. Okay. You can go to the shop. Go. Go. And then you can go. You can go and go. Go. Go. And then you can go. Okay. But I'll go and come over and get up in local restaurant. Okay. Okay. Who's your host? Uh... You know, you know what I'm talking about? Go and go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Okay. I'll be right there. Okay. I'll be right there. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. I think they're putting this all on. When you come right down to it. It's 11.02 or 5.60W. And the headgoer, sir, from Flagler, Dogtract to a clock this afternoon. Anybody go to the Dogtract these days? No. And then we got the 65.0. We talking a little bit of baseball. Anybody interested in that? No. 137. And then Marlon's at Toronto to play the Blue Jays. 7 o'clock tonight. Any 5.670560, proud 5.60 on the 18th. He line here's Holly Wood Hello. Hey, Leo. How are you? Pretty good, sir. That was a very good segue. Because that's how I was saying yesterday. I'm in the restaurant industry. Yes. Before my phone screwed up and had a building. And I wanted to know if anyone called. I was a great call, by the way. Oh, a little bit of terrible call. I didn't. But I believe we compared to the other one just that it was great. Oh, that's good. Is it the same thing? Fego seafood. Yes. I've been to the one in Boston. And I was a little disappointed in this one here. Really? Well, you know, the one in Boston has that rich wood. A field, you know, with dark. When I want, that's what hotel is that in? What does that? That's in a hotel. It's in a hotel. It's in a hotel. It's in a hotel. It's in a hotel. It's a great food and the waiters are like, oh, not old, but they're professional waiters. And it was a rich feeling. Right. And because I'm in the business and we grow into that, I would like for every rich, well, you know, but it's not the same legal seafood. So in other words, they just have the name. Well, you'll see for yourself. It's just a, it's not bad. It's just not that rich feeling. It's kind of light and airy and it's called me and kids. It's a lot of what about the food though. Who did you say, okay? It's not the same. Not great. Yeah. So who did you have a who needs okay? I was not me. I mean, it's okay if you're there and, you know, if you're choosing between a few, a few different places. You know, you won't come out unsatisfied, but if I let you walk back, you know, that's like the same. Yeah. I don't think you cured me of my desire to go there. Because I don't want to go, no, I don't want to go to the sub-rass anyway. And I know to can't stand the sub-rass. Okay, another thing about Vegas. Yes. I came back maybe three weeks ago. And I don't do pretty much again, but although I want a little bit of money, which is great. But most time, and we did find a car, we did go out to the mountains and there's a little pedding to way out there and there's a little stupid restaurant. It's very fun on the outskirts, but I spent most of my time going in and out of the house. And does it go awking at the hotel? Sure. It's a show. It's going in the hotel. I'm very... Unbelievable, right? You don't have to do anything. And that's why I wanted to do it in Vegas in one day, that's really... Oh, really? You don't even have a whole day to see anything. Right. It takes a whole year to your senses. It's so beautiful and clean and Jesus. Anyway, you know what I want? Nothing happened to me. When I say my friends, I mean, everybody I know. And everybody has jobs. Nobody's in jail. I don't see what the big problem is. I mean, they're not holding a bench to rob money to feed their habits. Yeah, I don't know right now. But I don't think so. I think everybody's fine. Yeah. I don't get it. Well, I'll see you at illegal seafood. Yeah, right. Okay. See you. Oh, he... We should see him. We're not going to have to let you see him. We're not going to have to let you see him. Oh, yeah. You're the first to be studying in congressional panel. Panel members are supposedly utilizing marijuana because we want to keep a merceness Stone Age and do all those goody two shoes crap. You know what that reminds me of? I forget what Chandler was watching the other day and they're talking about some... Some... Deal now, some diet deal. And again, they're talking about low fat. Haven't we just got through exposing that low fat was a fraud? And again, they're starting about, oh, yeah. All it was about the restaurant guys. And they're starting this new deal now where they're putting in fact a sure was on it. That's why I saw it. The shoe mice do the brain stem was on there. And his restaurant and a few other restaurants they're talking about how, oh, yeah. They're going to have all these low fat menus with less than 30% fat for every music. How do you like that? I got looked for something else to do. Yeah, exactly. And you said, it's trying to pretend to be a nutritionist. God, oh, low fat. We just got through years of that, a whole decade of this myth of low fat. More people are fat in this country than ever before. It turns out it was a total freaking ball-faced lie. And now they're putting that crap on there with a straight face and pedaling it to us. Oh, yeah, low fat restaurant. You're full of crap. You're killing people with carbohydrates, man. Although at least don't on the don. He's still got that meat. Some day I got to go there to shoot was ever getting fired. I'm never getting fired because I'm not one of those jox nippers. It's big of a jox nippers. You should see the scene. I didn't see it myself, but I had spy reports. When Zoh was in here again, putting everybody with coma on the worst team again this morning with that long pondress crappier. That in our particular bull crapp that he spews, I mean, they were just sucking his ass. And sand douchebag, our promotions guy, who does no promotions whatsoever. He was the cheerleader. He was there with this tongue deep in Zoh's act on her long long time. Here's a mobile in four lotterdale, hello. Hey, I hadn't heard you mention anything about the umpires. So I think it quit. Yeah, because I don't care because nobody cares about baseball. So why do I have about that? I'm a second. It might be good because it seems like the best thing going on in baseball lately are the balls and the fights. I mean, I was a kid leading that umpires. We fight about whether it is a ball or strike. Yeah. So we get rid of the damn umpires. That's a good point. Yeah. I think that's a lot more fun. At least I have a little more excitement anyway. Yeah, something to watch. Right. And then if we could get marijuana legalized, we could all smoke it and it would melt out the fights. Right. We can share one or two problems with the same deal. Yeah, that is your mail on kill on a cell phone on those cancers. They see you can start smoking a little weed in the dug out there. Right. I can the day out and let him find it. Right. I mean, there's a plan. It's worked for me. So I'm reading a trial. Okay. Start this weekend. Take care. Okay. Excellent idea. 560 50560 Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I say it's about time we had something a little more a little bit more umpain. We're going to put people to that. Oh, you didn't let me finish. It's put in there on channel 7 right in the middle of the five o'clock news with the Exansive squatting over the chair. And if he should happen to slip and fall, for example. And why not get him like a little shock? Like you know that guy that he hit in that car in front of P.P. Park that time. He's dead. Oh, you know what goes around comes around Rick. Don't show her. Oh. Oh. The blind game. Janet Reno. Wait, no, wait, no, no, be no. Banana fan of Pope Reno. Be five, no, me no. Reno. What's her? Hobbo. Hobbo, Hobbo, Hobbo. Banana fan of Pope Reno. Be five, Hobbo. Hobbo. Come on everybody. I say no, let's play some games. I'll bet you I can make a round. Out of everybody's crime. The first letter of the name. I treated like it wasn't there. But a B or a nap. A R and M will appear. And then I say, both had a B better play some lame and banana fan of Pope. Then we served him with us a peanut. There is plain and a B by and a moe. And then I say the name again with a end of the time. To see the never name. To miss a crime. Oh, baby. Gorg. Gorg. Gorg. Gorg. Gorg. Gorg. Gorg. Gorg. Gorg. Gorg. OK. Now play all right. All right. Now come with a B. Gorg. There's banana fan of foes. There's banana fan of foes. There's a place to play in a deposition's verifying. There's a Fee-Pound home. Fee-Pound home. Then you drive them through the mud. Cover them to resign. And distract everybody from your own crime. Everybody does John Wong. Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong. There's banana fan of Ophong. Fee-Pound, Wong, Wong. Oh, Wong. Pretty good. Let's do Charlie Tray. Tray. Ophong. Banana fan of foes. Fee-Pound home. Fee-Pound home. Tray. A little play from Santa Burger. Burger, Burger. Banana fan of foes. Fee-Pound home. Burger. The play in game. Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong, Wong. All right. Everybody does the play. Come on. I'm 15 to 5. 60 WQAM. I'll tell you one thing. This isn't no fescent under glass, but nevertheless. Great launch. Thanks to our buddies at Maydays, which is in North Perry Airport at 751. Pember, Road in Pember, Pines. Maydays restaurant lounge. Look at that. They got lobster. Lobster tail. Not that we have that here today. We know that we wanted that. We got poppers, baby. Ow! These are the best. Holopinga cheese poppers. Man, with peppers in the. You don't even need any dipping sauce. We do have some here. And what else you got? Big gigantic fat onion rings. Chicken scripts, mozzarella sticks. Oh, I love mozzarella sticks. A little bit of. Maran. Different types of jackpot right here in my hand. Mm-hmm. So thank you so much, Maydays. You see we come through again. Again. It comes to food. We can do it. Damn it. 5.6705. 60. Pond 5.6. The only AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I think you like time to prove once again that the. Have a done. What a do. Incredible. Yeah, absolutely. One of the. The institutional. The. The capital punishment thing. I think the only thing in constitutional about it. Is how many delays or. How many appeals these guys can actually make. Right. We've actually go and sit on the chair. I mean, a tree. I think we need to assembly line. Legal system is just at a control anymore. I mean, everything is lost. We've never. Everything's just the. We kept that bastard. Bundy alive and Florida 10 freaking years. And how much did it cost you an eye? A lot. Imagine. Yeah. Actually, uh, buddy of mine. Turn 34. Unlike that is degrees. The doctor now. So he's officially, Dr. Dschedad you know, as a maintaining. Karen. I can't. Thank you so much. 5. 670 568 pump 56. On the 18. Will Sline we got two or three other open lines for you to for who's here today. Not that we care because we're having a great lunch from Maydays. Well, these are good. I mean, they're not good for you because they're for I'd of course. and fried food's are poison. They will kill you. But if this doesn't do with something else. Well, it doesn't taste quite as good like something. for example. Here's Kendall hello. Morning Mr. Roger. Yes sir. I played a talk to you sir. How bad. Okay. I just want you to not to hold it again so as you make and because I love the woman who talked to you yesterday she gets on a life can too. You're making women or something wrong with them. Oh no my wife is okay she's using a can. Yeah but that lady gets on a life can when I hear her I heard every Jamaican woman I ever spoke and do sound just like that same bitch that called yesterday. We're here. Hey one. Huh? Maybe it's the same one or it's the same one. I could be. I know she insisted she wasn't listening. She listens all the time. You know that. She's listening right now. She's got her finger on it. Well I'd say if it wasn't for you I'd be dying right now. I mean I'm home from surgery and I think wasn't for you on the radio to be nothing to listen to. I'm on. Well just like that. A good number and have a great day. I really enjoy you. Thank you. Five six seven oh five sixty what are we going to do about the Jamaican women. That's our poll question today and I still have an answer on who's got the best day as Ricky Martin Jennifer Lopez Brittany Spears or Jordan Knight who's yet to go in there. I think we had one other one. Um and I was that's enough. No choices on that huh? I bet your Ricky Martin's got a lovely ass and in the Jordan Knight. No question about that. I bet she's got an answer just like a lady. Well here's a Jamaican lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I'm also the one that starts with the teller with the foot. I called you last week. I'm on Jamaican lady. Yeah but you don't sound like a Jamaican lady though, see? Well I've been up here since 1980. You don't have that right imperial sound. You're not talking with that like through your nose. Well I think if you get me up to set up probably could talk like that. Okay. But I don't think it's to make them either have the palm. I think it's the man on a hole because they're very male-shobinists. That's what we have to live in. The man on the hole? Oh yeah the men all of them. When they sign a marriage agreement there's another she that says I'm allowed to mess around sheep. You have to put up with them all whole life in Jamaica. You know, once you graduate high school and you live in Jamaica you get married you have kids. The women stay home or get a job with the kids and the men they're out every night. All their buddies frothing with the new little young girls that come up. So that's a good one. That could be the attitude why we have that right now. But when we're up here we're totally different. I think it's a different thing when you when you grow up here and you grow up in Jamaica. Yeah in what way? Well you don't put up with the crap like you do down there down there you have to put up with it because you're there and you can't leave. It's a different thing. Your home is there your children is there. It's not much of a it's not too much for them to do. You know what I'm saying? That's what I believe. I get to feeling like the whole Caribbean is like not that I've ever been there except that the Bahamas once and I'll never go back. It's all Caribbean's like a giant toilet. I think everywhere in the toilet you can find toilet in every city, every place you go and you can find bad and good. That's for sure too. But I think we're different. Like for instance, we put up with it. We keep ourselves quite like a lot more. I'll give you a perfect example. A lot more men knows your husband's messing around. To give him dinner should go and go. It's ever back when I'm going to get some ice cream. She goes to the other woman's house. You know, I've come home and give him a ice cream and then you know be very nice. Nothing. She's taking care of business. A lot of people are thinking of older days like, I mean, I'm only 36 by things like our parents, our grandparents, their estate and relationships no matter what. You know, they were in there for the long run. Everybody here is so happy to voice easy that married getting or doesn't make a difference. The older days they stayed with it. You know what I mean? I think that you're making women and you're making men who are down there and they're living in Jamaica. They're playboys down there. And the women do mess up for just smarter. That's about it. There you go. Thank you. Have a great day. You too. Whatever you said. Anybody know what you said? No. I was in good time though. 560 70 50 bodies onion rings are great too. Have you had those? Man are they good. Not damn are they good. Hmm. So let's just eat. We only got two calls in the board. Let's just eat and make a lot of grueling sounds on here. Like Mr. Eagle. Smack your lips up. Yeah, like that. And put some peppercorns on it too, by the way. Lunch is never, you know, never complete without a bunch of peppercorns on it. Some green peppercorns sauce. 567. I mean, is that man ever done a spot in his life for a restaurant with he can even do like a spot for ice cream and they'd be putting green peppercorns on it. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. You're almost as boring today. See where he has to actually we've had a few good calls today, but we're kind of like spacing them out. We don't want to overdo it. Yesterday we had ample number of calls. It's just that almost all of them suck. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Yes. Good morning. I'm Nelson. Yes. What can I do for this? I go by Neil on the radio last time I checked. I'm sorry sir. Yes. I'm Nelson. This is 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T. Why will it get you must be hard of hearing, huh? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to find out a few had gone to the harness racing. The whole thing up in Goshen. No, I have none. Got the year of blast from the past. 1980, messenger. You know, the caller was Jackie Lee. Oh, brings back a lot of men. Yeah. Jackland was good a long time ago. What do you mean back when he was good? Just what I said? You don't think he's good anymore. No, of course not. He didn't know why. Why, why, why, why is he working now? Well, defend that Neil. Where is he working now? I don't know. Oh, no, no. You defended. Okay. If he's so good, how come he's not working? I've got candid freehold, Mr. Defend that. 567.0560. Like anybody in the audience cares about harness racing? No. There's not. They don't know Jackie mode from Moe Vaughan. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Defend that. Must be Jackie's boyfriend. I'm maybe trying the other side now. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, could you something me some motion in the basket? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Have a good day. Okay. Do you have anything to say? It works the lotion in the basket. That's all you get to get to get. We've got a nice one. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here's a mobile in coconut creek. Hello. Yes, sir. Even on Ricky Martin, huh? I don't do Ricky Martin, but Jennifer Lopez. Who you would do, sir? I'm asking you who's got the better ass. We're not going to be doing Jennifer Lopez. Hey, you got close to Hector Lopez. Well, it's been that for COVID and they work. Okay. All right. I'd like to hear a sound like you want to keep it in the family anyway. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Yeah. I would agree from the chin down Jennifer is outstanding. From the chin up, I would say, kind of weak. Pasty. Here's a mobile in coconut creek. Hello. And Ricky kicks Ricky's ass baby. Yeah. What do you say Ricky looks want? Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm a fugitive from day counting. I got out about 76. I saw the handwriting in the wall. Oh. And I just came back when I moved back to Florida. I went to Las Vegas in 87 with the Texas first and went to Las Vegas. And they wanted an incredible pound. Well, I thought you'd sit in just out of the bag. People just fall on themselves to leave money there. Incredible. Works for me. Oh, yeah. I tell you. I came back to Florida in 96 and made a way for Miami moved a little bit north of Orlando. Just listen to you a long time ago. Back when WQA was a teeny buffer station. Have an urgent long time. Just kind of stuck out here in the construction zone. Yes, sir. Have a nice day, Chief. And back to you. Okay, there's a guy I got out of date counting when I get in was good. Twenty-three years ago. Finding palettes when I came here moved in on a beach. Miami Beach for two months lived in an impossible place for the bunch of old Spanish Jews who were loud going like, I'm going to get in 24 hours a day. I got there a lot of there. I moved to Hailea because I wanted to get in a more civilized place. Actually, there wasn't too bad out there in Hailea. Miami Lakes. Ah, wasn't too bad. And then I moved from there to Pembroke Pines. Let's give the story of all these places where I live. That Pembroke Lakes were a little wild. You forgot Kendall. On a try, I am trying to forgive Kendall. I live in Kendall for five long years. And Kendall was okay. I hit its moments. And then I got there a lot of day to move to Broward. And I said, I can say that I'm a human being. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight, six, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Kendall actually was okay too for about one, about a half a year before I started going downhill. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Hello. You have reached Dickie's Workers Choice Catalog and Information One. To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line. Thank you. Transferring to an operator. Please wait. Tickie's customer service. This is Lillian. How may I help you? Yeah, my Lillian. Hi. You like Dickie's? Sure. I guess a lot of women do, huh? I believe so. My woman says she loves to get Dickie's. I see. She likes a lot of women. And I understand some gay guys like Dickies. Well, I'm really not enough. Yeah, I'm really thought about that. What's the biggest Dickies you've seen? Well, sir, we go out to a 72-way. Oh, my God. You like little Dickies too. Something like a big Dickies. Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir? Yeah, just so I could just say Dickie, a lot on the phone. Yeah, yeah. Were you wanting to place an order, sir? For what? For clothing? But I want to talk about Dickies. Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing. Well, I'm making Dickie. Hmm, hey. Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this. I'm not like Dickies. A lot of women like Dickies. Sir, I'm going to disconnect. No, when it's talking about Dickie. What do you mean do I like to get this out of here now? Are you out of your mind? You know, before you make yourself sick. Who's making myself sick? Oh, not yet. But I see it. Who's making myself sick, Ma? No. This is good. This is great. I know it's good. That's why you keep eating it. But what's wrong with it? It's good for you. Just because it's not low fat. Like over there at Shulos or whatever that other place was. If they were peddling on TV with that propaganda. Oh, it's low fat. It's low fat. You know what? Dickie. These onion rings are among the best I've ever had in my life. And the, uh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the best. They are a specter. Accitor. So wasn't it for a tool at us for us that the guy was out of town in the one place. And the other people unfortunately had that fire, but never less. Huh? We wish them the best. But thank God for that. 560, 050, 5060, pump 560 on the AT&T with not that we're selfish or anything. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Can we go back to the penny sales tax for a second? Yes. First I want to know when when it became the no tools referendom instead of the penny sales tax. I, it's just pretty clever to drop the word tax out of an also and just make a referendom on no tools. But did you ever get to the point where you why analysis pushing is so hard? Go ahead. I'm listening. Well, the point of this is for the metro rail. That if we can show that we have a new tax that will support operating the metro rail. Yeah. We'll get hundreds of millions of dollars of federal grants to build the metro rail. And now who's money? But how do you have we already been through that? Right. But that's all going to all his buddies in the construction industry. So this is always sham so that all the Latin builders can get rich off the tax dollars. They're going to get from this penny sales tax. Yeah. And there's a people who play it off it. So all this is just a scam to make his buddy rich. Little payback. And he thinks he's going to be vice president. Okay. Have a great day. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. For a lot of Dali. Yes. Hey, Neil. A couple things. That show that comes to the comedian from Canada that comes on MTV. Tom Green. Yeah. What's the idea? Is that tonight? Can I 10 30? 10 30. The other thing. How far is two syllables? How far? No way in the middle. No. It's not pronounced that way. Nobody pronounces it. How far? Oh, well, the only guy who would say that. Oh, that ain't me. Man. Thanks, guys. Okay. Good luck. So I can do it. I don't say how far. But nevertheless, as you got to once to, you know, show me how smart he is now. Do I am? And I would agree with that. After all, he's walking around on a loose nymphs. Fuck here in his chair now for another 2.5 hours. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I was just calling real quickly. I just tuned in. But that article about the guy who. I can't borrow money. Like $300 million up to. They say possibly $900 million. It's in today's on Sentinel. Oh, it's in there. Yeah. Yeah. It's the guy's name dropping. Let's see. I want to chronke it and a bunch of other people who weren't actually involved. But it actually is a game a lot of famous people to get this money. And also, it's a lot of regular people dropping names of famous people as well. But you'll see it. It's in today's on Sentinel and from page. On the front page? Well, for the front section, actually, it's probably about the page five or six or so. You'll see. It's at the top of the top of the thing. I don't know the facts. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Okay. Let's find the thing here. Okay. Kills some good time with that. It's an old story. We got to call yesterday that it was all bent out of shape over the fact that we don't read His stick in New York Times. That's for you. Okay, pal. I don't read the stick in New York Times. I don't like the New York Times. I don't want nothing to do with the New York Times. And what kind of Sentinel what's going on in the world? I hate to break the news to you. Sir, I guarantee you, I'm way the hell ahead of you. I'm a million miles ahead of you. That loudmouth New York. I'm not just Jack asked to call yesterday. Well, let's see what page this is on in today's Sun Sentinel. Sun on page two. Sun on page three. Not on page four. It's your eight on page five because they got nothing but a whole page of ads on page five. This is good. We can go through the whole day. Not on page six or seven. I'll tell you that. It's not on page eight. It's not on page nine. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if it's not on a whole day and for paper. Not on page 10 or 11. It's not on page 12. Where the hell is it? Well, is this guy hallucinating or what? It's not on page 13. It's not on page 14. They're talking about the Iranian. How can I try to go over there and jump it up and down? I think I've seen what is dancing their pants. It's not on page 16. It's not on page 17. But there's a very colorful ad though. Therefore, whatever the hell that is, which I'm not going to repeat because I don't want them to do any business. There is a page 18. It's not on there. Russians report creating element not on there. Tukes and Kingston Jamaica on battle cities gang wars. It's not on there. Is it on page 24? No. Not on there. How about page 21? And then of course you get to be at a turtle page. I bet you any amount of money. Dimes to don't. It's not on there. No. How about the off-ed page? No. It's not there either. Apparently it's in the Palm Beach edition. Oh, in the Palm Beach edition. Do we have the stick in Palm Beach edition? No. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. It's an old story. It's an old story. Again, about people thief and all the shukanery going on over there. And what I really need is the book. I remember reading that it was the first day we were on the airplane going on vacation. I remember reading that survey, maybe you was here today. And about how the Vatican got the control of that thing. And they had the band booked in the book band or whatever it was in Italy. Because there were too much of the truth in there. And of course the church can't stand a goddamn truth. So if somebody can give me a copy of the book, then we'll have something then we can proceed. Okay, as a poath and I sitting here, leaving through page after page in total frustration, wasting enormous amounts of time. Which, like I said, thank you. Oh, because it killed at least two, three good minutes. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Cheers. Just I'm an architect who is over-floated in 2000. And when I read all the rules, I just can't put it down. The trouble of hearing goes over the way that I try to get you. He held me and me how to change his name and then do the amstander up. And he can't run. It makes my tongue warm, warm, warm, warm. And it hurts, like, for a sound. Where there's no light, you will be found outside of what he sees as death. Like rubbing a tea and the juicing for a reason. And the lights, they say, they're to the arrogated hospital to the old. It's got moody's business that's all you need to do to all. I read it when I get the case of black beans squared. And then I wipe my hands on my white bear, rush your hands and the anti-maner up. And the anti-maner up. They take my tongue warm, warm, warm, warm, warm. The anti-maner up, the anti-maner up. They take my tongue warm, warm, warm, warm, warm, warm. There it goes, that's sticky. I don't see, yeah. I'm putting the channel for it. Wow. Wow. The thing's so wonderful, I'm going to try to stick it, come down. Oh, the way we're good at any helpful Angela Wig. Sometimes soon, I'll please boys. You need very serious help. So anyway, Mayday's in North Pair Airport. Hit the jackpot today. Great stuff. On your ring, some of the best I've ever had. I'll say it again. Our phenomenon, a lot of continuing to eat them until they all disappear. Even when that doesn't need all that dipping sauce. Let me just take it this. Although I do like the mozzarella sticks and the mariners sauce. That's good. But I'm not having those today. Because usually, no seriously, usually when you have something that needs to be dipped in sauce, that means that it doesn't taste all like rice. It's like, it's like putting a whole bunch of steak sauce on your steak, because the steak tastes like cardboard. Or really good steak like you did at that place. Oh, no, I'm not going to give them any more free plugs. I mean, you know, not even a free cup of coffee, not even have a great night, Mr. Rogers. That's for them. Five, six, seven, oh, look at that. I got one call on the board and it's got a question mark on it. What does that tell you? I guess it's time to get Jordan night out. Oh, yeah, that'll make Sam happy. Get his boyfriend Jordan night all cranked up ready to go. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's pepper pines with 16 question marks. Hello. Yes, sir? Yeah, now? Yes. Have you gone to see Austin Powers? No. Is actually moving. Yeah. And the other move, American Pines. American Pines, actually, actually. Okay, I'm going this week. I love, okay, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. I just want to make sure I heard him say right. And I would agree. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. What Sam look at it in here for a little bit of lunch today, huh? I guess Jordan night taking his good at care of Sam is he used to. So to speak, that's just a plan words or it's not. You know, I've never, only a fruit case that I know, you know, it takes one to no one, but I have never encountered anybody in my life who knows as many fruit case. I'm not just talking about gay people. I'm talking about real, real screaming, flaming, you know, I'm Sam. I guess he gets around. Of course, maybe he hangs out on top of the beach. That might be the problem. Here's the mobile in the world and Pompito Beach, hello. Hi, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Good, and regards to her. And that I tried to threaten Jordan night and every line on a board is what I'm, how? Go ahead, sir. Go ahead. I'm still here. You regards to steak sauce, sir. You would still you'd mentioned, um, Pito Lugher steak sauce. I love that. I could look it out of the bottle. Okay. Pito Lugher steak sauce. I've been a Lugher this few times. It's not to be put on the steak, because you'll get, it's, it's the steak is probably. You wouldn't use any steak sauce with it. Right. Or the tomatoes and onions that they give you as an appetizer. Uh-huh. It's like the salad dressing is the sauce there. The steak has been delivered to Lugher's in New York? No, I haven't. Okay. There you go, there you go. I'm sorry. I said it's loaded with sugar. Yeah. That's why I taste over it. There is actually a diet at work that Lugher's, but a name of Andrei came out to Naples. Yeah. Opened up Andrei steakhouse. It's an exact colon of Lugher's. The sauce is exact. That's the same acceptance set of the sugar. It's made with honey. Even sweeter. But excellent. It's on the lilly. It's made with honey. It is a honey tune. Yeah. It's a good thing. Um, I also have a little song I wrote for you. That's okay. Well, I had. Me, me, you are my queen. You are the most beautiful guy I've ever seen. When day I will hold you in my arms to fit. And I will never let you out of my arms again. Okay. Thanks, Jordan. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T where I was lying. Not fooling me. Jordan, I tried to do a voice. I've ever just sand put it up to that. What do you think? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Hey. Your comments on something. Yeah. It's been a huge fan since you're on. I've been syndicated up in Tampa. You're still live up there and listen to you. I'm not floated on the business. Yeah. And the ones you offered to do to hear you down here. Yeah. We say about Tampa, don't you? Yeah. I got an idea for a dream radio station. I want to know your opinion. How was it in the morning? Meal during the day. Did you film Phillips in the afternoon? Well, I would say Phil Henry in the afternoon would be good. For Phillips? Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? I sure. Are you joking me? Is this supposed to be a practical joke? No. I'm serious. Have you ever heard of show? No. Well, I'm dumbfounded. Have you ever heard Phil Henry? Yeah. I think he's great. I'm not in the middle of the day. And you told me that some guy, some pretended that's on here up on Orlando on real almost real radio is better than Phil Henry. Are you sure? It's great, Neil. Yeah. Not what I hear. Well, we're still now. He's not in my amy anymore. He's in LA. He's on KFI's on 50,000 once. He's in a real market. I'm still surprised you're not a Jim Phillips fan. I never heard the guy. How could I be first of all? Why would I be a fan of Orlando radio? I don't call anywhere near Orlando. So how would I have ever heard of him? Well, actually, the reason I asked is, I had heard you weren't a fan, but he's such a good rock. I never heard him. How can I be a surr? Are you listening to me? I never heard the guy. He may be the greatest thing since Hauva, but I don't know what he does. Send me a tape. That's fair. That's a little bit of a letter. I'll run tape on it and send it to you. Okay. Thanks. I'd love your show, Master. Why? What is this these last two days? It's like the guy yesterday. I wanted to give me a song of dance because I wouldn't read the right newspaper. What is with these people? Now, what was the other thing yesterday? They were trying to convince me, oh, they'll go see South Park. I don't want to go see South Park. I don't watch the NTV show, which I can watch for free. I'm not interested. I'm not into it. Period. But what do you think of Jim Phillips? The same thing as I think of South Park. I am above the law. Right. 560, 50560, pound-560, I mean, how many times do you have to repeat the same thing? Oh, I can't believe you're not a Jim Phillips fan. How much did he pay it to make that call, sir? I always always name drop and drop in my name on here, which I appreciate and saying good things usually, I guess. But I never heard the guy. How can you have an opinion on somebody you never heard before? Here's a mobile traffic report. Not another mess today. That would be the end. Hello. The open other bloody accident. He's Christ. It's 95 north coming out of downtown. He's about a hundred million cars looking at two idiots that got into a little fender bender. Oh, hey. So just want to let you know, don't be idiot and get on 95 like I am. Thank you, sir. See you, buddy. God bless you. There you go. There's a good bad news for you again. Third day in a row. And like I said, there's nobody here. Come to work this morning. And the traffic is all backed up here on 441 because they had a horrendous wreck right on a street corner out here this morning. A grotesque wreck. There's nobody here. How can we have so many freaking wrecks every day and then to make the cheese a little bit more binding a couple of days ago? We had that bitch that was dangling over the overpass on 595 at 441 threatening to jump. Look at that. We went from a full board across to a couple of calls. I'm telling you, if you think I'm joking about Jordan that, I'm going to pop that disk in the machine just to get you nervous. Although Sam says he does have a great ass to Jordan. 567. That's what he said. And he had a real serious look at his twist. What he said it to. Up the butt. Yeah, something like that. 567.0.560. Pomp 560. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How are you? What do you think of Jim Phillips? I don't care about Jim Phillips. You ever hear him? No, I haven't. Now you're salivating Orlando. But who cares? Right. I believe you know the fan here though. I don't care about that. Let me tell you something. Neil, the reason I'm calling. And you know what? First of all, I'm going to say it because I feel I'm happy to say it on the first time calling a long time listener. But who cares? Why does everybody say that? Why do they say that when they get on the phone? Do people really care? No. Why do they say that? That's a very good point. That's a bunch of boring people to call and I'm going to give this. You want to write the follows up here. You go. That alienated this call. You're ready for this meal. Yeah. Oh, we are producing all the powers that the guy that came up the boat. This is what I'm talking about. You listen to the pepper parts. I'm reading the newspaper this morning. President Clinton is going to go crazy now on the Coast Guard because of the six routes as it came in. Yeah. Right. Now, let me tell you something. They don't mention about all the years now that the Cubans come in on the boats and then they are two. Oh, we're back with you. But again, it's okay today. I'm told. Go ahead. Okay, the earlier. Let's say that. The Scarlet's say thousands of lives for all these years. Yeah. Turn here about that. You hear about a few guys that made a couple of mistakes a little bit of pepper spray in here. Oh, my God. Let's do this. Right. They forget about that. They got the Cuban flags down in Miami. And the worst part about everything. They're going to mix the social security now for the next 15 years that I pay into. Right. Yeah. Okay. That doesn't seem to be. Now, let's keep it going. Right. The other problem that I got is I live in power plants for 30 years. They're here now. They're fops. I know that my life is problem by moving the jelly. I can't breathe. I want to tell me body and space. Everybody in power, I can't get your credit or what. No, it's okay. You know, it's winter. I'm just having a few constantly. Come on. Yeah. We got to go. Come on. I mean, I don't know. Go for it. Come on. Hey. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Thank you. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18T Wireless Line. Love that Jordan Nightbader. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm doing great. Long time listener. First time colon. Yeah, sure. I just wanted to say I have. If you heard of that, I think he's still talking. He isn't heard of the doubt on this. If you heard of that movie, the Blair Witch Project. Yes. Yeah, I saw it last night. It's neat preview. It's really good. You have to see it. What kind of interesting to me? Yeah, yeah. They made it for like $25,000. They sold it for like $1.5 million. Oh, great. Yeah. There's other movies. There's a local movie. Zero on a few of these in the keys. There's a thing with the TV movie. There's a guy Charlie Adams on his little douche bag. One of my friends. And that's all I have. Okay. Oh, hey, listen, I just want to get on a roll. I don't want to interrupt that one alone. Keep going. Somebody said to me, yeah, I think it was yesterday. Oh, you don't let people finish. Well, that's because they all wanted to talk about Cuban just today. And yesterday was not the, it was anti-tubing day. It was anti-tubing. It was something. When I tell you we're not going to talk about something. We're not going to talk about it unless you want to talk about Jim Phillips. Let's talk about him for a few hours. Anybody over here? No. But I can't believe you're not a fan. I can't believe you're not obsessed with Jim Phillips. I can't believe you don't all have your own Jim Phillips blow up though. Even though you don't know who that is. Why is it that people who live in or land though, Palm Beach County and in Tampa in those three areas? Why is it that they think that everybody in the world cares about their freaking radio? No, no. Yeah. Every single time we get a call from somebody from Tampa, oh, we used to listen to the over unless you went. It was great. A blob last year. Yeah, as if we cared. Do we care about him? No. Nobody here even knows who that is. And then we get calls from Orlando and they want to talk about almost unreal radio and Jim Phillips and whoever else they got on there, which, you know, they got Howard in the morning. Is that what is that means? Is that anything to do with them? No, they open up a pot there's Howard. It's a big deal with that. I think they got time to like us on that station too, which I'd be embarrassed to admit that. God. How you doing time? You'll be a compulsive little liar. They left town in the middle of the night for Phoenix, Arizona with a banjo on your knee with your kneel who will go. The license plate on your car with your three share from WS News. Just before we put the phone the stone out there for it. You faker you phony with your goddamn ugly leather jacket. One thing about like this though, he makes me look pretty good, you know. Makes me look lovely. And so does your night by the way. Format is before noon is 560 WQM. What are you laughing about? I look beautiful compared to your night and I got a better ass. Good, gosh, no danger. Go ahead and watch the connection. Watch it again. Not funny, guys. Go ahead and watch the international available. Just before we get to work for recycling lots of plastic out there. With all of us injured people on roll out. That enabled me to go shopping in the Netherlands and first in the former people on theк market. So why don't you tell me I'm here with the image. the car whale. Take off. The NRA. Neo-Nazi. Of course, it's covered just in the K-K-K. We did. Heew. Come on through a five, 50W throughout the way. So I'm going to be definitely at the fourth time green to that MTV. You know who's going to be on? Bob Lassiter and Jim Phillips. No, no, no. That's what I hear. Five, six, seven, oh, five. Maybe we'll get a call from Orlando. We'll accept a collect call from Orlando. If anybody wants to give us a Jim Phillips by report. Yeah, Greg reads out of town, scourange, he's out of town. So basically, we got salmon and Ray Perry running the joints. So what do we care? We'll take a collect call from Orlando today. If you're listening on the internet up there, we've got to have somebody, right? Let's get a Jim Phillips fiery, important to find out if the guys even work listening to after the other guy was just hyperbeth. I can't, and any puts in my head a fill Henry? Are you sure? Oh, my God. Sir, you must be hallucinating. You must be doing doggy inners. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You want the traffic and all that? They have been always promising to take care of it. Even taking care of nothing. He's crazy. He knows how it was for none. You're right. He's a man that doesn't do nothing. He's a long head. He should be the next one. He didn't line up for that big electric year for all the people in. We can get killed on 5th every one in the other 99th street. He promises to sign their suicide. He has no enough in working with a kid. He's a liar and liar and liar and liar. Pants on fire, right? Okay. Castaways, liar, liar. 567, which we used to have that in the thing, but I bet you're not in any more. Is it, uh... Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Who wants guys to say? For make a finger. Liar, liar, liar. Take a song by. You're not the comic book for that. How is this guy? Exactly. 567, 560, pom-560 on a mobile one line. Hank Goldberg from Flagward Dogtractor, chapter noon. Probably because we're making some money from that. We've got Danny Baseball, 630 to pregame. And then the Marlins at the Toronto Blue Jays, seven o'clock tonight in the Skydome in a real serious city. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, hey, you doing me? I got your Phillips up there. You know, he does a call going to do. Yeah. Yeah, he does a great job. Well, anybody can drink color and water that don't make him great. Uh, well, I actually, we, big, he's great up there. Yeah. Yeah. He sounds like you'd like this time more like you. Yeah. Yeah. So another episode of wannabe is that what you're saying? Well, after you listen to Neil Rodgers, doesn't everybody want to be? Yeah. So let me ask you, did you, do you, do you, do you live down here or in earlier, like one? No, I live in Orlando, stuck with Orlando or Adio. So you just, just come down here once at home. You never heard feel hungry when it was on IOD? Um, actually, uh, no. Okay. Listen to you when you were in the keys for a little while. I want, because this guy is telling me that Jim Phillips is better than Phil Henry, and I, I look at that with one I straight to the sky when I hear that. Well, I don't know. I haven't heard Henry, but I know Philips is absolutely wonderful. He's the person to the rest of everything in the market. He stands up. He stands up. He stands up like you are down here. Yeah. Blow the doors off. And the wilderness. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kyle. Ah, thanks. Okay. Give him a big kiss for me. Red on the lips. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pompot. But that guy, when he put Jeff Jim Phillips. Of course, I don't know. Well, maybe he is great. Maybe he's the best rock cancer in America. If that's the case, how come he's in Orlando? That's what I would like to know. How come he's not not so real radio? I mean, how come I'm in Miami because they're paying me a lot of money, which is the answer to that question. I'm not really sure why, but they are anyway. And the reason that they are paying me a lot of money is because I'm making them a lot of money so they can afford the luxury of Greg Reid having his country club here. And have it only sports franchises on this radio station and have it a goddamn sports bar with a microphone like George calls it. And he's absolutely right. So that Greg and Pete is for Canigo. Oh, here's the call from Tampa. No, no. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, sir. I live in Tampa, but I go to Orlando all the time. Don't mention Bob Lassener, play whatever you do, play. I live a little bit outside of Tampa, I can't even get him on the radio. Good. There's nothing more to think about Jim Phillips. He's better than the shake. Yeah. All right. Wow. Screw he sucks. You know, you can just something funny. What did you get? You know, get in. Put on this gymnastics uniform. You know, foam man. There's a little sampling of the shake and pray anybody must have been. It was a four minute. He was on your area. You know, the funny thing about it is, is that I think he listened to a lot of QAM and I OD before because he sounds like he was absolutely right. He's a Neil wannabe. Yeah. Well, for years I've been hearing he always mentions my name, which I find bizarre. But most people in Orlando haven't got any ID who I am. He does it every once in a while. He mentioned you and you know, another talk show. Yeah. But the bottom line is he's a Neil wannabe. He's okay for Orlando radio. But I mean, there's no comparison between him and Phil Edwards. Well, I know you need to better net. Yeah. Phil's a genius in this guy sucks. I just want to let you know. Okay. Thanks. Now, I feel better. I mean, that guy before he made me feel almost like inferior, like Jesus, what's wrong with you man? How come you're not the big Phil, Jim Phillips fan? Once you start to feel like something was missing in your life, the way he said that, like I just can't believe it. Somebody if you're impeccable taste, who the hell would have fricking Jim Phillips anyway? I know I like his CDs. Makes a fine screwdriver. Right. Like he's head. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60. Yeah, there's the guy who invented head. Oh, Jim Phillips. And if you like you good drink every now and then, what's wrong with a good screwdriver? Oh, what's that? What would we just get now? A fact, apparently went downstairs away. And what does it say? It says uncle me. But I mean, what is it something good? Is it something important? I would love to say incoherent. Oh, WQAM. Oh, yes sir. Oh, real? Yes. Yeah, listen to this. Are we getting your car call from Orlando? No, nobody wants to get Orlando. No, listen to me. No, nobody wants to get Orlando. No, listen to me. No. Yes sir. I've heard Jim Phillips and he's no Phil Henry. He sucks. Yeah. Oh, you. Okay, thanks. How do you like that? We got people comparing Jim Phillips to Phil Henry, which I think is sacrilegious. I think Phil should kick their ass is what I think. Are you sure? Positive. See, the people in this town who didn't call Phil Henry when he was here by the way, the same ones who don't call on me. And they're going to say when I hang it up at about three weeks, they're going to say, oh gee, you know, that meal was really pretty good. We sure miss him. Although Georgia be happy because he would work for like what about a tenth of the price and you know, no problem at all. It worked cheap. I'm serious man. I'm talking to, I'm going to find an account in somewhere. I'm going to, what I'm really going to do is rob a bank. I'm going to find out somebody that can do some real serious drug deals. I'm going to go over there to Dolphin Camp and find out what some of those new Dolphin players get some good deals going and just hang it up and get out of this crap. You know what? Gotta sit here talking to people about Jim Philips in Orlando, which I never heard of in my frickin' live line. I heard the name, but I never heard his show and why the hell would I want to hear a show? Let me say it again, like the people in Palm Beach who always think that we care about JNO and all that crap. Does anybody out here care about that? No, we care about Randy. Wow, I know. We wish you're luck. Don't we wish you're luck? Well, you don't. Cause you got an anchedig ride, huh? You're just in different. Whatever. Yeah, we don't wish anybody bad luck. Although I'll make it exception, okay? Two people, I'll make it exception one. That's one. We know the Randy Jr. And the other one is her boss. We're trying to want to mention people during the year. Yeah, let's get a people's your voodoo doll. Oh, sick it. Oh, sick it. Oh, sick it. I'll stick away the moon though, chyne. Right. As that lipstick biscuit would say, there's no what they say in that song. Get that out of there. Oh, 2000 times which is the only reason anybody would buy it. I'm telling you. I think a lot of make a record right now. If I said stick it up your ass. The kids would buy it. Why don't you? Why do you think South Park is so big? You think if South Park of those cartoon characters were speaking like nice and clean, you think anybody will watch it? Oh, first not. Because they say a lot. 10 minutes past noon at five, 60 WQ. I don't play any lip-risk biscuit. Please. We'll have a duel. Yeah. We're going to have a face off. Let's get this good and lip-risk, uh, Jordan Nugget. Can I smell it? Can I smell it? Just need it to be in the middle. Oh, not long enough. They could do it enough. That's a lot of shingar, my dad. I go water. Just here on the mountain. On the mountain. Oh, no. I'm going to go water. I'm going to go water. Yeah. Go south of the border and learn the way of mountains. I'm going to go to TV for my bag. Oh, please pass another. I'm going to go water. That's great. I want to go. No, no. I'm going to go. Hold on tight. It's going to be a very long night. Monteshum. I'm riding a porcelain for you. Sure. 15 at 5.60, WDQ and we have 20 or 30 open lines here. If you want to participate, I'm so sorry that the guy brought up to him. He'll just kill the show. I mean, what's the point? He's spending a lot of time talking about somebody that even I don't know who we're talking about. You know, it kills him good time with Jesus. But like you're like, what's the sense of talking about Jesus? Do we know him? Of course not. Why wasted time? There was no such guy. And if there was boy, snappy dresser, 5.670560, love the sandals. So in Pomp 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the sun, where I shall go. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing today? Great. Yeah, when I heard the guy calls for about the Jim Ptoleau side. I had to call you. I traveled up and down the road to see my kid and they told him, so I'll pick up 104. That guy blows. Yeah. He used to be halfway decent years ago when he had a lady named Mrs. B. He used to work with him. And now he's in a distinct and broad name, more or less. I think it is. It works. He blows. Trust me. That guy, if he reads about Jim Ptoleau, it's just because Orlando hasn't had any of you. And how do you like him comparing him saying that he's better than a Phil Henry? I took a great success to that. You know, Phil Henry would have kicked his ass up and down the radio away. Right. Well, that's even before Phil got on a bed in the morning. I know. People still don't realize down here. I don't think what they lost in Phil Henry. Right. He just got in the cell for when I heard Phil Henry. And I couldn't understand why the people didn't take the him. But the combination that I owed he had with you and he were probably a dream team that any country, any station in the country would love to add. Yeah. But they blew it. And I guess it was at Boulder Gockey period you talked about just blew everything. He could screw up a lettering man. Well, I'd say what? Tell the guy in Orlando. And I hope a lot more people call this. That no Jim Phil. That nothing gets him personally. But after listening to you and then going up there, as soon as our channel surfing, it's one of 4.1. That's that stuff comes right off the radio. Good job. Okay. Have a great day. Boy, kind of stuff right in the middle of the S H in the rest of it. Wow. Nice going. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So the verdict is that he sucks. Yeah. But wait a second. That's the word that I'm getting is that he couldn't look Phil's. That's what we're hearing. I think the old IOD audience take grave exception to the idea that some young punk calls up here and says Jim Philips was so much better than Phil Henry. So do you like these MTV dance shows? Oh yeah. The beach dance shows. Yeah. Right. Well, I know what number that is. Oh, how come is I'm going to step 3, 64. Get the right number on your Mr. Global Groove. Oh, it's cheese. No, they're they're panning from one. Oh, I know. Why do we have to see him? We don't see. Let me tell you something. People at MTV everywhere else. Not that MTV don't show it up. You know, they sure plenty of good plays. We don't want to see ugly people without their clothes on. Oh, no. Come on. Look at how skinny she is. Now ugly he was. I mean, now we're getting a little bit better, but still out so great. You know, we want to see hot looking people without too much clothes on. Why do you think that so many people watch Rogue Kill? I mean, road rules, huh? Because every now and then they have a bunch of hot young people on there. And that's what the public wants to see. And usually running around without too many clothes on. You know what I'm saying? I want to America want to see. And by the way, how about that spot for the colon, whatever it has to do with the outlets you want to know that it is always well-chall. Because it's got shows condoms in it. Yeah. You know, there was one, what that was, it was some kind of a deal. They were advertising on TV and then Evelyn's. Where I like it like a record though, one of those record collections or something. And when you're sitting in for you get four free condoms. Can you can you believe this? Can we, the network executives in this country are too uptight to show the spot because it shows condoms in there. And it's a bad message to the young people. No, give the message that mother Teresa was sending. Don't use protection and keep spreading disease. There you go. That's the message that that old wrinkled up bitch was spreading all over the world. That murdering bitch. Just like the Pope, he'll pop up. I haven't seen anybody yet that I would walk across the street to touch with your hand. Okay. That's all I want to tell you right now. He's a lot of him. Yeah, there's plenty for you. She's pretty good. Oh, you know, some sexist bastard is doing his, some heterosexual doose bag is doing this taping. God. Hot chicks with enormous, all that area go. There's another hot guy. It looks like Sam on a bad eating day. God. I'm so like I said, let me back to my other channels. Okay, please. Why did you do this to me? 560, 50560. I mean America is so desperate for flesh that you mark my words they're going to go watching out to watch this stupid Tom Cruise Nicole Kidman movie. I'll go see it. It's a Kubrick movie. And why do you think he died? Oh, from embarrassment. That's right. Even he wasn't buying that Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise crap. Okay. And by the way, the scienceologist will be very pleased that you're going to go out and subsidize the movie because Tom is in it. So they'll be very happy with your first change. Here's a mobile and a four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, there. Not to beat a dead horse. Go ahead. Keep beating the man. I feel a bleed. Working Orlando, live in South Florida. Yes, there for four years. Listen to lovely Jim Phillips. He sucks. Yeah. Well, you're all the reason people listen to him is they have nothing better up there. Yeah. And everyone I know that when they get down to the Kiss me Disney area they turn on AM-560 and they say I heard Neil the day. I heard Neil the day. So they all know who you are up there and you didn't know the candle the film. I sure hope that's Phil that the word doesn't get back to him that anybody was comparing a Jim Phillips to him because he'll be really upset. And every time I go out to LA I personally I do as I look for Phil station I turn him on and he's just as good. Yeah, he's doing great. He's excellent. Well, that's all I got to say. But nothing to him. Okay. Thanks. Take care. Okay. So there's the word for you. Okay. The definitive word we were taking a fool here and so far we've had 49,000 people call they all said. Donn and Mike. Not blow. And Jim Phillips too. What we don't have one is his Jim Phillips blows. Not yet. 560, 50560, pump 560 on a mobile one line. Although I will say this, don't make me blow but we always are grateful for Donn. What was his name, Donn Jaronimo say in Wild. I hate that station. Thank you, Donn. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good sir. The Jim Phillips thing from another angle. Another thing that guy said was ridiculous is he's Howard before you. The dream team is reconfuds you and Phil. Rick and Sudge. You love Rick and says, don't go here. Come on. The dream team is Rick and Sudge is opposed to Howard in the morning. Yes. Yeah. Don't you, it isn't Howard like just got a very, I mean, I don't listen to Howard. He doesn't get it for me. I mean, I'm not into lesbian. I don't have any form. Isn't he? I think he has a very small, very small base of people. Really. Anyway, another story. He has a small base of people, Howard. No, I mean that like that. He doesn't have the full range of age and all. Right. Most of his people either like five years old or have him five year old mentality, but he has many people older than that. They just never grew up. Yeah. Did you hear the story from Tampa about the bitch that caused the seven car traffic wreck? No. She dropped herself on between the gas pedal and the break and trying to get it. He's got a lot of bad room lane and hit seven other cars. Seven car pile up. All right. Five people to the hospital with injuries. All right. I just like to say to these bitches and these big, Lincoln navigators in the four barcos, hang up and drive. All right. Yeah, I'm a great day pal. I know. Thanks for the spy report. Everybody says Jim Phillips blow. They're not just saying bad. They're saying he blows. He sucks. He bites. I don't want to say that jump on the band. Why don't I don't know. There's a guy that's always saying nice things about me. So why should I rip him and ask? I'm like my good friend Al Golstein. I mentioned you by the way that left him a couple of costic messages on his answering machine. No. And home to him. No, in Pompano. I don't have his number of names to them. You've got to, I don't want it. He keeps sending it to me and I keep throwing it away. Because then when I'm over there, at least now I haven't excuse why I don't call him if he happens to be there. We just go tap on the door and if we heard noise inside, we run away. Costic messages about what? About that tape that he said about how he, and admitting that he's going to suck how it's asked because he wants to go on Howard's show to have hard promote the screw magazine website www.screwmag.com. Which if we're doing for free? Should have seen the movies he made. And he gives me that gratuitous plug about how he loves me so much better than Howard and Yati Yati. And I'm down here in Miami. Most of the people watching Midnight blew up their New York Don't Who I am. And he gives me a nice plug, but then he turns right around and goes on to say, oh, you know Howard's great. And this is that even when we walked up his show. And the only reason he's saying it is because he wants to get the pre-plug and to get on that show. Which goes to show all you kids out there. The divorce can be a real expensive business. Okay? You can lose all your pride all of yourself respect when you have a real expensive messy divorce like Al Goldstein. Because if you know as well as I do, if he weren't hurting for money, he tell Howard to stick it up in the back of him like he did before. But he needed to cash. Here's Timmer Pines. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Okay. How was, uh... Okay. Moving right along, let's go to a Cooper City. Hello. It's raining over here. Yeah. You like just came back from a wonderful time in Toronto by your recommendation? Oh, you were there? I was five days. Great. I stated that West in Hardin Hotel. Downtown, yeah. Downtown. Went to the car. Go up to Niagara Falls or around the place. Good time. I'm at a great city. Yo, it's, uh, it is a nice place to go. Yeah, I will say, you know, it's uh, what up? Just travel around and people will find no problem walking around. Right. You know, and uh, was it too expensive? No, it's a little bit deal. And the American dollar. And then you get that a lot of here. Right. How come the pant is always come so close to signing the player? You ever noticed every time we go to sign a free agent? We really tried hard to get that player. Yeah. We saw cuts face. The briemer has got to go. Well, no, actually they wanted to get commensky. But then they found out that his first name was Valerie and they were a little bit nervous about giving the guy on the balance. We're talking English now. I mean, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're How do you like that? You better talk English on a bench. Terry Murray. You want to fit in right enough. Stop for his making into what my language is you. I say let's learn some vulgarities in, uh, checks of hockey. That sounds good to me, right? And the age you get you, it's, it's a form for a season ticket. You had a what's the story with that? Yeah. Did you? Sure. Long time ago. Uh-oh. Ha ha ha ha ha. Uh-oh. Five six seven. I guess they don't want that guy back. That's the, on the mobile one line. Twenty six past noon and five. Fifty. By the way, I don't want to mention anybody, uh, since we're talking about hockey, it's Pierre, Tursion, not Turgion. I just mentioned that. But I hear somebody on the station yesterday say, Turgion several times. I think I did. Uh-oh. Just mentioned in passing his name is Tursion. He's a frog. I can't stand. He's a pretty good player. I don't like him. But if we're going to pretend to be known something about sports on his station, let's get the hockey names right. Just think Turgion. Turgion. That's his name. Frog. I don't want to start picking on anybody. But. All right. Yeah. Here's Laura. Hello. I don't know where you can all these ideas from. But it's absolutely ridiculous. What, I think her is buying you off. He's buying everybody in top floor to make everybody the people pay the bills for him. Why should we pay this to have him there? He's the plenty of money. Well, I think you're all a bunch of nipples. Well, what do you want me to do? You're calling down to him. That's all. Sportsers. There's a very, very big part of the South Florida economy, man. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to have to walk back to paid by the people. We're going to pay for it. He's going to money. What? But I, isn't he? Could I ask you to calm down, please? Because if you were to employ you, mine, I'd have you fired. You're good. You'd be the first one to go away. You're not allowed to speak to me that way. And no employee of mine's allowed to speak to me that way. So I would ask you to just calm down. Or I will hire you just to fire you. Hello. We're here. I'm listening. Number one. We're not going to say South Florida. It was a toilet bowl before he got here. A large swirling, round 10 toilet bowl. He's came here. Safe sports. Saved our sports franchises. Give us a reason to go on living. We had no reason to live until he came here. We had the dolphins. That was it. I had been once was football team. Now we've got baseball hockey. We've got blockbuster video stores. And here at WI-A-D. We have our blockbuster gold cards which can title us the half-off on every video rental. We're very excited about that sales to get yours. Yes, I got my blockbuster gold card. So you see more of a you may be out here. That's a big deal. Well, it's very good for our employees. Would you like one? No, I wouldn't thank you. I don't want to come. I'm going to tell my son not to even bother to bring any videos to just know. What kind of videos do you like the watch? None. Any kind of little X. You know, going on in there? No. I don't understand the reason for that question at all with it. It's very fine lady. Watch this. You know, you've actually been. You really, I'm not a young person. Why? I'm not like X rated movies. Well, maybe I have to start. If I get a little, you know, you know, what is the point of this? Yeah, I'm this way. That's too hard. I'll listen to her going up. I'll pay you some right now. You need about, I'd say six, seven hours. A little cone-yack. And some guy with a French name and a parade. You're dead. You wish him another tune. What are you talking about? You know, you know, Mr. Hanger. Yes, Mr. Hanger. If he, if he, if he, if he ridiculous, it's a little insulting Bob for you to be talking about that. Everybody, but he, but he, and he. I'm a little, I was talking about everybody. But he, and boycott, WIOD. One of the last time you bought a ticket to a dolphin game. I don't go to the dial. There you go. Why should I even care what you say? I want to go to my television. But I do know. I'm too old to go. What, what do you mean you're too old to go? You said, first year's held a week. I just gone through an adpeach from the operation. And I cannot do it. You're a sort of German, except as a key to infing going. He didn't have an artificial knee operation. He didn't have an antibiotic surgery. So don't tell me that. He's got a lot more nerve-racking. That's a lot of shit. I can send my car this week or pick you up. You and me, dinner, dancing. What do you say? Nothing doing. Just for the reason. I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even, I feel like he wrote a show. Was he a good relationship with this list or a story? He doesn't have a stand business. I understand. I understand business. I think the thing, I know we're very, very important. I would like to do when I appreciate your paper. We're going to do everything we can to keep it happy. And thank you for the insult. You're really a fine man. I hope you'll like appreciate it. My wife is fine. Sure. Maybe she might go. Oh baby. All right. Not yet. Please. Laura, I apologize. Yeah. For my boss. Yes. I need to hear. He's not even nitric. Good night. You've got a lot to talk. You're welcome. Okay. From 34-5-50. No Jim Phillips on that. Thank God. 5-6-7-0-5-60. 5-6-60. On the mobile one line. Here's, oh look at that. Dr. Mark is going to come and take my blood one day soon. Whatever you want. Next slide. I want to ask you if you want a news group regarding healthcare, politics, and business. Yes. You're going to, you're going to excuse the herald on this because we're going to come out tomorrow. Okay. You know, we formed a unionist here. Right. The doctors. Because some of you insurance companies have been screwing us in the public long enough and we think it was time to, uh, the way I phrase it is for the Jews to be from New York to New State, Italian from New Jersey. And, uh, so we announced this morning that we're still in one of the biggest ancient moes in the, uh, in the state. Would you like to hear about it? Sure. Okay. Well, United healthcare has been screwing around for months and months and months. Lowering payments to doctors, you know, latterly is nothing they can do about it. So we decided to take this on as our first adventure. And, uh, we're really having a press release from the, about the blessed week that we're filing in Orlando tomorrow afternoon. And we're going to try to make some changes. We may help cure as an engine. It's not because it's timely with Congress that was a coincidence because we've worked on this for six months. How's that sound? Great. Wonderful. So what are you coming Monday? Uh, Monday, maybe. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What you got to make sure you let me know because I'm going to fast, you know, if I fast to noon, I'm right to pass out, you know me. Monday, in that case, Monday's. Let's, let's, let's, let's, don't, don't do it Monday. We'll firm it up and then, uh, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll make sure you can Monday's really not my best day leave you off some buzz up care. Okay. Okay. Anyway, um, that's really my whole thing. I just wanted to give you the information and advance. I told the Harold about it and he said to be a lot lying about it. And when they get the news, when they get the press release, it's unlikely they look for me tomorrow, but they'll be a day late and dollar sure. Well John bless you. Thanks, Mark. See you next week. Right. Okay. There's Dr. Mark. He's at doing it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Got 1520, 1000 open lines here between now and two. Got an hour 24 minutes to kill any interest here today. Oh. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. You killed his great man. Anyway, are you? Yeah. I was up in New York last week. I was slipping it in the radio dial too. And caught the end of a bit. I guess there were promoting a morning show or something. It was that bit that you that won about the girl in the field or whatever. Right. The farmer's daughter, right? Right. Don't you don't have, I don't know how it works as far as he fits, but you know how exclusive on him or something. Well, for the market. Right. Anyway, that's it. Anyway, great show. Okay. And have a great life. Yeah, for the market. You know, and the, uh, thing. 560, 750, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got to scoop on Jim Phillips for you. Okay. Yeah, 90 percent of his material he ripped off from you man. Really? As you word for word. Maybe that's why these people find it so familiar. I know because I live there for a few years. I move back down here and I listen to you for five minutes. But honestly, listen, listen, listen to the show on the internet. Is that it? He probably does. Huh? So I know comparison to him and Phil, though, not at all. Thanks for the scoop. All right. See you. Okay. We've had 42,698 calls and except for the one kid that said that he was better than sliced bread and hollowed on put together. Every other one of them is said, he's an asshole. He sucks. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Boy, if I got a headache, I wonder if it's from this real tight cap. I got him. I had now thanks to our good friend, South Alconey and our friends from the solar water. We're in here before giving you a little guided tour. Bring me some more olive oil. All you'll leave. Here's four miles. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. Yeah. I was in Orlando. I was a guest. Who was this guy? And so it could be unequivably stated. Jim Phillips sucks. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Well, the appole continues going. This is even bigger than Ricky Martin's ass. I'll tell you that in far as the response. They are downright hostile is what they are. So sir, the one that called me for saved the tape. Okay. Don't waste the tape. Don't waste the postage. People are starving. Don't go waste in a couple of bucks posted. Send me some stupid cassette tape. Because when we have 120,000 people call in, every one of them says, he's an asshole. He blows. I can't they can't all be wrong. Twenty two before one. It's five sixty. WQM got a hangover show from a flagler. From fabulous flagler or two. Anybody going down there to check out some good dog racing? No. Six o'clock. We got the uh huh. What are you looking like that? The dogs in the high lie. They're like, uh, S.O.L. Baby, they're history, you know? Like a big dinosaur. The broccoli. I want to tell you something. You're all about this sentiment. But I think it's like your tag like you said. What are they? I don't want to get rid of this. Oh, I got the phone. Is a r flat bear? Visit my friend's office. I am the one. Mhm. I am the one with your language. Let's hear it. Stop my word. There was no farmer who lives on Iraq. He saddened the med OG z. acting existing at some boys. It worked five out of brick. There been no water. There is on their marbles and played things and had half past four. They are capable young ladies. He looks like the Pretty young bones. She on creatures she sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress, and she showed them her rumbles and leaves is and white fluffy dark. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spit. One of the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you in the air from yesterday's hunt. One girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the feather. Down by the dark, in the blacked up man with a side of a hole in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her phone, like they she showed him her list of bettozu was subject to bits. And maybe she left him, wrap hold up her small tender and with a movement so quick. And then she then over and sucked out his candy, so tasty made of butter scum. And then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is 30, you can go to yourself. Oh, right. 45 at 5.50 WQAM. We have 20 or 30 open lines for you. 60 or 75, 5.60. 5.60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, a long time. Listener, first time caller. Sure. I think you're great, Anna. I think the world's going to come to an end. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. 7 minutes and 26 seconds of our dime wasted right down to your scrapper. Okay, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on a mobile one line. Let's try a mobile in Boca. Hello. Well, mobile Boca is on. Is that it? That's it. Sounds like. You just moved down here to South Florida. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Actually, I kind of like it right now. Yeah. I just come across your radio station in your show and I think it's fantastic. So that's a, that's a plus about moving down here. Where are you from? Well, I'm from Ireland, but I just, I moved here from Colorado. Actually, recently. So I've been in college and Colorado for a while. Yeah. But one of the things I noticed that I come down here is what's with the TV news stations. And this area. They suck their news and absolutely atrocious. I mean, where, I mean, it seems to me that it's just in the business of trying to jam as much on intelligence, on informative crap into as much tire and into a short time as they possibly can. Yeah, their middle name is. Yeah. Yeah. I don't understand why. I mean, there's, I mean, one of the main stories on last night's news on, I don't know which channel but I can say I haven't taken a while out yet, but was about some eight-year-old kids still in their face with pizza. I mean, it's not, I mean, that path is for news down here. I'm going to just have to move away. I don't know how to use that. Yeah, I would not pack too fast because after another couple of weeks, you'll understand what this place is really all about. You'll hate it like poison. Well, I mean, a little bit of the area. I mean, it's beautiful, stay, dude. I think it's so repressive here. Not even allowed to rub your shell, Ali. Yeah. Right. Well, we're, yeah. That's right, sir. I'm telling you. I believe that. But I just wanted to make the comment that I, I'm just pretty amazed that, I mean, some of the news channels are trying to, they don't even take a breath in between these ridiculous stories. Well, I got a lot of practice to get out. That's what it is. They spend some more time on some serious stories. And, you know, I don't know what just mean, world news, just because I come from somewhere else. But I'm talking, like, at least some serious stories from the area. I'd like to find out what's going on in the area. But it's not too much going on. Don't worry about it. Just want to go to the next slide. Yeah, it's just like being in Northern Ireland. A lot of shootings and bombing stuff like that. We don't have that much of that going on anymore. Oh, that's good. We're getting better. Okay, I'll see if that Protestant march. Have a great day, pal. Okay. I'll see what the orange people and the purple people eaters. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Here's my, me, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Here's a mobile. There must be a mobile. There must be a cello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. You there? I'm listening. Okay. I got a button. You know, if you like your cellar, but we love your cellar. We really think that he's gay. All right. His name is Don. How does he come out of the closet? We just need him to come out of the closet. Maybe you had the hotspore. Maybe that's the problem. Oh, no, no. If I were you, I would like to try it. I would like next time you're together with him. I would grab his crimes and see what his reaction is. That'd be a real good tip off. So to speak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's my, me, hello. We're getting real close to Jordan night again. I'll tell you that. My, me, hello. Here's a two-late mobile. There must pombie, cello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Why? That's the quickest I didn't have to wait. 49 seconds, man. So I'm a gun. Hey, have you heard from Phil lately? I've heard he just played that one bit. You haven't heard from Phil lately because he's not there in Los Angeles. He's got a wife and a wife and a bunch of kids and he's doing great. All right, that's just too bad. He's trying to follow up this place. He's the bomb next to you. Yeah. Yeah. You want to end that one bit that he had the apartments. We know stairs, yeah? No. No. That's too bad. Well, I'm listening. Okay, pal. I'll read it out. Here's a Jupiter. Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I think you're funny as hell. And your priorities are great and the musicians and everything are great that you use. You work with them to do that stuff. I'm right all over, yes. You do? Yeah. Hey, man. It's cool to be there. I've seen most of the elite vocals on them, yeah. You do? And I played the guitar. Come on. Yeah. Are you serious? No. But then you know, mentioned to the art, but that I know it's your show and everything. But they are talented and... Well, time, time is of the essence. I don't have time to be given credit to them. They're great. And you're just funny as hell, man. Okay. But I'll connect. I'll see you on your way there. So, okay. There's a call from Jupiter, baby. Yeah. That's what we're trying to do. We're not trying to be informative like George. I go on vacation five times a year. So, George can be here and be informative. Now, I've known George for years. Now, I never found him to be the least bit informative. But that guy that called yesterday really cracked me up. Oh, George was so informative. Let's see. I got some information for you. Lean over and take a whiff. Okay. There's another one for you, sir. Here's a little fart. We're here to be entertaining. Give you a few last. Maybe you whipped up and pissed off about a few things, Bell and then. About some of the grotesque injustices of our times. Like, may you're a ping-a, for example. But other than that, we're not going to change the world. Are we? No. No. There's got for a second. No. These people that keep calling me lately saying, oh, we just moved here from Ohio. We just moved here from Colorado by way of Dublin, Ireland. What do you people doing here? Are you crazy? That's... Man, oh, man. I'm not saying Ireland is so great, but at least it's close to some places that are pretty damn good. What does it come over here for? Crazy people. Come into America and search for a strip shopping centers and go to New On-Signs. And a lot of people on death row. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I, how you doing? Great. Great to have you back from vacation. You're in. My phone, my crap, Adam, going into a toll-sized area. Oh. Uh-oh. Can I have her a seat please? I'm a nun. Sorry. I'm back. How much was that toll? 75 cents. So right by the National Car rental Center. Oh, you're on the turn by. Are you on the other 85? Right. Hey. Yeah. What's George was great while you're on vacation. He's made significant improvements. He was very informative as well. No, I wouldn't say he was informative, but he was not good. He did a great job. I hope he was not informative. No, I was informative. We're going back to the tapes. Hey, I have to agree with the guy from Ireland and Newt here. Yeah. I watched on the small dish to do. Why didn't I go to the separate channel for? I can't stand channel for news. And yet the other ones are so much worse than I'm stuck with him. And I hate them. I watched fandom. I watched the news from the West Coast on the small dish. And they don't report anything about humans or... Anything they do here. And they're not hysterical about it. They don't... I don't know how the Elliott Rodriguez is trying to make the news instead of reporting it. And the women are so beautiful. Yeah. So that's about all I got to say. I'm going to go back to the guy right now. Ireland, Mitchell, though. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Maryland, Mitchell, little's cat eyes boy. She is she disgusting or what? Oh, God. And let me ask you something. My good friend there on channel 6, which I never watched him. What's in a while in the morning? Because my good close buddies Bob, we've earned Bob Mayor, still there. And what's her name? Is she ever going to stop me in pregnant? She just gets fat. God, I'm embarrassed. I can't think if we're really great. Kelly Craig. Well, I'm sorry. Sorry, Kelly. Is she pregnant again? Maybe she's just permanently pregnant. Or maybe she's just... All I'm sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. She can't be fat. Can she? Huh? Let's find out. Anybody out there knows Kelly Craig is fat or just probably again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 60. And I'm overwhelmed. At least we know it wasn't Tony-sit-redo's baby anyway. That's for the amsure. Or he just... Oh, man. You know something I would rather watch. Jersey Jackie. Then him. And I'd rather die before I'd watch. Jersey Jackie. Any day the week. I'd rather corp before I saw him. I'd rather listen to Jordan Knight. For a month, not a five. Yeah. Yeah. Then see a 37-retta. I've got a what is that? That one's on the road. What is that? You see it's been two in the home. Just... I guess this part of the shoot is... A back-ling. In the back-ling. On the on-be-un. On-be-un. So you don't notice how bad he sings. Oh, I noticed. Just five. Down. That's gonna be. We're gonna do a 500-part series. What is wrong with the young women and the girls of America? What is wrong with you people, huh? Man, get some taste. Get a brain. Why doesn't he just have a big sign on him? That's his... I float like a butterfly and I can't sing for a crap. But other than that, here I am. Take me squeeze me, uh, pay me. Remember that song? Here's my me, be, chillin. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, there you are. Hey, listen up. You can drop me nuts. Who is this Jordan Knight guy? Is a guy or a girl? He's a guy. He used to be a new kid in a block out of those... Disgusting little punks that were popular for about ten minutes. Okay, that's why I thought we were... And I was suddenly hitting him in one of the other ones whose name I can't remember, it's the one of these two. They made a comeback. And he... He's a monkey mark. Huh? I'll say monkey mark. No. Anyway, speaking about a Jordan Knight guy, him, Brittany and Ricky, just go through a prove the age old lad is that you don't have to... sing a duet and just have good looks to get along and get away in this black or murder breaking the money that they do. And don't leave out Jennifer Lopez. Okay, you know what? I'm gonna get Jennifer. I'm gonna sell my hired man. Wow. Okay. Anyway, we're... I'll see you at the hired. Yes? I don't see the accident last time. I want your opinion on this. Uh... Something to see in them. I saw Jeffy Jackass, uh... Gain's iconic again. This time, I don't know if you heard about this. Tim... He's getting all psychotic because the TV executive aren't putting it up black. And minorities in the... late night after the show. Oh yeah, they're all psychotic about that. I think I got some kind of a quota. You know what? You know why I say we'll solve the problem? Re-wrens of the Jefferson. Ah, very ago. Well, the only thing is him and the National Association of Coons is to pop them or get most of them out because they can't get more black. And my only thought is, you know, they've got the ababblement and payment network and the whites have a top, uh... TNN, so why is everybody getting all worked up for? Hey, man. All right. Okay. See you in Atlanta. Cracker. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Boy, they're all whipped up about a bunch of crap. Okay. Just calm down. Just relax. Just relax. We got a bunch of professionally militant people out there. And they got to have issues. Don't you understand? And if there isn't a real issue, they got a fabricate one. Well, how come we don't have a bunch of shards or programs? And a bunch of holy old programs on new false schedule. And if anybody gives a crap. Since most of us are watching the dish anyway, and don't forget Tom Green, 10th or none on MTV. Please. It's not just a one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. We don't intermit the end of the town. We don't intermit the end of the town. We don't intermit the end of the town. We don't intermit the end of the town. We don't intermit the end of the town. We don't intermit the end of the town. We don't intermit the end of the town. We don't intermit the end of the town. And from a mile away, you can detect these well-off spots. Spoke, cancer, smoke, smoke. He light up these places and talk. Spoke, cancer, smoke. Spoke, cancer, smoke. The cancer, you do. You'll be carried out the power of indigundance, back. Spoke, cancer, cancer, smoke. We're all different in that we have made. Jamaica doesn't need any foreign faith. America and tourists come here and say, God, nothing like this into you and this smoke. Spoke, cancer, smoke. Smoke, smoke. Oh, right. They light up these places and talk. They begin to pop and talk. Okay. Spoke, cancer, smoke. The danger we put. Under the Delphus on you are a rascal man. You like to smoke the giant sip whenever you can. Many people from many different miles around. So bite deeper through you by the constant income. Rastaman is a tower on my right. The country be good tonight and then they smoke. Spoke, cancer, smoke. They light up these places and talk. Spoke, cancer, smoke. Spoke, cancer, smoke. They can't judge if you could. Oh! On 03 at 5.60 WQM, Black Tender's food was really good today from Mayday's over the North Korea airport. They can be sick as hell, but it was very good. What? It's your fault. You know I can't eat breaded. Tell me. And I said, please take this out of here. And I don't know. Let me leave it in there because you might want a little more. Sorry. What was I thinking? Oh man, is this killing me? But it was great. What a way to go. No wonder Gene Hart died from those tasty cakes. Gene Hart stood by the way. Anybody know who that was? No. Anybody care about the fact that Panthers are playing two games on Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock. On holidays. There aren't real holidays. Any calls on at today? No. No. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. As far as your vacation, you elaborated on Amsterdam. And I've been there. I'd like to very much also. Yes. Did you make it down to that place a collar called one-tell? I think Bon Bon, south of Colonadal. Bon Bon? By something like that. I thought that was great. Bon, okay. It's Bon, then. It's one? I just caught the end of it a few weeks ago. He told you to go down there. And I don't know if you made the trip that way, sir. No, it was just a couple of days ago. I thought the guy said something. But it wasn't Bon. It was like, bogus. I don't know. Okay. No. How was it? How was what? You didn't get there. How was what? Well, Colonadal was great. Colonadal was great. And the long was great. And Amsterdam was spectacular. Okay. And Neil. And then I came back here. As far as this country, where would you stick a pin on the map in the Samajanized piece of crap if you had to go there outside of Vegas? And stay there for a substantial amount of time? Anywhere worth it? No. Maybe Boston. Boston. Yeah. And as far as Maryland Mitchell's eye job, I think it was done by Mr. Fuji. Mr. Fuji, I think. Okay. Have a great time. I think the guy's at Benninghan at something to do with it. I want to go to the street from Channel 7, by the way. I think the guy's from Benninghan who are doing that new, a corny, old transplant thing. They might have something to do with it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah. That's stuff made me sicker and hell. I feel like I have no energy. I want to crawl into a corny because it's all carbo hybrid. So I had breading. And I don't want to see our fans to feel bad. I brought a set of good stuff because there was very nice of them. And it was very good. The onion rings were good. But everything he brought was breaded. Every single thing that was in there was breaded. Even the containers were breaded. That's what I ordered. I just said, stick a bunch of crap in the fire and bring it. Yeah. It was all fried. I'm frying over here, man. John, I don't think I want to make it until 2 o'clock. I think I'm going to die right on the air for a die from the fried food. I am. Killer. How did you come up with that damn jalapeno pingafing anyway? Here's a mobile-in-for-later deal, huh? I don't know. Pretty good. What do you think of the illegal car for the satellite dishes? You think you're busted with that or what? Sir, I'm going to guarantee if you've wasted your money, you'll be so sorry because the maximum you will last might be a week or two. Maybe in the north of that area. And you'll be, huh? I got the regular. I've never had it for three years. And I pay every month up to the air. Yeah. But, you know, my brother gets it. He's got this little thing. He's paying 150 bucks for it. And he said he's getting everything free. I don't know. I don't want to change it from the... How long has he had that? He just got it. He just got it. We'll talk to him about a week and say, sucker. That's why I'm going to hold on to what I got. Hang on to it. And I did, like, Georgia show quite a bit, but I don't know if you're going to be there. I don't know if you're going to be there. I don't know if you're going to be there. No, no. Okay. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. 610 Wild. Why would we keep saying that over and over again? Is this 610 Wild? No. Well, they sure bought your dad placed. Didn't they? They killed him. They destroyed it. They massacred it. Nice going. People, I'll do it. Anybody here, I think about any of the stations he's on. People, they'll do it with his queer channel. With their 55,000 stations they own. Any of them, any good? No. No. Except for Zeta. And you know, you know, the person that saved Zeta by the way from Total Oblivion? You're looking at them right now. That's right. Oh, it's Johnny Grow. It's all. It's all. It's all right. I saved them from Total Oblivion. They would be playing Hungarian Muzerkas if I went to God on the morning there for that one year. And even the rest of the day, they were doing SWAT after 10 AM. And we kept that thing going just long enough for them to get castred over on the morning. So we could repeat all my good old material. And then they, you know, butcher G and they knocked that thing off here and put that planet on there, which of course, went over really big. Nice going, Rhona Wolf. Think whatever your name is this week. Nice going sweetheart and Pete Bulger. And of course, don't forget your close best personal friend, John Ford, a talent, monster, a creative genius. You know, John Ford, he's an asshole. And that's the best thing we can say about him. A weasel. You know, he's over there on Super Talk Radio, Radio. Oh, they just send me, man. Oh, well, let's get Walters Sabol seriously. Here's a group for you. Walters Sabol. And that the Harry penis guy, Harry Valentine. And John Ford and Pete Bulger. There you go. How does that strike, you know? Is that a quad actor or what? One of those kind of 10, again Walvers Sabol. I mentioned him that great consultant. I had one in my mouth, one. Yeah, but you did. That's what we hear. Consult this week, heart. I think that was just a story anyway. I've ever attended the stories about him. Oh. Great. And say cheese. Oh, right. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I've got the biggest hit ever. I've got the biggest hit ever. I've got the biggest hit ever. I've got the biggest hit ever. And then you all ready to stop. I've told you say bye babies. I can do anything I want to do. Under just doses for now. I've got to be just daunting you. I did this. I've got a wrap job. Yeah. I've got the power to go into the throne. I have a way to get your own show. I have a station down in Hollywood. And it don't care if you're waiting for a moment. But once you control people, I'm on the same boat as you do. And you'll do anything I want to do to you. I'm your consultant, Waldo. Take your legs to that entire new home. I'm gonna boar you. I'm gonna boar you. Oh yeah. I'm gonna jump swar. I can't get my real job. That's why I'm like in shopping because I'm just an ass. Oh, I'm not gonna boar you. Waldo's table. Baby, never made a radio he understood. Him and Harry Peanus Valentine. Wasn't Harry the one who said that he took Aaron Summers all the of the tools of the trade. I had one in my mouth once. 14 after one at 5. And it's 5.60. WQAM. Here's Davy. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. I heard you mentioning Tony Cigretto. Right. And I met the call you, uh, exactly. I met the call you a few weeks ago. I'm not really heavy to do he dolphin span, but I was a channel surfing. And I came across a dolphin award ceremony. Yeah. Like a community service award ceremony that they had in the signature grand. And Tony Cigretto was the MC. Well, I just happened to flip on when they were announcing Dan Moreno. And it was really awkward. Dan Moreno walked up. And usually Dan Cigretto shake a hand or maybe hug the person or whatever. Yeah. Well, it was really awkward. Tony Cigretto Montelips. He kissed him on the teeth. Yeah. And it was really awkward because Dan Moreno was, it looked like he was very surprised. He was like he wanted to hug him. But he snuck in a little kid. A little tongue. Yeah. Yeah. So I thought he was a major circle for that. Anyway. That's all I got. Okay. Thanks. Maybe that's why Jimmy likes having Tony doing that TV show all the time. He won't do with anybody with Tony in the show too. By the way, the word is from the sports department that Dave once that was really hard to be. The dolphin parole coach. Oh, this is not right. Let's hear it. 5. 5. 6. And here we are boys in girls ladies and gentlemen, all these months later and the sports holes on his station. Still don't have the Jimmy Johnson. Dave wants that. Wayne high-pinguistory right. All these months later. And he's still in get a ride. Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd need you were talking about the minorities and movies and things. All right. What is up with blah, blah, blah. And they got a, you know, a black gentleman playing Wilson. He didn't know gentlemen. That's will Smith. Well, I'm just saying with, you know, James West, it'd be like if they were doing the Martin Luther King history of his wife. Jack Nicholson. One other going to have is they're going to have Tom Cruise played young Martin Luther King. Yeah. And Robert Richard played the old Martin Luther King. And I want, why cast the black guy or someone has been white forever. Beecher, how lot of me? Yeah. Just amazing. And the good news is that movie was hot for about five minutes and one right in the old Trevor were belong. Well, they're still on the CD. You've got the young black kids off of it because Wilson has got his, uh, grew on or whatever. Yeah. And thank God that video by the well fell fell through the bottom of the chart about two weeks because it was eight freaking minutes long, man. Well, if I'm not well, then you have to get all this thing. Think of a way himself. Do you do? You know the whistles. You breathe with like, Tarzan. You breathe, start to do the straw. Taco Bell is giving away wild, wild West stuff. Taco Bell was. Maybe it's McDonald's. Probably McDonald's. Let me tell you that the straw that you suck through and you suck through the straw. It makes it hard then. Yeah. Yeah. I think when you suck hard enough, Tarzan starts screaming. Yeah. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T scored scored. Wireless line. That's what James said. Here's Miami. Hello. I don't know. Yes, sir. This is old Jason. Uh-huh. Yeah. This is old. Yeah. This is old. Yeah. And this is a 2670560 as in chronic. Holy, man. Get a life, get a hobby, get an occupation. Get a parakeet or a cocket to a man. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Not a mobile. Here's a not a mobile in Miami. Listen, I wanted to thank you one more time. I don't mind that. That's killing me. I think I make it as far. Yes. I shouldn't mention food. I want to animal coast. about Emerald Coast when you're walk out of there even if you pick out you don't feel sick like I do right Yeah, I think but George might be trying to bump you off to he did pretty good Yeah, he could wait a year a couple of suckles yesterday. Oh, we want George back on here Heard that now he's trying to feed me these holophing up a pickled pepper whatever these things are that's right I got a movie for you. Yeah, kind of a silly comedy, but the first five minutes are worth watching Okay, it's called baseball and if you saw tonight the night about 1120 It's on every week on every one one two week on HBO or one of those Pay channels. Yeah, but in the first five minutes talked about how sports went downhill It's like a little bit in the future and it's talked about they were drafting convicts out of out of Prison for football and everything it's it just feels like a futuristic look at sports the way they were going It was exposed. It's pretty funny. I guess it often should write in them Every day don't enjoy it later. Okay 560 50560 palm five 60 on the AT&T while we're slimy got 41 minutes to kill no real nipping tech Whether we're gonna make it tiller, but then again we always got our buddy. Yeah, George. Come on baby Late right after you're just have a look at Okay, so put it away Go I The girls are out there buying this the little girls they're buying that crap that then what is wrong with your daughters out there you people I can understand Brittany's spirit. Okay, maybe your daughters want to play in the WNBA someday And by the way Hank you can say bull-like all you want what's wrong with saying bull-like huh if you're gonna talk about Professional women sports. Well, how about can you talk about that without saying the d-word? The heck was kind of beaten around a bush on yesterday Dike that's the word you can say it. I heard that a lot of the Holland uh when I was over there a lot of dikes See I used to think that we're talking about something had to do with water when they said there were a lot of dikes in Holland And then when I heard that I and Bishop had been over there once They're kind of trying to plug up the old Gap Here's Boka hello Yeah, no About Jordan and the right the crap that he kids listed to our member in the 60s at least we had good looking kids who had pretty good music The lemon piper's the monkeys, but wait the crap that kids listen to the lemon the Piper's was good music Green tambourines, but you know something green tambourines compared to Jordan night green tambourines was great And the strawberry along clock right if there's a typical bubble gum music right garbage Yeah, we let me ask you to wait to get this this so what's your name from the SLA Toledo We want her sympathy because she has she went on a limb and that's right her ass right now I don't give a crap what you did the meantime That's right her ass is a murdering bitch Oh, you thank you for agreeing with me. I say take her and put her in patty first lap and put a bolt in the gun In here There you go and have a great day and put that what's his name in there too That basketball tear would have right here. What's his name? I mean geez. I have a mental block that idiot You are gonna know who the hell it was he's the commentator now with her with her orange hair Who is real tight with patty her st oh what the hell was his name? Well, I can't believe that I really am slipping the Donna slip of the And you know what affects your mind when you eat fried foods my mind has been as clear as sharp as a god damn Muscle ball and then I eat all this fried food today Which was delicious make no mistake about it, but it's killing me, man The Walton bill Walton. Thank you so much God bless you whoever call I know he ain't kidding your own wall. I used to play out field for the cubs Used to smoke a lot of bad weed that the wall and that was his problem. I mean what a piece of crap He wore I don't mind anybody smoking a lot of weed but he was just a piece of crap Can't stand him. I'd rather listen to Jordan night For a hundred years than here or Bill Walton never see him again He doesn't need a creeps give me the he beat jeepies when I see him Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. How you doing Neil pretty good? I listen the reason I'm well first time caller the DSS cards I've had one for over a year Frank's college George Yeah, and it's everything they've ever thrown out of it's been fun You just gotta find one that's worthwhile because I mean I have had mine for a year But you're on a year here advocating illegal You know stuff Well, you know where do you get they make it so expensive? It doesn't matter there's always as long as the amount of people feeling it or a lot less You amount of people paying for it. They don't care right and George I can't believe that anyone George rule. Okay. All right. Yeah See on the inside 560 5050 5050 on the 18 T. It's one of your people are criminal deal on the signals there. I don't mind paying for the signals there As long as I can get it, but when they come along and say you can't get your CVS affiliate and your fox affiliate And you have to be forced to watch channel 4 and 7 when I start getting pissed off Especially when I keep taking up the whole goddamn afternoon with a bunch of guy den grease balls swimming around in a Caribbean I don't want to see that I want to see the guiding like god damn it I want to see Zack on whatever the hell another show is as the was the worm turns Before he gets real old and ugly Here's North Miami. Hello Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to give you a legal seafood update. I think there's a couple in the boss an area one in Brookline at the chest that he'll walk yeah, but the one downtown and now he's a cobbly Plaza in what in the bowels of the company Private no No, no another one in one of the downtown hotels on Tramont Street Oh, okay, well, then there's another one that yeah, but nonetheless I'm heading up to the end of August Yeah, but that doesn't do with any good here because the one here in the saw grace the cock called earlier and said it was mediocre red best No because it's bright and there's no on beyond it's not like up north and any of the nice line Don't care about the ambiance all I care about is the food and he said it was mediocre You know, but it's very bright and it's like a corkings where you said right next to one another and you can steal the other guy's sour crowd Oh, yeah, for me. No, I like the rascal house exactly which is now closed up the one in charred and street as close They're all closing Because people are eating healthier now So That's what they claimed But nonetheless that that's the one that I remember in downtown Boston was at the couple here Plaza Okay, okay, well thanks for sharing that with me. I'll see you closing the oh It's time to go on to eat for you, but I got okay. I'll see you at Quincy Market. I'll see you as fan you will home I know someone like you do have sandwich or tools It must that spinach pick the skin is check. I know You feel too sweet that everyone's feet. We got full layer of flow Kate months that kitty chick. We wanted to watch the deal To close the draft when you're in rehab you're worse than how he mixed me What 30 at five 60 W Q a m let's zip right along get into a 300 calls here in the last half our so far Ricky Martin's of winning the thing with yours having the best dance the big oh it was the biggest dance Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello Mobile in Palm Beach Hello, yes, sir My own yes sounds just like you. Oh, okay Listen, I just tuned into you. I've been down here about a year and I'm glad to find you But some time to listen to all that crap on the you know Counting stocks selling long-term care insurance. Yeah. What about your crap? Yeah, oh God But I'm I'm really glad to find you and you got a new listener. I'm right. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal This is part of the problem when you have a bunch of people you work for who don't promote this guy could have been listening last year and a half He's desperate he's looking for an alternative that boring soil. Okay. He wants a matter 10 And he wants him amusement he wants a little bit of abuse he wants something And this guy damn radio station. They don't promote anybody or anything and all the money that they're gonna spend to file is stupid As lawsuit which I guess they ever did again a non-existent radio station at 2400 on the A and dial which nobody can pick up And put that ugly crap away please I can't stand it. I don't want to see pictures of naked ugly guys, okay I don't want to see pictures of ugly guys even with clothes on George stop selling us that crappy idiots But anyway getting back to this stupid lawsuit their father gets w a fn this and then again because Greg read his old paranoid because he knows He knows nothing So just see ordinarily you'll welcome a little bit of competition you'll welcome it because it gets you on your toes It makes you better But when you're terrified and scared crapless because you don't know you're asked from somebody else's elbow then you're peeing in your pants like Greg read But my point is they could take the money. They're gonna waste with our stupid jewel lawyers and instead of giving the money to them Which I'm sure they don't need it they could be given that money out to promote the people on this radio station Like Neil Rogers I think what's his name? I don't even know his name anymore because of the fact there's no promotion How we say hanks coming up next do I know his last name anymore? No because they forgot already because they don't promote it In the morning we got beefo we got beefo and guilty in the little talk Is that a bunch of names? No, how about putting some names to those fat faces? Especially that one fat push you know I'm talking about beefo. How you doing Betty? But no there's no promotion for any of us so guys like this guy up there and Palm Beach he could have been listed all along But nobody knows the night and Neil Rogers shows on his station nobody knows this station exists except the stupid jocks nifers out there We're calling in about some goddamn drug addict linebacker from the Minnesota Vikings that nobody gives a flying crap about That's this radio station for you man Just like when you get to the airport. There's that big sign you know what it says terminal Here's a mobile in the keys hello Hey Neil how you doing buddy pretty good sir I may have missed some of the conversation that's a little change of subject But I know you're a big fan of like the godfather and that kind of movie. Yeah, if you watch the HBO series the soprano snow. Oh, I got it on tape. Volca Brian gave it to me about the three months ago Hamlet do yet. Okay. Oh, it's getting just boring enough right now in the dog days of the summer I think it's a good time to crack it out Probably is but I think you've been a godfather fan and good fellows and all that kind of stuff You will I think you'll enjoy it just just one of them. Oh, be interesting to hear your comments after you do watch it Okay, I got him I got the whole series. Okay, pal. Thanks. Keep up the good work keep Donald like it is all right. Thank you 567.05. 60 Yeah, 560 on the AT&T wireless line There's a mobile in four-laterdale hello Hey Neil. I was wondering doesn't that waiver for the network supply to us because of the The crappy signal we have on channel four and six town here no Didn't even try to do that no Because I'm still getting my networks and I just assume that they knew it was a bad area So they left it on for what he needs to ban area I get four and six perfect dummy. I mean like I say I can barely get him now that you mentioned it on your television antenna Girl to get him at all exactly telling that the signal just blows and that they'll give you the network to All right, I'm calling him soon. I get home Yeah, you got a lie see they force people to lie they force people to steal a programming because they don't want to give you a fair break What kind of logic is there that if I want to watch CBS I have to watch channel four in this crap they got on here What about if I want to watch channel four there on the satellite WSEE they got up there whatever the hell that is I don't know where it is does make any difference Used to be WRN and Rolex wherever the I shouldn't be able to watch anything I want It's freaking America, but no the government comes in and says oh no, I'm here right you have the the network rights in that certain area And if they can pick up your channel they have to be forced that would be like sand if you got a radio and you live within 50 miles of Miami You got to listen to QAM and you know what we say about that FNA baby Don't be listening to those distant signals because they're all probably going Some other language anyway no speaking in place Five, but I'm telling that stuff made me so ill. I cannot begin to tell you I couldn't put into words I feel just like the person I won't say is name on here that had the minor stroke I do I feel like a death world over I'm fasting by the way from now until 230 What was that you hear that I think we're gonna meet our maker 567 Hope that 60 and 556 the 20 if you people only know you know so many people have said to make including Bob Green used to say you know my good close personal friend Bob Green They used to take to the swingers club all the time He always used to say you ought to write a book, you know, and he's right I should write a freaking book even people around the country that never heard of me they they would just they would they would blow their mind The stuff that I could pass on You can't even begin to imagine Just like that that amazing meeting with Ray Perry this morning which by the way I was supposed to have a brand new piece of copy for I don't want to say what I can't before the end of the show today in fact a couple hours after he came in Which he did come right back up nice going Ray did it work? No, no same old piece of crap And that's because that John penis and wait till I get a hold of John penis about that recorded spot Which I don't want to mention which one that one that he stuck here in his show Which I have no control over but I'm embarrassed is hella about Maybe try to twist my arm to give me a try to pierce my arm to give me to do that thing life and I said oh no way cuz I'm not in the fessant And so instead of that they stick a recorded spot just like he's got in gun show spot We're talking crazy people we're talking brave robbers We're talking people we don't give a crap how reputable it is just give them the goddamn money That's the beastly like you said this morning They made their money in poor futures or pork bellies or something like that or jelly bellies Did they make any money in radio? I wouldn't know a goddamn radio if you stuck it in there. That's the beeslies for you bunch of cheap crazy old bastard there at her $200 births brother suits. What how are they kidding? Man the day the day that Bruce breezy was standing there in the door of member and there are several people in the hallway We're throwing quarters they confuse them for a homeless guy Okay, and a sign will work for food piece of crap 567.0560 5 he is he's the piece of that is what he is got about as much class as is a barnyard rat 23 before two with 561 I can't know what's up about it. That fried food is what did it fried food pull me over the edge Okay, don't hold me to anything I said this last few minutes. It's the fried food. You believe it huh? No, I mean it all Spurs of where comes to that John penis and that's sales department good god all mighty man You talk about a repugnant penis My ain't it I kid the all black cut little fingers Little sound becomes right out you think Want a copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about My brain's all gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which by the way I'm gonna fart on it doctor. Dre. Yes, you old man. You passed good. Hey. I'm not what I feel as in you look Well, the age 12 and seem like a always male a fucking gas and two was pretty swear I got this off when I took my jeans off and thought it's so hard It's your my little backwards like Chris Crosse and every night. I'm like all in her bad They caught up my ass passes a fat bitch who ain't you fat smell this honey World my My Amin My I can see to want to meet kick out back in jr. Hi Problem was something problem my ass and die I shot him in the face with my neighbor the worst happened later when I covered his desk with use toilet paper Walking his trick club my test was filled up one of the ball tannies took a dump of a ticker With over to a dead I had a fucking a ghost she lifted a lady and I do her father I Love them Ma authenticity You know you was dirt when the riverbell's leave That Maynith Maynith Maynith 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5, 5, 50, come almost like guys who are going to need a little politics, you know what I mean? I was really good news about his story in on vacation. But, mommy apologized for the same way where he was sucked into having an interview in here, which we don't do interviews, we don't have guests on his show. And he was sucked in, if I could use that expression of getting the naked boy singing people on, who are performing their naked singing, whatever, what do you call it? A play, a thing? A play-off. They're performing their play thing at the drama center in the dear field. And Brian and sales and Linda Dorel, which I always used to like Linda Dorel back when we worked with her even after that. Oh, that was good. That was great. God, it now feels, oh, it's not from his show is almost over, now I got all that. It's all a jazz from the onion rings man. God, now I feel good enough to do a show and we're almost done. But anyway, George wanted to apologize because we don't do guests on the show when I told Brian that yesterday at the end of our show and he wanted to hear what the double of kind of space. He says, oh, you heard, oh, Ted David. I said, Ted David wasn't a guest. He's a fan of mine. He calls in. He's on CNBC. He's a financial wizard. We love everybody on there. He listens to the show. He's not a guest. God. Because George is embarrassed and humiliated for getting sucked into a puttin' guest on for some pondressing like that. Now what did Linda Dorel have to do with this? She's the agency. Well, like I said, it was like for God. I did it for her. Why? She don't work here anymore. Oh, you guys do with us. She may be an offer I couldn't receive. She let the, as soon as I started here, she let. She hold ass and that out of here. The week that I started, she left. She left. She looked nice to me. She's too old for you. Yes? Yes. Oh. How can we have a whisper for it? She's... I didn't do all the free. I forgot the door, my son. Yeah, right. Here's for a waterdale, huh? No, I'm here. Yes, sir. I just want to tell you that. Me and my brother, we listen to you show everyday. And you crack us up and you're doing a great job. All right. By the way, are you planning a writing a book? Yes. You are? Yep. When will it be out? I'm going to be called my enus. Is it really? Yeah. Oh, man. And my brother went to the bus to Man. So I'll get a discount. All right. And by the way, don't forget to watch Tom Green tonight. I'll be watching. That's all right. And ending note, me and my brother, who were young, we're hung, and we're twins. All right. That says it all. Okay. Go do it. Those identical twins, maybe they're doing it. They're doing it in the morning. They're doing it in the midday and they're doing it in the Alamaniana. Whatever the whole that means. I know what it means. 567. 056. 056. On the AT&T wireless line. Identical twins. That's what I'm writing the book about. I'm doing a study about identical twins and their sex habits. We'll be each other. I'm starting with those two from that calendar. I got back on the wall there. The singing boys that were injured by the way. They liked all the day core that you put up on the wall. Especially that calendar. Yeah. But they did. I got to knew him by the way at home, which is why I can afford to leave this one here. They were asking me if I was responsible for all the, um, No. It's the Steven underhill calendar for all my fake, a fake, a lot of friends out there. The identical twins whose names are bruised and I forget the other one, but how can you forget bruised? But I'll tell you one thing, boy. When you dying go to have a narrow be there. These, uh, these two will be there waiting for you in their BBDs. Or is it, they have their Kelvin clients. God. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. New home, are you going to? Great. Never been better. So now that I got that grip set on my system. So many things happen when you're on hold. It's tough to get to one subject to start with. I know. First thing, I wonder if everyone in the car fights along with that song as a time. Can't help but do exactly. I would like to get somebody to record mine as people might be able to get something going with a different mix. Uh, one question. You like to be in heart. Yeah, they're okay. What do you think of in comparison 70's groups, 80's groups? Where do they fit in top 20? No. Nope. And a middle somewhere. Top 40. Top 40. Top 40. That's right. Like between 20 and 40. And what do you mean? Okay. All right. Thanks. Okay. I mean, there's no. What? What do you want to do? Hey. Are you going to start again? Or you are brutal. You are. My finder. I'll tell you something right now. I have yet to encounter anybody who doesn't like that record. I like putting you, including me. Who hates the vast majority of boys, but likes that song. I wonder who's other. He's dying. Yeah. I'm going to see you. See you. Young guy from sweet. When I say. Like this stuff. I want it that way. You're a shadowy. I do work a part. Can't be too far. I mean, I'm going to show you what's the name. I have. That's the other one of the new kids in a blog Joey. It's your night is one of them who makes me puke. And then Joey, who's even ugly, or and they're can sing worse than Jordan night. I'd rather listen to Larry Knight. Anybody remember Larry Knight? No. No. Of course not. Used to work for GBS doing news. Used to work with me in Kalamazoo 100 years ago. I'll never happen to Larry Knight. Larry, whatever's real name was. Never has real Jewish name was.