Sports Radio 560 WQAM by M4 Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil called 560-560 toll-free-prepared and barred. Or tell 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil his guest's callers are. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the PC broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL Neil, y'all. Good bye, Chris, for all. How did I go home? Don't say, sir, no, hit you when you're not your way out as your career takes a big dump now. You call the games like Shakespeare's loud with no description. A shot is assumed the answer has been transferred as of now has really not been by the staff. And this fight how you blow, you won't get no more substance, raw little dog and a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of achest, but if you all listen, may I know? I'll imagine if this wound is out of here here in the future. If this will happen, or if you can't hear the sounds, I'll talk to you carefully about a little little bit more music in our car than we did now. I've been alive, that's all very nice, but we don't really have. When you get home, go make like a throat jogging piece, you're lying. In the terrace of the bus, you know, take it, you're dead. And be a walk-over of the bliss, you're lost. Maybe it's an ethnic thing, we just don't understand it. 10 or 3 and 5, 60, WQAM. Hey, call again man. Run our last bottle of water, call again man. We need some water, okay? Just, are you going to do a say that? Hey, call again man. I wish we had that, by the way. I bet you somebody somewhere has got that little old jingle. Hey, call again man. Remember that? No, you don't, because it was 100 years ago. Anyway, we have every time I think we've seen the rock bottom in this town in our newspapers, I get up to next morning and much to my amazement. We scrape an even lower barnacle off the bottom of the afoo chain. Greg Co. text, I want to take it this right now, okay? You are pus on two legs. You're not even an experiment on two legs. You are pus. Whatever comes from a festering oozing sore, the pus tools that are, whatever that whatever the word is, the mong that's in there. That's you on two legs. This man has got a column in this morning's paper and it fits right in with this radio station, by the way. With all these ass suckers who never met a felon that they didn't like. And by the way, we're changing the name. It's going to be the National Fellin League, the NFL. I be C-U-I urge you to go on and buy that book, pros and cons, by the way. If you haven't read it yet. And what did I say? That was months ago, right? Many, many months ago. But I was raven about that book and I'm great at what's which it is. And you know, as time goes on and more and more this crap goes down day after day after day. The last I said back then, the other shows on this station, it's supposed to be a sports station. There are the ones that should have been talking about the book and interviewing the author. But it was left to me because I'm the anti sports on the one got it as no vested interest in it. See all these sports holes like red co-text and the count on this radio station. They've got a vested interest in continuing to make sure that you think that these are very important things. And if they're on a level which they really never will be. But we've got to make sure that all those sports nerds keep looking upon all this crap, this swill, these subhuman scumbags. Like, oh, this is great. Look out back. He's running a, you know, whatever he's running from the law probably. So Greg Coattex, here's a big picture of Cecil Adisal Collins, and there's Tony Martin and Dero Strabbery and Khalid El Amine, whoever the hell that is. And we know that is, and Mar Valbert as if he's some hub belongs in there. They had to put one white guy in here to make it, you know, even enough. And Mike Tyson. Anybody look at Mar Valbert like those other, no, no, and the same category as I think. No, no. He likes to dress up and, you know, he's a little bit of a backbiter. But nevertheless, the, the thrust, the essence of this puke in dozing. I'm going to tell you before to a clock today, I have a feeling in fact, you know, I've even got like stains on my shirt. Oh, I had was like a sling in this morning. It's puke that's dribbling out already having read the Greg Coattex column. I'm going to be puking up meals that I ate six years ago that haven't quite made it through the intestinal track yet. The more I talk about this thing, bad behavior says the, headling, headling of the article. No, get excited now. Okay, condom. Can the condom? Okay, please. The morality bar in sports has been lowered to accommodate those with talent, but to the standards for athletes be higher than for the rest of us as Greg Coattex with a straight face like we're supposed to believe this column. In my lifetime, I've never read such unadulbed rated crap manure. And the fact that the hero would even put this piece of turd in the newspaper tells us where they're coming from. Same people on the editorial board and I know they're going to say, well, we don't interfere with our sports writers, right? We don't interfere with our columnist, right? Let's see when you're calm is right about how desperately we need casinos down here, and how fast that gets in your newspaper. You've phony bastards. The fact that they put this in there shows what hypocrites they really are. The same people that are screaming casinos are immoral and they're bad, and it's gambling is that we don't already have gambling. Every time this topic comes up, these are the same people that put a column like this in here. And basically the essence of it is that great co-tex says, you know, why should we hold the athletes up to these higher standards than all the rest of us? Well, I have to wonder this, Greg, if you would have broken into two women's apartments or whatever condominiums and molested them, would you be writing for the Miami hero today? No. Would any newspaper or self-respective if you would have walked in, if you had a police record, we're talking to Feliz. I'm not talking about the marijuana, nobody cares about that. As long as you're armed, is there any self-respecting newspaper in America that would hire under staff Greg? No. But you know, kids will be kids and boys, they'll be boys and yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. He says, give me a choice and I'll take a running back with smoke, dope over an alcoholic commercial pilot or a teacher who downloads porn. Now, if you would have said a teacher who downloads Kitty porn, then we'd all say, Yeah, exactly. Perfect. But a teacher who downloads pornography? Do you think you think there are sports columnists who download pornography? Yeah, no, no, no, no. If you're in Greg's context, might have ever downloaded the come across on the internet and he knew that he had a... No, no way. What is that? Then he goes on, I mean, there's stuff in here, I hope that no kids, make sure your kids don't see the hero this morning, okay? Please. He says, you think Jimmy Johnson really cares if Tony Martin or Laundered Drug Money for a friend? He doesn't care about innocence, only availability. Lawrence Phillips, Royce, for 162 yards in his NFL, the Europe debut of the National Fell and League. You don't think that made his rap sheet a shade less relevant to NFL coaches? Do you, he says, nobody is more forgiving than a coach desperate to win except fans. He says, this jackass on two legs, this piece of pus on two legs, Greg Kotux. And it's interesting, even the Humper who's up there in Louisville today for the Kentucky Derby drug, yes? Even him yesterday, all he and Jimmy talked about, see some great light and see some less. Pretty soon we'll have luck. We already got a see some of the diesel, you know, we got a nickname for him. And if he actually makes the team and he starts, you know, has a big game in the first game like Greg Kotux says, he'll be a hero for five minutes. Celebrating scumbags, that's what it's all about celebrating and admiring paying a hard earned big bucks to go support scumbags. That's what professional sports is becoming and Greg Kotux celebrated here in his column this morning. Celebrated excuses, it rationalizes it, explains it and even tries to pull it away by saying, well, why should we hold them to higher standards? And what have I told you before? And I really believe this is sure as I'm sitting my fat ass in the chair today, if O.J. Simpson woke up this morning and suddenly his arthritic knees healed up. I mean, he's a little along in the tooth. He's a little old, but if O.J. Simpson could run for 2,000 yards for your football team, the dolphins or whatever team you support this coming season this fall. How many of these so-called fans would say, oh no, he's a murderer. Would they say that? No, no. It's a Google O.J. You go O.J. They'd be out there cheering us on Lee-Anse. Am I right? You bet you're sweet at Samurai. And that's why I say that the whole business. It's good. Anybody want my dolphin tickets? Greg Kotux, you really are seriously. I mean, I thought Barry Jackass had it had it hands down, biggest asshole on that newspaper, not even close. Not even the same category. At least he's got an excuse. That's too difficult. That night, when he turned off all the lights, he'd go play play, he could have had all the holes. O.J. was gonna get her. O.J. would have two kills. O.J. would have two kills. O.J. would have two kills. What? O.J. would have two kills. That's it. One day, the story's gonna set three old days. We're all we know we've done ahead, you're with me. There we are. Yes. Don't you've got to get up. It's true. O.J. would have come after you. And that'll get away with that water. O.J. would have got to get up. O.J. would have got to get you. O.J. Oh my god, O.J. wouldn't we get you. O.J. would have got you. O.J. would have gotcha. O.J.! O.J. Okay, you killed a cop, you killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop I killed a cop Oh, look at who's the bar I had to count me jail O.C. was there he'd began to whale So guy in the middle was there because he drank too much The type of one is looking for a truck to touch a load stop Loose it all the jailhouse shots All right Everybody was grab a there stop Getting ready for the jailhouse shots This is it back once it looked so well Saying that as very goes a little and hell Cost in the corner with his burrito He says his talk about his way to go to the shot Loose it all the jailhouse shots Everybody was grab a there stop File on a jailhouse shot Hey, he was a jailhouse shot Watch him and fucks up run Loose it all the time Everyone check a there one Everybody has had hard nights A two to go jailhouse shot positions I'm not going to get off the Alhazone This is art of my life, of me high five. Like on every guy in the car with a boy. So, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it. It's my bottom run, down there, all the way up. Okay. Okay, let's go. Let's see if 5.50Q. And there's a little sample. We got the whole library of the crab. We got a library of it. So we have an upset grudder out there who thinks, Is this a racial thing? Is that what he thinks this is? Like I said, maybe we just don't understand. Maybe it's an ethnic thing. Maybe it's part of a culture that those of us white folks we just don't get it. We don't understand it. You know, beaten up your women, breaking into dormitory rooms and molesting women, stuff like that, being a professional scumbag all your life. Maybe we just don't understand what that's all about. And maybe like Greg Coatx says, we should just look the other way, you know, who gives a crap about these things? Then I should all fell in league, they never met a fellow, and they didn't like. And Greg Coatx points out in the last part of his thing here. He says, I think it's the responsibility of leagues and commissioners to legislate whom teams and coaches may hire. leagues should care that some of their players are felons, drunk drivers, wife, beaters and drug abusers. But if the NFL tells coaches it's okay to wrap these so columns, let's not be against when the one somebody does. There you go. That's good logic. Whether it's Jimmy Johnson, Dick Permeal, who's the biggest gangster coach of mall, huh? Which one never met against the heat and like or both of the above? And then Greg Coatx closes one of the most anxious columns in the history of journalism. And I use that word loosely by saying, every team has ample positive role models. Any community, any fan, should be able to accept it on a team as in life. There may be a war more to in the Peck of Apples. Isn't that cute? A warm or two in the Peck of Apples? See, it's one thing that there's somebody at a Peck of Apples who turns out to be a warmer two after you're already got him after he's there. But when you already know that somebody like a Lawrence Phillips or a Cecil Collins or whoever it might be is a warm and a Peck of Apple. This is a Peckerhead. And then you go out and you make it effort to bring him in. It's say, wow, we give him a chance. Maybe he'll catch on. Maybe we can somehow squeeze by here. And he won't do so ever in growth testing until after he goes someplace else. Isn't that what they're really saying? Uh-huh. You bet your sweet acid is. And you people don't care. I mean, the majority of these assholes, especially the sports nerds, they don't care about this. They don't give a crap. And like I said, why not why not have, you know, try outs on every in every prison in America? Why don't we just have, you know, let prison walk ons. You know, if they're guys who can run fast and throw the ball hard or hit the ball, whatever it is that they can do. Why not let them walk on? Give it a shot. Try outs. Try outs from death role. Hey, here's the way the governor will commute your sentence. But I'll tell you one thing, the marlins are really fall on top times the three and 10. They can't win a fist game. If you can come in or throw the ball hard or maybe hit the ball out of the infield, they might just sign your answer up. In which case, we'll pull some strings because we know the right people. We'll commute your goddamn sentence. How do you like that? Yeah. Scumbags. It's like I talk about that. The big that of chicken soup. You know, you put it in the refrigerator and you let it sit there overnight. And in the morning, here's all that crap that fat the scumb has risen to the top. And that's America for the scumb rises to the top. Any questions? Oh, God, Neil. There, what's the matter? Oh, Judy, I just found out. Michael has hard on. Oh, no. I just don't know what to do. Well, when Shirley's boyfriend had one, he went to the hard on treatment center of America. Hard on treatment center? Yeah, it's a place where they teach men how to wake up small and uninterested. He's think they could help Michael? It was very kind and caring when Shirley had his owner. He doesn't even watch the U.S. They can't let night anymore. The hard on treatment center of America, helping so many Americans to their hardship, brought on by big booze and so many aerospace materials. Please call it today. Don't get excited. You're not alone. The hard on treatment center of America, cold water standing by. 31 to 560 WCM the hammer, the hopper, the rubber stamp. That's what we got on the station by the way. Just a bunch of rubber stamps. Have you noticed that? I mean, there's nobody here that really stands out of it. Just a matter of what the coaches do, no matter what the jocks do. Just rubber stamp, rubber stamp, whether it's BM or TM or JJ whoever it is. Hank will be on from Louisville because I guess they must have the draw for the journey. Is anybody know what the date of the Kentucky Derby, which Saturday it's going to be? Because we don't know. And then we got, what do we got? Where's that schedule? That seems to be falling down here. Jim Mandage, 6 to 9. 3 tonight. Yeah. And then we got the Marlins in the Giants. So, how to get it? Is there any interest? No. What's so ever? The 3 and 10 Marlins? Great coat, that's spot. Why did it? You know, I read and I keep rereading this thing. And I was fascinated because he started out of this column this morning like he was condemning. You know, the fact that Jimmy Johnson signs, he's so column and that the fans are indifferent to this. He says the drafting of colleges not agitated the outrage it might have. I think we're too used to with now too numb. And then he goes on basically as the column goes on and does a complete turn around. It's like, you know, after all, who the hell are we to? You know, he says a crowd celebrating New Cons basketball title or a word approval for Colid L. I mean, oh, that's who that is. The same way he was arrested on marijuana charges. Well, who cares about they were going to prove because they don't care about that. How can you compare being arrested for marijuana charges with being a felon? Huh? With molesting women, with raping women, with murdering people like OJ with all of these things. Huh? May 1st for the Derby by the way, please stop calling. Oh, please stop calling Derby's name first. Thank you. So that means, oh. So I guess we won't be talking to Dave Johnson this year. Well, we'll talk to me for the pre-ness. Here's Hi, Leah Garden. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Hi, I was just uh, what I talked about Greg Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. I was just curious, you know, maybe I missed something. But why is that you want to hit the crit? Maybe a homophobic or not a hit the crit? Yeah. You know, I mean, uh, he takes Matthew who's done a lot of mental work. I'd get over a hypocrite like right to white. I'm not right here. He uses his fame and imprimant to imprimant to her of his ministry to wage a campaign against homosexuals. Well, it's a hypocrite because he claims to be a religious guy, but on the other hand, he's a known as Bethesburg hatred and bigotry. I think that's what he means. Yeah, everybody, but if you read the Bible, it does could definitely fix well. You know, that I agree with it, right to white. Yeah, I was just, would have said, let me ask you this question. Since you've been on since the very beginning, I see you've waited like 22 minutes to get on here today. Out of this entire article, that's the one thing that strikes you. There's nothing else that's in here that they really is the subject matter, not homosexuality. It seems to me that there were a whole bunch of you people out there because of the fact that you've got this out of the closet bag on here who I've assessed with this topic, aren't you? No, no, no, no, no. Actually, uh, someone, uh, the one thing anybody brings that up out of this article. Well, actually, it was the second thing that struck me. The fourth thing that struck me was, uh, he held Martin McGuire up. I guess, and he's cleaned up as a reaction when from California told me he's brought this wife around a little bit. Somebody told you that. Did we read that anywhere? We're supposed to take like, we're supposed to take, oh, and you didn't even follow baseball, but I'm supposed to sit here doing a talk show taking third hand information that he slapped his wife around. Okay. Thank you, sir. Bad laugh, by the way. Even then, you know, he must have been related to rumors, same life. That same fake laugh that rumor does all the time. Sorry, rumor. That was a low shot. That was a cheap shot. I take it back. No, I know. 567560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Now, here's an entry. Here's the greatest facts I've ever received in my life. I never thought I could say that. On the same day that I received, I read the most anxious column. I have a red in my life in the Harold. I received the greatest facts of my life. You better listen carefully. You hear them bastard you. Life is short. For what is your life? Is it even a vapor that a pureth for a little time and then vanish at the way? James 414. That is sure. It is appointed on the men once to die, but after this the judgment, he was 927. Send the cause. Wherefore as by one man, send entered into the world and death by sin and so death passed upon all men for all that of sin, Romans 512. See, there's that loving God again. Somebody screwed up way back then. So we all got to pay for it now. And finally, last, but certainly not least, you better open your ears wide for this, okay? Especially that guy that just called only moments ago. Christ the cure for God so loved the world that he gave his only be gotten son that whosoever believe in that him should not perish, but have everlasting life, John, of course you've already seen this at the all the ball games. John 316. Every time we go to a ball game, not only do we have to have prayers before the national felon league, talk about hypocrisy, we have to have the invocation before they go out there in the all the films, the slap each other on the ass and throw the ball around. But we have to see the assholes in the end zone or behind no plate at the baseball games with their big sign, John 316. In tournament assholes, who can't go anywhere without trying to petal their superstition crap to the rest of us. I noticed at the end of the show yesterday I was very pleased about it too, by the way. I was ecstatic. I got emotional and sexual excitement from it. The one guy that started in about, oh, it's blast for me. Where you ought to be off the air. And then immediately right after that, he was upset because I had the audacity to give my opinion about religion when all the bull crap which it is obviously and it doesn't agree with his to show you it makes my point. How intolerant the religion is star. There's no room for anybody with a, with a different point of view. It's blast for me. And then immediately after him was a young punk who wouldn't know where to fight his penis with a compass in a road map who calls in, who also, you know, that guy was right. Why was he right because I didn't I said Wayne Gretzky didn't deserve 700 hours of airtime. So I also should be off here. Are you following this logic here folk? That's the American fucking way. That's right. And in fact, you know, I think that we have an ethnic segment here in Dave County who, you know, that that's their mentality. I think it's starting to permeate all over the community all over the state. In other words, they're the freedom of speech means you can say whatever you want as long as we like it. As soon as we don't like it or piss us off, then God damn it, we're going to get your ass off here. We're going to shut you up. So which we say, all right. Yes. What is it that gets these people so red like the one guy that called yesterday's it's all this Christianity to think sure got you all were worked up. No, it doesn't bother me. Not just Christianity. It's all of them. If I think about one religion and said, boy, this is this is astronaut that would make me like a bigot. Or like if I think a lot one ethnic group and I said, well, these people be well, you know, that would make me a bigot. Like I said before, I like nice people. I know that sounds silly. I like nice people. I don't care if they're white, if they're black, if they're yellow, if they're, I don't give a crap what they are. Nice people people are like civilized people who are like a little bit considerate. People who are dangerous, who are scumbags, who are beating up on people, who aren't murdering people. That's all. The DNA's crowd. Those are my people. They don't have to be brilliant. They don't have to be rocket scientists. But if they're nice people, those are my people. People who are a pile of turd, those are not my people. And of course, the more religious they are, the more intolerant they are. That's a given. That is a given. All these wonderful people tell you how wonderful they are and how honest and are or you're the center and we're all going to be burning and hell and who are all sitting in judgment of us. But how evil and terrible we are. And it just, seriously, it makes my rectum cliver with excitement. When I hear how agitated some of these answers get because they can't handle the truth. The truth is so obvious, the truth will set you free. The truth is that when all this bull crap, all these bubble-likeies start costing you money and when you put all your emotional involvement and a lot of lies that people tell you, it's a tremendous not only is it divisive, but it takes tremendous waste of energy and time. Amen. How come we don't have the Pope interceding over there and you was slavia by the way? Those are Muslims. Oh, I forgot about that. How about a fake convert? How about if we give each one a mcross? Or a CD? How about Pope CD? Now, see if they buy one? There you go. Okay. Excellent. We'll make them an offer they can't refuse. I know that the board even loves Neorodger. If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD, your prayers have been answered. Now, through a special arrangement with a Vatican, he is holding this his back and he's singing better than ever. Oh wow, I'm the Pope sing. See the love we read through this myself. My name is Pope John Paul. Oh yes, it's Pope John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get there. He's turned around. There's starting to play that organ new is a choir boy. Play that organ music right play that organ new is a choir boy. Play that organ music to lies I which might be so good. The Pope sings, give you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner on the Pope's field. Oh, there are the Pope. Oh, the much better than the owner of the school and that he's the father and on this CD he's a boss. You should be playing things. You should all go big effort and get the church play. I think you'll want to. You're having a big effort, you'll lose your church so come on this play, bingo. The Pope sings is available now at a special introductory price. Get it and sing yourself. Five dollars. Furnry. That's five. Yeah, it's not helping. 1046 and 560 W to QAM 567 0560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hey Neil, how's it going? Okay sir. Yeah, I was talking more of my friend yesterday and this is sort of about grassy but you would say why do you think to try and away that three or three year waiting period for the whole thing and you think that something's going to happen when we like cancer or a bit something like that. Something's going to happen with cancer or anything like rescue is going to end up having cancer and why they're trying to wait. That's not your friend to get some mental health. Okay, sir. Come to get some mental health. Oh my god. 567 0560 pound. See what I mean about the sports nerds. Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I think that's great cultics. They guys are put whacker. Yeah. Yeah, maybe I should be a folk. Maybe I get a contract. Maybe in the National Family. Well, go on and run code taxi and see what happens. You would have right tomorrow. 560 pound five 60 getting some real thoughtful stuff here today. Why this show should be taken off here immediately. It's not sooner. Come on. Come on here closets up. There I know you're listening. That's why I really have to laugh. I think that guy that called last week. I think was Friday about how well he doesn't believe the ratings on their show because there's all those guys lighten the loafers out there who you know put it down even when they're not listening. Right. We got more closet listeners, but it's not the closet you're thinking of pal who would never admit the million years that they listen to this show. And every time, well, what are you listening for all that was just I was just dialing around. Right. I know that I'm always just dialing around. I want to hear something that I don't like. Instead of like turning to something else, I pick up my phone. I listen for that phone number. I call and say, you've got to be out the air. I know I always do that. Don't you? I'm sure. That's your American effin' way. They're in the chance in 10 billion that those people are telling the truth. Of course those are usually the very good pious people much better people than I am obviously. Who would never tell a lie. I'll say we're alone or with somebody. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm the work by the protocol in a bookstore would be good. Or in the literature borders, any any of them. Okay. Am I gonna get him a quest? Yeah. Mine too. Oh my, mine don't smell too good either. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. That was beautiful. Yes, sir, you've got it, pal. You've got you and don't feel too bad about it. Don't take it personal. Okay. Don't take any crap off nobody. Oh, that was so good that it gave me actual hope for life. I think that I might actually get up out of bed tomorrow morning. That was a beautiful, sir God bless you. That was great. Here's Cutler Raid, tell him. They meal these religious people. Oh, they are a scared of life and scared of dying. Yeah. Oh, they're scared of life too. I know they're scared of dying, but they're also scared of life. Yeah, they're scared of life. They do their job to take the God of home and get another job. God of home and do this. They scared about that if God's going to help them out. What if it's supposed to put these? Yeah. Off a lot of pussy's out there. You know, pal? Absolutely. Everywhere you look. Pussy here, pussy there, pussy, pussy everywhere. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, animal, mobile, one line. Which of course makes you wonder how come there's all those guys that know the chat lines of the internet, you know? Because no matter where you look, here's a mobile in Jupiter, hello. Hey, after looking back at the panthers pathetic season. You're still looking back in. Well, I'm not going to do it again, but I think I'm 10 point at the time, low for the organization. The organization, yes sir. And then that skinned uptight organization. That was when Goldie got to do the play my play. Yeah. Sure did a lot better job than Christina Morrell, I'll tell you that, sir. And guess what? Your suck up a tent loses you wrong. I think you'll do a commendable job under impossible circumstances being called in up the last second. Being called in cold, here you go. You've got to do the game. A Christina's fell off the wing of the planer, something. I think he did a commendable job from every I heard little clips of it. I thought he did fine. I mean, you know, his voice does had to take me, but nevertheless, I mean, you know, see, I try to be fair. I'm not just one of those people who wants to gang up on somebody because I don't like them or for whatever reason. I don't dislike guilty. I just can't eat. I'd that voice just the great. Plus he kisses too much ass. But you know something I shouldn't sing hello him out. Like I said before, everybody on this on the sports segments of the radio station, everybody here. Maybe with the exception of, uh, man, it's all over. He's got his, he does it too every now and then. Although, both camper. Now, both camper, let's be fair. He's the one that gives you a bunch of crap. Nice go on, Kimba. He's the one guy with a real pair of balls. Okay. I guarantee a Kimbocamber. Don't shave his nuts. Like Samson, you know, he got the haircut. She cut the lilac cut the hair short and all of a sudden he was impotent. He couldn't even find any Viagra back then. And so same thing that happens with these guys that shaved their nuts, they become, you know, like Joe Costell, a good guy. But their voice starts getting higher and higher, you know, you keep shaving your nuts. You know, he asked me that one day. If he sounds like guilty. And I said, no, that was the day you were out sick and he was doing the show in there. I said, no, you know, it's not like guilty. You don't put yourself down like that. You got a better voice than that. But I noticed that day after day, so his voice keeps getting a little higher and if he keeps shaving his nuts, the satisfied that girlfriend of his, he's going to want to just like Samson. You know what I mean? Dad. Well, yeah, he will eventually wind up good too. That's beside the point. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty and the mobile one line. Of course, if you do accept Jesus, oh, yeah, you want everlasting life after you have to accept Jesus. Like that guy to call yesterday about heaven and about, uh, I kept asking you what, what are you going to be doing there? What are you going to find there? Oh, well, a piece, uh, a piece and, uh, yeah, how about piece in a box? Huh? It's like a port of party, a piece of it's the erogies new piece in a box. You know, scored scored. Oh, the box is made out of styrofoam. I don't leak. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I was originally to use the other day and I shaved down there and my wife loves it. Yeah. And I have a message to talk about impressionable and easy. Yeah. And my wife, uh, kind of message for Jesus. Collector, yeah, go ahead. Uh, all you gotta do is uh, get married and be responsible and life. But have a couple of kids. You'll be all right. Just like I did. I used to be a bad guy before. What did you gotta get married for? I mean, you've had a holy moly field. He's got 72 kids by 100% of their women. Well, uh, well, uh, he's doing very good. You could be a bad guy. Yeah, he got married and have a couple of kids and uh, now I'm okay. Okay. Thank you. Don't shave anymore. You'll be back on a street again. Pal, don't do it. How do you like that? He shaved his balls because Joe Costello said to okay. Everybody out there. All you guys out there shaved your nuts. The women love it. And I guarantee, uh, it'd be at least a 2000. Months are between now tomorrow morning. One and a half there to get their little, uh, pink lady. Bick. Five, six, seven, 0, 5, 60 and that to pillate to re-cream. Pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. See you, Rochester, New York. Okay. I'd go to tell you, me that that's where you're written with from. Yes, man. I want to tell you what you missed this winter. Uh-huh. 42 inches of snow in two and a half days. Yeah. Are you glad you're here now? No. I am. I'm not. I'm on big feet. I can't even love you. I'm out there and West Broward. I'm out there by the Everglades and I can't breathe anymore. The Everglades is on fire. I'm choking and gagging. It's better than being up there. No, I don't agree. No. No. You're right. What? What? What? Whether, huh? You like Rochester? No. I like Toronto, which is, uh, at least a great city. Rochester is okay. It's a Hick Town, you know that. Yeah, it's a, it's just a little, a Hick Town. When I lived there, it was 300,000 people. And I was still 300,000. And when I was in Canada, when New York, which is where I went to high school, there were 10,000 people. And there are still 10,000 people. I think the same 10,000, except me, you know. It's a nice town, Canada. Yeah, it's a nice town. It's 10,000 people. It's like a little spot. It's like a speck on the map. You know, then? But then you can avoid all those people, which you don't like. No, they're the only problem. It's most of the people who are there. You don't like. That's the problem. I just called to tell you that I'm enjoying the weather. And I'm enjoying your shield. Well, thank God for your sweet heart. Okay. I see you've done a Bob's. Bye bye. And Cobb's Hill. Okay. Okay. Bye bye. She says, cut the crap. All right, say goodbye. Okay, I'm sorry. Let's get the lilac shot in Rochester. Let's talk about the good things in Rochester. Don't have Bob's, vikin' or herbs, the lilac's, into the story. That's it. Anything else? Anything else good there? No. No. No. You know, everybody likes to reminisce about where they're from. Just like George with his obsession with Cuba, you know. He doesn't even remember Cuba. No. That's why reminisce about Montana. Well, hey, his army, what do you used to be, you know? 560, 50560, pound 560, and the mobile one line. You were in Montana? Oh, don't let the word get out of about that. All always San Francisco, see they can afford to have guys like Steve Young, you know? They don't care. It's not bad for their image. It's probably helps with tendons. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello, I'm going to meet you. Yes, there's a thing. I got the perfect place for you to listen. And Holland is a city called Erectam. Yeah. And I will improve the old Factor. I'll show you over the map on a half. Is the city in Holland called Erectam? Yes, sir. I'll have to speak in. Yeah. But you got to enter somewhere. Right there. What a language that is, huh? Anyway, what this may have on this board station or whatever they want to call it. They just don't know most of the time where they talk about it. They don't do the homework. They give you people. And they kiss too much. They're too many rubber staffs on his station. They all suck around. Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy. I'm sick and I have to get out of the bag. I'm going to have to fight you guys on here. I tell the like it is. The gangster coach. Exactly. I'm bullying you. How can you have these people in your office? It's a shame. Yeah. And there's eight million other guys out there. And this guy, you know, he's got to be the one guy. Sure, everybody else up. Well, my Texas criticism, but we don't care. We never met against the people. I like it. If this one gets off in May on his trial, and if this one gets out of jail, and if this one gets probation, we might be okay. The game is a team. Did you read that? Mollie said, fine. Well, if we wouldn't get him to who cares? Yeah, right. Well, kind of attitude is that about a sport. I'm going to respect for money, respect for a piece of pus like him anyway. Anyway, but I heard an interview the other day, today, we're interviewing soccer players Joe Rose, just how pretty he looks and all that stuff. I mean, if you want to do his job, go do your homework first and then come on the radio, please. Don't do it. Just go to the DJs sideways and hang your shaves, not so out there. Okay. Hey, new. Go to Amsterdam, and if you're the first sunny and queen stage, come up to 30 to April. Never been there. I still have a baby. Knock a bell. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T, World of Slides. Hindi has never been to Toronto, boy. They get to realize city and they got this. Remember that call? I gave him every landmark. I gave him every street corner. I gave him every restaurant. Every subway stop, which by the way, and I said, strike there, got up there now. And he still didn't get it. 567, come on. Here's your chance to save us today to save us from a certain horrendous fate. All you religious nuts out there. We know you're there. Don't just facts anonymously on a facts machine. Save us. Okay. Show us the real word, the true, the light and the way. So that we too can have eternal lasting peace. Go. My Aena. My Aena. My A miss. My Aena. My A a miss. To an A. My Aena. Um. My Aena. My Aena. No. I killed the old encircleant. I got little signature. Step tight to condition. That goes right up. Your finger keep Baby. Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about who will my brains all gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on and Dr. Dre has you old man you passed him no what was it was when you look well say age 12 it seemed like I always smell that rip and gas isn't doing was pretty swell I got this off when I just my jeans off and part of so hard it's your my underwork backwards like you're in charge and every not I'm like oh get her mad then I'm in my ass fast as a fat bitch you ain't you fat smell this honey you'll wait a minute my girl I don't give up it's not that big the world up my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't ain't it my ain't this of my ass and I am a face with my seiner or open he's I'm not gonna get that out of the way. I thought I'd ever want to be a famous rapper. They corrected about their annoyance. They'd only crap her. You know you would dare when the women rush to leave. You'd rather hold your back, but you'd rush me to delete the guy or watch out for the status. It was pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. My A-n-s. Level 04 at 5.60QM. Next time you're to credit elevator. You're standing behind somebody online at the supermarket. And somebody... A-n-s. Cuts are real bad when your eyes start watering. Ask yourself, is there a God? And I guarantee you'll say, No, no way, Jose. Just think of the... This is a classic example for those people who insist on his Godbowl crab and won't let it go. Like little children who refuse to let go of Santa Claus. How old do you have to get to let go of Santa Claus, huh? And the tooth fairy and all those other theories. Just stop and think about human experiment, okay? About the elimination. And think was there a being with their a knowledgeable, brilliant, to wise being who invented this, of course not. No. Is it crazy? Next time you're sitting there just groaning and just twisting on a throne, praying, and hoping something might happen. Just stop and think about that. Constitation, diarrhea, hemorrhoids, that smells, all these things. There are the answers you're looking for. You don't have to read those stupid bookbitten by a bunch of barbarians thousand years ago. Just, you know, open up your eyes and your ears and your nostrils, especially. The answers are right there for you to step out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Yes, sir. All right, I had two things real quick. Yes. Number one, when I first started listening to you, I started listening to you because someone had said, how rude you were in everything else was like, I just mean I kind of got you. So I started listening to you and I realized that you're not as bad as people said. In fact, I think you're intelligent and you make smart comments. Yes, I do. Some people might take them the wrong way and for the second thing is, I myself and like, some I religious spiritual person. And I don't see anything wrong with anything that you say because that's your personal thing that you're doing. It's not affecting my spirituality. Hey, you and like I would say you can believe any of it. If it retails you want, it's fine with me. Exactly. And it's my choice to do what I want and why should anyone care what you do? Exactly. That's the point. If you do it all harm, you don't harm anybody else. Why do we have all these nosy people trying to tell you what to believe in how to live your life? And where to stick your finger and all this other group? Who the hell's businesses? We got a bunch of yentas out there. Exactly. It's running out to watch the fires burning in the Everglades. And they have no life. They have to watch if there knows that a bunch of crap. Yeah, let's get smoke inhalation and die. There you go. Let's see where God is then. Yeah. Are you pregnant women out there? Be sure and go and sit out there with your windows rolled down in the Everglades. And then watching the fires out there to make sure your babies can get whatever they're going to get. Yeah, take a big take a big inhale of that and see if you don't blow up something. Take a big whiff. Right. That's right. God bless you. Have a great life. There you go. There's a reasonable guy. He don't agree with me. I know he's not going to convert the world here. Sitting on some stupid dumb radio station in Miami. But I'm going to express my opinion. God, damn it. You don't understand? Oh, it's blasphemous. You want to be seen the intolerable assholes. And it's interesting to me. Interesting to me. All these years have been on the year in this time. Even the orthodox user, they try to get me off the air. No, no wrong finger. The Mormons, they try to give the show off. No, no. Christian. Oh, yeah. Catholic church. First and then of course we've got the Christian coalition. And we got that lunatic over there in Tampa and Yadiyada. And guess what? Here I still am stronger and better than ever. We got spots up the old records that we got. And of course they would never lie to anybody. So they put out these newsletters. Oh, 90 they said them to our sponsors being so stupid. They don't realize that we're going to get copies of letters from our good friends and sponsors. Over 90% of the people we've contacted cancel their advertising on the near Rogers show. Right. Like one, one, ever in all the years. One, one, one. In fact, I'll tell you what it was. Video of Professor, which I didn't even want to do their spot from some out of town agency. Got a little of a phone call, but if oh, we don't want to be associated with that. Great. Fine. That gets actual off of you. And that was the end of that. So these people would never lie would they? Yeah. You better hear sweet as they do. Like you can bake your lives, Jim Swaggered lies. Like all of these, the big, like I said, the bigger the the legitimacy are just like that anti-Semite And then go to Humble Fold. Are good friends up there in Fort Lauderdale? There. There. Yeah. Good. Yes. I was getting to it. Every Sunday morning, I got to turn you know, Channel 7, maybe they're trying to repent for the evil that they do all week long with it. Hi, I prevent letting hysterical lose they do during the week. Before they break it in the cash on Sunday morning or what? They got doctors in Kennedy on there with that big crowd of lunatics he's got. They got the crystal cathedral there with Reverend Schueloroth there in California with all those thousands and thousands of idiots in there. They're not asking you in there, but I'm not repeating all the crap. They were really pissed when Marvin King I got the, thank you for the answer. He was just about to sit for the next concert out there. They were ricking in the big box not paying any taxes on it till they got caught by the RIR and FNS. Yeah. They would never cheat the IRS would they? I shatter before I beat the crap at you. George, Judy, you know she's tough. Hey, if I want any more lip out of you Mr. I'll scrape it off my gable when I smack you in the mouth. You know she's home's fun. Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me you're fine. But now, Judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all new prime time special. Oh, just. But on Fox, the attorney general, the great city tech just is allowing Defro inmates to have their final appeal, and it's heard on TV before. Oh, God, Judy. You'll see a judge. Do what if like a discomfort like the deal with you? You must be crazy. If you think I'm gonna buy that loan of crap. As soon as you get dead by the electric chair you are sitting in now. And he lasts for it before I like Jeff on National TV. Can I get a cigarette at anything? Now, to be motion thrown in our fucking ass. I'll just go and spit on him. That's justice. Death Road Judge Judy's die. But I'm John Fox. It's 1114 at 560Q. I mean, who died the other day and I forgot to mention yesterday. Grandma from the Walons. What was her name, Ellen Corbin? Something like that. Grandma, she's dead. Oh, I won't see her no more. What's in that John boy? And what if you ever got rid of that bad mole? No. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. One thing about it when they stick you in that hole. It makes no difference if you got a bad mole. That's what I always said about this thing over my eyebrow. That you get so psychotic about. Doesn't bother me. It's going to start bleeding. Any second. Okay. Well, look, his bad is Greg Reid's uh... Black dome purple ass that we had to see yesterday. That was just uh... Ehh. That's the only word I can think of to describe it. Ehh. General manager bears his ass for us to see. Now, did you hear the story of how he got the cracked coxus? About something with a swimming pool and his kids in the pool and he tried to like, yeah, he's only up here. It's a long way. Uh huh? It involves a rat and a paint ball gun and the swimming pool. A rat? A rat. I didn't hear that part. I'll tell you up here. Okay. He put a rat in his rectum. Wow. I was starting to look a little like Richard Geer. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Jim Hercard. Yes. I want to tell you something. I'll tell you. And I go to FIU and I'll leave you home. Oh yeah. Chronic 560, 50560. How many words did that last today? Sir, what a little trifecta of losers. Your people. 560, we got 400 open lines here today. I'm smoldering on this and maybe the show is smoking on this and it's a dead end out there as usual in this town. A dead end on his freaking phone. Two stick in lines with up on a board and even the little punks are getting into the little whoo that are, you know, evidently got their fingers out of each other's rectum for a couple of minutes anyway to dial a phone. 560, 50560. Speak now or forever hold your own. Okay. We're inviting. We're giving you the opportunity of a lifetime today to tell us why this show should be removed from the year immediately if not sooner. And they still can't do it. We know you're out there. You're not fooling anybody. Everybody in America knows you're out there. Closet crowd. Here's my M.E. Hello. Hey, N.L. are you doing? Okay, sir. Mike. I, you were talking about the TV preachers and my brother said that the conversation in Tampa. Yeah. He had Jimmy Swagger. He was working Jimmy Swagger and that guy had Jimmy Swagger. Yeah. Yeah. The hand was mouth. He was, I don't know. But he had Jimmy Swagger had a list or had like a book where people could find a way their life savings to him when they died. Yeah. And this guy had about 15, 20,000 people find their life savings away to him. I love it. That's a good scam. I'm not going to get that going. I don't know. I'm, what you were talking about when they go in the hole. All right. I remember, remember Ernest, Angelie. Yeah. I woke up one time in the TV. Hey, baby. I hear this guy's being a bad way he has. You're saying if you say in a few dollars why that's nice, but if you want to save your soul, you got to send the role. That's right. There you go. I love it. And so I'm a songwriter and it's fired me to write a song called The Save Your Whole. Yeah. And I would like to email it to you and I love him. Did you, did you, did you give me an address? You go to email it to us or however I could get it to you. How are you going to email us a song? Well, I can just email a file and it's, I got it on. Oh, we don't, we, we're not, that, that we don't have no pewter here. Oh, we're not going to download it on. All right. But if you send it, how about a cassette would be simple. George, you give me the address. Okay. That would be good. Thank you, sir. All right. And watch your soul and your whole. Okay. Line 6 there. Take that whole of that guy. Give him the whole address. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T world of slime. Speaking of that downloading stuff from computers, I'll get to that. I don't want to do computer talk. I gave Rick and such another chances morning for about two minutes. And then Rick started with that computer stuff. Yeah, Matt. Oh, yeah. It seems that the stock market or the computer thing or the stock market. And I wish those guys nothing but the best because I'd love to see them. Give our guys a run for the money and try to get these guys to the bush that you up a little bit with a ten minutes an hour that they got to speak. But we're within a couple of minutes. He started with a computer stuff and about eight by the book and necks of ran and the green and ramp it up your ass. And I said, oh, no, I'm your god damn it. I'm out of here. Yeah, I couldn't stand it. You know, same old stuff, the same crap that I heard a million times. And I wouldn't mind if it would be interesting crap. See, I do a lot of the same crap too. And actually when you do 8 million shows a year. But it's not interesting crap. I don't want to be talking to me about their guy then computer. What do I care? It's boring. boring. And like I said, the people in those chat rooms man, they need mental health. They need serious. Like when we had that website, man, there was that was a lesson in life for me, which I'll never forget. What a bunch of sickies on here. And of course, all of the messages back and forth, 99% of them had nothing to do with the show. It was like they were shouting at each other. You know, over their computer. Little people would know lives playing with each other on their computer. See, if I'm going to play with somebody, I'd rather do it in person, not on the computer. Christ. God is that sad. What a, you know, maybe it's a good thing. Maybe it's an outlet for a lot of people. Otherwise could be very, very dangerous. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes. Keeps them at home. Right. Exactly. And like locked in a little room with the door, I'm sure, shitely touch from the inside. Oh. Thank you. I had a great, uh, expression that I used here today that we're talking about the sheets that they put out of the racetrack. You know, all those sheets that supposedly give you all the, uh, inside, info. And he said, I referred to somebody said, oh, yeah, he's a sheethead. That's what that's a great line. How come I never used that yet? Thank you. I'll hop her. She had. We had a lot of sheets that they're in this audience. I'll tell you that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why does one? Now, somebody's like from Pakistan. Does that make a machine head? Uh-huh. You're nice people to Pakistan. Until I get the bomb. Here's a mobile and naples, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you, sir? Great. Good. Let's talk about flyers. Leafs, series. So all the inquire, flyers get their wish. Yeah. I like, you like, flyers? Or you like Toronto, the series. What does that mean? Do I like the flyers that I like to ride? What is that mean? Is this like a gambling question? No, no. I'm just going to go to the tile of Toronto fan for 40 minutes. What else do I like? Let's be realistic though. Toronto doesn't light up the eastern coffers by anyway. Either under 500 against the eastern coffers. Sir, let me take this. I like the flyers. Flyers. The last two minutes. I'll send you a letter. Do you want to have a conversation? I just wanted to tell me you like the flyers. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Ansel. And a typical flyer fan. Out the least score 15 goals a game and you get like 15 in the whole four games, which is all I'll take. No, I like that. I hope you get eight. 5678 by a giant, uh, two-po-combrer. 567560, pon-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, you got that great goal-tending too, by the way, huh? Yeah. The geezer and the hex ball couldn't stop a bowling ball from three feet away. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hello, Uncle New. Yes, sir. I'd like to be some interesting crab. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. You got a more interesting one in this last guy. Yeah, that was a great hump for those. I don't know if you'd want to have a conversation, you know? Yes, me, the one I like. And then I bet that, but, you know, that was one more day. 5 teams better than your team, you know, that crab. That's a little bit more on child. He called to hear himself. Right. Um, and somebody out in your audience has got to know something about that. No, nobody in my audience knows something. You got some suits out there that might have an angling. And it might make up an answer. Yeah, I just started to eat like real healthy for health reasons. By the way, I wanted to hold a space man out there who seems to hear me every time I call you, which is like three times a year. Hold a space man to get a life. Yeah, it's going to be a good call if you keep doing that. But let's not digress. Let's keep going right on the old railroad track. I started eating spinach. Yeah. And what I think was I started buying that jet washed. That jet washed bag of spinach ready to eat. And I throw it into a ball stick into my co-aids. And it reduces down to like nothing. And it's really good taste great. And when I'm sunny eating it, my teeth. Maybe we should have that flyer fan back on. Go ahead. Sorry, my teeth feel like they've been cleaning the dead end of song. Yeah. What's with that? What the hell is in spinach that when you eat a bunch of spinach is got something in it that just strips all the crap off your teeth. I don't know. When you're done eating it, all of a sudden your teeth feel like they are clean. I don't know. I don't know either. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Well, like you said, maybe we'll find out. Or maybe not that would be okay too. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. diabetes patients research study. Papa Papa peep pepe. We'd like to offer you a fifty dollars for a patient to reverse and qualify and participate in the study. They must all live in Dade County. Why live in Dade County? Sorry. I'm an old that means what did he factors to me? I don't get it maybe he's looking for tech to dip it at patients of our business. And if so, he should tell me so. And it'll be more than happy to put it on the air. Five six seven, 0.5 60, p on five 60 on the AT&T Widdles London is we're searching at the dead crowd today, boy. They're in a door nail. She'll never start it out with a truth. Always lied to them a lot. Always lied. She'll never start it out with that truth stuff about the national film league. And that awful article by Greg Co. text, which as usual didn't really say anything. You start out saying one thing and they turn right around and you know, takes a whole other avenue. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Ray Whitney has a big, yeah. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know who the big alluses are. The people going out to be everglaced to watch the fire or... The other colors. The drap next. You know, listen to the drap to watch him TV. I don't know who. Well, it's all over last time I checked, you know. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Can you play a jelly roll? Okay. Let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I know that they should Greg Co. and Greg and Dan LeBaster. What's comes? Yeah. They sure got some great people on that staff of the Arrow. Very Jackass. Dan LeBaster. Greg Co. text. Any of the Pope who finally wrote a good comedy of the day. By the way, for the first time in his life, about the Cecil Collins thing. Nice going, Eddie DePoke. Did you ever hear LeBaster on Sunday morning? No. No. So, Beth. Anyway, I think the Bruins are pretty good chance in the East. You're out there hot. I will say that they're very hot right now. I didn't think so, but after watching the last couple of weeks, they're hot as a pistol. Why is it, you think? What is the next new church, which is a good team? It's in every year. It's called Tallade. It's called Great Gold Tending. Very good defense. And it's called Tallade. And they're not playing that Colma traps stuff that they used to play. Robbie Fitorick's got a play in real great hockey. They score a lot of goals. They got a lot of legitimate goals. They brought a lot of good outstanding young players up in that organization. And that's why they keep getting better and better. He's a good church. I like the first. Yeah. They're going to be dangerous. They're going to be real tough. I think they'll knock the penguins off for straight myself. I think they will. I think they can come down to them in the Bruins. It's good to be good. Okay. He put a Houston. Thanks. Nobody likes to leave. That's okay. You'll be surprised. We can score 15 goals again. Were you fudge back at the TV? You sound a red dog. You chug a red wolf. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around our red cock. Red cock's foamy head will leave you breathless. Red cock goes down easy. And it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck. Red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. We remember you can't eat our red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. Yeah. Brightend was a channel 70's until us that was his favorite brand too. It's 1131 at 560WQAM. We have 200 open lines. 56050560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got the Hank Goldberg from Louisville. They're having a big drop there for the Kentucky Derby. We got our rubber stamp sank over. And then we got Jim Maddog Manage to 690. We got the Marlins and the Giants from the West Coast. Any uh... No. Okay. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you feeling sir? Okay. No, we're talking about this place I've lived there over 28 years. And what is that sir? I'm sorry? And what is that? Oh, well, you know, your colors are crap with a suck. Now I feel sorry for you. The sports team down here are crap. Yeah. The newspapers are crap right. The newspaper is a rick fanchant and a man's stoper. Yeah. Everything's crap. That's so I feel sorry for you and your station. The people that call up your 80's. Okay. Goodbye. Okay. Goodbye. Goodbye. Do I agree with everything you said? Yeah. Yeah. Fines. We're waiting for some good calls. I mean, we got several hundred open lines there right now. But anything in the world we're waiting on you. You got some message from God from Jesus. We want to hear it now. Is it too late for us to get no way? No. No. Never too late. As long as you got that last gas that last bit of breath before you pass is hopefully through your mouth. 567. 560. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, they're just not in the mood to save us today. Yes today. I really don't know what sparked it. But both of us suddenly it was the fire in the Everglades. But all of us suddenly these people got off their dead ass and they were like, hysterical with a religious crowd. They wanted to save me and save George and save everybody. Save your soul. Save your soul for the future life. Because boy, it's going to be a long trek to get to heaven. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you aware of what Cecil Collins did? The details. I read the whole rap sheet yesterday on the ear. I don't have it here in front of me today. But I had it yesterday. Yes. I don't know if they'll talk to the LSU campus. He was deemed to be so dangerous that he was kicked off campus. Not just kicked out of school and off the team, but kicked off campus. Well, the papers here are kind of down to one in the detail. Yes. What he did was he sexually assaulted a 17 year old girl. He broke into a apartment. Right. Two and not one but two. Yeah, and then after they caught him for that, he was out of bond. He wouldn't did it again like two or three weeks later. Right. Have you heard him talk? No. Well, he's about one step away from Oh no. Yeah. I mean, I'm from absolute total literacy. Is that what you're saying? Well, what is that ever stop us from admiring all these goons? That was what I think they got a payment bananas. Okay. Okay. Listen, we'll send the Ashito for the big rally this weekend. Sir, they just been firstly washed. Maybe he can hang out in the hood. Is that in the hood or with the hood? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Was that a racist remark I just heard? Uh-huh. No. That was, we think that might have been 560, 50560. I'm just going to keep repeating the numbers. We got plenty of calls under, but I figured if I give the numbers all off and enough and long enough, somebody really brilliant will call in. My favorite call of the year so far was that guy that wanted to hear the myiness, which I had adopted party said, but he said, myiness smells really something. I scroll and sir, you made my day. You put a little smile on my old aging post. God bless you and your kind. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Is that a patty wagon out for a Dolphins cap? Is that something new? No, that's a permanent knot. That's never going to leave. It's got to be evolving door. Just kind of like our sales department. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, this is the best they can come up with. They don't care. Don't pee on their parade. Like Judge Judy says, don't pee on our parade and call it a rainstorm. Because we're having a movie having a good time. We want a wean. We want a wean. We're going to go out there. We're going to support our team. We want a wean. I hate to say it, but boy, you are right. You're this whole thing. This whole as much as I love my hockey and it's that. You know, something I don't even love my hockey. I love my Toronto Maple Leafs. It's in my blood. I can't. You know, if they fold it up there, team tomorrow, I never watch another hockey game. I hate to say that with all the respect to my panther friends. If I have any left, but I doubt. But, you know, that is all thing is just it's become sick. It's become nauseating. It's become disgusting and growtask. It's not fun anymore. Not only is it all business, but it is a corrupt bankrupt business. From the migration crap. And you know all you jackasses, all you jacks in the pres out there, all you real macho guys. You can't wait to get ripped off another 50 or 60 bucks, whatever the hell they finally let his dumb ass out of jail. You just can't wait for another bum of the month fight. So you can bitch about it. Oh gee, we was robbed again. Like a disease. No, it's an addiction. They're addicted to crap. They're going to call me forcer. You are absolutely correct. There are a lot of these people who are addicted to that's right. Is there life? So thank God that we look forward to going to have an amazing same Peter. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hey, man, what does that same Peter North? Yes sir. These drug tests in the major leagues in the NFL. They're not really determined who's doing pot or marijuana and who's not just a determine who's smarter now because if you can't pass a drug test, there's so many ways to mask it. So in a way for 20 bucks, you can go out and buy a little bottle and take it before a little file. Yeah. Why wouldn't you just take it and just put them to think that guys like Randy Moss are reformed. They're just covering it up better. These guys don't get reformed. I work out an office where we go to shirt and fire every day and I say at the mid 50 percent of the people there are smoking pot and we think drug test, it's just they're smarter enough to go to work out. Oh, well that's a lot of people smoking pun. You know, something any government that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's just that's trying to tell people they can't smoke a little weed. Those people deserve to be cheated. Exactly. Right. And in fact, I'm going to leave a crusade and I would fact we're going to give a start a Primer on this show all the different ways to mask the emergency we need in your system. It's simple, simple. Now you've got to drink a go and now you just have to drink 16 ounces. Factivest way to do it is smoke a regular for a month first. Have a great day sir. All right. God bless you. Have learned that. Did I love their oregano? No, I don't know. Anyway, five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pomp five. They put oregano everything in the pasta and the brownies and everything. A lot of brownie homes over there in Rome. Most of them at the Vatican. Come on. That's old material. You're using your own material. Let's bad. Let's somebody else do it first. Let Castro know of a sealant. Then the recycle that you can have it back again. Okay. I would be surprised pretty soon. He's going to start playing. No. Yeah. That'll be on that show pretty soon. Right. No. Way and the home of the free. The land of the grave. That's not Florida for you, baby. The land of the grave where even the dead people aren't allowed to have a good ton. We won't even let the dead people rest in peace. We go and we dance on their grave just to disturb as much as we can. Cause we're a bunch of shot this thirb. That's right, we're a bunch of the stirb. This thirb is. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Okay. Shining, calling us with a big track to do. Ringo, my new best pal. I'm dreaming, calling us, Walk on a mirror and look new, One, I'll resack a spell. My door's red for gray. Do have no half, give us a full day, please. When she's out there, if I want to get off, I thought I was gay, fine, nuts. Why can't they find us? But the world's become a mess in a place that's born. I'm dreaming, calling us, Oh, right. I can get it, yeah, no, no, no. I really have no choice. If I want to get there, I'm not going to get it. Bye-bye, sir. I have to pay the way through the hair for her from too swell. And I'm on the desk, I got a shame, fine, nuts. You know, now you know. Speaking of mess by the way, our fourth question is, why do they call Brazil nuts? What the hell is this? What the hell is this? What? I haven't even said it yet, you're already giving me a look. You know what the call Brazil nuts? Why do they do that? What does that mean? Why do they call Brazil nuts? What does that mean? 567. 560. Huh? I mean, what kind of nuts do they call like honky toes? Or, uh, spik toes? Huh? We never have heard of June. I was, but I never heard of June toes, you know? We got 4200 open lines all over the state, baby. 560. 560. 560. On the 18T wireless, we're looking for our second good call today after that request for my English smells like this. Here's a four-later nail, hello. Here's my any, hello. My any? Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Get near the phone. Somewhere with intensity would be good. Okay, listen. I've got, you know what, last week, I'll do one of the, what's the name of, uh, uh, thank you. I remember when he hit that, uh, we hit the bottom. Then we made a big deal about that. Last week, Hank, hearing that the home run. What, you know, when they were making the anniversary, twenty-five anniversary, right? I don't think it. When I was about 14, I was watching this. I had the, uh, sports page. You know, I was watching all this stuff and I was really in the baseball. That was very spa. Now I'm thinking, why is this guy for the model? Is this owner asking to keep it a bite ticket? When they make a statement, you might be, why? Yeah, what do you mean, why is he asking to bite tickets? Because he just bought the team and he's trying not to lose more than ten million this year. That's why. What do you want him to do? Come on here and say, please don't buy any tickets to team sucks. What do you want to do? He's getting through the corporate people. The owner needs to go through the corporate people and put that in the people for money. I went to a hot to game with December. I was given this ticket. And I want to know money back. Yeah. That's why I kept, I screamed at about 50 times this last year. And we only had 41 home games. I was there about 35 of them. And I kept saying about after the second period, most of the games I've been screaming on refund, refund. And then this morning in the newspaper, Scott Melon, I'd be trying to say, oh, well, it wasn't all bad this season. Right Scott, you're good guy Scott. I like you. But let's get serious. Okay. Just like the team didn't choke when Burrig got hurt in the Colorado game. Right. It had nothing to do with it. You're a great guy, Scott, but you're in total of nine of your full of cram. Like that whole organization. Tins, skinned uptight. Just can't tell the truth because it was, you know, it's the fifth and mental kind of thing and we tend to incriminate them. Five, six, seven, all five, 60, pound five, 60 out of the sea. I have left these people behind. You notice now I finally feel great. I was sick for three months. Then everything was, you know, we were more in the concert with each other. I was crappy. They were crappy. But now I've like, we're a risen from the dead, even without Jesus. Thanks to like medicare, unmedicating myself, not medicating, but unmedicating, getting off that, that, private call, getting off that awful, hydroplorify exercise. I feel great. My weight ain't going down. It's been the same. My blood sugar is great. My blood pressure is great. I feel great. I feel so good. It's almost time for a vacation. I think that's how I feel. I, I timed it that way. What's the sense of feeling good when you're working, you know? But when you go on vacation, you don't want to feel like cramps. That's when you want to feel good. So you can enjoy your vacation. Then you come back here and as soon as you get off the plane and say, oh, I'm back here again. Then you start feeling crampy again. I've left these people in the wake, boy, and I really show as two men. It really shows, this is like two different shows. It's like two bad were not an FM. We could do it in stereo. Here's a needle out of one speaker on the left, no doubt. And here are the cars out of some other speaker as it left behind. It's like trying to catch you up, trying to figure out what's going on here. That's what's wrong with this time. We've got too many dollars and slackers. That's the problem. Here's a mobile in the keys. Let's see if there's any hope for them. Hello. Mobile in the keys. Hey, hey, Neil. Yes, Mark in the keys. I'm a driving in the van with a bunch of high school students, but I want to thank you. I've turned their lives around. Good. From listening to you. Excellent. And there's another thing too. What are you some kind of a child monster marker? No, no, no, no, no. I'm not a priest. Are you a marker? I want to ask you to go to school. I hear no kids laughing in the background. Tell me to put their clothes back on Mark. No, no, no, they're fine. I got trouble for that. Listen to you on the internet at school. I got a remnant for listening to you. Why is that? Well, I was a guest in Jerry Paul got off on the party and you said it to you. Yeah. You said it to you. Yeah. You can't control that kind of life. Yeah, well Jerry, follow I heard got a blow off party. I hear he's got a blow off party. Now, let home is what I hear. Well, I'm sure he does. I hear he's doing Barney. And then the energy is the other way around. And the other thing to call about the common is the last time I was here. Those members of the game against us, a little the islanders. And we went to and went with me at a fast break goal. And he scored and you probably don't remember. Everybody was just, I don't know, eating cheese. Yeah, yeah, why? I got a fast break. Yeah, it was a fast break and he scored an over the basketball game or a hockey game. You better tell those kids in the party to teach you a little bit about where the Poco's okay, Mark. I think you're a little bit behind. Well, okay, your phone's breaking up. You're all your buddies. You've been the kiss for us, okay. There's Mark who's a child molester in the keys. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. I think he's one of those Sunday school teachers, you know? There's no fact in the church. Oh, yeah, right. Tell us another good one. Father, tool. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five. I wonder father, tools related to father's tool. You think there might be a chance? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile and poker, hello. Yes, not enough live, dad. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, sixty. What was that? I mean, did I miss something there? Not enough, live, dad. Meaning. Meaning. It's grateful, dad. And I'm supposed to understand that. From some dead head, from some asshole, let's got a jury Garcia blow up to all. And the guys been dead for like years now. Pathetic. Maybe he just got the body and live in them. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight. By the way, take those ties off. Two people are starting to laugh you, Jackass. Here's a mobile and poker, hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir, speaking. Mr. Clark? Yes, sir. Yes, you never, it's by the hands of God. What is it? You never have been touched by the hands of God. I've been touched by some hands, but I thought we're God, like yes. Yeah, we need everybody. Yeah, probably only. Ha ha ha ha ha. He's looking for it, man. He's looking hard and long. Or at least a hard part. I'm not so sure about the long part. You said that's the short and long of it. And he's got at least half for that. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18, and T. Rattlesman. Come on, where's all the God freaks today? When you want them to call and they won't call. When you don't want them like yesterday, they come out of the woodwork. Like a bunch of maggots rhymes with etchery. Let me tell you right now, the one that like it says in the Bible, the one that points the finger and says, there's the fact that over there, he's the fact. That's what it says like in the, in the do the wrong. Doesn't say that in there? In do the anime? Yeah. Do it around of me, my ass. All this silly, silly stuff. You see, I finally, they're speechless. I feel like I accomplished it. Maybe I did it. It was an hour or two yesterday. Think I know come back. They're out there. Think I know come back to try to just the violence horseman or all but we're going to heaven. You're not going to heaven. You're going into a box into the ground and then you get peace. Then you get relief from all this crap. That's right. Then you get your peace. Of course, most of us were still looking to get a peace every now and then of something. Like that guy that just called, he wants a peace bed. Crazy people. When are you going to finally say to yourself, my parents lied. It's a big corrupt business. It's a bunch of crap. It's a bunch of stupidity. Speak on a crap. Let me say it again. Next time you take a good one. Just put your, just get down on your hand to knees and put your head on the ball and take a good sniff. If you can possibly do that, which I don't. But just do it. It's a good God. What kind of God will create that? And all these diseases and all these women and all these, bacteria and all of these things, huh? What kind of God invented? Barley King. That's my question. And we can't get an answer out of these methods because all they do, you know what they do? They quote scripture. But if you're like a bunch of all Tomatons, you're like a bunch of quizlings. You know something, I'm going to take back. You're not like a bunch of sheep because a sheep at least is like, you know, a decent animal. It just stands there. You shave the wool off it. It hopes you don't kill it. And then that's it. It has a sheepish grin on its post. And it goes on when it's light. Mind your own business. So sheep. Anybody ever get hurt by a sheep? No. Unless the court, they were trying to do something. The sheep and it was trying to protect itself. We wouldn't surprise me with this crowd. Every time you get those stories about Michigan State, when you stand those, I don't want to go in that. Yeah, there were sheep across from me, Shaw Hall, and those days. They didn't have that planetarium like they got now. They would stand like barnyard animals over there. Right away, we get our water or water. So that's all the vans you're going to. I know I know that. I'm just trying to warm in a plug for the Coligan man again. Well, anytime, just like my friends at the Sawgrass publics, they said, I went in their last night to pick up a couple of things. And the young guy who's the manager out there, which I'll find his name someday, plus my friend Frankie was there. But the manager is this. Thanks for the kind words on the air today. See people of nice people appreciate when you say something nice. Everyone loves the water cooler by the way. And everybody loves the water cooler. But how many people are over here in Newsett, which is great? Wait a minute. The power 96 people are there. They're nice people. Who? The one for the one. Yeah. The whole mark. Mark Mosley. Mark Mosley. Yeah, the whole long way. Dude, a Tracy. I don't know who that is. So they're nice people. He black. She is not. She's white. Okay, she can bring the water. Now, see that just a joke. Right away, we're going to get some of our dark and collected for O.C. We know he's a, you can drink out of the water. He can't drink from the same fountain now, not from the same cooler. Thanks a lot, my friend. Our colleague and manager slept for all this to water. See, I come on here this morning. That's how you get results. That's how you move mountains, baby. You come on and you say, we need it. We want it. They say, here it is. And thank you. And we love each other. Just like it. My publics out there at the saw grass. I love those people. They love me. I love them. I was thinking when I left their last night. And they hire people in that store. They must hire people, not just who are qualified and bright and hardworking. But they must also like a lot of the way to interview people. So they hire nice people that we're care about treating the customers. Well, which is what you want when you go to any kind of a retail establishment. Not a bunch of slackers who stand behind a counter and like, you're interrupting their conversation. You know, and they look at you and ask them a question they go, Eeeey, like that. Yeah. That I can't handle. You know, I don't want to mention no particular supermarket, which, you know, over there on Broadway Boulevard, I don't want to mention the name, which is not a publics to figure out for yourself. I don't like that other chain. I'm sure they advertise on our ballgame somewhere. So I'm not going to mention what it is, you know, but. And I know, I know, every time I think of my song, keeps going through my own. And I know, and I know, and I know, and I was talking about. Yeah. When any money is to track lately, I'm sorry. Yeah. I don't want to mention their name on me. I don't like most of their stores. I don't know what it is. Maybe some of how you doing there, my friend Carlos, great guy, never stole a freight train. I had that hair tied and kind of a tight bun to that. And notice, you see that? Yeah, it is beard too. Here's a mobile and hell and they'll allow. Hello, Neil. Yes. Yeah, I'm in hell and hell. Well, that's your problem, pal. It's like a sort of live dead. Oh, hey. Hey, you got to revive that whole thing. Reserves that whole hell and they'll think you used to do back in the 80s. Okay. It's time to bring that whole time. Time for the younger generation. Now, the ones in their 90s to get into wood, right? I do want the seniors on a daily basis in my business. God bless you, sir. Oh, my God. Wow. It's a nightmare. But I really appreciate that whole thing you did last time. It was fun. Yeah, let's get them again. Let's get that done. You have the whole problem to lead. That's the whole problem when the state is all the old. Fuck down there. And then RJ Intendola with his outhouse. He turned our whole city into an outhouse. And outdoor in a house outhouse. In an in a house outhouse. In an outhouse. Good luck to you, sir. In a smells like roses. Oh, right. You have not just fallen in this tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man. It's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them have must. I'm not a f***ing thing. I'm not f***ing. I'm f***ing. I'm f***ing. Words of love. They toss in the microphone. The jump button just can't seem to be left alone. And all of them, this is because they like saying. So f***ing. They're f***ing. I'm f***ing. I'm f***ing. I'm f***ing. Oh, f***ing. But they play football badly. I'm f***ing. How does the patriots kick their ass? F***ing. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with an attitude as bad as there is. But if we're f***ing our hopes down the stairs. Oh, man. Move. Attactions. Power and disgraceful. The dolphins are cursing and manage. The space will be dispriying. Cox and the rest of them are singing. Fuck my f***ing. They're f***ing. Yes, they're saying. Fuck my f***ing. Fuck my f***ing. Fuck the f***ing. They're saying. Fuck my f***ing. Fuck my f***ing. I'm f***ing. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Fuck my f***ing. Fuck my f***ing. Fuck my f***ing. Fuck the f***ing. I'll think about Jimmy. At least he's consistent. Better consistently wrong than once in a while. You know what I'm saying? Like those hurricane, against the team's that he coached. All right, Kate. In blow. What's goes without saying, of course? I just go on JJ. Whatever your name is, JJ. 5. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 7. 5. 5. 7. 6. 6. 7. 5. 7. 5. 7. 5. 9. 9. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. they knew yes i do it great uh... long time listener many time call it uh-huh uh... uh... i i i get a okay i'd you'll get a uh... kick out of this i work at my amicorn at your airport yes sir and last that of the one all the small uh... point from the evergreen i have to admit it was an imposing site all this black mess rolin in from the west yeah well anyway i have two sort of coming from alabana uh... yeah there's one of those oh yeah well i got a couple of those and they happen to be super christians that i work with and they're always praying and carrying on so when all the small came in from the uh... the evergreen oh my god oh my god yes i ran into the area they were working in they hadn't seen it because they're indoors i told them guys something's going on there's a lot of empty cars around the cars are crashing a lot of empty cars i think it's the rapture these two individuals ran outside it was the rupter not the rancher uh... uh... these individuals ran outside hell hands started playing and chanting we are ready lord we are ready lord oh god could you believe that yes when i thought i've been admitted and there i am i don't know what is it happened i don't know what is it i was rolling around you don't even believe it you're doing rolling around while of course you're probably used to that being out of mma okay five what is he doing out there you'll look at the glory home five six seven five sixty pombia come on let's uh... let's tell the honest stories about what goes on we're late at night out there two air at the two big airports my main international hall more so at my main international because we got more who he was out there i think i bet you there's some heavy duty stuff going on you know like uh... midnight one two three in the morning i bet you there is some very very serious uh... stuff going down i bet you there lot of guys going down like on each other five six seven oh five sixty pomb five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in four waterdale hello good afternoon yes you're good evening well i think some of these people should have gone to work today yeah i just wanted to ask if you've ever gotten this from the religious fanatics of crucial never hear him say that that is everything that we say is but yet the only thing he can't do is cure disease touch sick children and that's that's what we were ridiculous and i want to say as far as that but i'm afraid of just in case he changes mine and decide to do something worthwhile someday yeah let's say of all those people in the slotted it being this slaughtered you know it's interesting we got some of these idiots saying oh it's not genocide but of course the fact that we got all these uh... mass graves that they're finding out with all these thousands and thousands of bodies in them well it's not genocide it's just uh... you know and well maybe we're back to ethnic cleansing again you know by grew a few hundred percent i think you get your peace and quiet once you have gone and gone down sixty down to right you don't have to deal with all this crap and as far as that and the virus called it just a little bit earlier if you let me deal i would just like to say that the next time i take a dump personally i'm going to be thinking about him okay i don't make a leave okay super yeah it was like most people from till about you know those their sports fans are not just disgusting roudy too fast i mean the new sports fans are pretty bad you know if i all the way did love one that they had a big ceremony for rescue the other day and when they introduced gary abetman and you'll submit both of them they blew them like crazy and i was there was uh... you know you're sitting on the nation and i's going but the Philadelphia fans are just their just i'm not sure if they're animals five six seven over the excepting my good friend who's probably not in town anymore anyway wrong five six seven oh five sixty you follow that and my go to fact i think that's the problem five two seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line we got forty two open lines here and we got another forty uh... our and forty units to kill until hankham's on our rubber stand from loofail i'm gonna start call these guys on the station rubber stands that's what they are hey Jimmy Jimmy he'd you meet him come on then down to see if if Jimmy would do look at our general manager did yesterday and his drop his pants they'd all look his ass arm and purple or not they would look in the back of them i mean like as long as he liked it till he said stop i can't handle it no more here's a mobile and davie hello hello yes sir you'll how are you great the uh... the NFL just become the futley kneel that used to be you had to have an education and then they'd draft you out of college now they go check your criminal record and he who has the most battery and a song charges get picked yeah it's gotten really crazy i mean strawberry the other day for crying out loud the guy still has a figure out what the program is and he's asking him can't we fix this or to go on out the window buddy okay thanks to the good news five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line maybe we can find something useful to the lawyer can't sit a watchin all these in a little a jocce play out throw balls around okay black and each other's balls i think a few guys black and each other's balls but it's a hell of a more entertaining the netcraft here's uh... my name he hello you need a little some of that how you don't you are right now we request no material just a request can you play that that body we need to take a dot when he's taken a one barney can you say don't okay okay it's uh... eight minutes after after noon at five sixty double i'm paying a one thing they got to honor mine okay our brothers today they know they're right they don't give a crap about c-cell uh... cubarama colon i notice i call them c-cell c-cell cooper yesterday too i you know i mean he was a jocce he wasn't a bad guy played for the abruers in the red soxie so cubarama out the other lot of homerons a little bit about my sports here rather now in fact lot more than those the tiecald sports box threatened rubber stand but ever say kitty kitty kitty kitty what ever you say what ever say pamb like every state theyvant whatever you say patlin your silk sees where traveling with the right now love that that the shewhop murley who even admit that he knows who I am. Would you be Johnston and he knows who I am? No. No. The BM and TM? No. No. They've crossed me off their list for obvious good reasons. Who might be good now? The guy from the fusion? No. No, speaking English, I don't even know who that is. Lord, and I don't want to know, please, please, we don't want to know. No more confusion on this show. The fusion, my ass. And by the way, would you write a her golf show or show on auto racing? That's our pool. Because your castell got screwed by our program director and Ray Perry. You know, that Ray Perry. He's an asshole. Man, did he turn out to be a loser or what? Have we seen him in months? No. No. He was going to come in every Tuesday morning. We're going to have a meeting. He's the sales. Yeah, right. He's just another figurehead. Just another president of ontay. That's for shh. Hey, come on. I'll be back. It's the little dance. It's the little dance. Oh, boy, got a gold. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a dance. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, yeah. I've been here for the afternoon. I've been here for the evening. There's me right now. Oh. Oh! Oh, no. Ah. Nanny Shijik. Come on, buddy. Well, you're just way to a never give you. Well, that was a smooth, harmless. I'm serious. I'm serious. Prof. 15 at 5. Safety WCMS. On the 10th of the story, how Joe Costello got screwed on a Saturday morning auto racing show by several people in this building. Well, he just ran out the door. I wanted to say if I wanted to tell you I got stabbed in the back. But here's our pull question. Would you rather hear a shot? If you haven't, I mean, obviously, a lot of us are not interested in either one. But would you rather hear a show about golf or auto racing? OK. At least auto racing, there is some excitement. You know, right? Right now, around her. But golf. Let me say it again. I can't emphasize this strongly enough. If you want to play golf, you know, go out and, you know, smooth with the boys and have a little bit of fun and get some exercise. That's fine. I don't be grudge you that. Not my cup of tea is boring. But if you want to do that fine, but people who are into golf is like a spectator sport who watch tournaments on television, actually go to golf tournaments. Those people are wasting space. They're using up oxygen that would be better used by anything else alive. Anything. Now, that having been said, would you rather hear a show about golf or auto, or auto, or racing? So Joe Costello, they give them a little bone. They give them that six to seven hour. Uncertainly, more into the auto racing racing show. He's getting a lot of calls. There's a few people listening at an ungodly hour. When most anybody with a brain is probably asleep, by the way, don't forget it's a live show with real interviews and things like that. As opposed to the syndicated crap we put on overnight in the real early hours of the morning, especially on a weekend. Or like I said, let's suppose the most of the crap we put on in the morning, especially during a week. But anyway, so they've evidently got a golf show overnight from ESPN or some who some crap. I don't know. So they have a golf show on Saturday morning from seven to eight in the morning. So our general manager said the Joe Costello said, well, you know, I think you've come a long way and it sounded really good. Maybe we ought to move you up to put the golf show in here from six to seven because it follows golf on ESPN. So it kind of like all blends in together. And then we'll have you do the auto racing show before the phone at Saturday morning awful trade-off show. He does. Put you on from seven to eight and Joe said great. And Greg says, OK, go talk to our, we now see this is why I don't understand. Because if on the general manager, I don't say to the talent, go talk to our program to record and see if he can bluff your way through would bluff, you know, a pussy galore. And bluffs is, oh, well, I'll have to talk to the sales department first. See, this is why we have 85 spots in our on a station because we don't have a strong program director with any backbone. We'll stand up to that bitch over there in sales. That's right. That's psychotic bitch. So to make a long story short, does Joe get the move up on Saturday morning? No, no. He gets screwed. And again, because another bad guy in his place, Ray Perry, who it lies through his teeth, who was going to come and talk to us every Tuesday. And when we haven't seen him since we were downstairs weeks before we left downstairs, which we left about seven weeks ago, not that I want to see him, not that he's going to tell me anything. He's another guy's got a title around here. Does he involve in anything that we're doing here? No, no. Who are the copies? No, with the spots? No, with anything? No. You know, these people around here, they all got a title. I'll tell you the good guy's Gary Sarner. What does that mean? I always said, Gary was the best sales guy we got. I have an outrage. Yeah, he is. He's my favorite person in the world. Well, he got me something at this company. Okay. Oh, you know, us, you lost. We got us together, even if it is Gary. And I got his check by the way, where the hell is he? I got to check to a pay him for what he got, which he forked the money out of for. That shows me, okay, I got that would do that. And actually believe I would come in with a check the next day. Like I said, I hate your check here, but oh, sorry. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Here's the route, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, no, I always hear you back and reload. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, you know, like, so we turned something today, is that your problem? Are you retarded? Especially, because you haven't been really crucial. Yeah, we always see you. You're at on. Yeah, my Jew had on it. I don't know. When you see that, when you show that, we're okay. Okay, retard, retard, retard. That's the box, retard. When my Jew had on, what does that mean that you had? Five, six. I mean, dumb isn't even the worst force. See, that's why when I did that on an awful landy show, when I did that, I should never have done it because it required, you know, they didn't even realize. Oh, here's a Yarmucker with a hockey puck on it with a bunch of silly crap on it, with a little, a Bini, with a fly wheel on top, you know? Isn't it a little bit hypocritical to beat you, right? Uh-huh. Oh, my God. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. We're still searching for a call today. We're still searching for a call. We want to know what goes on up in heaven. Okay. We seriously, we want to know Georgian, I both are desperate to know what happens up in heaven. Why is it that we should pretend to believe all this bullcrant? So that we can look forward to have something to look forward to. It's got to be better than living in this town. I mean, you think there's not a hell? Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good show. Answer to your poll question is neither. Yeah, I wanted to, I wanted to share with you that I know some people close to the LSU athletic department. Yeah. And it appears that Mr. Cecil the diesel on his first felony rampage. Yeah. The last thing women decided to wear his football jersey with the number and his name stem sold on it. All right. There you go. Yeah, kind of simplified the investigation process. One other thing, your rubber stamp statement that are constantly referring to coach Johnson is a master psychologist and a divider. I think to have coach Johnson pride himself on affecting the middle state of the average NFL ball player is about like a 10 year old with a hamster considering himself a wild animal trader or Richard you with a hamster considering himself. Okay. Well, let's have a great day, sir. Considering himself lucky, I guess. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. We're still looking for the God people. I guess they're probably all in church today or somewhere. How come you wear those beanie's on the TV show? You don't get it. Do I have to do I a diaphragm? Do I have to send you a letter? Do we have to write it up? We have to bring a rabbi on to make gutterable sounds. Yeah, you're juuuh, you're juuhat. We saw you with your juuhat on. What do you think of it? I suppose that you had. Exactly. How come a guy like the Pope is wearing a juuhat? This is if it works for them, if my work for juu. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a national fail. Directive or major corporation? Yes. And I've got a title. This is in worst thing this morning. Yeah. Why the fuck up, sir? You're not an impass. Okay. Listen, when you're corporation, you're going to for the biafona. Works call me back, okay, sir. He said they were sucking up to JJ. JJ, it's not it's either Jimmy or JJ. Never, Jimmy Johnson. It's Jimmy. Jimmy. Like Cecil, like Hank, Hank, yesterday we're happy for him. Oh, we talked about Cecil. Cecil, like, you know, this scumbag. See, there's no scumbag that these rubber stamps won't stand up for you. No. Oh, he might turn out to be the clenhanks. The yesterday, he might turn out to be the best running back on the team. At that point, every silver went click. And my blood was boiling. I was steaming the steam was coming out of every office in my window. Even there, too. You know, I mean, there guys that run around pretending to be like, you know, real, gutsy and balls. You know what, basically they're all rubber stamps. They want to, they want the sports fraternity to like them. They want to be a member. You know, they want to be one of the boys. Part of the people that all these people will talk to, not a renegade. Not somebody who'll tell the truth God for a bit. I'm not saying you got to be negative. How much just honest for a change? I would be good. I'm not saying extension way to negative or the positive. Just kind of like play it down the middle of the road and tell it to wait really is. Here's Carl Spring, Silla. Yes. Are you going to nail? Great. Hey, I'm getting a hell out of this thinking area. Yeah, where you going? Back to Connecticut. I ruined my life down here for the past two years. Yeah. There's so many different assholes that come down from the north of the road and for everybody else. Right. And I just had enough of it. We have assholes from every direction. We have assholes from the south of us to the north of us to the west of us and amazing as it may sound even to the east of us. They put they come down and bring their attitude down and you think that you would leave that behind and start a new life down here? Yeah. No. They just keep on screwing the next person away from the road. They want to see the rest sign at the state board of that said, There's really love's company. Will make sure that you have a lot of company. I wish I did see that because I would turn around. Well, good luck to you sir. Well, good luck to you too. I'll need it. I have a great life. No, I hope. Okay. There's a guy going back to you, Con. I mean Connecticut. Had nothing wrong with Connecticut. I mean it's a, you know, nearest some real places. Huh? Oh, sure if I Connecticut's a, it's not too good. 560, 0560, POMP 5, but it's better than here. POMP 560, animal will one line. That's our pool question. Name some places that aren't better than here. Besides the west coast of Florida. And that's Carolina. What? You're Mexico. New Mexico is beautiful. Oh, I know. And if you need a pretty real quick, no problem. Arizona. See, uh, what Arizona? Yeah, you're right. Arizona's horrible. Oh, my God. The great grand parrots of the people from St. Petersburg all moved to, uh, Sun City in Arizona. Yuma and Phoenix and Tucson. Oh, my God. In fact, once I was driving to Arizona, got out of the car. We're filling up my tank with the gas station back into something and thought. And just feel like a prick. Yeah. Oh, speaking of the cactus by the way, anybody cruising around there lately? I sure hope not. Oh, and speaking of cruising around, I just want to got a bullet and the word is out. Can Jenny aspires to be the next Rudy Giuliani. He is going to be, you think the thing with the swing clubs was, that was just to start. This is the Amos, the real word in Broward County. Like I said, don't even think about going anywhere where anybody might have no to the or eat. Even like a restroom where somebody might pull an organ out just to take a leak. Don't even think about going in there. Because Ken Jenny is going to outdo Rudy Giuliani. He's a political or an ordeal Nazi Ken Jenny. He is. He's a real prick. Here's North Miami. Hello. New Lord. Yes, sir. Good. What's going on? I heard you play a burning thing. I wish you could play that again. Yeah. Yeah. Do you call for that? How many times did you call me? They for? I don't know. Brother. Can you please can you? Okay. We have an open line. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. I think he's going to keep calling me. He's going to orchestrate. He's going to keep requesting that. And other. I'm not sure. Go take one for yourself. You find out what it sounds like. This is the meal Roger. So. This is your brain. Any questions? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. The matter's how hard it's right. Gravity's not on my side. Who's my booth? They said. I'm really in a head. Yes. My booth is no one's feeling. You're worried they're moving. But when my flat is concerned. I lose black and swear on you. Oh. Can you believe the work I had done? I've done. Nothing real shows up on my way. I just keep on adding on this. No. Can you believe the work I had done? No. I've got jobs to build. I have to pay. You follow the song I gave and have it enough. No. Prof. 32 at 560 WM Hank from Louisville into a clock. Any interest in that? No. Kentucky Derby draw any interest in the end. No. I've got a number of $6.560 on the mobile one line. We've got $122. We've got a number of $122. If there's any interest out there, we're looking for the answers to heaven. We want to know what happens in heaven. Do we want to know that? I mean yesterday. I mean we're so titulated by the guy that called it and said, you mean you don't believe in that you're going to have peace and this of it. Are you better? You praise God forever. I know that. I know that. I've got to be through this before. God, you're good. God, you're good. Yeah. Now I will. God. Here's a mobile an aventure. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? How do you get any peace when you're a praising God all the time? Yes sir. I don't know man, but I'll tell you. I don't think religion is such a bad thing. What is bad is organized religion. Yeah. It's turned into a... What's the difference? What does that mean? It's very hard to see the difference. That's why there's so many people that are sour and religion. That's the problem. That's not a question. People saw them religions. A question of people who think for themselves. They've got enough common sense. And a maturity to deal with death. That's what it is. I agree with you. When it all comes down to them and if you're a good decent person, you've got a good heart. That's all they can. All that religion. But it should be me. Yes. That's good. I'm sorry. I got to have a joke for you. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560. 560, 560, 560, 560. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560. 560, 560, 560, 560. What's the answer? It's not a mobile one line. A lot of interest in that sea salt column. A lot of interest in that heavenly. Oh. Any interest in anything? Not this crowd. Dom, dummer and dummer. Those are the three levels of what you'll find here in software for your physical amount of town. Good luck to you and what are you doing here. The sobgrass mills outlet mall. That's the number 2 tourist attraction in the state. There's that everywhere you need to know. Like time to go home real fast before it's too late. 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. It's much a crap going on there. Airways today. Yeah. If this is hell, I guess, the whole year's got to be having. And the guys who listen, watch that golf and race and stuff, I think they all have Shorne's produce. They want? Shorne, they're balls. Oh, they have Shorne, okay, thank you. Whatever you say, sir, another guy with no material, very weak. Got to you, people boring, you know. I feel sorry for me, because I'm so damn good. I feel sorry for me to talk to such a bunch of dollars. Such a bunch of retards. Such a bunch of people think that they're funny that they're humorous, that they have material. They don't have any material. Nothing. What about your conversation with? How do you like to be an elevator with them while they're farting a pistorma? Seriously, how'd you like to be an a stuck elevator for two hours with some of these retards? Five, six, seven. We're searching for a real colleratine in women today? No. I don't think so. Not that they make any difference. You know, we'll get the Mickey Works, your friends, you'll be calling in. That's slut. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello? Yes, sir. Hello, Neil? Yes, I am. All right, just wanted to call them, say I agree with you, and that commentary meant about Ken Jimmy being a Nazi. Thank you. Thank you. That's right. The other thing I want to say is about is so called grooming to be mayor of Howard County. Hasn't been a lie. I am not. I'm not saying that. Yes, you are. Hasn't even an office is the sheriff or like over a year now, and he's hasn't been able to close those doors in that jail yet. He's not a very good administrator. Have I here's not time for that? He's good to see where he's got the pleasure police going now, rounding up everybody that might even get to think about getting erect. And I tell you, I've got the Democratic Party, you're thinking about him as a governor in ten years. Well, wouldn't that be? Well, we've already got governor Boots. We've already got another fastest as governor. I mean, his state lock stock and burl they through the key away, and it's hopeless now. It is. Oh, I understand. That's all. I'm not a material. And God bless you, sir. Keep that passport. Keep it rip on it. You got it. And the passport, too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pump. Ken Jenny, you're out of the closet, baby. You're a fascist. You're a Nazi, baby. You're not fooling anybody. How about going and rating those cruise ships one more time? Come on. Let's get those machines out there. Let's get the cameras out there for another good photo opportunity. And then the taxpayers can pay. So you have to let back their and bring them bring them back to you. So a lot machines and slump them on a cruise. So ships would egg on your post. That was a good omelette I had here yesterday, but Ken Jenny, he's always got an omelette. I always got to do a stick his tongue out because he's got perpetual egg on his post because he's making such a jackass out of himself. And we ever going to get like a real honest guy, Sheriff and Broward is not a fascist. And that Bobby Butterworth up there to former Broward Sheriff up there and tell a handsy with a banjo on his knee. Oh, we're going to fight this gambling thing. We're going to fight this. Yeah, keep fighting it. Okay. Keep depriving the public of what they want. Keep pandering to those old funny that he stale old smelly, crusty farts. That's what you're all about, Bobby Butterworth. You stale disgusting piece of turd. See one thing about what the evolution of politics in this state. Now swastika, I mean, you know, sorry, now Democrat means you were your swastika like under your shirt instead of like openly like just under your collar. Just next to your cross. Oh, gee, there he goes again, right? And what's the point? There's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Kenya's my sponsor Billy Joel and good team team. Ah, great. Good material. Five minutes of his life he waited for that. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Another being eater. You've heard of the being counters. We got to be in Ebers. Here's a West Palm Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm in West Palm. I'm listening to you for 15 years. Yes, sir. Never culture. Okay. I found you through two hours. I was ran to. How was ran to? Yeah, I'm here. I'm here from Orlando. Yeah. And he was talking about the homosexuality of the station. And I doubt around found you and I've been listening to. Well, what did he mean? He was talking about the homosexuality. What about homosexuality? His station. That's right. He's still. So he didn't say anything. A couple of things. I enjoyed very much. But I was raised in a sudden bad discharge. And he screwed up my life forever. And I walked around the field in that guilt. And it screwed up a lot of people. Yeah. It really does. And I appreciate what you have to say. What I really call for was here was on beach Donald Trump. You know, he's building a new golf course. Multimillion dollars. Carl Fustrita's a topless bar call Mr. Teeth. So in the paper, Sunday, you said that Donald Trump had offered the fellow a loan to property $20,000 to change the name. And the interview to guy and he said, Great. I'll take you to a green and then he said, what are you going to change an empty. He said, Mr. Runt. All right. Got you. I love it. I enjoy it. God bless you, sir. See, I say how to Alice. How's that Alice? I'm telling you, I'm not there in the West Coast. Probably still flipping around. Self-heating fact. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. 2121 at 560, WQM. We're going to 5 o'clock today. We don't want to hear that stupid Kentucky Derby draw stuff up there. Thank go over our fat accident rubber stamp. He'll be on it to a clock from Louisville today. 6 o'clock. We got to great Jim Manage tonight. Yeah. Just the line 30. And then after that, we got a horrible awful ball game. But I guarantee you won't want to watch. Wasn't to even be associated with the Marlins on the West Coast with a San Francisco Giants. Interesting. No. No. Of course not. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Right. We don't intermica in the car room. Bein. He got me dressed, burps, catch whoever. As many party in that neighborhood. He told you, this country where the country is. Oh, it's gray, but come down. As somebody wants to sell, and from a mile away, you can detect the smell. So that's what you're saying. Okay. Okay. Spoke, answer, smoke, smoke. He like, he split and talk. Spoke, answer, smoke, air. Spoke, answer, smoke, air. Spoke, answer, smoke, smoke. Oh, we're fine. The country, we go. We'll be carry lots of earth in the grunties. Okay. Spoke, answer, give it up a day until you're long so bright. With all the money that we have made, Jamaica does some need and a foreign trade. Are you a marriage and pour a song here and say, You can't have the right to this in the US, right? Spoke, answer, smoke, smoke. They like, up the split and talk. They begin to cough and choke. Spoke, answer, smoke, smoke. They can't drink, good. I'm not selfish on you, I'll write up some man. You're good. I just hope to join you, sir, whenever you can. Many people come in here from miles around. So, by deeper, from you, by the ounce and it, girl. Ask the man, say, to her, I'm not your right. The country be close tonight and then they smoke. Spoke, answer, smoke, smoke. They like, up the split and talk. Oh, smoke, answer, smoke, smoke. Spoke, answer, smoke. They're kind of beautiful. I'll tell you what thing right now, anybody opposed to the legalization of her wants an answer. Come on, a fan switched. It should be put away for many, many years, okay? And get out of our lives. Get out of our lives, get out of everybody's individual personal crap. That's what we all say, right? Yes, anybody with a brain. What is wrong with you, people? Come on, man. Much of quizlings, much of pussy. That's what's wrong with this country. I'll tell you one thing, if the people or in this country right now would have been here back when a British owned this guy, they enjoyed. They would have been no American Revolution would there. No, that's right. We'd still be walking around with pictures of some queen on our currency. Some silly old, pretty queen with a stupid little purse. That's what we'd be doing. Spindless jellyfish who take any crap that the government door doors out. Oh, you can't grow that in your backyard, any crap that they want to dish out. Okay, whatever you say Mr. Governor. bunch of bull crap, the land of the free my fat ass, okay? In fact, the guy, that's what he took out of the land of Wangweitsky. That's what he said in the International Anthem of the day. That guy with a bad wig that sings in Madison Square Garden. He sings good, but what a bad wig. In fact, he ought to be out of the chairhouse out here right away. Get him and Bob Eisenberg over there and make him look like at least human. Close to it. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes, sir. You know what I think about legalization of marijuana? And what is that, sir? Everybody should float. Yeah. Everybody should float where I want to cook personally. I smoke a pound of the day. Yeah. Yeah. I think you probably drop a pound of day. You just dropped a few ounces here on a phone line, I'll tell you that. I can smell it from here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 day and he was already on hold by the way before he had been mentioned that. So it was obviously another guy with no material one of yours again. Do they have any material at all? No. Anything at all besides Madacone and Culo and Pingo. Is that all? That's it. That's a medley of their lives. How sad? Maybe if we could geographically move them like to South Dakota or you're a Montana. You're always raven. Oh no. South Dakota. Good idea. They want to scrub Montana. Oh no, no thank you. Okay. How about Carolinas? Here's the money. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, I'll follow Marvalber coming back to basketball. What about it? Isn't that terrible? Why is that? Oh, it's because what? He likes Botox. Oh, he likes Botox? He likes, he likes a manly sweaty Botox. Yeah, how do you know that? He's going to be silly. No, he did not. I didn't say he liked a manly sweaty. He likes to dress up on a weekend. That's what he said, Jackass. See, they had to put one white guy in there so it didn't look like a racial thing. So they had to put Marvalber's picture in there. Is if anybody cares about how many Baffes he's biting these days? Totally a total of separate deal. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a highly a hello. And what if he likes Botox? So what about it? Yes sir. Hello? Yes I am. Tony voice. Hello? Yes. Tony voice like I said. Tony, very good. Thank you for your material sir. Call us again next year when you work another one up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Well that's the guy from the achievement of J.C. pennies in one line. Recognize that voice anywhere. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hold on a second. I got a fire truck coming up my foot. Hold on. All right. Got it out of the way. Correct. Neil. Yes. Did you ever try Rosalind for your diabetes? No. No. I only want to work anyway. I got a bottle. What does that mean? It's bad stuff. No it is not. There's a lot of bad side effects from Rosalind. But if they're doing some reading sir it's bad stuff. I saw it. I saw it. I want to know. Well yes. I want to know. I want to know. Well yes. I want to know. I want to know. I want to know. I want to know. I want to know. I want to know. I want work once more. Okay thank you. I already look like you. I don't drink. Thank you. What's wrong? I'm not taking anything for my diabetes. My blood sugar was one hundred this morning. How do you like that? I'm off all that prescription stuff. But you keep making money killing people, have an wife. If you have any conscience left. Kind of one in the afternoon all of a sudden Not all of a sudden I'm surprised you just noticed it. Why how long go to the start? tend to noon it's been going on for an hour. How about cracking a goddamn noise down out there you idiots They can still hear it. It's going through the transmitter. You don't have to crack it up. So loud in the building. That's not how they hear it. You idiots you more ones Seriously, I'm not gonna keep doing a show like this. This is unacceptable I'm going you know you talk There's an art of noise children music me And you listen Think I vote a I'm really spinning almost. That's what they're supposed to be. Sounds like a no-order man. So the best I'm gonna look for is to order me. I'm almost no-ah. I'm almost no-ah. I'm almost no-ah. I'm barely in the middle of the night. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm almost no-ah. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. I'm just gonna be. So this jackass whoever that one is he goes, he goes, he goes, comes out in the hallway and I'm screaming. The walls are vibrating. They're pumping okay. He goes in there to tell this jackass to a crank it down. He crankes it up as loud as he can get it. This is the Greg Reid Fnway baby. This is the cooperation we get. And you're telling me these are nice people on power 90's. Why does he's in there pounding his. He's an asshole. He's an air-pounding it. And the music too. None of the people I named would have been pounding his. I only wish you would have been out in the hall just now. I heard it when you open the door. Trust me. Why is it loud? He's like the world is coming to an end in here. And Eric goes again. How is it that we survived through some days none of this okay? How is it that the power 96 people survived some days. We don't hear any of this and they actually get on the air without pumping the whole rest of the building into oblivion. They have different mixers. Oh okay. Well how about taking this mixer this asshole that's in there right now and firing his ass or it's ass or whatever it is. And get somebody in here that's wonderful operate and admit the fact that there's other people on the air and try to do a job in his place. I mean I realize we're not the big important FM like they are over there. See what you said the other day was right. When we worked over there at Cox, you know we had we used to be GTR and then it was the coast whatever was right next door to each other. And how 105 down the hall right across the wall is another fact. Right ton of the wall that was the other control right. And once in a while I didn't have to plan on a wall because it got loud. They would always turn it down. That was the production. But the people would actually speak to us even though we were on AM. We were underlings. We were like real people. Well we all had good numbers. On like well we do we have good numbers here. Last time I checked on this show. This show. Yeah. Well this is the only one to sign out between 10 and 2. And even if we didn't have good numbers what does that have to do with anything. Whether being treated like a pot. He go and he opens the door to tell us kid you crack it down. And while the doors open all of a sudden just come 50,000 times louder. So it's not by accident. It's by intent. I think you just heard it get louder to have an inner door. That's not going through two doors. No. No. The inner door was already open. And if you could have heard how loud it was inside the inner door. Even with your boxed up ears from over the years. You would have said. Oh. Here's a mobile inform order deal. Hello. Mobile inform order deal. Oh, whatever you say. Whatever. Here's a Naples. Hello. Okay sir. That music was an improvement over most of your callers. Yeah. It's kind of a blast when you know. What is that station? What is what station? That the music was on. It's power 96. It's a station for ten year old tignies with the busted ear drums. Is it a black station? No. It's a, it's a, it's a, who knows. It's an epic station. You know, a spik, spook, whatever. Whoever will turn on that crap. Okay. Just one or two. A little kids. It's about who are all in school right now anyway. Yeah. Talking about Alice by the way. Yeah. Did anyone call you got a month ago? I was thinking about you when he was on a pull. Yeah. I'm politically incorrect. Yes. Well, I did not. Why not? Why would I, what do you mean did I cancel? Okay. That's a horrible show. Now watch Alice when tell socials. I don't want to do it. I did not see it. He had his little print template here. I mean, just, you know, and he had very little to say. Yeah. Of course. There's just one or two. Okay. You want to know what heaven is? You want to know? I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I have a fantasy of being a cult leader. Yeah. I mean, instead of girls going out like Charles Manz and having killed people, just not go anywhere, but just stay at my side and cater to me all day long. Yeah. You know, that's, that would be nice. Okay. Thank you. So, let's do our. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We are a C.P.I.O.N. I'm a. It's a record time. I'm gonna take off my shoes. Drizzle my dress. If they see wet, when I see you can. I'll take it right. I'm going to get to the. It's for my mouth. I wanted merchandise. Merchants, every end on top of you. And take it off my move. I'm taking it. I'm going to give the internet. And mail me through the wall. He are a.P.I.O.N. I want to drink your ball. I want to laugh. While we out, he went to the store. He said, I'll give it a ball. He is a boarding agent. And they get to. At Green Sun. He'll take up his. I want to wrap on the. Around your posting too. And make your wonder. We're. At. Sun. Right. At. Sun. Circle. He. R.E.C. The. I.O.N. I want to drink your ball. Okay. One or three and five. I want to. I want to. I'm going to tell you. Seriously. Just when you think we've experienced everything. There is to experience it. This business. And you come up here on this. TURN.Floor. With these power 96 assholes. Seriously. You're right. It's against the mentality down there. They don't give a crap about anybody else. Stay on the day out. I'm moving that station out on a go on watch an island or somewhere. And let them just crank it up until the guy we have an earthquake. We're dealing with crazy people up here. And we're also dealing with a totally. Spindless. Imped that program director. Who can't get anything accomplished. Who they'd laugh at down there when he goes down there. It tells them that you crank it down a couple of like 20 or 30,000. And we're dealing with a program director on the other. And kid curry. Who you think is such a great guy. And I'm telling you as a whim. Those those mixers that you call them. Those uh, maniacs that are in there. They're where diamond does make a lot on the street corner. How 50 guys like that for three bucks an hour. But the problem in this place is nobody's got any authority around here. Everybody's got a title. We got 75 sales managers. We got 28 program directors. We got pussy galore over here. We got eight million people with titles running around. Can they get anything done? No. Does anybody pay any attention to them? No. And we got a general manager running around drop it as pants. Everybody is purple. That's a very good. Look at that one call on the board during during seeing that was really very productive too. You know what's the effect that had on this show. WQAM. Neil? Yes sir. Anyhow you doing. Okay. Just a quick question for a head over to Las Vegas next month. Anyhow good places to his. What does that mean? What do you mean any good places to hit? What does that mean sir? Well any good restaurants? No. Ruth Chris or no. No. No. No good restaurants sir. How about the couch? What is it? Okay. See what I mean? This is a cesspool this time. This is a absolute cesspool. This is what you got. These are the people driving around out there as you're driving and you're wondering. Jesus Christ, are you going to get home alive today? Is there a chance? These are the people. This is a greatest community service anybody could ever do with this guy in show. It's a clear and present, ever present warning to anybody. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. You have to knew Neil. Yes sir. Good evening to you sir. With regards to your poll you were taken last week. I don't improve the station. Yeah. I've got another question to follow that up also. Yes sir. With regards to heaven. But my suggestion is fire pussy galore. Yeah. You become the program director. No chance. I don't do no PDs no more. I'm not doing that. Okay. Not for Gregory, especially. How about bringing back so angry? Yeah. He's not coming back. Still have he's not coming back sir. Phil is gone. He's in Los Angeles. He's moved on to bigger and better things. There was the child of his chance. He's coming back to this make believe place. So syndicate them. Syndicate you and he. Not going to happen. Okay. And then with regards to heaven. Yeah. Yeah. It's my understanding religion. Holds up the reward of heaven as it as the reward for living a good life. Like if you're a good little boy will give you a lot of pop at the end of the day. Exactly. Now without him. But that doesn't give me any specifics. I want these people to tell me what's supposed to be so great. What's going to be going on there? Well. Because I'm sure I'm going to be there. I don't have that answer. But I want to ask you without heaven without religion. What is the ultimate meaning of life? Whatever you make it. Life is what you make it. Do you remember that old expression? Life is what you make it. Okay. And that old word. Let me ask you this. What about a cockroach? What's the meaning of a cockroach's life? I don't know if you're a Buddhist. What do you have a dog or a cat or a bird? You have a pet? Yes? Okay. What's the meaning of its life? Possibly. Absolutely nothing. If his life is meaningless. Is that what you're saying? You can make that assumption. Yes. No. Their life is not meaning. I got two great dogs. About one great dog and one pain in the ass. I got two dogs and life isn't meaningless. What's the meaning of their life? What's the meaning of their life? They're asking them. They're asking the question of meaning. It's the question of their living, breathing thing that you respect. And they're alive. What's the purpose of a rose? Why does a rose bloom? Why does a flower bloom? Why does a tree grow? They're things that are alive. Why are they alive? They just are. Something's just ours, sir. I know that comes to the great shock to you, but some things are. You know, like crap happens. You saw that, published thicker? So you don't have to search for a meaning there. Exactly. Now you've got it. Excellent. Have a great day, sir. Nice going Neil. Thank you very much. You're a little bit of a male. What was Gary Sarner by the way? I want to desperately want to give him this check. Well. Remember what I wanted to give by the desk for blood, for pussy galore? I'm glad I didn't buy the desk for pussy galore, okay? Unless it was like a temporary one. I mean, this guy, he's got to get the bull by the horns and go down there. Now it's real quiet. Now it's nice and quiet down there. That one of her, do you maybe get in somebody fired or something down there? The new hour is over. The mixing hours is over. Oh, is that what it is? Oh, it's the mixing hour. All I got news for it. We're mixing the mixing hour as far as the loudness is concerned. They can take that and they can stuff it in the red red dome. I mean, purple or not. And this ain't no joke. You know, it's bad not bad enough. Like yesterday, Hank tries to get on the air from Shua's air every day. Because we have an office pool going here every day to a clock. Will it get on the air? Is it going to be on the air or not? You know, is the phone line working? Can hear what's going on today's up there in Louisville, but he, you know, that's a good bed for you. All you compose of gamblers out there. We don't know if he'll get on or not. So it's bad enough. We have to overcome all the technical scrups. Because this is such a cheap ass outfit. It's got one or two engineers running around, trying to do the jobs at 20 people. Staying with equipment. That's from 100 years ago. That's not bad enough. But to have to put up with this kind of craft with a bunch of lunatic punky kids out there down the hallway. It applies to it about a soundproof as your toilet. Yeah. Unbelievable. And this was the great state of the art studios that Mr. Purple asked promised me two years ago. Mr. I'll tell you anything you want to hear if I can get you the sign on a dotted line. And then you come make me a lot of money and make me look like a radio guy, which guess what I'm not? Oh no kidding. Nice purple ass though. Back to him. He's all ass. He's the one guy seriously from head to toe. Regrid he's all ass. He's a walking ass. Nine minutes. Just ask me. I'll tell you. Do you? You? Go to hell. And now the league of retired. To deserve to grow their initiative of greener men. Don't make fun of them. They were very hard for this. They were so proud. Learning their fashion. Learning the fashion. Learning the fashion. Subscribe! Learn your fashion You're watching blah blah blah one one fifteen five sixty wcm remember what i told you about steven nickel and you last do you think steven nickel would tolerate a that crap on a home after all these weeks that would still ever be going on now would not i'm telling you right now he was a heart ass you know he took a couple of good pot on a hallway in the pop them in head he i'm telling you right now you know that's true you know damn well it's true he stormed around at building every now and then we're given an excuse to do it and like uh... you know to his way around all forty pound of it or he's slagged anyway whatever you know this year is uh... i'm sitting here in this chair five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline we're being assaulted by power ninety six by a bunch of pucky asshole punks is what's going on here and we're not going to put up with it okay i'm talking about you i'm going to tell you a little story the last time that this happened to this degree was like before we came on here was between nine and ten more evidently than the other one big mixing hour their their mixing and okay they're mixing and matching their mixing and asking assholes with assholes down there on power ninety six and it was while the morning show was still on and i remember default and y'all the and i don't remember a little dog was out there in a holly he uh... stays under the counter most of the time he's hiding but i remember it's especially default walking out in the hallway like but what are we going to do what are we going to i have never in my life worked with such a bunch of spinoist pussy's ever not even close this is the macho sports station this is the pussy station even a program director's a pussy pussy galore we don't have a pd we got a pg pussy galore and those morning guys you know for it we're not bad enough we got to get the drinking water in here from our colleague and for every body on the side of the building because god forbid they should have to go down there and big for water from the water not he got forbidden on the other side of the building which we don't mind doing that but there's been there because there's two years only like a matter of y'all and a few feet away from where i'm sitting right now they're getting blasted out there between nine and ten the morning today not to ball so open up a month ago that i'll say cut the crap no no pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy that's what we got here w q m the pussy station we get a 90 share with that cut the rage i'm welcome to q a and the pussy station deal yes sir i've got a question for you and i'm willing to bet yeah that i know the answer if you work for an accordion yeah something over the wheel ready to gas be the last borough and tremendous pain yeah and up past or pre-skema routine it's sun just say you'd you could sub-g this and then no no no no no what would you say nothing i'd say get that a lot of you're so certain of absolute that there was hot positive i have been an accident i've had moments i've had a gun held in my head i have had things when i thought i was moments from death never i remember once i was driving on the interstate 94 and detroit and other driving rainstorm and this is many many years ago my car went out of control spun around three times the middle of the road hit the other railing blue aflat and the people behind me under road because some of them stopped eventually thought i was gonna get killed never did it cross my mind about all god and jesus of course not it's a bunch of bullcrap that would make me a phony of course not well i just it's pretty stand that you don't have any faith at all what why is that because it's that why why is it sad why is it even your business what difference does it make you don't care listen i like listen to your show so i have to be uh well why is it sad why how does it somehow diminish me or diminish my life no that that you think you know everything i don't know everything i don't know you're the one if you're a believer and you must claim to believe everything no no no no no the guy hit it on the net i think he was yesterday yeah it's everybody in surfer survival differential i have all the other part of the pile of crap goes you want to stand in the pile of crap written by silly super suspicious men thousands of years ago i had my some of it might be all of it is you can see what you want to select if piety you want to pick and choose what's out there it's not true well what is true it's your belief and what you would the jeez does for you and your belief all the way this doesn't will do anything for me i don't believe in jeez i don't believe there but what's such a person is jeez is but if you want to believe it have a great life and god bless you may god bless you see this is this one i don't understand it's sad and is him that i don't have any faith i have faith in myself that's all i need i have faith in myself i'm not some kind of a weakling like i was just talking about the emotional cripples we got around here don't even have to ball so put up a mouth when somebody's interfering with their job that's when i get psychotic and pissed off when somebody starts interfering with my ability do the best i'm getting paid a lot of money to come here and do a job okay i'm doing a pretty goddamn good job if i say so myself and so the rating saying the spots on the log making a lot of money for these people i have pride in what i do here even on talking to a bunch of long kids on a phone every day nevertheless there's like real living and reading people listening i'm not going to sit back here i have faith in my self i'm assertive i take a you know even an old flag like me asserts myself to the point where i don't take any crap from anybody and if you don't have faith in yourself then you're admitting you're an emotional cripple like most people in this country sad pathetic here's a mobile in candle hello yes sir are you doing today okay listen i i did you were talking about shaming balls the other day and it was a gate thing and everything i shared my ball Listen is because my wife doesn't like to choke on a few peccares and in the sex is so much better yeah without the hair there's no hair on the hair that's your wife oh head bruised five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wattles line sir your testicle should not be in your wife's mouth here's Oakland park hello says that in Exodus in the Bible your testicles are not supposed to be oh yeah yeah what do you got twenty five pounds of small amounts of that it's sir here's a highly a hello new father George is son how's it going new here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello hey new yes sir you're hitting around the head yeah all those big mouth of sports guys you like these summer for me and it's very already complex well maybe that's because they're inferior tell me about it with a complex maybe it's reality are they inferior below the weight to something might be you can get got a chance i i feel it don't bother me i got the smallest penis you'll ever see doesn't it works that's all a counts pal if it works there you go new and have a great time okay audio for hundred open lines now five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wattles line people with no balls people i mean it's not just the question is shaving your balls it's a question to cut them right off of you don't have any you can't cut them off right Kelvin that's right five six seven oh five sixty you know the numbers uh over and over again we keep repeating over and over just to make sure you didn't listen the first two hundred times pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wattles line there they go they're a little bit slow but nevertheless here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello good afternoon Neil good afternoon sir i always i really got a kick out of when you had my lying on about four years ago and he was talking about bob prints doing play by play with the penguins because he we call goals goals scores knit pickers i just wanted to thank i wanted to ask you he think was gonna win the cup and who should win the vizna who should win the vizna yeah i mean if you go on statistics one tug of the if you go by it'll be hashickle get it and i like call rato for the cup my note to be on uh no could you like who do i like yeah i you know i really got a note it you had to pend you see the first run i how can you make a pick now you know no i it depends on who gets on yeah no it's that's one you really can make a pick right now right thanks no okay i have a great thing can you make a pick now i can pick my note no yeah what are your thoughts on that uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh only on to uh uh uh Syracuse game huh share with me your thoughts on that uh uh massive peak uh um Kingston game. Yeah what do you think uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh very young flo ninguna gator team five six seven oh five six they ought to i i'm getting that see and the bigator used to make me angry now i'm getting the biggest laugh out of the adult me this guy he was alright but uh uh uh uh uh the the sports nerds that call this station the other twenty hours today uh oh uh I mean we got horrible callers too but Jesus Christ our calls are fantastic compared to those it would knit with knit with uh very young floored The last call of the morning show this morning about how the dolphins are going to Super Bowl this guy is predicting is anybody care what his prediction is. Of course not. Well, what's the point? Like I continue to say, oh, the least are going to sweep right through the Stanley Cup. You know, wishful thinking, I don't have any idea. They've even played one play off game yet till tomorrow night. Anybody. So I'll, you know, wait and see and analyze the situation. And like I said, whoever's getting hot and played at the peak of their game, those peaks of 20 years, they'll probably win it. But here's the guy that's calling. They haven't even gotten some of these guys out of their jail uniforms yet. They are dolphins. And, oh, Super Bowl. And it just turns people like me off. People are like fair-minded, irrational people. Turns us off, you know. Much of scumbags, much of low-life scumbag illiterate goons. And we're supposed to like root for these people and let them are tangible support financial or otherwise, or at least emotional. I say screw them. I say FM. FM is in the list junior. There's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Okay, sir. All right. It's five to two people off. While you got off our splits, they're turning in on this station. It turns them off the year bunch of quit. It's talking about hockey. Well, I guess, let me tell you something pal. We'll be off into a clock. So it's going back in when you hear about the Kentucky Derby, which I'm sure you know often about two. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixy. And it's been interesting that some of us clears no more about hockey than you'll ever know. And by the way, that's a real man sport, even managed to that. Yeah. That's a real man. Not a bunch of pussy's like your football players and baseball players that you're going to get a hang nail. They're running a screaming at the locker room. And out for six weeks, like Jerry Sheffield with his $85 million salary. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi, how you doing? Okay. Okay. I want to talk about a great athlete. And that is the hockey. All right. So, a little bit horses. I never hear anything bad about them. They're very small. They're small, but they're like padvallins. Whereland is cocaine problem. You never hear anything bad about them. I don't know. Wait a minute, Neil. Yeah. That's one out of him. He's a hockey player. No, I'm not your great athlete. But I mean, you say never hear anything bad about them. They're a hockey player. And what happens? They throw them out of their do they not? They want? They will not let them lie. Well, eventually after the first 200 mistakes, they're like other athletes. They keep it in the second chance in a tenth chance. Like anybody else in sports, they keep it in too many chances. Well, I don't think. How many chances did padvallins whereland has? Well, yeah. Okay, but that's one of the him and he's hockey. And I mean, that's what happens. Okay, it's just like in harness racing. We have drivers in harness racing. Some of them are great athletes as well. And they do all kinds of things and fix races and slap them on a wrist. They go away for a couple of weeks or a couple of months. And then they come back over and over again. So it's, you know, it's the same old thing. Let me ask you one thing. Why would the NFL let them even think about? Because the NFL, if you would read that book, pros and cons, we'd argue to understand the national felony doesn't care. They never met a criminal. They didn't like the only people they don't like are the gamblers. Because that makes it look like the games are fixed and reflect on the league. But as far as anything else beating up your women, anything you do, they don't care about it. That's why. Okay, I have a great day. Okay, that's a truth. You all know that's a lot in by that book, pros and cons. I mean, that's what it's all about. You heard about it on this show and speaking of that guy that called before, this is the show that talked about the truth. This guy can't handle it. He's the emotional cripple. Because he's got to have his football football. That's what he's got to have. Let's put apparently a lot in his stand. The Show. Aww. Third Call, seventh to where the show is. There's just two Bolsa. Well why there's street food? That's too rich. Again, if you saw that, I waited till the end of everybody. Okay. Don't fight them, don't fucking do that. Now, we're in a deal with John's father. Now we're in a deal with John's father. Now we're in a deal with John's father. Now we're in a deal with John's father. And there's a me away. All right. 132 and 560 W to QM their three words. Okay. If you wonder about all this religious crap, three words, I want you to impose right right on your forehead, right among your wrists, right among your back. Don't ever be like fear of death, those three words. If you take those three words away, no more religion. And you hear this, just one of these calls after another. Like the guy that's the call of a few calls are going to like about, what's the purpose of life? And I can vote what the purpose of life is of his dogs or his cats or his birds or whatever pet he's got. Oh, there's no purpose. Now let me ask you this, what would be the rationale of all these other living things? Their lives are meaningless, but our life has some spare, any wonder like because we made that up. Man made, well crap for our own convenience, just like all of all these idiots that wrote the Bible, all for their own convenience from their own perspective. To reinforce their own prejudices and stupidity and superstition. That's all. But if you take away the fear of death, I mean, we have no cockroaches step on it. It's there. You say, all right. You know, you dog dies well. It's very sad, but we realize dogs are going live like, you know, 10, 15 years, whatever kind of greed it is. Elephant, if dies, yeah, let's say, but you know, find a big box and we'll, you know, how are they bury elephants probably? You ever stop and think about that? Which ones do you want to use? Any elephants? Well, I guess they don't bury the ones out in the jungle. The ones in the zoo, of course, when the elephant dies, where the hell are they buried? I think they carve them up in the cell in the street. And they're stuck in the trunk? Yeah. You guess it must be a big trunk. Seriously, elephant dies. And what was the purpose of its life? What is the meaning of life? It sounds like I'm almost like a mighty python thing now. Like the meaning of life. That's what you guys ought to do. I got to go out and read the movie or even buy it. Buy it because then you can watch it over and over again. The meaning of life, mighty python. Then you'll look exactly all the answers. There aren't no answers. It's a bunch of crap. Okay? Just like that thing I was talking about yesterday. How do you go? How do you do all these things post life when you've got no heart, no brain, no senses? And I ain't got no body. Just keep singing that over and over again. And maybe you'll start something we'll click. You know, you can't see God with no eyes, with no brain. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. We're dead. Because once your brain sees the function, even if the heart is still beating, even if the food blood is still flowing, you're dead. You're dead. D-E-D, dead. Oh no, not humans. Only animals. Guess what? I know animals, many of them, including my golden retriever, a lot better than most of the people I've known to my or many of them. Like I said, most of the people I've encountered in my life. Not even a contest. But what's the purpose of it? What? To do the best you can. You know, eat a few meals, ragged tail, take a good shot, and then, you know, bye-bye. That's it. Oh no. Yo, yes. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good, sir. Good. Neil, two things. Little little panters, fire report. I was down on Fort Arnold Beach at the elbow room, and eight of our panzers were down there off season, bonding. Uh-huh. You can get a warrel and Lindsey and Whitney. My hands are good looking, got it. Yes, you can. Uh, sister rally, et cetera. And it's amazing. The thousands of people that walked, they were in a very, very high-cote, a profile table, and people that we walked by had no idea who they were. People were. Of course not. Just completely. I know that most of the people in the arena when they're playing the game, but the uniforms on don't know who they are. So, why would you expect an honest people as the elbow room? No, they were. Well, I guess that's a good point. Yeah, I have high profile seats. Um, uh, one of the things, now, when you call somebody other shows, the producer asked what your name, what do you want to talk about? Right. Is that for just movement of the show? No, it's contrived. And it's some of the worst radio in the history mankind that's, I despise contrived radio. Who the hell cares what they want to talk about? Put them on. See, that's another thing. I noticed that if somebody rips some of the people on this station, they always dump it. I don't dump anything unless it's got a four-letter word. It's just, I'm totally obnoxious and can't be on the ear. But some of the other people, you have your assault in skin, that if somebody calls them a name or says they're a fat sloth, dump it. Dump it, dump it. Wait, which makes it boring? They don't understand that, you know, it goes with the territory. So that's just basically so the top show of the scene, what's coming up, it could pick a choosily talk to. Uh, I guess. Uh, right. So we got the undesirable. Oh, yeah, right. Well, they must not be doing too good of a job. See, we don't worry about that. We want some of the undesirable to show you, like I said, a good cross section of what swill this town is. And we're doing a, a swill job if I say so myself. Especially today. We've had some great calls today. I'm not talking about good calls, great calls. See, there's a difference. That's what a lot of you don't understand. Like the kid that called about the, you know, one of the here, myiness smells real, uh, 20. 23 before two at five, 60. And that of course, one to call the seven time to get a little bit old. 23 before the R2A, we got Hank from the Louisville, the Kentucky Derby draw today. Any interest in that? Oh, little jockey's up there. Those great little workmen, who are sweating off in the, uh, hot house. And that what they're doing in the steam and all they do, they have to keep that low weight. They puked, they get on their hands and ease. They puked their guts out. They sweat it off. They run it off. They, uh, yank it off anything they can. Those poor little bastards, those poor little midgets. A dirty to me. You call that a peanut? No. Why Tuesday? We got a dog. Oh, an arpotutor dog. Why Tuesday? We got a dog. Everybody's gonna die. Careful, well-pugged. We're burning the fire. The car's at the analogous scene. Is that something for tomorrow? If you believe me, it's just a world. You're a piece of heart, getting a ratchet knocking. Or do you feel there, you're no longer alive? I'm telling you. I've come to the door. Probably some asshole from power 96. You know, there are a bunch of shmucks. It's by the way, everybody turn off power 96. Don't ever turn it out again or you're gonna go to hell. I just found that out. We just got the minceite information. That if the income, if the final day, Armageddon happened, didn't you listen to power 96? You go straight to hell. No reprieved, no purgatory. No even limbo. In fact, what they do is they say, to let them make you listen to the rest of limbo for eternity, for the rest of time. Old tapes. What the hell? I thought I thought I'd all got. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, the fear of death. Let's hear anyone refute that. Okay. Let's hear, first of all, like I said yesterday, and of course, people get very upset about that. That's what it's meant to really just off the edge of the cliff yesterday. Because most people, even if they profess to believe it, even if they go to all these services, they show up and they put all the trots he's on their head. And they put the wine in their mouth and they all the other stuff. Whatever they put in their mouth, they don't believe it. They say that they do, but they don't. But they don't want to admit that because then somebody might find out. And they're so terrified of dying, just in case to cover their, vacuum or poor rectum. They better say that they really believe it. Because maybe the Lord will believe that they, maybe we can, you know, then they'll say about you can't kid a kid or, well, maybe we can kid the Lord. Here's a lady in Fort Latterdale, hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Hi, Neil. I was listening earlier, and I heard that salesman for Res One. Yeah. And you said you had a hundred this morning without pills. Uh huh. Are you back on the Atkins die? Yes, and I'm not losing any weight, but at least he's not blood sugar, nice and low. Oh, you're not losing weight on it? Not an ounce. Oh. Okay. I mean, I lost about 15 pounds, and then I just for weeks now, I'm just in limbo. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just in limbo. But at least my blood sugar is good in that field, right? Well, I know. I'm on all kinds of pills and stuff. I'm trying to get off the material. Yeah, off of that you can. Yeah, because this is if you're heart-traveling. Uh huh. That's right. And Res One also, I have a friend that takes back new diseases to get off it. Well, tell me you're bringing flowers. Yeah. Good luck sweetheart. Always right after me, it's something else. Uh huh. Remember, when you used to work at the devastation, where you stayed? With what? Steve. I think we've been right now to just make it. No, he just, uh, once he started, he's like a butterfly like a comedian. Once he started getting real tight with her expiterment, then all of a sudden he became a right wing nut. And then they say, you know, Alice, or I tell him, he, he, he, he, he, he, it became a right wing nut. It was like a disease. You know, it was catching. It is. Yeah. I love you. Well, guess what? We don't listen to him. And, uh, if you're smart, you won't either. Maybe you can throw some of those pills away. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T, where I was lying. Oh, Sandy's not on anymore. I don't know what we're going to do. I heard, you know, who I listen to this morning? I listen to JNA, 12 30 with my knee rea in the morning. And he also, I, I got ahead to told Mikey, you know, say what you will. And his show is, I mean, desperate now. But he, he just keeps plugging him right along. He don't, I didn't hear any phone calls. I heard the Sean Toler, the, the traffic weather guy calling. You know, but, but he just keeps ramble along. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but but, but, there's a guy. There is a, certainly, he just keeps plugging away. He's sad, it's tragic. Nice going bobgreen and bobneaux. Waking people gets stabbed in the back in his business and, and, of course, they screwed up, I, oh, D, and they put on Chuck Meire, and it was a bummer laid a big hit, and I'll. That was the beginning of the end. Nice going there. Bob, I beg them. don't mess with success, don't screw around. If it's not broken, don't fix it. And little Bob Neal at little piece of that twerp that little twerp, I'm telling you, never trust little guys. Never trust little guys. Georgia's an exception, maybe. We haven't found out yet. But for the most part, that's a good statement of egg. Don't trust little guys because they got a complex. They got that Napoleon complex. And so they got to like boss everybody around and destroy people's life. Just like people, you're he's a little twerp, a little weasel, a little backstabbing. Fuck, fucking piece of crap. Don't trust people like that because they're out to get you to try to overcome their inferiority complex. And it's not a complex, like I said before, when it's real, it's not a complex, it's reality. Bob Neal, you are inferior. We hate you like poison. Am I starting to get to mess it through, huh? Oh, he's got better things to do than to come all the way down to Miami and tell us that he's the, they sold the station. He's got better things to do. You're all these people are sitting in there. All our livelihoods are lives are hanging in the balance. And he's got the gall of balls, the huts butt to make a comment like that. And then go out about, well, they try everything they could make money with it. But now they're given the passion, you know, maybe he can make you lose your make money with you losers, you know. You little, midget piece of crap. My dog's both dropped every morning in the yard that's 100 times better than you'll ever be, okay? Peace is swirl, right? And let me give you the best piece of advice, like I said, if you kid the, the young people, if you don't ever have to work for somebody else, don't do it. Go in a business for yourself. Open up a shoe shine stand. Maybe someday you'll have a chain of shoe shines. There's anything before you have to dehumanize and work for other people, okay? Because more often than not, the people you work for, number one, their assholes, number two, they know less than you and number three, they treat you like crap. And number four, they know to appreciate a goddamn thing you do for them. Like around here. We got a boss that comes in here yesterday, shows this his purple ass and that, and you know, people think I made that up. You got a very, you were witness. You saw it. You're a close and person. Oh yeah, even close. I'm gonna reach out your title. Oh Jesus, what a thought that is. God. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Got the answer to heaven. Yeah. Well, from what the, and I got the belief, they think that you go to heaven. Yeah. That. When you go there. Okay, let me get my snake out and rattle with a while, listen to this. Go ahead. If they put it, yeah, put it, put you in a, oh, it is. If put you in a way, you say, you don't wake up. Yeah. And how you do it? Is that before after you drink the cool I need to tap you open, chop your nuts off. Why do you flee into the apocalypse? So actually, you don't go to heaven. They just take you up and you flee. So you're in limbo. Exactly. You're waiting. Yeah. Okay. I love power on these things. All right. All right. And you got a J. I want to jump? Yeah. Okay, go over there. If you can keep the music down to where you are, they'll roar your heart. You know, I realized that this building, of course, is a piece of crap because this company wasn't going to spend it. And Gregory walks around with another lie. Oh, the contractors assured us it would be some proof. Oh, yeah. I'm really a break. Keep ass out fit. That's why it's not some proof. And you know, he ought to be able to run in there as loud as he wants. And it shouldn't be able to hear it. But, you know, ought to and can are two different things. And so if the question or whether we have a little consideration for each other, we're sitting in here in a vacuum. We don't have a window to the outside. We stay in here basically the entire four hours. We don't mess with anybody else. We're not looking to jam our speakers up to lay bounce off the wall to screw up other people's work. It's just the way it is, you know? It's just the way it is. So you have to like adjust the way it is if you have a little bit of consideration for other people. But unfortunately, like I told you over a year ago, when we first came to work for this bump for a conflict, they got a little bunch of people in here. And so I was going back to Greg Reed, you know? Like he's a little inner circle there, the privileged few, the untouchables, who can do whatever they want. And because their buddies would Greg, nothing will be said. And it's the same way they're with power 96. They got a bunch of small kids working for that outfit. I'm telling you man, they don't speak to you. They don't look at with that old care, but it's just a whole idea of the attitude. Like, hey, guess what? Art, well, stick man, you're a bunch of AM flunkies. You're a bunch of assholes over there. I'm going to tell you, if you took the collective IQ of all the people listening to power 96 right now as I speak, and added together, it wouldn't wind up to, ah, that's right. It's still being a minus column. And everybody with a brain knows that. Listen to that, swirl at their pumping out. And then the best part is they got a deaf kid working and they're who's been a DJ for so many years that is hearing his blown out. And they got a deaf kid working there doing the mixing between one and one. They wonder why he keeps jamming it up so that the buildings fall into part. On acceptable is what it is, okay, unacceptable. And we still got our little pussy galoresit in the program director's office at a little teeny tiny table. It looks like a high chair. It does. Looks like, like, like a kid's high chair for a little baby. All we need to give him is a rattle and little spoon that like bang on top of that little thing he's sitting there. Oh, but Greg's got a deaf guy, anybody believe it? No, no, we'll believe it when we see it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.