This is Sports Radio 560. The QAM Miami Fort WaterDance. Sports Radio 560. The QAM Miami Fort WaterDale presents the Neil Rogers show. We're talking to Neil, called 560-568 toll free for David Broward. Or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest-coller's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560. QAM. This is your home on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. There's some of the past in front of the net. Broward's trying to get a shot. And it was like another shot. What better than God! God! Sir, get a bar of thought. That's for Toronto. On the power of May 59, 22nd, and this place has become a war. Well, all right! Sports fast. My aim is to... My aim is to... My aim is to... My aim is to... My aim is... My aim is to... My aim is... My aim is to... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... I get the all-light cut little sinkers. If I'm a little fan that comes right out here, it's sinkers. Want a copy and me and do exactly like I do. Get paid to write little songs about poo poo. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which signal I'm going to fart on. You thought the drag asked? You know, maybe you passed good. No. What do I spell as? Can you look with? Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always spell. like I always smell, I thought ripping gas in the juice was pretty swell. I got this job when I took my jeans off and fought so hard and turned my under way backwards, like Chris Crosse. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner man, then fought at my ass, fast little fat, they too ain't too fat. Smell this honey. Yo, just wait a minute, bro. Don't give a big shot. I said me to stick the world up. My ain't it? My ain't it? My ain't it? My ain't it? My ain't it? My ain't it. My ain't it? I just see you want to meet your couch back in Jivhiha. The problem was, I told my son, that my ass and died. I shot him in the face with my neighbor, it was happened later when I covered his desk with his toilet paper. Who was walking in his street club? My desk was fulfilled. Moose the ball tennis took a dump in a tip curve. Went over to a dancer, had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I do shoes of father. 99 cent of my life I would lie to. I just fell down, my mom got all gas and I do. I told her I'd throw up to be a famous rapper. They were back at Bout's range, going this. They'd all the crap out. You know you would dirt when the women rush to leave. You'd rather hold the back foot, you'd let me get relieved. This guy watched Gatson's sit-up was pretty cool. But I had to go, go drop the kids off and move. My aim is... My aim is... Oh! My aim is... Oh! My aim is... My aim is... ...smell... ...my aim is... ...my aim is... ...my aim is... ...smell... You know if the hair is nowhere to start with, and that's so much crap. Man, I am loaded. I wasn't coming back with a cold dog, dammit. I felt great every day. My vacation has come back to town yesterday afternoon. And here this morning, George has got a cold, Boka Brands got a cold, Greg Reed, who was perpetually sick in every possible way. He's got a red nose like Sadie Claus. He's got a cold. And I'm coming down. I feel I can scratch it right now. But that's okay because now... Did you go through these on the air on Friday or what? We hit the highlights. Hello, there we go. Yeah. Just a highlight. The highlights of what? The other morning, had a great book and Hank had a gigantic enormous book, which will tell you why in a second. And we went through the absolute room. I'm a show. Yeah, good. And I see some very serious bonus money in the wings here is what I see now. Yeah, overall QA, number two, and then 2554, just missing out being number one of that goddamn big. Which other than the Howard has got nothing on that station at all, but nevertheless, six points, six. Number two, and then 2554 here on QA and overall. In fact, if the Marlins would maybe have won one or more to two more games, we might actually have an audience there at night, which we don't. They actually went up a little bit at night, but not too much. Six to 10 a.m. five, two to a five eight night, it's going to go and go. It's a little defo in a hall this morning. I keep ripping you guys. You'll be up to an eight-year-in-o time. That's what it's all about. I'm telling you right now. I don't want to take any credit for it, but I will anyway. Just keep ripping these guys in action. All of a sudden it becomes like almost bliss in the body now. See what Tyler got to do next. Midday, look at that. From a nine in the fall book from a nine point to a 10.7. And that's from 10 to three. And with all the respect of the fat one there, and you have to do it in the Latin Juganda book, with all the respect to Hank, that means we did over an 11-year-in- men 2554, number one by a country mile. Oh, how do you like that? Nice calling. Thank you. You have a great trip, yes. I've got to talk about doing your business on a train, by the way. You haven't done any business on a train. What kind of business? Either you, I'm not talking about sex. This isn't some kind of filthy, perverted sexual, like you were doing with Joe last week when I was away, you know? Thank God that on back to bring this show back to a little bit of class, instead of this perverted sex crap, rubbing people's feet and rods running around here with their boobs hanging out. You thought this was the goddamn Ron and Ron show from what I'm hearing. And how are they doing, by the way? Yeah. So anyway, afternoons, the Humphor, look at this, just rising from the ashes, just when everybody had counted him out for whatever reason. And I told him, stop doing those stupid press conferences, stop playing those long boring, ponderous press conferences on a year Hank. You'll be back up there in no time at all. From a 5.1 to a 7.1, we know something, that's 3 to 7. So you know that's 6 to 7 hour with all apologies to Fat Booge, which by the way, is he still that fat? Do we ever get the thing on the, I guess I've been in the building? No, I wonder why, oh, they can't get him in. Maybe they'll lower him in with a crane through the roof like they do with air conditioning units. Maybe they'll lower him in through the roof one of these hooks that we can put him on at meat scale. See who wins the pool. And whatever happened at the cash in that pool, by the way, if we can't get him in the building. Whatever happened in the cash that was in the kitty, I get it all. Okay. Well, there's George's bonus, what was there by 20 bucks in there? 7.0, that's between 3 and 7. I mean, I bet you're Hank did like about an 8-year admin. Well, that made just be his biggest book ever on this station. You think so? I saw an air fatsau. Hank will be on from a shoelace day to this afternoon. And even at night time, we went up a little bit, but I started the same moment to go. One of the reasons, I don't want to, you know, take anything away or pee on Hank's parade. Because everybody on the station did real well, even nights went up a little bit and spread of those great marlins. But the real reason is secret weapon here, and you know who pointed this out this morning? Which, of course, I hadn't looked at this that much yet. I just got my fan ass back in time. The real secret weapon we got going is. That's the weapon right there. She's the one, maybe. What did I tell you about that whole deal, huh? They went up nicely in the morning and were picking up. I mean, they went up just like I said, nice enough, so that it was a meaningful number. Like from a 0.9 in the last book to a 2.8, which I mean, 2.8 is spectacular. But for that, it's gigantic. So just exactly what I predicted, they would do well. They would certainly do much better than your favorite John Ford. That piece of crap. And whatever the other swirl was they had in the morning on their 50,000-watt guide to the station. Nice going, people, are you jackass? You're a simple then despise and hated by all. They hate your life, plays it. They wish you crook a wicked death. And then come back and do it again. They don't want you to die just once. They want you to die, come back to life, I get like Jesus. And then again, die again. Die again. You know, and that's it, never stop. You know what I'm saying? She did a number, and she dropped right into the old book. If you look at the bottom of your bowl right now, you may be, look, see something that resembles Brooke. Especially if you just had like bad bowl of grits this morning, look at the bottom of your bowl and you'll see something that looks exactly like Brooke, the battling Brooke. She had a number and a half in there. They're having a search party to find that guy, damn number. That's how bad it was. I'll tell you what it was right now, it's matter of fact. I won't keep you in suspense because I'm sure that you want to like fall on the floor and laughter. When you hear from what Rick and Suds did in the fall, just what I predicted to do by the way, nice going, you know, you have from a 5.1 share in men, men 2554. That's our demo that we care about, okay? From a 5.1 in the fall book with Rick and Suds to a 1.9 with a bad luck. You forget that out, okay? What is that? Two turds? Yeah, she lost two turds. Unbelievable, nice going, Peter. Where the last great hope for this town is WQAM, I'll tell you that right now, that's why we went through the roof on a whole station. The people in this town finally got their act in gear. They finally understood that the last great hope you've got for anybody who's speaking in glaze in this town who's lighter than the thing of charcoal, this is the only place you got, baby, this is it. Even if you can't stand y'all these voice, what do I tell you about how great they're morning show was going to do tonight? Oh, Julia, he's the secret goddamn weapon they keep telling you and they're going to see if he's still on here, it's goddamn he's still on there. Yeah, he's still on, that's right. And they can't turn it off, they're other, they're astonished, they can't believe it. He's still on there, making those sounds. Then we got the guy in the middle of the day, he's making those sounds. And then we got the guy in the afternoon is making those sounds. And the guy like after him was making even bigger like, yeah, sound. I'm just all worked up 10 out of 10 to 10 at 5, 60 WQM. If you're worked up about like with an appetite, how about heading for the Airmull Coast Chinese buffet? Because nobody anywhere in the universe, probably even in China offers you more food at a more reasonable price. And I'm talking about great delicious fresh Chinese food and lots more too. Hundreds of mouthwatering chicken dishes and beef dishes and the pork dishes and vegetarian dishes and salad dishes. And they also have a fantastic sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki chicken and steak and shrimp and seafood prepare to your order along with handcarb primer of a sushi bar, a salad bar featuring fresh shrimp cocktail too. And at the airmull Coast, they use only the best, best ingredients, only cholesterol, for you can oil, never even think about using any MSG and airs you'll be with a big smile on your post, not a screaming headache. Also, try to leave room because they've got a dessert bar with cakes and pies, chocolates, cream puffs, mounds, the first food like even the heaven watermelon. Ice cream with all the toppings, a full bar with beer wine and cocktails too. It is unbelievable and not two emerald Coast locations. The original one in Sunrise is on Pine Island, half-laner of the open park. Boulevard, the second location on Collins, Abon, 163rd in North Miami Beach, take out and deliver available as well, a little bit of reservations accepted. The emerald coast voted number one Chinese and town by the readers of the Sun Sentinel, you tried once and you'll agree to. This will give you the real thing, your NL. We are E.C.P.I.O.N. If there's a record sign, come on and take off my shoes, drop off my dress. If they can't be wet, when I see you can, I'll bring your wrapped up, that's to the big four-by-mouse. Oh, right. I bought it. Merchant every end of top of you and take it out my lubricated food suit. Give me an airwrapped sign. Okay. A.L.C.P. to the wall. E.R.E.P.I.O.N. I want to drink our ball. I want to love it. Well, we have you and you soon, to her home. And then I'll give it a blow. Workwork? Here's a boarding ticket. Let's take it. That means something to you. Take up the top on your breakfast around your pool thing too. And make your wonder where McClow is. That's something, right. And it's on circumstance. Oh. E.R.E.P.I.O.N. I want to drink our ball. E.R.E.P.I.P. That's a sheet of five, six, two, one. I'm definitely coming down with something. So we'll better see our first with lots of food that they celebrate the big gigantic QAn plus winner ratings book. I don't know if this place goes through the roof. You know, when Greg stuck his head in his red nose in here for just a couple of moments that it can gradually be on a great book. I should have said, hey, now that you got all those money coming in here, you're cheap, bastard. But now they won't do it, see. This is just like what happened at the old I, three years ago. They discovered that, you know, they could actually get very good numbers. And numbers even like these every now and then, certain books without doing any promotion, though. So why should they spend the money? Huh? Now, the FM, for example, which I noticed that Power 96 with their loud up notches music is number one and midday 18 to 34. All those punks out there 18 to 34 number one by a mile. I mean, they could buy that audience, you know, because that audience needs money for drugs. So naturally, they just give away a lot of money. And they're tuned in. Whatever station gives away the most money, whether it's Y100, Power 96. And that's the reason that all our people on QAn, most of them are making squat. Like George and Joel and most of the other hungerlings around here, they're making crap. Because we have to pay for all these group balls we got down the hall at Ramon that the walls down. So speaking of ramming it, by the way. I was just telling George, we were in the Kalo and Germany within like half an hour. After we get off the train from Amsterdam, when Kalo and Germany had a German sausage in our mouths. Oh, what's wrong with that? No, that's not that. No, that's perfect for the ant and God would tell you right now. Kalo and Germany, one of the most beautiful cities you will ever see in your life. Upscale. They have all these like, I'm trying to think like Lincoln Road Mall is the only thing I can think of here. There would be the equivalent streets that are like shopping streets with no traffic, closed traffic. Just walking shopping streets. But I mean, just tons and tons of these upscale artsy, artsy shops and the stores. Everybody well dressed, only one problem. They're too many goddamn Germans. But other than that, huh? Great place. So we're taking the train from Amsterdam to Kalo, which takes about two and a half hours is about five, six stops. Not bad at all. And I'm sitting there and in first class of course, God like me, Oh, don't let me forget about Virgin Atlantic. I got to do an hour on them. So I get bumped up to upper class again every time. Thank you by the way, Richard. Virgin Atlantic, man, what an airline. I'm going to do at least three hours on him. The best. So anyway, we're on this train. And when you cross the border from Holland into Germany on the train, they come on and the guy says he announces, from this point forward, the this train will be in the hands of the German police. Yeah, right. And it's just, I don't know, maybe it's just something in my background. Yeah, like that. I don't know what it is. But there's just a, you know, like they're here on a backier next. Starts rising. You just rub your kind of the wrong way, especially through Jewish. From now on, this train will be in the hands of the German police. You will have a good time. You will sit in your seat, start up and that'd be a good boy. And you will not make no mess in the train. So speaking of making a mess. So I'm sitting there and they have like a, a little dining room car in between the first and the second class. And there's nobody in there. Nobody eating because it's a rip off. And there's nobody in there. Nobody knows that. And that was very nice. So if you wanted to sandwich or whatever, as long as you answer it politely, I guess. And so the guy comes by to stamp your ticket. You're train triggered. Any stance? And I said to him, where are the restrooms? Where's the, uh, there he points. You know, it is in the general direction like behind where I'm sitting. So being adventurous, I go and look there and it's right right behind the cover. It can be nearly. But never having done all I had to do with the score. It's clearly. Okay. Thank God. I'm taking any kind of a, a limited, a limited, a limited, a thing. A leak or a dump on a train. I don't know that. Do you have a leak? Do you see where it goes? No, I didn't. You didn't see where it goes. It's a good idea. Where it goes. What? Huh? I'm standing there taking a leak. Okay. And of course, the train vibrates much more than a, your average plane. Unless a plane like drops 10,000 feet, you know, which it does every once in a great while. Not too often. And God, but the train is vibrating on the tracks. So I guess it's not a good idea to stand there holding your. Too hard for too long. You had a too much vibration. Good. Have an accident. But at any rate, so that you're a holding on to like the thing there and you're taking a leak. And you're looking straight down. And maybe you never look down. You're not a quisitive enough. Didn't you wonder where it goes? Have we had this conversation about on a plane? I used to think that when you did a on a plane, it would like just go into space. So would like you dissipate before hit your roof. Most of the time doesn't go on the tracks over there. It goes on the tracks to loose. Let's track. Not in this country. Not no more. Well, over there it does. Used to be that way. Well, over there it does. And these are very, this is a very nice train to this isn't some slumped. It like a freight train. This is a very nice, you know, hot shot first class cabin. And you're, and you're, I'm looking down at the bottom. And I thought I saw water. Wait down at the bottom. And then I realized that that was like it was like an optical illusion. There was no water down there. It was thin and it was the tracks. And I thought, and then of course I become fascinated. And I'm watching the urine trickle down that long tube that goes right to the bottom of the train. And out onto the tracks. I felt like I was watering part of Germany. Like payback is a bit you know. I'm talking about, yeah, get even with those Nazi bastards. So you know, I go back and I said, down. I'm telling John about this whole thing about how you take a leak and it goes on the track. And then I'm starting to think to myself, what happens if you have to do more serious business? Is in two loose-blood wreck? Huh? I'm a track. Seriously, and oh, and there's a sign inside the bathroom that says, Please do not use this laboratory while the train is stopped at, is that any stops? For obvious reason. I mean, can you see something getting ready to board the train? All of a sudden, oh, geez, look at that. Drop it right on the bottom. A little pile. Oh, God. That's how they do it. How would they do it here? Where does it go here? It's like a bus that has a holding tank. It has the port of John system that they drain. Oh, what a waste of time that is. They don't have to do it over there in Europe. I mean, what's wrong with Pune on the tracks? Huh? Pune, nothing. Well, yeah, that's another story. So it's always a good idea. Not to have too much silver tall before you get on a train, especially if you're like a 2 1 1 hour train. What's wrong with that? What do you think of that? All these different things that you encounter. If you ever get there a lot of here, which by the way, speaking of getting on here, I'm coming to my hotel in Amsterdam one day. I think it was on Thursday. No, it was Friday, Queen's Day. That's the big hysterical holiday. They have April 30th every year to honor the Queen of Netherlands, Queen B-Trix. Not the kind of Queen's year thinking about. Although I'm sure there were plenty of them there too. Besides me. What are you doing? You're just checking. I got the fun to have an idea. Your turn in that episode here on Friday, which I'm very pleased by the way. Only because misery loves company. I'm glad I had a somebody who happened to somebody besides me, where the phone he was going on and on and on. And it looked like nobody was calling. Like now, but I'm used to it. It's Monday. You know, they want to hear my stories. And even if they don't, I'm going to tell them anyway. So on Queen's Day, what you have, you don't ever want to go to Amsterdam on Queen's Day. Please, I beg you. Don't do it. Although maybe that guy will call who I met. I'm walking through the lobby of my hotel. The grand-crashing of Polsky Hotel, right on the damn right in the heart of downtown Amsterdam. And here's what I hear. Hey, Neil. And here's one of my listeners there with his young lady friend or wife, whoever she was, girlfriend, I think, standing at the counter. She's going to be kind of like a suspicious look. But he was very friendly. Good guy. And you walk out on the streets on Queen's Day. They're like, I would say three, four, maybe 500,000 people all over the whole downtown area. The streets are closed down there. The stores are almost all closed except for several restaurants. And the streets are just teeming with every person in the Netherlands between the Age of Art would say 16 and 25. They're off. They're just just masses and masses and masses of people. And you can't walk. And I'm not one of those people. It's claustrophobic. That's terrified by big crowds. Yeah, they're not in that spot. I mean, otherwise I wouldn't go to ball games. I've like that. I don't mind crowds, but I don't get that too crazy about walking into a situation where it's like chaos. Where it's like man and people start pushing and shoving like at a soccer match. You know, when they start with that crap. And I'm like gagging on it, so to speak. And the crowd too. And the finally I discovered that there's a way to enjoy this. You know, if you just learned to get it with the rhythm of the way the crowd is walking. And you get, you kind of like sandwich yourself in between the right people, you know. And you do like with the elbows and the elbows. You know, excuse me and grab it out of people because there's tremendous pushing from all directions. And you can't help but push up against all kinds of flesh. Talk about, you know, feeling the flesh. That's wrong with that. Excuse me. That's an old trick from a million years ago. Oh, I've seen lots of guys. Oh, geez. Sorry. But I don't ever go there on that day. It's just it's just chaotic and psychotic and like the end of the world. It's so getting back to virgin and ladder gear lines. The greatest here's the way for you to go. I have no idea how much you cost for coach because the guy like me don't fly like slippers in coach. Okay. I don't fly in. But even in coast, they have like little TVs at a VC. And we paid for premium economy. Now those of you who ever flew over there on Martin there. Martin there is okay. If you don't mind like sitting like a sardine, I can't even imagine what coach on Martin there would be like. I find what they call star class, which is their business class. And it's like 1700 bucks around trip in business class and Martin there for my me to answer them. They do for a fly non stop to write. That's good. That's part. But it's like flying in a sardine can and the food is. Oh, delicious. And Martin there. But on virgin and lanic man, the first thing they do when you're in upper class, which thank you Richard. It was great. They bumped us up to upper class. Which is like, you know, first class on his big 747. There's nothing like a 747 boys and girls. When you're going to be in the air for hours and hours. And you fly to Heathrow and London. And then you fly from that bar bearer to little old outdated report. But over Amsterdam, it's a little half an hour. Hop in a jump. The first thing they do is the young lady who'd like in charge of the plane. She comes over and asks she offers you a complimentary massage. Kind of like what scan you had going on here on Friday. It was a public service. Yeah, that a public service. And I looked at her. I said, no, thank you. But they didn't have to worry. I stay off your little massage for big massage, depending on well. Depending on how big it is. And that's just the beginning of a good stuff. And they give you a menu. You have like four or five different choices. The food is sensational. They're friendly. They're great. They're on time. In fact, we got back yesterday at half hour early. Head of schedule. Once the last time you heard of that on transatlantic flight. Half hour early. We got on virgin Atlantic. Saviour ton of money. And they're just the best. Did that do it for you to not do another half hour. No, I want to make sure I get what? Bumped up to upper class every time. That's the way to go, baby. Slipper like me. I can't be affording to, you know, pay for that upper class every time. I want to get bumped up. Big shot like me. Let's get some food in this. Do you want to get some more. Raspi, throw it my big dog. It's sicker than hell. Come back yesterday. I'm going to say, my dog, you're so neurotic from nine days with my mother. I could do the rest of the show on that, you know. Nursing home. That just keeps saying it to yourself. Sounds so good. Feline, lucky you're looking for something excited to do in this God for sick and town. We're all a care about as of a bunch of an animal to the guy's penny. Or else, oh, God. The actions always had it. Hollywood's seminal gaming were winners recently walked away with humongous six figure jackpots. You could be next, but you got to go over there and check it out to be the winner. Play their 550 gaming machines like Lucky Jems for Granted, Pot of Gold, and more. 48 round of clap poker tables featuring all of great card games in the world. On the hot high low Texas, all of them seven cards stood along with weekly tournaments. Four daily sessions of ice takes finger, 1145 and a morning 3, 7, 15, 10, 30 and the PM. And for those of you who like it quick and intense, which is most I believe, Lightning Vingo will always get you charged up to all waiting for it. Hollywood's seminal gaming opened 24 hours a day seven days. Week right on the corner 441 Sterling Road tons of reparking or valley parking if you prefer. They'll forget South Florida's most exciting place for the big money jackpots. Continues to be Hollywood's seminal gaming. Four Rogers cars. Are you searching for a new sensation in dining? You're tired of that same old bump and grind. Then why not revisit an old friend and eat it to why? That's right folks because here at the wide, we turn our old facility into a mouse-watering buffet. And you've never seen a red like this one. Featuring some of the most silvicious on trays you've ever hated. And if you like eating Mexican, you'll let the wide be called every night is. Aco-nice. Or if you enjoy the taste of wild-date, our chef for Pharaoh lives begging soft-aim rabbit, baked in a golden flower crust. That's right. Airpies. It's all here. Literally mounds of piping hot food including juicy steak cooked medium rare. Because when chewy that the wide all of the biggest things in the middle. Or if you like spicy food, here's gonna be a good one. Try it. Red hot-cheat and you'll think. Talk about a piece of ass that brings air-zero eyes. If lift second, good-to-shoot, won't put a minute. Oh, the next time you eat out, line on down to the wide. Just get it, get it. No, it's a pretty highlight. I'm gonna use it for one I do. Jesus, oh, oh, oh. You feel like I said it's a lonely germany. You think it's a head-on, though? You know, your bottle is standing straight over the hill. It's probably a mouth-to-a-half. You don't have to stop all right with that crap. They have worst stance. And the best part of it is if you try to do your actions, no problem. Because they don't put the sausages on a bun. And Berlin, when you get a sausage, you want to understand. They put them on like a little teeny bun that takes up only the center part. So you can use it like a lot of a, like a holder. And just chop the emitter around the edges and the sausage too. But in colon, they actually prefer that you don't even need that way. What you do is you take the napkin and you take the sausage in the napkin and dip it in the mustard. And then eat it like that with no bread, which is great. But if you want the roast and whatever the holy call of the little piece of bread, they give you that too for like an extra 50 cents. And you eat the bread. You take a bite out of the bread. You don't put the bun in the thing in it. You take a chop out of the bread. Then you take a chop out of your sausage. How do you like that? Learn something every day. We learn already. It's not even a lot of clock yet this morning. We learned about ping on the tracks. Huh? In Europe? I think that's fantastic stuff. Where else in America is the audience going to learn about taking a leak on the tracks? To lose like tracks. I'll do that. Maybe that's why nobody's eating in that restaurant. You know on the train? Maybe they learned their lesson. Because I looked. I didn't see no toilet paper there in that little laboratory. I looked around. Not that I needed a knee. I wasn't going to do the sit down. No. But I just looked around at the curiosity. I thought to myself, what happens if you have to like, you know, two and a half hours is a long time on a train? Huh? You have to be YOP. And then of course, come back here. I haven't done enough on virgin and let it clear line. By the way, I've had to do another half hour. What do you give me a look like that for? It's great. And like in an upper class, which is first class, there's enough space. You could make a bowling alley between yourself and the person in front of you. That's how much space, how much reclining are you got. And even in the what they call premium economy, which is like business class, again, tremendous amount of space, comfort, fantastic. Love your Richard. Is that enough? Come back here. What are they talking about? They're talking about things here that nobody as usual. Nobody in the world is talking about. Wouldn't you think they'd be talking about how wonderful was it? Slobby on the low switch was saying a prayer would just eject. And then you can't see the action. How would you think they would be one of the things they'd be talking about? He's saying a prayer. I wonder if they prayed not for the three American kids, the prisoners that they released, the Jesse's custody is grandstanding piece of craft Jesse Jackson, who is not trying to run as usual, run our foreign policy and interfere. You know, just bring the guys back and dummy up. Okay, Jesse. And the bubble pet you on the head takes that little envelope and tear it up into pieces and say, Okay, boy, nice job. Now get out of here. We got important stuff to do. Did you see 60 minutes? No. They were interviewing a lot. I'm watching a maple leaf and flyers game last day. You think I'm watching 60 minutes? Are you out of your mind? Yeah. They interviewed his wife, the lowest of inches. Was she praying to? No, she said we didn't do nothing. Yeah. It was, I was all just bad publicity. You know, just bad PR. Like they led her to the editor in the hero's said the day before I left. He was really a pretty good guy until NATO started bombing him. Right? Yeah, he was okay. They just pissed him off. He was saying prayers with Jesse and the prayer group over there. I wonder if they said any prayers for the people that they'd butcher that they measured for the women that they raped for the million people that they've tossed out of their homes and set off into the wilderness. Did they pray for them? No. No. They said a prayer together. And I've just he says, well, this was an active role. You know, a nice act on his part. We got to do something to return. Yeah, drops of work, I damn bomb. That's what we ought to be doing. We are. Nice going, Baba. That's right. Murdering miserable son of a bitch and we're going to do something nice because he let these three Persons go as a desperate grandstand move and we're going to do something nice and return. Yeah, here's something for you. No, I surcharge. Slavio. You piece of direct. Oh, I did see a little on CNN. Got this millennium thing that they're running this ongoing series. And it was about World War I. And I've never really been much of a student of World War I, you know. And interestingly enough, to find out that Serbia had their work at Stinger with that thing to in World War I. Yeah, they always had their, they're always one of the sugars in the wood pile. The Germans in the Serbs, all of the Germans have got good brought worse. Man. No, seriously, colon is a beautiful city. I would highly recommend it to anybody that's got good taste. Great city. Beautiful people. Well, dressed, great hotels. Great, even the train station was great. What's not to like? We get out of the train station. And of course, we had looked at a map to see where a hotel was. And we had the general idea wasn't too far from the train station. We walk a block. Walk a block. And we're like, look at each other like, well, where do you think this hotel is? And I look up in the air across the street. And there's the big sign. There's the hotel. See, that's what happens when you live a good life. Those are the kinds of wonderful things. You get bumped up to upper class on Virgin Atlantic. Huh? You get offered a free massage. You take a leak on the German soil. Can you leave it with those Nazi bastards? Oh, oh, more could you watch? What the hell looks? You're just step out of the guy to train station. You've never been in the city before in your life. You look across the street. There's the F&O hotel. All right. Yeah. And what are they talking about here? Cubans playing baseball in Baltimore. You know something. And about our good friends. That's a guardwear. How'd I do with that thing? There's about cigarficionado magazine. You talk about a banana Republican about the rest of the world. Laughing at his goddamn place. No wonder we got a 90's here on this time. They were the only ones on a station that tell the truth. At least I am. The other ones I don't know about them. It's just slop over, I guess. They'd recinds Ben of cigar magazine at airport stores. But this is unbelievable, except here. Except here. Last night I'm putting the channels around. Airbie got them news channel. They got to write lottery. It was up there eating watermelon and Baltimore. They got airbie airbie local news guys. They were up there in Baltimore for this big baseball game. They're having the days. Anybody in the world give a crap about Cuba's playing the Oreo. No. Which probably maybe now the Oreos possibly. They might be able to beat but I doubt it. No. No. Jesus Christ. When is this town going to graduate from this slow? From this one dimensional. The end is all banana boat mentality. There's so many living and breathing. And real people out there in the real fricking world. And you come back to this town. And it's always the same. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. That's the same bunch of old spicks. Did you see the group they showed on the news last night? That there was, in the median age was death. They made the people in sunrise. Look like teenagers. That's how old these old Domino Park play in the Domino assholes were. Over the age of 200. to get you 200. They're getting on the bus that go up there to follow them. What else they got to do? Christ and they're protesting the magazine because Fidel's picture is on a cover and Dave County was going to ban it from my international welcome to South Florida where we don't have any freedoms here. Our freedoms are dictated by a bunch of goddamn banana boat people. Whoever met a fascist they didn't like. Not a cone that's what I have to say to them. Whatever it means. 24 11 at 5.60 WQM if you need new appliances or electronic equipment and your wall are keep saying no. No, like I said saying no. Get into one of appliance TVPostary locations and see the low low prices on the products you want and soon your wall looks going to be saying. That's right. Instead at appliance TVPostastar Luxures huge if you need a refrigerator washer, dryer, big screen TV. VCR camcorder satellite dish. It's all they're waiting for. It appliance TVPostastar. The sales staff is friendly and libraries always next day in hassle free. With three stores in the Miami Data Area appliance TVPostal located in the Miami Lakes area in Pometro 507 with the Abdo and Coral Gable 3590 Coral Way and a candle on US-1 north of the fall. The price is always right when you do the smart thing in Trump at appliance TVPost where service election your satisfaction are always guaranteed. For more sales check out this weekend's ads in the Miami Herald. It's big and a boat tonight on Fox. It's the iPhone. Sure, I wouldn't mind walking up the escalator but I can't seem to squeeze by Miss Fan at the head of me here. The man that says what's all of America is thinking. Do you don't understand English huh? Well then you won't understand it when I say this. You you must be a f*** whether it work home or even the mom. The asshole will make you proud of the atomers. Yeah and Linda after the funeral wanted to swing by your mom's old house and see if you can find her handy cap parking plate. I think that would really come in handy for me. He's the asshole. Tonight when feels like coming on. That really isn't assulting to do. Okay 1045 and 560 WQAM. So anyway getting back to this thing about the big semester we got at the airport. It's not enough that we got all these people pantering bending over backward about this meaningless exhibition baseball game in Cuba tonight. Nobody in their right mind. Nobody with a brain cares about this anywhere in the rest of the world. All the things that are going on in the world. All the things that people have on their mind. All of these things. Then anybody could be thinking and talking about including getting later whatever the hell it might be. Anything. And we got people in this town obsessed with some stupid goddamn bunch of banana boat assholes that are going to come up there with their jocks wraps up and play a ball game in Baltimore against the team that couldn't win a first game. Is this anybody gives a crap? That's got a brain. They can't be seen as a car magazine in airports stores front page of the Harold. Faced with mounting protest. Miami-Dade County leaders decided Sunday to lift a van on sales of the June edition of cigar fishing and out of magazine. How do you like that? Huh? cigar fishing and out of our good friends with our buddy Nick Downey in Hialia. At Miami International Airport they were going to ban the sales. The glossy publication with El Castro and Bubba on the cover could it their airport newsstand is early as this morning. In fact, it's probably there. I'm sure it's there as I speak right now as I speak this moment. Basically what I'm going to do is give the order to put it back on the shelves. They'd aviation department director Gary J. Delapat told the Harold on Sunday night. Even though now wait to hear this. Even though we have to be sensitive to the Cuban exile community here. In the end we have to come down on the side of what's been with tradition in the United States. A freedom of expression and freedom of the press. If people don't want to buy it, they don't have to buy it. It's what he said. God damn it. Yeah. You're a cramped at the county manager. They're important. Structed their subcontractor last week to keep the 282 page edition. This is a cigar magazine. Okay. It's not a freaking political magazine. It's a goddamn cigar magazine. God damn it. They were ordered to the subcontractor last week to keep the 282 page edition off all 18 new stand shows because they decided to be a addition. Feature and a travel guide for the communist led island was flattering the cash throw in the Cuban freaking government. How do you like that? But coming back to this asshole's comment, even though we have to be sensitive to the Cuban exile community here. Do we have to be sensitive? No. Am I going to be sensitive? No. No. Scrape. Much of old, no sticking banana boat jackasses who never knew anything about freedom of the press. Freedom of speech that never did never will. Who take to their graves with them? And hopefully very soon in most of those cases, take to their graves those old nose pickers that same old stalemate talent that's been permeating there in this time for the last 39 years. It's thanks. It sucks. It blows. It bites. It makes me want to puke. Come back from real places in the world to a place like this. Slobby homologimists would be proud of date County. I'll turn it right now. He'd be proud of this crap, this garbage. A freaking cigar magazine. God forbid that the DEL's picture should be on the cover. And he might actually not really look like, you know, he had 10 days of growth that day. Like he was had one foot in the grave. How about if we put like some graffiti on it? Would that be okay? Would that be all right? Yeah. That's it. Put like some horns on on his forehead. Like the goddamn devil. Would that be all right? Okay. Get to work. Let's go down to MIA and take that cigar fishing out of a doctor it up all right. And by the way, what are they worried about? All those old banana pickers. They're out of town anyway. They're all up in Baltimore under buses. Can you imagine how many games of Domino's you can play on a bus between Miami and Baltimore? Huh? And what they're all in Domino's? What kind of a game is that? I thought the Chinese played Domino's. Huh? Well, the Chinese, those are smart people. What are those old humans trying to do? Try to act smart. Is that what it is? Uh-huh. Not fooling me. But that's what that all day. Okay. And I don't know what being an incident about Republican god damn repressive piece of crap town. And pardon me for understanding the obvious, but that's just the way it is. And as if that wasn't good enough, here's another great. You know, I come back to playing God in 230 yesterday. Get home about 350, 330 whatever one. By the way, thanks to my friend there at customs. Okay. With this right on through open up another line. How you doing Neil? See, that's what it is when you rub big shot. Okay. A big something like shot. Get home around 330. So I've been home. Let's see. Uh-huh. Four. What? There's 20 hours. Less. And already, I'm scouring and I'm fighting out this ridiculous disabled swirl like when I left 10 days ago. Only worse. Did you see this parabattle school sex conspiracy? Did you see the article about these wackos? This was in yesterday's peril. Couple crusade against sex in. Legal battle leads to settlement with school board. Or yeah, this guy in his wife, Paul and Jody Hoffman, say an underground gay group has infiltrated school to promote a secret agenda. Oh, there's that homophacial agenda again. In this guy, of course, because there's nobody better than a reformed fill in the blank. Whatever was alcoholic, homo, you name it. For quarter of a century, he was a regular gay bars in the old bookstore's. And homo was hustler and playboy when the internet got going. He began prowling the chat romano's computer. That's the way it used to be. But now he's like, you know, hold different debugging now. Now he's reformed. Now he's a crusader, which are always the worst kind. He's having lawsuits against this one against that one against the school board. They got secret code, secret messages. Wait a year, this. The Hoffman's enrolled their son in the Miami-Dade school system. A month later at the start of March, they were pulling him out. First they stuck him in, then they pulled him out. While there a teacher gave him a multiple choice test that he brought home. One of the options for their particular question was manually Ramon does his number three work with his hands. The son told him that number three is a code word. It means masturbation. Oh, good. Hoffman said. And gay teachers throughout Miami-Dade are using it to promote the secret agenda. They're very smart. He said, they're very clever. There is no record of these things. Yeah, number three that means yank it. So now she teaches his son 16, herself sometimes at home. Sometimes bringing him into the law, is where the Hoffman's and apparently second lawsuit to file this Thursday National Prayer Day. Their son has been emotionally damaged by this test. And by the constant talk of sexy was exposed to in the school. They say they worry that they are what that month in school did then. They're worried about it. He can't stop thinking about sex. They said, that's all he thinks about all the time. Sex, sex, sex. He's 16 years old. What a concept. He's thinking about sex. Oh, boy, that's unusual. Huh? It's the goddamn school system that done it. Oh, I'm more on unification. I'm we're not already just in this hour. And look at these phones. It's fantastic. And that's great response. Oh, you had a few on it. They're just there in patient. I'll get to you when I'm good and ready. Okay? I got important crap to lay down on this audience here today. And then speaking of the school system of course, this horrible nightmare that took place before I left on vacation out in the Denver area, a little bit. Which they're talking about all over the world. Is this somebody got an answer for it? Good point though. It's several interesting things. Number one, you can buy a semi automatic weapon in the state of Colorado at the age of 18. But you can't buy a beer. Oh, that's right. Too many beers. You'll puke your guts out and probably start thinking about sex. Especially if you're a third beer, if it's number three. My a semi automatic weapon, but you can't buy a beer or pack a cigarette either, right? You're a son of a bitch. Right. How can you go shoot without a beer? That's true. Good point. But the thing that I found the most fascinating having said and watched that whole thing that I have to know when it took place, which was like what? Two weeks ago, Tuesday, tomorrow will be three weeks. And you're not supposed to say these things in America because police never do anything bad in America, right? Never do any bad police work. They're always great. We saw hours and hours of these courageous swath teams surrounding the school and some of them were inside and they were like, you know, scouring through and doing their sleep of the school. Now we find out that these two lunatics, these two scumbags, these two misfits that shot up the school and brought their 30 bombs and planted them all over the goddamn place. After they had their fun for 15 or 20 minutes, they blew their own brains out. They were dead all that time. Nobody was shooting anybody and the school teacher, of course, was one of the heroes of the situation. He laid their dying bleeding to that inside and just as the paramedics finally got them like three and a half hours later, he died in their arms. Not to mention, of course, any of the kids who died in the side because we didn't, I didn't hear any details on that, but who knows how many of them might have lived if somebody would have gotten in their sooner. And then I hear comments like, well, you know, what, you know, there were bombs that lay down there and who knows who the real shooters were and how you identified them. I mean, you know, did the police really want to go in there and risk their lives? I thought that's what police work was about. Was risking your life. Is that part of what it's supposed to be about? I mean, I'm not just saying randomly without some kind of a plan, but just just to have all those people surrounding the school for hours and hours on end, there was nothing going on inside. It's that people dying. Just just a thought. I realize you're not supposed to say these things because it's American. We love our guns. We love our police. It's said everyone's so on. It's the American effin' away and you better believe it. Or else we'll stick a goddamn copy of St. Garfissian out of when you're mailbox. Okay? Do you want to screw with us? And then we'll tell our Cubans where you're living at, where your dresses, they'll come and fight in your mailbox. Then you'll have some problems on your hands. Then they'll want to play Domino's on your front lawn for the rest of the year. Just to get even. What is that thing with Domino? Well, what doesn't that all about? Where did that come from? You should know. It's a game. I know it. I know it's a game. And it's some of the do-like poker. There's like poker. What do you mean? It's called Six Play Domino's. Why did they have Domino parked? Why does that? Why did they have all the pet implications? Or did they already play Baccy Ball? Yeah. They made up a name with a little bit. So, the Lexus eyes. Then I'll just sit there on her ass playing Domino. You're if they play chess in the park. The redneck, they play checkers on the pickle barrel. Everybody's got their little name. The blacks do what? I wish I had the video. I was Tony Bob. Oh God. I thought you ever heard one person again talk about using the word nigger in this country. There is no group of people. I use the word nigger more than black people. That I never realized this before. Air v person, air v other black person to a black person in America is a nigger. Hey nigger. How you doing there? Face shut up nigger. What is that? But when we had the old J thing going on with Mark Furman and all the n-word and the media were like, oh, you can't even say it. You can't put it in the paper to put n-dash. Like, you know, like, uh, yeah. Exploded deleted. Produrbitive term deleted because we can't say the n-word. But if you're black, hey nigger, how you doing nigger? Mother, you know? Which mother of course is only half a word in that hood. Anybody have any idea what I'm talking about? Yeah. Tell the good hour though. Come on. Let's get a couple of calls on here and the George tells me the phones were sizzling especially Friday. Just couldn't get to them. 5 6 7 5 6 5 5 6 the animal will win. 1 1 1 10. Leave him be. You found a red dog. You chugged a red wolf. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around our red cock. Red cock's fully head will lead you breathless. Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat. So reaching to that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't beat a red pot. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. It's 1102 at 560WC. And when I checked from the 25th by the way, which I wasn't here, and George is, oh, they got it around somewhere. I'd like my check in here sometime like soon before noon, just so I feel secure about getting it. I thought I wanted to start playing Bouch Boss, you know, with this crowd, but it would be nice to have that checking in. In fact, if anybody else just had a rating book come out like this, when I booked a weed head here, the whole station did great. We did spectacular gigantic humongous advice to myself. If I would have been red weed, I would have walked in here with the check in my hand, you know, with the envelope. It's at all by the way, here's your check from the one you want vacation. And nice job. That's what? There is gone for a couple of days. So what does that mean? We'll find your check. It's got to be somewhere. Miriam is gone for a couple of days, so now we're going to have a search party to find my check, which is now like several days overdue, which I don't mind because that wasn't here anyway. And I'd rather have the vacation than be here for the goddamn check. The camera on looking for you while you were gone to give it to you. Yeah, but they did. I thought I saw that knocking on my door. Or maybe that was Rosalyn Al Goldstein. Didn't see them. Here's the Pompito Beach, hello. Pompito Beach. Oh, you know what? Is this phone screwed up again? No. Here's what the answer is. Are we back to what happened the day before I went to phone is all screwed up again? Lady and haven't heard. See, as soon as I punch up Lady, it just is Lady in and the other thing goes on. We're back to whatever was the problem that morning. And look at it. So won't even go off. Ah! Let's try it again. Here's a lady and I don't see what work. Does he do the same thing in there? Does this thing go black on your monitor? It's a red or black. I don't know what it is. Whatever the color it is does it go in a just as Lady in something lady in red, lady in Waiting, Lady in Uranus? I'm resetting the system. Oh, Joe's got my check. Thank you, Joe. We're going to hear real fast. You don't have to stay out there. Listen, we're at the phone screwed up again. Haven't taken one call here yet. Why could the phone screwed up again? It's like God then, Dejia. But while over again. We're sitting here. We got a 99 share. Every show on this station is through the freaking roof. Even at marginal morning show. And we don't have equipment that works in here because we got a general manager that's sick in the head. He's not only sick in the red nose. He's not only sick to what it's said but it's cracked caucus or whatever he's got. Line in use elsewhere. What does that mean? You rebooted it and it still doesn't work. I just, I'm seeing this and I don't believe it. It's like my worst nightmare. Was it this past Friday that you had the problem? Yes. Oh, so in other words, it was just this last Friday the phone system was all screwed up. And obviously there's been a lot of really heavy duty working here to make sure that it's all straight now for today, right? Wrong. What was the different problem? A different problem. Did it work? Did it work? Yes. When you were having the problem afterwards after we were in the 11 o'clock on it was. But the first time you had an hour didn't work. Okay. Right. Now we have nothing. Punch up a line. Even as even here at dial tone, it says line in use elsewhere. Our whole phone system is down in here and our program director, Sticks has bearded head in the door shaking. It's like, uh, oh, yeah, like that. This is what you get. Come welcome back from vacation. You know, we hope you had a great time. Hope that they treated you well on virgin and latic hair. I was going to be on a virgin and latic hairlines, which they sure did. Hope you enjoyed the brought worst in Colomal, which I did. Hope you had a great time and I'm sure that I'm going to try and do it like always. And we got a piece of crap. You could go to war words. You could go to creskies and buy a better phone system than this. What? I'm going to tell you the whole system. There will be some beeping. Good. At least it'll make some noise. Better than my wasted my throat. I'm getting the raw throat in here already. I'm probably catching Greg Reed's latest disease that he's best. Good. I like that sound. Here. Here we go. Here we go. We're working on the equipment folks. Come on. There you go. Sounds of silence. Now let's see what happens. Here we go. Here's a line of ringing. WCOM. Oh, Jesus Christ. Hello. Okay. Well, let me see what was that? It was that he. How could you tell? Was so guy in the store. Was that what he said? WQAM. Okay. Thank you. Okay. There's our two colors for the day. What do we even go through the exercise for? Another one. Another one. The phone finally works. And we're waiting for some geniuses to get on here with something to say. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0, 80. What am I getting excited about the phone doesn't work here? Am I checking my hand now? Thank you, Joe. I went down the hall. Am I checking somewhere? Nice. Two checks. No less. There you go. Now we got some phones. We can see you always have to go through this exercise. Maybe that's why we're going through the roof on this station because the audience keeps tuning in every day just to see how much more amazing crack can go on here. I think the guy was right. Who called him in as you're all and said, yeah, I think he was right. Right on target. You got it, pal. You got your finger on it. Here's the lady. Neventure. Hello. Hi. Can you hear me out? Now I hear you. I'm sorry about that. You know, this is QA. I'm. We can't get our act together. There's darkness everywhere. There is a slight happening. I don't know the voice of the audience, music. There's someone I hear a little earlier. and right here. There's. There's a slight fact saying this is a lie. Let's say somebody will read by this. There's some noise always. There's some noise always. There's a slight fact saying this is a lie. But that's also the indicated number of news. No than what he gave. There's clear of a real point ofeliary. um. Yeah, if it works, mix it up. Yeah. Let him know where he is. and those. Congratulations. No, there won't be high. There'd be like single family homes. Oh, well, congratulations. Thank you. And a treat. I'm going to have a single family home. Is it supposed to all those wild animals? Those possums and coons. I'm serious. Well, speaking of that, I would like to go from the O.J. Send me a note. I'm in a possum so much. What is it? What I got from the O.J. Send Central, the same thing. You got that. Use the word, no, Negro, and then, you know, and then you're. Nobody says, no, or more than then, then they go, I'll tell you that right now. True. But the, but supposedly, they use it in the good context. No, they don't allow. No, they don't. Well, I thought, I saw some videos over there. That's the ram, huh? That's the ram. That's not true. That's not true at all. They get pissed off. But each other, they really start using Negro. I mean, big time. I know. But it's, I found out from the O.J. Send that. It's a bigger crime to say, Negro than it is to kill two people. Well, that's, that goes without saying. I mean, they, the media was more outraged about it. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. That's what we're in. Right. So what does that tell you? That tells you don't be Santa. It tells me that, Pat, he ran. He's going to get away with murder also. I don't think so. I think we're going to nail her ass. You think you'd better presume her life? I got it. I think if you go out and buy the inquirer today, I think that might put her over the edge. But she's got the high price lawyer. I hear her picture is also on a cover of cigar fish, you know? With the del and the, and the bubble. All you think about it for a while. She's got a big one in her post. 5.6.0.5.60. Pomp 5.60 on the AT&T line. 10 minutes after level. Welcome back to Miami, Neil. Thank you. Good. Woof. You know, Mother's Day is next Sunday, May 9th. Nursing home. And Vermont Teddy Burr Company is a guaranteed way to make your mom happy. Center a bird ram gift to let it know that she's loved and appreciated. Your mom, wife, or grandmother will receive a gorgeous beer, handcrafted in Vermont, delivered in the colorful gift box. With personalized card and gourmet candy. Just call a bear counselor at 1-800-829-Bare in the home. Check out QAM on the internet. Just go to billin' your billin' your billin' your billin' your dotin' WQAM dot com. Sports radio, 5.60. QAM, the kill of the cold. Kill your wife and handbrong. Welcome there in this empty tent. The plan is moving on. Chances are quit all decreases. Traces are plod every week. That match your DNA. Traces are plod. That's your zodiac. That's your zodiac. That's black-sperly hair. You let the club and bloody track so. The cat you used to wear. You're on the side of WQAM. Traces are plod all around. That match your DNA. Traces are plod. That's your zodiac. You close your eyes. And still prayer. They run fine. A trace of plod still day. Chances are plod of glass. Time is showing us your true side. You're done to ball for now. Now be ever than you can hide. Traces are plod every week. That match your DNA. Traces are plod. That's your zodiac. A kill of the cold. Okay, 11.16 at 5.60 WQAM. I'm telling you, we're getting a soothing response. You're tells me that last week, all these people wanted to talk about with the school voucher thing. I'm not going to waste my time talking about that. You wanted them. You got them. You wanted a fascist piece of crab governor. And now you got them. What's the big surprise? You wanted a religious fanatic. And now you got them. So, there you go. Good luck to you. You'll need it. I just don't get these people. I don't understand it. You make your own bed. You sit there on your ass. And I told you, if I she's the fascist, never better not to eat it in the like. Put it on a big act. All of a sudden turns out to be just exactly the same kind of right wing finatic that everybody knew he was ahead of time. But, well, I read a very interesting thing by the way about the assassination of Ronald Reagan by John Hinkley. And the fact that there was more than John Hinkley was a distant cousin of, I know this thing is cutting up of George Bush, senior. What do you, what now? What are you looking at? What are you, what are you worried this man going? Now he gets up out of the chair, walks down the hall. I have no idea what's going on. If somebody's punching you while it's on the board on the ear, what's happening now? What other technical piece of crap is going on now? What was that? Nothing. What was that? You don't want to say it was Tommy put his elbow on the pot. Before he smoked it? He's very, very sorry. Look at that. Now he's got the pot in his rectum. I know somebody would probably like to smoke it. Kind of like sitting out front there, I don't want you to be. Too personal. That's what I hear from the rear. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What do we have to do with the bring back the teeth? Hold your breath. See, I want to talk about, because I know George does this stellar job. I have no problem. We have to do it. We have to do it. We don't have the tips that we used to have every time I go on vacation. We've done a brilliant thing. Since I don't want to decide it, then it's got to be great. I want to talk about this stuff. I'm talking about the last hour, 20 minutes. See, we don't have a problem on this. The problem is on the other end. Well, that's what I was like. You, sir, who have nothing to say. And by the way, speaking of assholes, the one that called them there too, maybe was the day I left on vacation about your Philadelphia Flyers. And the least don't play that Eastern Conference kind of defensive hockey very well. And how they're going to kick our ass and Yadiyada Yaday. All I can say to you is, well, that's what I can say to you. Okay, you and Van Greesbrook. Don't like those weak backhand shots. They journey boy, what did I tell you about him? Even when he played good for us down here. All these list famous for giving up one at least one greasy goal of the game. That's why they call him the Griscer. Agarity, a Rimmer's probably squeezing himself out with excitement, knowing that the Griscer lost the series and gave up some real greasy goals in there. Mr. Philadelphia, another great flyer fan with a big frickin' mouth. What do we're here today, huh? Probably crying in his goddamn beer. Pizza, Drek. The Spencer them in six games, okay, as Curtis Joseph gave him a lesson last night in what real goal attending is all about. And then they're crying at the end of the game. Well, they got a penalty. After the least, got 600 penalties in a row there and killed off every one of them. And they get a penalty well deserved in long overdue late in the game. And they're crying at the end of the game. Instead of, you know, I hate to break the news to you. But you don't score any goals. You're not going to win all game. You jackass flyer's fan you. Hope you're choked on your core's beer. Here's Cooper City, hello. You stole my thunder. Yeah. That was a great game last night. Well, it was not a great game. Of course I watched it. It was a horrible game. Well, from the standpoint of the excitement, one of the game, I mean, you know, I hate the flyer's. And I know you do too. I have seldom in my life seen that worst game in that game last night. It was, what excitement are you talking about? It was excitement in the first period. You also made a bunch of great say. But other than that, where was the excitement? Well, I mean, the fact that I mean, don't you look, I really have a game. In fact, I'm praying that the penguins beat Boston, by the way, what a beautiful pass. Or Marty's. You're not going to do a yogurt for the winning goal. You guys did an edible, I'm already not going to know for the Panthers. Get the goal. And another great assist is to say, I don't want to answer the question. I'm praying that Pittsburgh beats the crap out of Jersey tomorrow. Because I want to see the least play Pittsburgh. Not Boston. I don't want another coaching grab series. Another coma series. And I'm going to play a team that really wants to play some wide open hockey in some excitement. All those flyer frames of crying out that last call, you know, who played? Who played? Who played? They're crying that they didn't have a win draw. But Joseph is the same pattern every year. They play a great team and they choke first round out the playoff. Yeah. So you fly this thing? This is the five thousandth time in a row that they loved that they failed to win a game where they were going to be eliminated at playoff. And at least they're consistent in what they do. They choke the first round. And they got a big mouth and they suck. And they got me and beat the book and they can have the million dollars to go along with them. Okay. Later. They got the greaser baby. They're some of the passing by the net. For us, we're going to get a shot. And I'm going to fight another shot. Good pairers and guard. Guard. So you guys are a son of stars for Toronto. On the power parade. 59 points two seconds and this place has become a more. I'm in red. I'm in red. All right. All right. Even McWeeley is just psyched about it. 567. I did this town and I psyched about it. They're not psyched about anything. Even at least 567. They're just psyched. 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and voice in B. Chilo. Yes sir. I do. I'm doing great. The audience is still in the coma. Hey. It's a pretty safe to say that. Sergey Mercer and Janet Corrol. All the MVP for the past two months for the Leafs. Yeah. I would say so. How about Curtis Joseph? Is he trapped by a lot? Oh, we got it. Where were we? You know, they've been in a series without him. Well, I'm just saying, you know, office of Lee, I'm just saying, as a whole, I've just been general. Those two guys really have been strong the past two months. Yeah. And we're without saying Curtis Joseph. You've been saying it for years. But the one thing I've been saying what for years. The goal. Technical championships. Right. Right. Look what happen on Ottawa. Have a big high scoring auto. Look what has to catch it with them. You're making too much noise. You're killing me. They're all in your loud mobiles out there to make a noise. I am on a little piece and quiet. Okay? Too much noise on Queens. They're Amsterdam. Five, six, seven. We got two calls on the board. This is the every time I go on vacation. It's the same goddamn thing. You come back and a great rating book. The whole station went through the through the roof. You come back here. I view my guts out for these people. And it's like I'm talking in their funeral parlor. Maybe if I spoke their language, okay? Maybe if I went... Often enough we get this goddamn phone board lit up here. We get some action. Just like Gilbert said, what are we going to see the action in this dead-ass town? God. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing today? Okay. Hey buddy, you're pretty good about that. Double-gint feet by the fire. I hope it comes true for your lease tonight. And the other kept the dead-ass. The devil's getting beat by the flyers tonight. I hope they do. The devils are playing the flyers tonight. The nature is the devil's plan of fire tonight. Yeah, the devils are playing the flyers tonight. Sir, and my finger is in your rain. Okay, you jackass. There's another software to hockey fan for you. The devils are playing the Pittsburgh Penguins to marinate sir. But don't confuse you with the fact. You've got the right state. That's good. Philanopio Pittsburgh. They're both in Pennsylvania. Let's hear it for that guy. There's one of our software to knowledgeable hockey fans for you. Wouldn't know a guy damn Penguins if it's stuff that's guy damn a wing up it's uh they have wings. Whatever it's got up it's back home. What are they got? Well, they wattle. I'm not what they're gonna have. They have wings but they don't use them to fly. Now, what are they? How do they take a leak on a train? Huh? Write down that little hole, man. Write down that shoot. There's nothing like taking it on. And you know something I would rather spend the next two and a half hours, two hours and thirty five minutes of my day, taken a leak on a goddamn train from Colone, Amsterdam. Just the time we'll take me to get there two by the way. And watch in the urine trickle down that tube out of the railroad tracks, then sit here, begging these bastards for calls today. That's what I would rather do. I'd rather just pee all over Germany for the next two and a half hours. Then sit here and pretend to talk to a bunch of people. A pretend they got some goddamn material. Had two lunatics over there that shot their brains on and inside the school and for three hours afterwards, while people are bleeding that we got the courageous swatine. They're like carefully, whatever the hell they were doing, while people are bleeding with that. And then everybody's saying what a great job they did because, oh look at the way they're getting all the kids. They're ushering them all out. Well, of course they're ushering them all because if nobody's shooting anybody they're dead. You idiots? Then we get a kid out there and I'll burda Canada no less. 14 year old kid, copycat. Do you see that? A couple of days later he goes ahead and decides, well, it's good enough a little to colorado. It's good enough for us up here in Alberta. We got nothing else going on. I'll fix that off. Let's kill some kids. Shoot, two kids kills one of them. Some little three-beat time outside of Calgary. I'll burda up there. And God, there was some candidate. And then we had to hear for others by the way, we didn't get a lot of publicity. Well, they thought, oh, well, I thought like a fun idea. Let's try it. Because that's you, Merkin, F. and W. Now what is this story? Now that he's got a title as he got to be like, go hold your hand and it was waiting for his chair. Wait for his chair for one. He had to borrow a chair for foot massage day. So he's waiting to take it back. You can take it out. Now you have to worry about disrupting the show. How could you disrupt this show? What are you laughing about? The phone don't work half the time. We got Jeff Cohen just came in here with lunch. That's what he's really sitting there waiting for. And I don't blame him. Now we can get busy. Okay, now we got some food in here. Thank God for Jeff Cohen. We're running a food to feed the goddamn Chinese army. There you go. We got, look at that. We even extended the table here. The pizza loft, coronal extension on our table. Just so we have a special place to put the free food. That's the way we operate a show in this next week. You're making too much noise, George. Put this, rupping my show. 20 27 after 11 at 5.60 QF. When you stop making noise, you crazy degenerate you. Jeff, not you. I'm talking about Jeff Cohen. He's over here making noise. Yeah, well, how about, let's have a way. We want to have a more. How about my laser? The one that says, if you want it, here open your eyes wide. It's real good for your eyesight. Have you ever hear a laser surgery? 20. Even now I'm enjoying the show on this end. Okay, you're in sucks out there. Okay, but that's not unusual. Well, Ranzo's Italian said is a place you want to visit because it's like going to Italy right here in North Miami, without even hopping on Elitania. They've got everything from Mother's Day. Many can only trays, regularly 15 bucks, a does not only nine bucks. Well, Ranzo's super stone crabs on sale. All our mothers day week, medium large jumbo and colossal stone crabs. Homemade mustard sauce, 249 for eight ounces. Also fresh live main lobster is a cook lobster, lowest price in town. It arounds his own homemade the Italian roast beef. I've been roasted with olive oil, garlic, rosemary, bay leaves and spices. Regularly, $699 a pound. Now just $499 a pound, one pound minimum. Get soft for this, best Italian sausage for 48 years. They haven't been holding it on there for four years. You don't want to talk about it. But I'm looking how long this copy is for Christ's six. Ranzo's makes its own fresh homemade Italian sausage, hot or sweet, extra lean. Wine and cheese, Italian sausage, meal sausage, chicken or turkey sausage, trailer, Ranzo's special homemade sausage with provoloni cheese, basil and peppers, all fashion and delicious. Praurogini, bachie, famous Italian chocolate, 50 piece, five gift bucks, regularly 37, 50 special for mommy 1875. Ranzo champagne and wine selection with the best important domestic producers at the lowest prices for mothers day. And it goes on and on and on. Ranzo's for over 40 years serving soft photo will only be the best. Go and store on right on the corner, voice 16, 150, 4, 3 in North Miami Beach, your color, Ranzo's a 305, 94563 81 and say, hey, we want some good stuff and boy, that copy sure was long. Okay, anybody interested to be got the Marlins, would they play in the brewer's in the Marlins? That oughta be big tonight, huh? Anybody interested in that? No. Okay, so what do you want? Go over there and tell us what you want. Let me find where the guest might get us here. Go ahead. And don't say nothing dirty on here. Would you please pervert? You have a delay, don't you? I need somebody to repair my neon sign on the roof without ripping me off. Yeah. I've been worked on like, another word. How do I look for something for free? You're not snoring. I just want to, you know, fair deal. Just like the pizza, the pizza locked animal, give you a good plug also by the Lenny. Right. There you go. Just like your friends at the Cisco food. Right. I'll be back at work in 30 minutes when I leave here so they could do something on the phone. I want to get my sign six. Now, what were you getting your next free trip from your good friends at Cisco food? By the way, a virgin Atlantic Airlines, if you ever do decide to go to Amsterdam again, right? You fly to London for Miami London and then it's a quick cop like half an hour of Amsterdam, the greatest airline in history, man. If I mentioned that a few times today yet, we're going on a cruise, sovereign of the seas. Why? That's what their trip is this year. I would have preferred knowing that. I agree. I do a lot of cruising lately. No, I'm working a lot. That's what I hear. That's all, remember. That's what you ever remember told me. And I said, you keep saying things like that. You won't get any more free meals at the pizza loft. You said, I think I made a mistake. Right. Well, I didn't matter the commercial. Did you see the two months plod of his wallet that night? We had in your place. I didn't see his wallet that night. Exactly. That's my point. Okay. Get on here. Thanks for the great food. Jeff Cohen at Pizza Lock. He needs to get us the on-site. Actually, I got one call on the board, which is good. We'll get it out of the way. And then I'll eat and we'll play some stuff. But this is, if you're to worse every time. What did you do the audience while I was gone? Sorry. I just got through the spending and saying, what a great job you did. Everybody I talked is his Georgia except for a rumor. We'll hate you like poison things you said. You know what? I never did bother to mention him on the air and what Mike Lang said about him. About what Mike Lang said about rumor. Totally forgot. That's how much fun. How lame he is. But he's a nice guy. He's got a lot of contacts in the league, but he's pretty marginal. Well, you know that. Here's a mobile and Miami Beach, hello. Mobile in Miami Beach. Long gone. Okay. Like I said, here's a sunrise. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I'm not a Miami Beach. I mean, sunrise. That's what I just said. Okay. Are you in your sunrise? Hello. I'm glad you had a good day. I thought that the radio on. I would never have the radio on. I knew I was up. I'm not that much of an idiot. Okay. So that was Amsterdam. Had a good time. Right. George didn't do anything to the audience. He did a wonderful show. Oh, where the hell is the where is everybody? I don't know. Where is everybody? I said everybody. I feel bad. I didn't call last week. George says, no feel bad. Okay. Good. Anyway, listen, George. I had plenty of calls. George has always got a million calls when the phone is working. I'm the one that has to sit in our work for calls because I'm making so glad they have much money. They want me to work for it. But why do you want you to work for it? You're fun. So it's worth I hated. You believe it? I did. You want to go to Amsterdam again. You got to work it. That's a good point. I'm sorry about that. Never fly virgin Atlantic. No, I'd like to. Great airline. Great airline. So I'm trying to the best. Big 747. You got lots of room to spread it out. And you're. And you're. And you're. Right. Okay. I'll do that the next time. I go to the next. Okay. Next time of the material. Okay. See. We don't even have anybody in this place that ever did a train. That's a very important topic. I mean, you know, what life isn't a picky like that. You know what I'm saying? God works in mysterious ways. Like when he lets the three when they end. It like they want like they had that thing last night. We stay don't everyone let this thing end over there in little Colorado, which enough is enough already with the ceremonies and the ulogies. I mean isn't enough enough. Already. And they got the one kid there saying he was never scared because he knew God would take care of him. What about the other eleven kids in the school teacher that God didn't take care of? That's like sloppy on the lowest of its praying with Jesse Jackson and they let the three American prisoners of out the three or soldiers. They let them out. What about the million people whose lives are destroyed and the ones who've been slaughtered in the the women who've been raped? Do you hear what of his henchmen? Like this is for two. Do you hear what the comment was? His right hand man, the most of which last week said when they had the reports about the raping of the Albanian women, he said oh well you know that those reports couldn't be too because they're too ugly we wouldn't touch them. This is what he said. They're doing sit down comedy over there now. In bad taste. And then we said okay well you want to do that kind of material. You're off the ear again. It's what they're doing. Keep knocking them off the ear. That's it. But just come back bastard those Serbian lunatics, maniacs. Then we got this self-aggrandizing intruder into our foreign policy running around now. Grandstanding again coming back here. He's going to tell us about our foreign policy. Dummy up Jesse. What was that word again she said before? Began with an end. Cheers plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah listen the guy thing you think of as arcane and if George is going to have a future in radio it's probably working for somebody like arcane because he killed listening to him last week was like nails on the chalkboard. Who arcane? No George. Really? Yeah. He was absolutely dull boring with a little squeaky voice of his. Yeah. Let me answer it. Is his voice squeaker than a guilty? It's close. Really? Yeah. They could do a well not sure to go. They could do a show together and knock the whole station off. See I already assumed that George is a stellar job because you know I'm just complacent and I don't really care because I'm on vacation having a good time so little. I shouldn't worry about it but you're the audience for that. No but I think now it's you made a good point if there are other people who want to rip Georgia I think we ought to invite them to play. I didn't know if we wanted to know. What does he care? Was it pathetic? It was. Maybe rumors got a point. I think you should start looking for job. Okay now let me ask you this. Have you ever heard your former do a Panther game on TV? It's close. It's a toss-up. It's the most common. It was the most common dozing thing. I mean I fell asleep four times behind the wheel. Because I had a call from a realized that I asked him about Georgia's show last week and he said Hey, stock. Yeah. It was it was absolutely. Okay the phone's lighting up. Thank you, Sherry. You made a lot of it. Thank you. Okay. Now you can handle it. Can't you? They want to rip you an ass. He doesn't care. He's getting a free lunch. The father's in the lot. It's going to ego a problem. When you rip him, you know it's that hot blood of Cuban stuff. It gets real upset. I don't care what these people say. Okay. They're animals anyway. Let them lose their holes. Hmm. That's what's going to happen. They got a far the manager of the marlins. They're going to say they're animals anyway. Let them lose their bowls. Is that what they're going to say? Joe? They're not even listening. I'm paying attention to what I'm talking about. There's a eating free food like old Jews. There were no sent when the food shows up. I'm yelling at the people that are really wonderful to me out here, but they don't want to go in here. Meaning what? Has enscrew that? No. We don't have to have a suck face. Now I want honest opinions. Okay. If this is what then I all of a sudden every line on the board is lit up. This is what they want to talk about. This is not the first time I went on vacation and you filled in. We've been doing this for several months now. I didn't think we had to go through this exercise. But I you know, I gave my great material out there which quite frankly I thought was sensational. I thought I'd do the first hour or twenty minutes today should win some kind of a Pulitzer God damn prize. That's right. I mean, I may sound a little arrogant for me to say that. Oh God. And I might like lean over and look myself all over my body, but what they'll know, but he also will. I have to. Oh God. And even Joe's taken a personal out to because he was a partner in crime with Georgia's show. Well, I was on vacation. So Joe Costello gets and now you're going to be caught up with Joe too. So he was two tough on a callers. I'm your aunt was a lot nicer to the callers than George, which is why it was a little spick cut on here five times and quite way too nice way too nice. Push over that chair. Yeah. He needs to be a lot more Italian. I'll tell you that. I'm talking about from the Sicilian part of the country. He's too like, you know, Milanese. Too like Northern European. He needs to be more Sicilian. Whatever that means. Sounds good. Twenty-four noon at five, sixty WCW. And there's a great Tuesday on Pompano Beach Grandi Shoes. It's a mega store with over 40,000 pair of men's and women's famous brand shoes. Joe's mornings will never be the same. Starting this Monday on five, sixty WCW. It's the morning air. Her Oscar Anderson. Oh, damn. Here's five. Are you guys all right? Here's five. There. Wake up. Here's Oscar Anderson. But they grew Friday, sixty ten a.m. Honestly, on five, sixty WCW. My aim is. My aim is. Pacton. My aim is. Well, the aim. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Pick my aim is. Pick my aim. Pick my aim. Pick my aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Well, I can't. The all-like cut-and-little sneakers. Step a little down. It comes right out. You think that's a puppy? Wanted to copy me and do exactly like I do? Get paid for right little songs about Google? My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm going to fart on. You're Dr. Dreass. You old man, you past him. Yeah, I'm not. What do I smell as? And you look wet. Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell. I thought ripping gases and dune was pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off. And farted so hard. And then I went to my local backwards. Like Chris Crock. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's bad. Then torn up my ass, fat, and a fat, fat, two-a-suit fat. Smell this honey. Yo, wait a minute. I'm so girl. I don't give up. God said me to take the world up. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. I can see two water meat cake out back in junior high. I said the problem was something. Proud of my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later when I covered his death with use toilet paper. Walking his trippler, my intestines were filled up. Moves the bar tenies took a dump in a ticker. Went over to a dead, a head of fuck in a gong. She lifted a leg up. And I knew she was a father. And I said, well, I was not by with lie, too. I just found out my mom doesn't get an ad. I'm saying, I told her I'd throw up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about strange noise. They don't look brapper. You know you would dare when the women first lead. You try to hold it back, but you must be relieved. The sky and white gas and the sandals was pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Okay, so I'm pretty standing at. I've 50, but he's going great lunch from Jeff called it. They have people all nice going, 20, too. They also got out of here real quick, which we appreciate. Get that in the online fixed form, okay. I want to make sure you makes a lot of money. 50, 60, 50, 50, 50, 50. 50, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. Our pull question they can't use must munchow, George, or Jeff Rimmer. Who is the greater broadcaster? You know, this is a tough one. This is a low blow, but I think they both deserve it since they hate each other like poison. Now, what was it you said about him that he was condescending demanding impudent supercellius, supercellius, ego without a cause, ego maniac. Yeah, you already said chiefs. So that would be. And what about his panther telekin? Hey, stop. OK. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. We're trying to find something today that will turn these bastards on and they're dead as a door nail. And they like that. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hey, how are you doing, buddy? OK, sir. And by the way, don't be college or a job the year. And stuck in his ass and tell me, well, talk to me. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. No, no, no, no, no, no. What much of those people? I got a couple things that are too a cowardly to speak to me. All right. I got a part of the day. First of all, I just got back from Vegas. Great. I stayed in the late day. It was beautiful. What's the reason? Is it still a right side up? Oh, yeah. That was a minor fact. Good. And that was a great time there. So far, the play has been, I thought, pretty exciting. I want a bunch of the games. That's been pretty good. Here's the, how do you like Pittsburgh and Jersey yesterday, boy? Yeah, I'm going to ask by Shroka. I got wood. It was amazing. It was perfect. I didn't want that. I didn't want that. Yeah. Yes. Still there. OK. The other thing, Curtis Joseph, absolutely phenomenal last night. He was playing incredible. First time that after the game, he turned the whole year around for the maple leaves. I'm happy. I'm glad I didn't know. Well, that cup right now. And I thought you're not in the furnace. And the last thing, you know, can you play that new erection song for me? OK. I love it. And have a great day. I bet you do. A lot allowed the cell phone to it. Oh, I'm quite happy. I also don't like that. Good guy, but bad cell phone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Where is all the people with their comments on George that are caught sucking his butt off the air? Well, I'm going to believe that. I'm going to believe him relaying the message. Oh, I had 600 calls. They also had a great job. I'm sure he did a great job. But I'm just double checking out. Because we had a couple of people who sounded like almost two minutes said, man, oh, man, it was common. And then somebody even mentioned, remember, I think it was me, which I apologize for. That was a low shot. And I was a below the bell shot and I apologize. Profuse that. Get the, I guess, even if I had 10 points for that. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I was on Yato train. It was in early January up near Watson. And of course, that's the worst experience you could have. It was going on net things. But it's like an airliner. Very similar except they put it in a holding tank. And after you flush a thing open, then it comes on the track. After you flush, it dumps on the track. Yep. So the only difference is that they actually have a receptacle at the bottom. The one in Europe, there was nothing there, just a hole at the bottom. Well, this thing I'm putting it in a receptacle, which dumped into this little water like what? I have a blue, they magic blue liquid. I love it. And magic blue waters. And they run it through this thing called a master radar, which is like a blender. Yeah. And then it goes out the bottom. All right. Thanks for the good news, sir. By the way, one more thing. Yes, sir. I don't know if anybody told you I just tuned in. How do you tell me squad? I'm on the attorney on TV who was complaining about the video games. What I don't know if you can mention his name. Oh, you mean Jack Thompson? I didn't see it. I heard about it. I heard he's starting up again. He's got to have something to keep in busy. Boy, it was on 60 minutes with some other guy. They were, they're going to sue the makers of the, the doom game. Oh my God. Great. Like I said, keep them off the streets. There you go. Have a great day, sir. Same old, tired stuff, but a same old crusading. And there we go. Just like this couple, we got the Paul and Jodie Hoffman, the undergrad, everything is a gay conspiracy. Everything is filthy. Everything is so dirty. Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. Bull crap. Bull crap. If you don't, if you don't have enough basic common sense, comment and intelligence to respect human life and other difference between blowing somebody away and a video game, then all I can say is, great the camp. Okay, and I don't mean summer camp. What's the plan? Then they're talking about the, the frontal lobe of the brain and the criminal mind, all us other pseudo intellectual horse crap. How come it's like in America? See, we do have these terrorist things going on like the one they had in London. They have the night at the G. Bar, and then the one they had to do the two previous ones. And guess what? Three days later, they catch the guy. They got his ass right now. The guy with a baseball cap, they did the three terrorist bombings in London, the past, a couple of weeks. Right now, how come over there? How come the goddamn bloody silly British? How come their police work is so much better than ours? That the TV news anchor woman that got shot and killed over there a few days ago, they already got the composite drawing of the suspect. They're going to have him in no time at all too. But over here, we go, you know, I guess they wouldn't have good for Judge Judy. What? And by the way, Mayor Crotch. Where are we? He's off. He's history. That's where we're probably might up in Tamarack. Where we'll hit one out of in Wilton Manors. W. Riverplaced for red crotch. Wilton Manors. By the way, how's that brook Daniel show coming on? Anybody see that? Where did? Where did? Nice thought. Brook. Here's a woman that took the rickens of the audience and destroyed us. They had to have the brook Daniel's memorial concentration camp for destroying an entire audience. She butchered them. She destroyed them. She made them disappear. And Hank Goldberg, right away, says, thank you, profusely brook. Thank you profusely for driving the a car audience. That's yeah. You ought to salute her today, Hank. You ought to come into silence to salute to that babbling brook. Even people at our gamblers that never watched a ball game that couldn't give a crap less even there listening to the Humper Right. Now, this is the way of protesting that babbling idiots. And a fashion that's he soldier. I think, Pete, have you ever seen people's here in Slobio on the most of it's together? Same person. He just dies his hair at the joint over here. He dies at it to joint. Here's Coral Gable. Hello. Yes sir. I don't believe that last caller about the dump and that the bottom of the train. Yeah. That's how you do it sir. You dump on the tracks. Right up the track. You know what I'm going to do? I just, I got a brainster while he was talking. I'm going to my next vacation. I'm going to just stay on the train. I'm going to take the German tour. I'm going to cover the attack. I'm going to crap on the rindling. That's what I'm going to do. I'm just going to take like a tour of a tall. I'm going to take a whole bunch of tour of a tall one. And the whole time I'm going to be like, two loose log tracks all over the rindling is the way I get even with those Nazi bad dudes. That's pretty wild. Hey, hey listen, I got a couple of a barbra trying radio ratings. I hear you hear me. Ray, we love you. I was wondering, do I should be giving the ratings to brothers and of the new of course? Whoever you listen to sir, you don't want to twist your arm. Should I, should I, should I write that I listen to you today but not on Thursday and Friday so that it looks like the ratings go up. Have a great day sir and God bless you. All right. Okay, loving kisses. We don't want to influence you but listen a lot. 5.6.7. 5.6. The pump 5.6. The on the, yeah, the real nervous up there in Beltsville, Maryland. Like we need to fix diaries on this show. We're sitting there with over any 11 share and men 25. What do we have last winter, by the way? Where was that book? Is it here is in my house? The full rating book. Somebody in the building will know what did we do? That's first. Remember we had the gigantic first book. Men 25. 54. We couldn't have certainly done much better than that. And 11 share and men 25. 54. Between 10 and 2. Which will have the exact number when we have strapped. When fat boy gets around we're straplating it. When the heart, hardware comes in if he doesn't eat it first. Oh and by the way, I'm so glad that guy called about arbitron. God bless you sir for more reasons than one. You want to know why? Because guess who hasn't been writing? Guess who hasn't been writing about the arbitron books. All the time I've had all these great numbers over here and the stations have been doing pretty damn good. Most of the time, damn real damn good. You know, I'll give you a hint. Yes, I guess what? It's not a trend anymore. It's the full book time. Jika, we're waiting with suspended animation. Three to write a big fat piece and your god damn newspaper there. And a scum Sentinel about how QAM kicked very serious. Correct. Not sure that bit fact, fact, it'll mid day, but every day part, morning, mid day, afternoon. Even the night time on up a little which is a major miracle. In fact, you know something we probably have better numbers than night if we were broadcasting the miracle as opposed to the Marlins? Any interest in the Marlins games whatsoever? No. Marlins in the brewer's. That's a biggie tonight. No. You see no more comments about the job you did. I'm just wondering how they all of a sudden dummy up. They planned up. They're a bunch of pussy. The ones that want to rip you in there, they're terrified to call because they think that I'll hang up all in a right away. And the ones that want to kiss your ass, they want to do it right to you. They don't want to tell me. They're too cowardly to speak to me directly. Like I've said before, there's a pussy on every street corner man in this town. There's a whole bunch of pussy's on every street corner. You hear your hands? My honey. Boy, buttertail. How I love the ricca, Clinton, that is why I become a ding, let's be a nun. Mr. Mary, Katherine, what's going for it? With what I done, you gave me action with her son. Oh, right. Can you see, for fair families, that's just someone's number one. The five-eye was on nun. Yeah. Found a way to make some passion, hope to roll, you'll keep roulette because required nuns don't get nun. I never made it that big because I didn't look back great. So I got the unhu had it to and drug them getting way. Had my one and only hit them then no that it didn't get hit. The Pope said, there's my big. Now that I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally to go with when in my week. I'm going to zap it in in five, sixty wq on the award-winning Hank Goldberg show. I'm especially courtesy of Brooke Daniels by the way. Has risen to the top and above the top. Nice going, Brooke. He'll be here at two from my Schuillistake, too. Our poll question today is, can I smell some much? What are we going to do about the ethnic minorities in this town, by the way? Well, sir, I'm thinking of these ratings. Can you imagine numbers we could have if a word for these full and Spostations? Look at every another Schuillistation's went down. It couldn't fight as many Sparsons. They were busy doing something. I'm not sure what. Maybe each other reproducing. But they sure made up with it with Julio's in this last rating book. Radio Mumbi. Look at them going through the roof there. 12 plus number two overall. Look at that. What a bogus thing that is from a 440 or 530. Their cum goes jumping away up there in midday. They're looking at it. 435 and midday at audio mumbi. No speaking waste. And a cum is going up. How can we be going up? Are we bringing in more old Cuban people? Is that it? Yes! Thank you. Yeah, that's what we're doing. Why do you think that they never run out of players at the domino games in Domino Park? Every time some old, crusty old Cuban fart dies down there, they ship into no ones. Here's a lady in color red, chill out. Yes, the morning meal. Yes, man, good afternoon. I want to be British bloody females. I want a greater line. It's too bad we couldn't understand what they were saying on the airline, but they were speaking about British. I've been listening to you for 19 years. Right. And I listened to George when you're gone. He's very polite and he does a great job. There you go. He does a great job. What's with all these star pushes we got out there. No matter what we do, we got nothing but instant criticism. They should turn the novice. I don't like it. They should tell me what they are doing. They're turning their novice. Oh, no, no, no. I'm still going to different novice. But I think you did a great job. What we stopped at the Heathrow. You don't want to wait back for names to them. Make our connection. What a place. Heathrow? I can't stand. To toilet. I got to, I got to a graduate. It's most civilized. In fact, at Heathrow, you don't even have to look for the toilet. Because when the mood strikes you, you're in the toilet. You just let loose. You just cut it loose. Many of them walking around there. Although we didn't enjoy a little snack in there. It had a little toe to the hole and some spotted the reliance. Oh, well, the dick right. Right. Yeah. It's a joke. I want a full job. The spot's always scared me away. Okay. Well, listen, thanks for the good news. And George, how's the key, your meat is? I'll try to do one of those for that. See you again. We'll get work. That's what you got to eat at the airport. Okay, thanks. Bye bye, Neil. Thank you, bye. And love that virgin Atlantic Airlines boy. And they're the best. They're great. I'm telling you, man. What a great airline of the price like that. Wow. I can be a four-negable back and forth every weekend. I think now. 560, 560, 560, on a mobile online. Here's a mobile and cool per city. Hello. Yeah. I can wait. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm a public work. I was watching CNBC, the stock program. And some fellow came on Rob, Blazer, CEO of RealNetwork. And he commented, he said, well, not your program. You have your program, real network. I can wish it the new Rogers on the 2AM. Yeah. I was surprised to hear you name on the television there. How do you like that? I was probably 10 David put him up that call. You know, Ted David at WorkSundCNBC on a stock stuff. He's a great, great, great. Call me a few weeks ago and he was done here on vacation. Oh. Probably Ted calling and doing a little plug. Nice, Ted. That was nice. Yes, sir. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. I think you do kill on the skater or something. Kill a cockroach or a toss. I thought it was it. But we got a lot of open lines here today. Very weak. I'm going to do. I'm going to enjoy the rest of my lunch. This is too easy. Yeah. Yeah. But I've tried it. They're monster man. They're gigantic. And here it is. Made the series. They're bigger than ever. My find the one. Oh, right. He's diving. When I say, I wanted that way. Could have me. Got to above the park. And be true to your heart. With you, babe. I wanted that way, fill me with my energy, so that it's all I'm gonna say, tell me why you hate me, I'm gonna say, tell me why I hate you, so that it's all I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, tell me why I'm if you don't wanna say, tell me why I'm gonna say, Now I should be that reform and a fault But believe that in you should be Yeah, no matter this is because I want you to know That you doubted I was me You wrong My fire, the one Is I a belong You know what I'm getting Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm getting Still Just mind Lord baby the back street boys they're bigger than ever it's made the third nineteen ninety nine and somebody last year doubting com is said oh you're from now nobody ever hear that many more they're no in sync you're out of sync and out of line so anyway I'm gonna wait till i feel like the break i have got the attend to number even you be better strapped yourself in right now when you hear the number that we did here in his last book i'm gonna tell you right now the president of beesley's with their crappy suits they ought to be in the here on their hands in these right now but we'll pass because i just had lunch i'm serious man this is so unbelievable on this make believe god damn radio station to get a number like this even an ampton am i never got a number like that i had a few numbers ten past noon at five sixty w two way i'm gonna do yourself a big favor today get to the full in order yourself a brand new mattress from our good friend to dial a mattress then you find a good number and you can do it right on that great new mattress since nineteen seventy nine dial a mattress have been selling quality name brand mattress is the top son of business service really seven in lots more at up to sixty percent off the part of the surprise is many delivered you in just a couple hours after make the call in the extra charge when they get there they set up in mattress they take away the old nasty crappy betting and if you're not a hundred percent satisfied they take the mattress away the new one with no questions act it's a hundred percent guarantee you can't go wrong you're going to save a ton of money and sleep better tonight too call right now have your mattress set up in your house in just a few hours start sleeping in serious comfort starting tonight and if you mentioned the erod your show they'll take fifty bucks more off the purchase of a premium mattress call vial mattress right now toll free it's one eight hundred m a t t r e s one eight hundred m a t t r e s leave off the last as it stands for straka this is five sixty two way out now and the girl is still a barrower now expect you won't be relaxed I'm is the Young was on the  academy visit your neighborhood Andougerouw quando Hyuitp Setter does storrow Yosh Yoshield Why! To the state Kex Myth With over Vegetable Psych You ranch Kinesis End couple of the cross 16 at five sixty w camboreti pressing story Caroline a hurricane is defense in Steve Chaseon was killed early Monday when his pickup truck over turn by returning home from the teams play off lost in Boston Chaseon 32 anative of very Ontario died about four fifteen this morning in north rally to perkeel a horn of the state highway patrols said Speaking of more bad news these numbers that we just brought in here by our new hot chuck parents I think Jeff high gave us to. He was there. He was lurking in the hallway. I saw him. Like I said, where you could smell? Well, that's right. I got him confused with Josh Friedman now. But at any rate, thank you very much, Josh, whatever your name is, Josh High. But these are from last year from the Witton Book Lab, which I did ask for these right? Wow, look at that. From 10 to 2 last year, men 25, 54. We had a 12.7. Woof, we're not going to do no talk. We might do about 11.5. Now that they're on the this place, here's a mobile and tempered pie. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. That's two things to say. Uh-huh. Talk hockey and horses. Hockey first of all. I can't believe you missed all these play. Are those, do you watch while you're over there? No. Not at all. How come they seem? Of course not. I don't know. I figured the way you travel, everything first class. And everything. Yeah. What you can do is scrounge for the scores and the highlights. That's all you can do. And that's about it. Well, there have been some phenomenal games. You got home in time last night to see the end of the pitch. Purgent. Yes, sir. Oh, what's that just amazing? Mm-hmm. I've been just to phenomenal. Anyhow. And it's probably a well-younger's planted about 60% probably. You still injured. He's still got the bad groin. He goes in there gets the time goal with just a little. I'm going to end the game with the stockings. Rock a makes that unbelievable pass to set up the overtime litter at the distant incredible. It was phenomenal. Now, when the last time you've seen a seven and an eight seed boat advance in the same year, it's been a while. Yeah. That's just something kind of interesting. Yeah, but I'll face it. It's not like Buffalo and Pittsburgh were bad teams. No, not at all. But still, it's just, you know, you don't see it. It's not like a Western conference where you've got some really garbage team. Four teams over there. We have to do that. Four teams over there that can run along the west. Anyhow. Meanwhile, I take it. You also didn't see the Derby. No, he did not. OK. And has anyone called you get to tell you how much exposure? No pun intended. 80 C. Gave Hank? No. He was calling the damn race without Michaels. I mean, it was, it was him and now Michaels. Do it. Hank had more exposure. I can't believe you were calling the race. What do they do? No, no, no, no. They don't call it a race. No, not calling the race. Like Dave Johnson. Right. But he was right there. It was, I mean, like, how Michaels and Hank over it. Yeah. They were the two main guys. You do understand that Hank owes it all to Brook Daniel. Well, yeah. I just couldn't, and can I tell you something on, thanks for half. Yeah. He looked and sounded better than he has in a long long time. He's not going to wait. Well, I mean, no, that's the, actually, I mean, someone not to trust him because he didn't. He wasn't dressing like the shot. But you know, when you're, when you're a big fat, tubby guy, like he, and it's been most of his life, and like I used to be, it's very hard to, to dress, to find anything that, you know, a nice looking dress. All right. Well, ABC really played him up and he, uh, he was up to the task and he, uh, did the hell with the challenge. And I believe that he also had this killer book. He'll probably be on his way to, you know, the rumor is that he's going to the fan in New York. So, can I give you a good joke, right? And one last thing. Yes. He shoots and scores. Okay. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the mobile one line. We've got 400 open lines today. Here's somebody wants the best Georgian sunrise. Hello. Yeah. I just want to say, I'm glad you're back. Yeah. Could you bring the tapes back? I mean, he kept saying he was holding his A material that never ever even showed up. He's a little bit of a little bit of a tear line of that. Yeah. He was against vouchers. But then he's going to use them. He was going to say that. Women's, yeah, women's feet. Because he had no topic at all. But they smell. Shrolling for calls. He was just a wanted. What was he was trolling for calls on Diane for calls? He has more calls in one day than I get in a week. Yeah. Well, this is con George. Okay. Thanks. Here's a guy like you showed George. So we had to make a few things up. Okay. To justify his position. He's just a position. I'm asking for honest opinions here. And I'll get a bunch of wise guys, which is fine. 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Just want to tell you about a endorsement. You just got a national TV about half hour ago. Just heard about it. You did hear about the NBC. Right. Ted David. I know it was my good buddy. Ted David. You're a great guy. No, I know. If Ted wants to make it perfect, he can give me a tip on a good stock. And I can get out of here. This is the year every day on QAM. All right. And just want to let you a good news. Thank you, sir. God bless you. God bless Ted David. Good Jewish boy. He's the only exception of the world. Don't ever trust anybody with two first names. Except Ted David at one time will make this exception. Like Michael said in Godfather one, just this one time K, you can ask me about my business. I'm still going to lie to you. I'm still going to tell you. But nevertheless, how do you like that? Ted David. They love me on CNBC. Like I said, one of the give me a stock. I don't want to talk about stocks like Rick and Soth's all they did. Nice job there, boys. And they had a big to keep a job over there in the morning or at any other time. Because this genius, the assassin over there is putting no talents like. On the air. God. And you wonder why I've been to business. There are some talented people. There's some good people in this business. And then there's Pete Bolger. There's him. He's an asshole. He makes malosebix. Look like a goddamn Soth-a-school teacher. Like the good humor man. That's what kind of an assassin he is. In fact, I got news for it. If he offered a woman as house to all the Albanians, they would turn him down. They'd all say, that's right. We'll stay out here in the middle of the desert and then spend for ourselves. We'll stay in tense city. Thank you. Because we know that when push comes the shove, you'll push us off the cliff. You'll stir your stick it to us. And I know you're listening right now. Pete and believe me. This isn't stick. This is for real. This is from the heart. It's right from the back. Why do you? And I don't only are you in a assassin, but you're a dumb assassin. You're not only a screw people over, I mean, big time, but you don't even know what you're doing. You know what I'm talking about? But that piece of silly pusher on here. All we got to hear one more time about how she waxed her thing or whatever she did. Remember that? You know where she belongs? She's on her wrong station. She belongs on waxy. That's where she belongs. She could be under taken Sandy Payton's spot. And I do mean spot. She could be a movie then on her spot. The one that Anne vacated, I guess? Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Well, right. Back. Thank you. Listen, couple comments. First, hockey comment. I thought those penguins and maple leafs yesterday. Yeah. Amazing. I normally, you know, would help you get free yesterday. They said he wrapped his leg. He was wearing skin diaries pants. Is that it? Yeah. They helped to help him with his groin. But normally, I don't like the geek, like the geek, Gamerick, but he did have a good comment yesterday, late in the game on the penguin game. Yeah. So there's 15,000, 335 fans and attendance. And if the penguins win, there's going to be another 15,000 that said that they were going to be here. Right. I thought that was pretty good. So in other words, I was at the real memory just picking a number because they'd play a whole 17,000. No, he said, hey, that's what I thought. But he said 15,000. Well, let me take a look, sir, because I know that in some of the playoff games in Pittsburgh with that lagging franchise that hang in by a threat on, you know, my real wants to bail them out. And some other, let's see, attended your right. 15, 370, 60 had 1600 and the unsolved states for a big playoff game, a pivotal playoff game that turned out to be one of the great games you'll ever seen in your life. And they had 1600, and they want to save that franchise. Those people in Pittsburgh don't deserve that franchise. Well, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's a great sports count. But how would you like to swap the penguins for the Panthers? Do you want to do that right away? No. Why not? No. Well, the other thing is if you don't take the penguin team for the Panther team? No. OK. That other thing on the article, if you watched the replay again, Yager was going to the bench and just at the end of his shift. And as soon as he saw a straw at the blue line, steel the pocket made a U-turn and took a B-line right from in that. No. You wouldn't get any of that effort from the Panthers. OK. Have a great day. I missed my point. I was saying, would you take the peng? You mean, you thought I wanted to say I was saying, uh, OK. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound. I just don't express myself well. Maybe if I could just become a little bit more articulate, a little bit more outspoken. If I come out of my shell, I just express myself and see what I meant. Maybe then I could get my plate across you. Think so. No. Sorry. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the animal, the one I see. We've only wanted to trouble makers. They thought you did just fine. And you're all paranoid and psychotic in there. And don't tell me that you're not the best. I guess you won't get it. Just say little Julio Faggot that bug you when you're on the air. I didn't talk to any of them. No, that's what was bugging me last week. And they've been calling off the air, too. Yeah. We'll take away their goddamn visa and master card and goddamn FN American Express, too, OK. Energy, C-Penny charge and Sears and their passport and deport their ass. OK. Send them out to Baltimore for that game tonight. And then have to take them back in the fix them up good. Bunch a little spix, bunch a little no life spix. They got a little club, a little grab ass club. That's what they got. But, you know, what do you expect? Or you expect from a bunch of repressed little Julio's. That's a deep club you moron. I see anyone rose an Amsterdam by the way, Al. Not. I mean, some effort they made, they know the hotel where they sat at. Rose calls these a message we hadn't checked in. The rooms are going to be ready for a couple of hours. We don't get the phone number. I don't have his phone number there. We go, we're going to doorbell over there a few times. Try everything in our power if you believe that to get a hold of them. Did they call back to the hotel? No. They didn't want to see us, I guess, huh? No. OK. Planet where AT valve for men. And no, it's the continuing episode of Beaver in but hair. That's cool. This is a fool. I'm stroking my waders. Yeah. Yeah. I know that feeling. Yeah. I'll go and see if you'll pretty good. I'll be. Soon in the next episode when butt head hangs up with Beaver's mom. As you fart. Yes, I did. That was nice, huh? Yes. Yes. Hopefully, 1 at 560WQM happy Monday to you, a very little tharget crowd is usual. I expected to come back from vacation and this tower would be like smoking. Like it was when I left. Oh, that was the Everglades. That was smoking. So what happened to the rain a little bit while I was gone or what? It rained a little bit. They got some control burns going on. They got an individual. That's no fun. Wasn't it a lot more fun watching the Rick Sanchez go on his Therical on the nightly news and seeing how much closer the fires were getting to residential areas and it were getting ready to cross the Everglades, you know, alligator rally. Wasn't that a lot more fun for the crazy people in the media? 56050560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. I want a candy bar. What? Do we have those little Snickers bars or did Jeff high eat them all? What were they? Were they Snickers? Were they like just a little tiny like those King Queen size? Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir. Good to have you back. I was coming to let you know. I mean, there is a Julio or a bag. And I don't agree with most of the things you say, but you are very entertaining. Yes. George had no material whatsoever. All he did was talk about Star Wars and how what a bad time you had in high school. I saw a lot of things coming. I had a lot of water. Yeah. So next time definitely the tape. Okay. He was caramelized. Okay, thanks for the endorsement. No chance on the tape. And it's not a question like are we voting on the tapes again because other tapes come back first not? No. I mean, I'm just asking for an honest opinion. I can't give these people out. This guy at least whether you liked it or not, he said his piece. Okay. He thought you sucked. Next time, remember. No, sir. I'll see. You are taking his personal now. Oh, we need to do a hockey show. That's what we need to get these numbers back then to a more manageable level. Like ones and twos. Yeah, what you start doing these big numbers again, double digits. Oh, go off. Oh, man. It gets to be an unmanaged and untenable situation. Here's a mobile and camera. Hello. I'm going to do a great sir. Oh, that's fabulous. You've got to come back from a wonderful vacation. I'm back here and this is the outdoor toilet. Oh. You just, you kill anyone you're gone. I just, I picture all the fun things you're doing. And I'm stuck here in this successful. Oh, but it's successful, people. But anyway, George, I can tell from the first time George was on to this time. Yeah. Marked improvement. It's a lasting guy. But I had a lot of. Right. I, he's a much more entertaining now. And some intellectual conversations. You know that. We had intellectual conversations. Yeah. They were some, there's some good religious stuff going on. They didn't know. Tell me, did religion again? Oh, no. He did another guy. Try to tell him. Unless he's willing to accept the God damn Lord. He's never going to make it in this business. I know. Jesus Christ. More anti-religious stuff, Dammit. It was pretty good stuff. Hey, tell me what do you think. Um, blues coming back from you. Three one down. We got a chance on them on Tuesday. Yeah. The great wall of hobby boy. Yeah. He's like more like a, uh, siv. He has played a very, very good series so far. He had theories. Oh, an excellent job. When I saw, I saw a low light. He was letting in goals that I could have stopped at my grandma. Could have stopped even dead for 25 years. They had a, the blues had a, a two on none on a, on a short handed situation. Yeah. He stopped them dead gold. I know you hate the blues. But, um, I do. Yes. Like I said, let's go Phoenix. Okay. Let's go. I like the guy I'm seeing in international said, how about the, boob, boob, boob, boob, boob. Booblin. That's what he called him. How about boob, boob, booblin. I got probably came from soft 40s. We were a hockey expert that got in seeing. And they got these people on CNN international. They all had that real comes depicted. They're either from South Africa. And they stopped like they haven't had a ball movement about 30 years. They may have been riding trains over those tracks too much to lose a lot of tracks. All of a sudden we got hockey talk here. How about this, panthers coming into playoffs, by the way. There are some of the panthers in front of the net. But, uh, trying to get a shot. And I went like another shot. The panthers and... Oh, God! God! The game is over and that's for too little. On the power, play 59, point 2 seconds. And this place has become a more. I want to tell you a little curie to away when I call great, the great Joe Bowman. But I'm going to say this. At least, at least he was hysterical. The worst call of a big goal in the history of the sport. Bob Cole on CBC lies that I think Bob is napping in these games. You know, I think he's taking a little nap now. And then somebody poking, maybe here we need to. Give him a little poking to ribs. Tell me just go to goal. Okay, Harry. Man. Old King Cole is a, uh, my real soul. I think it's time to ship him back to San John. See you, Koli. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, George Rodriguez is, uh, I'll take you there and I'm a brawler to pick and I enjoy listening to him. And these ones that are calling haven't read a good book. And it's, uh, uh, a green egg and ham problem. Since green eggors, right? No, um, I hope he gets a little show when he says. Hi, I'm I. Thank you so much. God bless you, sir. Oscar Kier, me, this and George, just give you a big juicy wet one. And it gets to five six seven. Oh, five sixty, pound five sixty on a mobile in line. See it's your people that like you. Do you have a fixed day like you? I'm better get the forecast on me. Call it the sequel of the sequel. Okay, come down. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, yeah, sir. Um, Oliver Reed died. Yeah, love it. Uh, the age of 61. Did you like his? Did I like his one? His work. Didn't like his work. Such as one. Well, the thing is, I have to say, I don't really know. I wouldn't know. Oliver, I wouldn't know. Oliver Reed from Rex Reed. Okay, the only reason I, I was going to say I don't really know his movie work. But he was on David Letterman one. Yeah. He was the night. I really can't stand David Letterman. He was drunk. He was obnoxious. He was belligerent. I thought that was cool. Excellent. I like that. Yeah. So we lost the good man. Thanks for the bad news, sir. We lost the good man. Steve Chase on got killed from Carolina Hurricanes after they got to knock out of the playoffs last night. As pickup truck, I went off the road north Carolina. See all the bad things happened in North Carolina, George. I tried to tell you that. Terrible place. Yeah. Anti-social misfits. Yeah. Misfits. Misfits. What is it? Remorse. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Can't hear where you're saying. Sorry about that. There you go. So to give you a quick rundown of Oliver Reed. He was an Oliver Twist. And he also did that movie for him to offerings with Karen Black. Yeah. Wasn't bad. Was he cross side of Karen Black? Yeah. I do like Karen Black. But the pronounced cross eyes, it's just you're always looking at her eyes, you know. That's true. That's for George. He is really a nice guy. Yeah. He's very intelligent. Right. But his funny is a bleeding hemorrhoid. Yeah. That's true. He's just not. He pitches. And about different things, which is cool. I don't do that. But you bit no. But you pitch, but you're funny. I don't pitch about different things. That's not a different thing. You're funny. Yeah. You're not gonna be surprised to be funny, and I'm funny when he had bitches. And that's my personal opinion. I like the guy. Right. He's pretty interesting guy. But he just don't be stupid. He's just stick to the intellectual stuff. Right. Don't be funny if you're not a funny guy. Right. I mean, I've always said that. Right. I mean, that's just my opinion, but I don't want to. And I would agree. I don't find George funny. I don't want to think like I'm picking on the guy. George is right, but I don't find him funny. Very short. No, I just don't. I don't find him funny. I mean, there are people in this building. I find funny and a very, pretty, they don't intend to be funny in a very bizarre way, which or just not, I never thought of him as being funny. He's a smart serious guy. Right. That's right. He really is. He's widely misunderstood. Go go, I always say go with your strengths. I mean, you're not. Better for a key. That's right. You have a lot of flaws. I need to go or do that. Try go my strong suit. Go with your strong suit. Go with my great personality and my Jewish wit. And that gets me from that kid to me from here to the door. Well, thanks. I can go and I like George and I don't want to. Yeah, we don't believe you. He says. Don't say it again. I'm going to start doubting you. I'm having a great day. So what do you think? Does he like you George? No. Okay. I didn't know I was trying to be funny. Neither do the audience. Okay. Twenty-two-one is five-sixty WQM. Let's just calm down a little bit. Okay. Let's not get all whipped up about a bunch of crazy old Cubans that are starting up a big song and advanced about cigar fishing and auto magazine in Miami International Airport just because bearded fidelity delas on the cover with Bubba. I wonder what they're doing to each other by the way, huh? I wonder what they're doing with that cigar with that tip of a rllo? Well, that's wish your sweet, that Fidel is a yankin' on, huh? I wouldn't be surprised if Bubba sticking over and got it up Fidel's. Yeah, they might like to cover better if they saw that. If they'd stopped the insuance, well, forget about that. Just worry about getting a great cigar. In fact, cigar fishing, not a one-year-old, when you do open up that very controversial copy at MIA or wherever you pick it up, you'll discover that they love Nixon's. Five to the top brands for 1998 were manufactured by Nixon, more than any other manufacturer in the world. That's to the MS. I'm just looking up if you don't believe me. And of course, because of the fact that Nixon is the manufacturer and they cut out the middleman, it means that you're lucky enough right here in town to be able to buy as factory direct pricing. Great cigars. It's good as some of the biggest names in the world and even better. So do yourself a favor if you really enjoy popping a good one in your post every now and in. And a cigar too. Check out Nixon's. 71 11 West Flagress Street in Miami. Just take the flagress remix it off your pulmetal expressway. Go east one mile and you'll be right there or call Nixon 305. 266 9907 say to Helmet Fidel and head instead for Nixon's in Miami. Six on the lawn in your post get your six. This is five six week. You a yeah. I'm going to hell you down. Oh, can't. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh. Where Oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, where'd I? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, uh, rural area. Alright. But 4, 4, 4, 5 and 5, 5, 6, 8, Free All updating for some good guys all review results have improved. Our got to see. Destruction system functioning just so that controls control. These are the damned and Michael Winner is the Joker's. He achieved international prominence with his performances as Bill Sykes in Uncle Carol Reed's Oliver. As arrogant and entranced, the mind owner of Gerald Critch in Ken Russell's Women in Love, and as the hot blood of Aethos and Richard Lester's Musketeers movie of the 1970s, let's have some pathos for Aethos. It says, we'd continue to appear in films and increasing the on TV, but I don't think so, because he just died. Do you know who that is? I don't know who that is. What you're an intellectual, I'm just a dumb sloth. Mr. Funny. At least I got good taste in music, which you don't. That's okay. You can laugh all you want at the back door, boy. See, it's one thing about me. I don't care what you think. And I don't care what anybody else thinks. That's a problem that you're going to have to overcome. You're very uptight about what these people think. You pretend that you don't, but you're very nervous about it. You wouldn't be mentioning it. Even the first day I sat down and it's got forsaken town, and I realized back in those days, I'm a cheap GTA T, I was talking to people that couldn't be my great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandparents. I didn't give a crap what they sawd because they were old and seen all anyway. By the way, I mentioned how my dogs were in bad shape but I came back yesterday and my mother was losing it. And I didn't mention that yet today. I might mention that there were lunch tomorrow just before I funded off for the nursing home. No seriously, I come back and using my dogs. They're both always neurotic when we come back after these three to three years! These are me who are called Zary once they were in tava. My mother always neurotic when we come back, after these long variations. In my mother, you know she mean well, but after 5 or 10 minutes, And of course after like nine or ten days and you can't even talk back, you know? And my golden retriever's like, you know how they get the hot spots and they say he hasn't done that in ages. I can't remember last time he had that problem. He's like all red underneath and you can see he's been chewing himself up like from aggravation. And this morning he wouldn't eat and he was like neurotic. He needs the doggy doctor. I think the shrink. Oh, those two words. I'm seriously. I never the whole time I was in vacation and never crossed my mind, but all of the suddens have come back yesterday, nursing home. It just has such an interesting ring to it, you know? Always nice to have someplace called nursing home. Here is a candle. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to tell you about George. I think you did a nice job. He's been getting better. Oh, it's Tony and Kendall. No, that's not Tony. You sound just like Tony. I'm not Tony. Okay, sir. That's okay. Exactly like Tony from Kendall. You must be a nice guy. He's a good guy. I probably look like him too. Are you dark? No. Oh, he's dark. He's darker, you are. No, I look like a girl. You're a little cute. Hittler, you. Okay. Yeah. I think I peed on you from the train and you're a colonial today, by the way. Oh, well, thank you. And you're welcome. And by the way, Tokyo, that's called shrimping. The whole thing with the foot. Yeah. Yeah, the looking and sucking. Oh, I'll play. Okay, have a great day, sir. I'm looking in sucking a feet. Hello, what's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? I don't want to hear about Joe. Joe, like I said, he's from the wrong side of the tracks. He's from the side that everybody peed on, I think. I'm serious. He's from the wrong side of the track. He doesn't like this. He doesn't like that. Well, what does he like? You know, he's just shave his nuts. How can a one hand? How can a guy shave his nuts? He doesn't like feet. I mean, if feet are clean, I can understand. They're like dirty feet, but you wouldn't like anything that's dirty. I would assume I can think of things that are dirty that are lot more than the dirty feet. There's one example for you. But well, nice clean feet. What is wrong with feet? Jesus Christ. I love feet. Legs. Legs are great. You won't go past the ankle. Now, the legs I like might be a little heavier than the ones you're into, but never less. Huh? He won't go past the ankle. Is that upper down? Oh, God. That's what somebody in the building was telling me. To I said, well, you know, keep working on them. I don't want to mention who it was. Here's a mobile important thing. Lucy, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I thought you had said, Chris, for Reed died. I was just about to tell to my chair. I was just about to tell to my chair. I was just about to tell to my chair. Reed? Yeah, that's super man. No, not yet. Okay. You know, I like George II, but I agree with the last cover. He is a little too serious, but he's a serious guy. You know, on the year off the year, he's just a potty mouth, uh, you know, but I'm a little like him. He should be spying the lead into like Jack Hole or a little like his or someone. Oh, yeah. No. I spent a year in Brussels. Yeah. And, uh, you know, we used to go to Amsterdam once a month or so. Yes. For the women. You know, if you know how they sit in the windows there on the else free area. No. Do they have guys that do that now? No, they sit in the windows. No. No, seriously. No, they don't. Oh, so that's that. Why do you go there? For prostitutes? No. No. Whatever. I didn't go for the art. No, I don't go for a serve. If you have to pay for it, and answer them, you must be, uh, over the nine. That's all I can tell you. Good fun. Okay. I'm glad you're going to get good. Most of the women in the in the windows are hate to break the news to you. If you like like trying to take a somebody, what was your name that just died from good times? Big fat. She just died. That's the role. Yeah. If you like your women like that. Really? Really? Pully. Then you'd like a lot of these women at the same. And the doorways. They're dark and they're really pulling. There was there was one bitch and I do mean bitch. She was standing there. And of course they're like a very scatly clad to say the best. And those windows. She had thighs like else you the boarden cow. She made Oprah look like Miss Twiggy. She had more salilate on one thigh than some entire country's do. And yet they're obviously either doing a business. You know, but, you know, some people like to pay for it. And more power to him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. This is the show where we try not to pay for anything. Here's a by the way. Love that virgin and latic airlines. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Come back. Thank you. I really enjoyed listening to George last week. It was certainly not you. But, uh, I don't know. But, yeah, no complaints. You're not another one of these milk contents that wants to critique. Air v. fart, air v. breath. Not at all. Not at all. He's not a comedian. He doesn't claim to be. He's a very stimulating. I would say George is about as funny as tuberculosis. He's not a funny guy. He's just, uh, but he's good, you know. Although Friday was great. Friday was unbelievable George. Up until 11 things. No, I enjoyed the whole show. I'm down yet. It was, uh, it was comedic. It's on the way. Until 11. I don't know why you guys. That's. After 11. You have to 11. Dynamite. Uh huh. Have a great day guys. Okay. Okay. After that, but that must have been the thing we do with the, uh, it started with Dave Johnson at 11. Then the phones came back on and then the massage people. What did they Johnson have to do with the massage people? Nothing. That was just, that's when it started. Then I mentioned on virgin and latic when you're an upper class. First they made it was off of you on the size. They wanted to take you in the upper deck. Do they like lay you down and I don't know. I didn't get a massage. Okay. I didn't get a massage. I know that comes to the great surprise to you. I'm just not on the size guy. You know, I don't mind giving one. I just don't want to get one. All depending on what's being massage at the moment. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. It's better to give them receive. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I enjoy your program. I just will make two quick comments. Number one, I think you're a real character. I think you got a good program. I've been listening to you over 20 years. Wow. The other statement is a reference to George. And I mean this respectful manner. George sounds like when he's on the radio, he's trying to rush. He sounds like he's looking at the clock. He just he throws out that, you know, that type of air to him. He's trying to make sure he's going to be able to get out of the clock. He's looking at the clock all the time trying to rush his program. Good point. You walk. Okay, thank you. Now, did we get that backward? Did he say you're welcome and I said, okay, don't rush. Just slow down. Okay, I don't realize. You don't have those nine minutes. I'm right. And you don't have something. By the way, I think it's another thing. There ought to be an actress next to this rating book that comes out. Oh, did you mention the time to get going to be able to tap on on Thursday. There's going to be on four red cappin or long-sighted cappin. The cappin is going to be on with one of those terminal of remote stay-do from flag there somewhere. Or from highlight. Oh, my God. Have you ever heard those things? No. Does anybody else know? No wonder. But, Jick is going to be on there. And I'm sure he'll be talking about the ratings not. Huh? What are you talking about the range? But I'm going to say it again. There ought to be an ashto risk. Next to those numbers for the fact that morning and afternoon drive on his station get those numbers with those nine minute commercial breaks. Or either that or maybe the audience is listening for the commercials. Do you ever think about that? Uh-huh. That might be it. So that's our poll question in a lot of clock hour. Would you rather hear the commercials in the morning or a Jell these voice? That's our poll question, which is a canless must macho. Because you know the great voices we have on our spots on this station. You know who's too, don't you? Those are the best. I always like a delicious cheese burger myself. I'm sorry Tommy, I couldn't resist. Okay. You just can't talk. We have an epidemic of those people. We have a lot of those guys around here. Good guys. They just can't speak, which is why they got in the radio. 1256 and 560 WQM don't. Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Do you love it? Is it for me? You toe, I want to promise you. I take role in making balls. That's it! If it was me whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! You might let me out of this pit Hell, I'll spend me for weeks, but I'm not complaining Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart But if you happen to see my mother We let it all, I'm not dead yet Dear ladies, I want to tell you that The guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me He kind of looked in top just like me But that surely purely coincidental I was nowhere near that place I love you too much to look at anyone else Dear ladies, I had a debtage to point for that day And I was nowhere near the shared metals and so tell I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good And wins all thoseary sexual that's funny I think I might let me out of this pit Minute after one at five sixty WCM the Hank Goldberg show from Shulis They two at two at a clock we got What do we got? Talking baseball, Donnie B. Six at clock Six thirty to Marlon pre-game show baby Marlon's and a Milwaukee brewer Any interest? Come on No Let's rally around those Marlon They want a couple of games since our left One There's six to nineteen They're doing it Any interest? Come on No I'd complain after the game, good luck Here's the plantation, hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Great I'm in response to your poll question Anything but Goldberg will suffice Okay I found me found somebody though I have actually a worse voice than Steve Goldstein Yes Aaron Pang Aaron Pang Yes, she's got a bad voice Oh it's horrible He sounds like a figure skater And also congratulations to the Leafs But you mentioned two weeks ago that the Bruins weren't even going to make it out of the first round I didn't think so They were floundering at the time I didn't know But I did say just in the neck of time I corrected myself I said, you know, that's what course you got to cover your tracks How did the alignment go now? Now cover your tracks like they say in Europe How did the alignment go now? Will the play through? Will go down? Well, all the pens of what happens tomorrow night You know, the high-SD plays the low-SD So the Leafs will play if the penguins went in Right, at least to play the penguins And if Jersey wins, the Jersey plays Buffalo Buffalo And the Leafs will play Boston Which I'd dread like crazy Because I just, I couldn't stand another series of Fudge and grab and no scoring Oh, I can't stand that style of hockey I know, that's one thing a lot of people may not realize Is the Leafs won a series that was played entirely The antithesis of their 65-all season long They've been playing wide open They score a lot, they depend on Joseph who did come through a big again But I mean, you know, they scored a total of nine goals And six games and they won a four of them Exactly, unbelievable Can you close the nail? Yes sir Shameless request anything with Camini Anything with Camini I guess they would have to be frinkusic Wouldn't that, do we have any Dale Arnold stuff in there? No, oh is he bad? Oh, god, no The worst Dale Arnold, he oughta go to camp for a while, you know? 560, 5060, pound 560, on the AT&T, where I was lying Please, when there are Pittsburgh, please, penguins Okay, the penguins and Leafs are serious for all time Why open, back and forth, 9 to 8, 10 to 7, some action I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry If one's not your one, make a romen Come back in four, count a hundred, watch the one Give you . . . One hundred,AND git, count more, send you . . Can you make it? Understood. I had him in some were you ? Yes, we have left the end Both Rob and the Act and admitted Conundately, he won body Of course, he's yourself I'm more just like soft Florida baby became a more glassed I just need to look at Roger Nielsen's push there. Oh man I love it and the greaser he just kind of like laid there like he didn't know what the scream reachachitis banana. Here's my Nielsen. Nielsen. How are you doing? Great. Listen I know you enjoy looking for stupid letters in the news tape for every day. Yes. Did you happen to see the one in the hell? That was under the NRAZEMED fault thing. No. Um it reads. It's a short one. It reads. When parents don't instill in their kids the daily practice of the ten commandments. And why are we shocked when kids carry out their criminal fantasies? That's right. That must be right. The ten commandments. That must be it. If we just forget the kids repeat the ten commandments and pray in school a lot more. Absolutely. Okay. Thank you. God bless you. How come we haven't heard nothing about that so those swathains out there. How did I make that comment? Another own members. It was critical of how they acted. That was tragic. I mean even at the time not knowing there was no way of knowing what was going on inside. Even at the time not knowing that you had to wonder I mean like when when is this whole thing that it get off the ground already? Overly cautious. Yes. And then come to fight out that 15 or 20 minutes after the whole thing started it was over with. And that's a two lunatics a minute suicide. And everybody else was like in there bleeding to death and terrified and the parents being in their pants for no reason at all. What's the sense of bringing all those porchers in if they're just going to like you know. Whatever was that they were doing. Well I mean God forbid anybody should risk their life. 560560. The AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. First of all George the next one job. And two I took a transfer transfer transfer train a couple of years ago and it's the same way on those trains. And you're available just dump it right on the tracks. You'll dump on the tracks. I'm so right on the track. And yeah and it was the same way when I went from here to New York so I made sure and took a plenty of dump. Well let me answer this. Now what about the paper. The paper was like down the thing that because the toilet has running water and it flushes it all right down. This this toilet didn't end the wind and water. Didn't have an anthrac you have running water. The only water that was running in this European train was water from my you know what. Yeah. Did you hear Limbaugh's comment about the. Well I want to hear any comment that he would make why wasn't some fat self indulgent. Not too bad to look him. Well I didn't hear but it was on CNN and his comment was that the teachers and the students that were old enough. We're allowed to carry fire on. We wouldn't be allowed that we wouldn't have this problem. There you go. Everybody would just put a gun in a hole still in stick it on. So that means. So that's the one. This is probably how the major shooting a wedding. We're working at the way man. Okay. And God bless you. Five six seven. Oh five sixty we got two 300 open lines here today. It's another one of those Mondays in the magic city. Two and up George and spinning him out here like so much garbage like so much discarded garbage after he works as brains off to try to entertain the troops out there for six god damn days while I'm over near on the other side of the pond having a great time not being here. That's what this town does to devour is it's young. Two is up everything in its wake. That's why it's such a freaking miracle. And by the way, Tom jica nobody gives a flying crack that Sandy Peyton was on a year here for more than 25 years. Because number one she ain't on a year anymore. And number two she never had a number she never she ever she had an audience so you could jam him in a goddamn phone booth. And have room for their dentures left over. Okay Tom. But because she used that. See everything with Tom jica and you know this. It's a it's a grab ass thing. It's a cluster fork. If Tom ever had you as a guest on the show like Sandy used to do it. It'll suck your ass. You know like I used to do so it kisses my ass even though he knows that I'm great. So you don't have much of a choice. Thanks Tom. But. And a same with that. I mean it's a good guy. What you got forward. Drunkson five G.A. members was in there tonight. That's what the book says. I just looked it up. It says forward. Drunk and six G.A. guys. Then what the odds and the volleyball on high school volleyball games. That's Eddie's audience. He's a good guy. But you have the audience. And jica's on their hanging out with these guys. The track. Oh, Eddie case. But I mean, but we're here. Daniel. Highline. We had the one dog over the three. Find out if not dogs. That's this is a high. Well, whatever. Insist is best. And he wrote that in yesterday's TV book. I don't miss a thing Tom. Okay. That super silliest crap about Sandy Peyton. He was a radio personality in this goddamn town. Have a nice day. Yeah, back at your bitch. Don't spend all I ends money. And one joint either, honey. And I do mean joint. I'm at a chapter one at five, 60. WCWM. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil. So I might as well have one with you too. All right. To take this promise. Just sterile man and to do it White's a half stick of butter. Leaves? Stick it all in abobo. St burning spools. Mix in a couple of games and chant. This turns with a brand-new school. Mix in a couple flowers. You'll be in the hands soon. All right. Say, everybody have a scene about their big and charging bath. I have a need of quick. Pick me up. Just kicking my balls in your mouth. Ooh! That's got my chocolate. So get the ball. Oh. Dig in the mouth and stuff them. Okay. That's got my chocolate. You're so good. I'm so proud to be a star. It's not that bad for a little bit of lunch. And you're good for you. I'm so proud of my balls. What a couple of unswinging chocolate. And I have a cup of grandjeer. It's been a while back until it's sugar. And just to fish on my nailer. Reather the cookies you eat. Because I hate when my balls get. This leaves you I want to feed the kids. And give them for the lead. Say, everybody have a scene about balls that big is how to be in the mouth. If you ever need a thing, pick me up. Just pick my balls in your mouth. So don't worry. I'll switch to a baseball. Oh. Put them in your mouth. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Good. Highest by the. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Hey. What the hell? No, like so. It's been. Where that number from Nina. Now I get married. They don't fly. They'll be better to get back in the kitchen. Because I got a sneak in suspicion. Oh man. Baby. You just run my bow. I'm with my my little wife. The light's better. The father's better. I'm coming. You just want to be with my wife. The father's best friend. The mother's better. The father's best friend. The mother's best friend. The moon. You stuck all my job. It's all just my home. Put them in my second. Calphabetic. The son of a child. You stuck all my job. It's all just my home. Come out, baby. Okay, one 18 at 5. Thank you. You're welcome. Here's the television group of youngsters that caught them with the reals, run through. Oh, by the way, here's a couple of really sewer intellectuals. I'll say these three for next year. Sudo intellectual fangsis. What are you looking at me like that? There's pseudo intellectual stuff about society. This and about a beat by the book, but about my few people got answers. Okay, there's nobody got any answers anymore. Sweetheart's out of control. It's not house. They're freaking not house out there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless lunch. See, one thing about this time, I was thinking about it yesterday. And it's never going to change. The only thing that there's passion for, they have these little small groups, like the old Cubans with the cigar magazine at the airport and the baseball game and ball to board a night, they have passion. It's misplaced, but they do have passion. But other than that, nobody here's got passion in the style for anything. And a classic example of that is we had like a little flicker. Remember, we had all the lines left there. When it looked like we were going to do the thing about your performance last week, which I'm not going to say we want to do for an hour and a half. But that lasted for one, like 10 seconds. They can get it up, not that easily. They need to pop several of those little green pills and they can get it up and it it drips right back down again, pointing right back down toward the ground. Here's Marky. Hello. Okay, thank you. That's that line eight problem again. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. Mobile and lake worth. Okay, and our last call is a mobile and pepper fine. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, I was a bad tracking here. First of all, I listed the George last week he was fine. But he was great. Not as good as you, but he was good. Secondly, what is all the conversation today about clapping on the tracks and I'm tracking so forth? I've been getting little bits and pieces. What brought this whole subject up? Well, no, that brought this subject up because we took the train from Amsterdam to Colombo when I was on vacation. Right. And I went in to take a leak and the abatium and I realized that you looked on this long pipe. Right, because straight out to the track. I got straight out of the railroad track. Then I was asking the question when you had to do a little more serious business. Where does that go? And obviously, it goes into the same place, which is why the sign is in the restroom there. It says, please do not use at stops. You know, use only while the train is moving. Okay. On the toll five years ago, that was exactly the case. The one happen was one of the trains coming from the York to Miami, flourished over a bridge in Jacksonville and taught through Fisherman and a boat. They sued, they see they I'm tried. Yeah. And I'm tracked now. Have to have retention tanks on cars. And about four years ago, they disposed that the last of the railroad cars that did not have retention tanks on it. So anybody who calls you up down says different is for a crap. They have to retain the toilet because the fisherman got it all in there here. Pull a crap literally and figure it out. Yeah, totally. I don't know how much money they got out of the van. But I know they sued them. They sued the crap on them. Oh, yeah. Okay. Thanks for your good news. Okay, man. Okay. So that goes to show it. That is another American thing over in Europe. They don't monkey around with that. If you want to do a little dump, I'm crashed. Go ahead ahead. Just make sure it ain't too loose. Let's relax. And what what is this about? Don't have fertilizing female egg and masturbation and the exercise in public parks. And this and what what is this? Oh, God. Crazy people on the fax machine today. Crazy crazy crazy people on the fax machine. Good outlet for them. 560560, pound five 60 on the 18T wireless line. Yeah, that kid out there in the little Colorado. He says he wasn't scared. He knew God would take care of him. Wonder why God got come God screwed up on the other kids. And that's school teacher. People will say that I realize they mean well because they've been conditioned to saying all of these things. But don't they realize how arrogant and how impurious and disgusting and condescending that sound? No. How insensitive and grow test. No. No. As if to say, somehow God has paying attention to him or then or it or whatever it might be. But the other ones well, they're animals anywhere like you said. So let them lose their John bulls. Here's Margate. Hello. And Neo. Yes sir. The phones are picking on me today. I was a guy on line eight that got cut off. Sorry. That's okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I need problem every now and then the phone will be solved problem. Exactly. One more thing about overreact. What do you mean one more thing? Oh, you mean about overreact? Yeah. In the early 70s, he was at a very controversial movie about the way the post in the middle ages were seeding power brutally just as bad as the Romans did. It was called the Devils. Yeah. And I think he was a little bit last night on CNN. They had this special piece, this investigative piece on the, in between periods of the hockey game. I saw a thing about these saints. This Pope is his name more saints in the last five minutes than all the Pope's proceeding even last five thousand years. Exactly. He played a priest that was a frame for Harris. He burned at the stake. Yeah. That the Pope could take over his town. Right. And this is exactly what you were what you're talking about on the show. And I just wanted to call up and mention that. There's no fact in the church. Right. Also one more thing. You did your last thing. Did your last 50 minutes last night? No. They had a, it took you with most of it his wife. Yeah, George was telling you about it. I mean, it was just like a thing. It took you to either Brown about how that. There wasn't such a bad guy and he was doing genocide. You never stole a free train. Exactly. Never crept on the tracks. That's right. Right. These are the generalists. And you were something we have an I'd one call today about that opportunity. I mean, everybody's happy. You got the three murking kids back. That's fine. But now that he got a back, how come he don't just dummy up? And he thinks all of a sudden he's got to open up his big mouth and give us advice and how to do about our foreign policy. Who the hell is he going to open up his god damn up? Who never met a dickpater we didn't like by the way? Well, Leo is just showing the word. In fact, he and the Pope are very similar. They never met a god dead dickpater. They didn't get along great with. Leo. Yes. It seems like the press. You wonder what side they're on. I mean, you know, you don't turn the 90s. It seems like they're always going to follow it into the propaganda of the other side. The press is on their own side, pal. The press is on their side. Look, you straight up. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I was going. I bet you want to. I bet you John Gibson's had a field ace in time and gone on that freaking MSNBC. I bet you they've been on that little thing. I bet you those kids and their parents and their families and their grandparents and everybody that they ever met in their life. I bet they're praying for the day that all these media people get to know a lot of there. I bet they're jones and for the day that John Gibson and his ill get to know a lot of their and leave them alone sitting and go out with their goddamn lives. God, talk about a bunch of grave robbers. And I think, you know what I think the solution is if we could just have three or four more town meetings, that's going to do it. If we could just get Ted Comple and that that's Schlob Greenfield, whatever his name is there on CNN, and never says anything. If we can just get about 20 or 30 more of those town meetings, I think we can solve all of these problems forever. Because God only knows television may not be the problem, but sure, as hell is the answer in it. Or it is probably solved in no time. Just one more town meeting, come on Ted. Get that wig on there, straight and let's go ahead. One more time quick, maybe even Ophor will come on. 567560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Holly Wood, hello. Hey, you know, yes sir. Welcome back sir. How full sucks. Yes, it does. Same. Just as dead as a day I left. There you go. Are you aware James Bovard has a new book out? No. Cool freedom in chains. Yeah. I think we can cover a cannot February this year. Great. I'm going to go on by the first 50 pages of kind of tough to get through, but after that it takes up as good. Yeah. That's it. Okay, thanks. That's good little intellectual. Okay, we can get George's crowd in here. What are you looking like then for the guy that he was a compliment they said you're an intellectual, okay? Even though they don't realize what a potting mouth little spickie were. They don't know how they did. It's a radio show. They don't know you. They don't know me. They don't know from nothing. They make all these judgments, all of these things. Oh yeah, he's a real little intellectual. Always that is a little pervert is what he is. Okay. We think he's doing a show for. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 126 at QAM. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you five to six years. I've watched the morning show, it's all of everything. I have a problem. I'm taking my kids to school and thinking commercial for the guy that curses nasty nasty things and there is no warning. It just blurt out, you know, f*** you. And you can hear the bleep, you can hear the f***, you know. And you can hear the ventaminase voice and you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio, quick enough. Now, I heard it, you know, I had a problem again the other day. I can't explain that stuff to my kids. I've been listening to the station for a long time and I think they're ruining it by infiltrating it with his nasty language. And I don't know what I can do, but I just thought I better call it, you know. And tell you, it's different when Hank, if Hank calls someone in some of a bitch and just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch. Either the reason for it. But the other guy with his fart and his asshole and if the lady curses these just ruining your first team. And I think Joe Roche is standing up and get this off, kick off his program to there's a lot of people like me that, you know, have children and I just don't like you or someone say, pissed off on my way to work. Pist off, it's me firing up when I hear someone say that. And I don't think it's appropriate. You know, if you're going to have to finance a little program in the middle of your day, leave it there to make the other program, it's demeaned off in it and it really insults my intelligence and you know, that's not clear. I don't know what is. I'll talk to you later. Okay, we'll talk to you later. Enough of the event tomorrow. Anyway, 131 at 5.60 WQM, we apologize by the way for all the vented man, the cursing and the crap and the terrible things we've done here in midday with our 11 share whatever the hell it is. And then 25.54 and bringing all of these other shows up, I take personal credit for today. Don't I? Oh, yeah, why don't I? That's our full question. Who deserves more credit? Me or Brooke Daniel? We're helping to raise the level of these other shows on this radio station to the gigantic enormous levels of this last rating book, which Tom Jick had better be writing a hell of a lot about in the Sun Sentinel, by the way, we're going to start asking questions. We're going to have a goddamn congressional investigation. And by the way, thanks for making up those funny questions in this Sunday TV book, and getting my name in a lot of time. You're okay in my book. Thank you, Tom. 400 open lines, 27 minutes to go. Can we possibly make a just a disastrous? And I do this to myself repeatedly. I'm just a victim of my own neurosis. Why do I come back from vacation and expect this Monday? Money's time on how Monday has that? Whatever that means. Seriously, why should this Monday be any different from every other God damn Monday of my life when your stew is as well? And it's true. You go any place else in the world. Monday is dead. There's nothing going on on Monday because people that have been screwing off all weekend long or whatever it has been doing on a weekend. Now they're trying to let you through life back together. We're going to pretend that they have their crap together. They don't have time for us on Monday. They got that radio cranked up in the background. They got their finger on each other's back. They don't have it a good time. But they don't have time to be calling us. Well, all this intellectual stuff that we got going. They don't have any opinion on Jesse Jackson and what a God damn exploiter he is and a grand standard of a big mouth and a trouble maker and never met a God damn terrorist that he didn't like. They don't have it opinion on that. They don't have it opinion on a God damn swatine that stayed out there swatine flies. While kids were being shot inside and teachers were bleeding to that. They don't have it opinion on that. WQAM. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. Is this you? Speaking. Live? No, recording. Sorry. How are you? Okay. I think George did a great job. Yeah. I don't know what you're talking about earlier. Anyway, I have a comment though. I'm talking about 56 points. Are you excited about that? Not really. I didn't think so. Go ahead. Yes. I think you got IBM and all this other ten other stocks. You don't make any money anyway. When Ted Dave got to give us a stock. Thanks for the plug on CNN NBC there, Ted. But give us a stock for crisis. Make us some money. Go ahead sir. I'm sorry. Have you emotional? Ted is a comonista from what I heard. Ted is comonista? That's what I heard. Okay. Whatever you say. He's a casters. Anyway, I have a comment on that. He also might have called him. He's wiped on the way yet. Meta calling. I have a comment on it. So what do you think your cash to us picture on the front of that Those cigar magazine? Oh, I'm looking at that ball game in Baltimore tonight. Those damn cubins those communistas, huh? I got the first roll of season. Why do you think they call them the redboard in St. Louis? But anyway, go ahead. Hey, it's all the big game. And the red legs? And all the big business. By the way, Mark shot when I was on vacation. Mark shot had some kind of a medical problem. She checked herself into Jewish hospital and since then. I hope they take care of the good care. Or go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. Yes, sir. I have a comment on the prioritization in Miami. I heard somebody call you a long time ago, but. Right. Personally, I think it's a good thing because I can. I mean, for my excuse. That would be like saying it's a good thing to have people going on. Running over people in the middle of the street to risk against the law. Don't you respect the law? This is an important law. I don't know what the reason is. But it's an important law. It's a way to think. It's an important. I don't know. Well, I. I hate commercial radio stations. I do too. I wish we had no commercials on here. I do. I wish we had no spots. But then I could talk up a blue street man that I would never take a breath. I would just. I would. I'd be. I'd be dangerous if I didn't have all these spots. Right. Well, I mean, the. Yeah, I'm warning sure they might actually have a sure about those nine Min. Commercial breaks. Right. The FM station. Okay. Right. I'm off the. All for the Pirate stations. God bless you. Get out of here. Crazy. Holy. I'm out of. I'm out of. We're importing old. Far. Old the grizzly old. Fix from country's. Ammen and Vettitya to take the place. To one of the. Going to that big domino game in the sky. Is a traffic report. A mobile in four. Waterdale. Hello. Speaking of. Of course. Yeah. I'm getting north. I'm not. I'm going to go on. I'm going to go on the shoulder to get past. Yeah. I'm going to go on the shoulder. So they can't go. She's taking the left lane. What you want them go past? Well, what was he's broken down? No. She's driving. But since she has to wait in line. Nobody else has to wait in line. Two. Now, if somebody's going on the shoulder and just. Right. Right. He will let him do it. So she's driving in the shoulder and the left. I mean, she's on the side. I mean, she's on the side. Don't want to wait and go past her. I understand. But she has to wait. We all have to thank you. Okay. Good luck. She's good off the road. She's just living up to the model of the elderly in South Florida. Misery loves company. Okay. If I'm going to get blocked off here, you are too. Okay. I saw that's what she's saying. So get used to it. I was starting to say before, maybe it was off here. I was telling Zords that you go anywhere else in the world, or all these young people. There's a variety. There are people of all ages, but there are tons of young people living people. You come back to town here and you look around and it's either illegal aliens or people with real dark, dark and windshield windows or doing drugs inside or each other or something. And old farts. I don't know how we do set big numbers in 25. 54. I don't think we have any people 25 to 54 year in his town. Where do they come from? I don't see any. Seriously, they're all either little kids, punkty little kids or old farts. Punkty little kids, well, I don't think even any parents just punkty little kids to be there to annoy you. 22 till 2. If 5.60 W to QA, let me tell you about our good friend Jeff Cohen who brought us in one way a lot of a lot of the loose of a lunch today. You know, we can get free lunch from almost anywhere. But the reason that we got Jeff Cohen to come in here on Friday and again today is because George wanted pizza loss on Friday. And I wanted it today and guess what, it was so good. I didn't even have a slightest quiver today, you know. I think Jeff might have adjusted the level. You know what I'm saying? Of whatever was he was putting that, I made a comment about that. And no, not even at all. But anyway, if you want a fantastic great attack in meal at a price that you've afford, I'm telling you this is always the place. Pizza off their legendary. Jeff has been doing it right in this town since 1975 and that great new Broward location there in a pizza loss plaza. I'm university drive right between Griffin and 5.95 right behind up here when imports with lots and lots with tons of free parking. The food is better than ever. gigantic enormous portions, whatever you like. And of course, very teeny tiny prices three different kinds of great pizza. Award winning was on you the best garlic rolls in history all kinds of combination dinners. Monday is Los Angeles on United Tuesday's eggplant. The buy one did around these nights. Get the second one for only five bucks. Bring the kids in for kids night and when they were kids. Get a slice of cheese pizza or spaghetti with meat sauce and a free soda with it. I'll always. Where's my candy bar by the way? Pizza law for take out or delivery call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine one six eighty eighty Their legendary and for good reason too. It's good stuff. Pizza law not to fast is not the cheapest. Just the best reloaders because they say again for the time. Thank you Cisco foods. We love those free trips to New Orleans and wherever else. This is five sixty two a.m. Yeah, push. Welcome home. Well, he's a Tallahassee. Oh, we've got the money from a daddy. Oh, oh, and it's like that. I little granny. Oh, with an agenda that grabbed me. Oh, well he's a Tallahassee. No, but they're selling. Well, he's a residential son who doesn't have to run. No one else is on a wedding. He might as well just go right in. He's a. He has a golden spoon. He was born with the past. So look out on you June. Ready for the. Pizza. Tallahassee. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The parking lot right the wedding. Oh, I mean, the Tallahassee. Full of a billet. Well, he's a very welcome. To do with very active youth who never pay the dues. My man, we're walking through. She's calling. And each Mark would win that race against Buddy, but Kay, why do you think they call it Guller? The Tory landing race. He's a fellow at the nasty nasty. Oh, he'll make the cake a cake at the nasty. Oh, I think the fellow at the nasty nasty. So, a bad smell. Hey, so, a little bit of a retro. Get out of the queue, step. Come on, little lady. We have bumper stickers coming out of the state. Who's life? Life is coming. What did I say? I was saying it even worse. Well, because life has played our made by the state by criminals who are probably on the NFL. Well, I have to realize like I told you to get ready. Get that passport in your hand and squeeze it real real tight. Oh, by the way, speaking of that, you need to get ahold of our friend of the passport office. Give me another application. You got the number? I do, okay. I want a good thing. I remember that, okay, because somebody else I know needs to get his passport renewed real soon and that would be a good idea. Now that the bushmiser is in there. Choose life isn't that wonderful. Maybe it happens like a little cross on a tour of the good. Here's an avantura, hello. Neil, you're in rare form. Yes, I am. Rest of you. Well, my friends. Those vacations do great for me. In fact, I think when they'd be good, they'd start another one. We got a ball game coming on Wednesday. I'm not a comment. Hang in there for a little while. Okay. Listen, I want to make a few comments. This Reverend Justin Jackson, you just made me sick when I saw him on the TV. They were an opportunistic bastard. Yes, so you got it, man. Right on target. Not opportunistic bastard. He never met a grandstand opportunity that he passed up. It wasn't. He didn't even seem warm to these guys on the tube. He's sitting there looking straight at the camera, smiling at big old goofy grin, shaking hands, patting them on the back. Yeah, shaking it. Yeah. You know, a complete put. And this other debacle that's going to happen, the tube and team involved more. We got an embargo with these people, but we're importing their ball players into this country. What is up with that? Why does anybody care about it? I don't know. I say, I mean, it's a stupid ball game and the oil's couldn't win a fixed game. Okay. Why does anybody care? That's why another day, the big domino game in the sky. I love it. Okay. I like it. And have a great life. The big domino game in the sky, maybe they're all playing domino's down there. How do you play domino's? What do you do with them? I know what they look like. They're like domino's is what they are. But what do you do? You stick them to the item, you chew them. Do you like, huh? I mean, checkers, we know what you do with checkers. You hop. You hop, you bounce, you match them up. You match up what domino is. Facts with who? Here's Miami. Hello. And you'll hate doing. Okay. No, you know, I was talking about those detox and it's funny because that's reason I call one. What when I saw him, whatever, with a couple days ago, I was thinking about you. Yeah. What you would say, you know, for something that I was thinking about you, what you would say. You think if you want to just go on over there and gotten the guys out and kept his mouth shut and come back here and said, okay, I did a good deed. Now you do whatever you need to do. That would be fine. Okay. Then it would have at least give the appearance that he did something from good motives. But here he is. Once again, coming up on the side of a total, a ruthless, a scumbag, one of the worst in the history of mankind and all one, you know, he did something nice. We got to like at least for one night's stop at bombing and we said, no way, blow it out your ass just. He might be a little bit. Well, I, what I don't think was like, look, I really don't care what he does. You know, I'm glad he got those kids back to their parents. Yeah. What about the million people that have been murdered and displaced and raped and whatever they're doing to them. Yeah. What about all of Albanians in the name of religion, do by the way? War is crap. You know that. I just, as far as PR5, if you want to call it a PR son, that's which, which was, which is what it was, you know, at least at least those kids are home. But then they're sitting there free at last, free at last. How did you like that? They're doing a free at last. He's doing a free at last. He's doing a free at last. Yeah. He's doing a free at last. Yeah. He's doing a free at last. That was horrible. Unbelievable. That's a great thing. And have a great life. I'm surprised they weren't doing that, you know, the thing that they do well. What do they call the Pentecostal routine? I'm surprised they weren't, uh, grabbing their snakes and stuff. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. No, seriously, the one guy has remirons. He's a Julio. And the other guys are like, uh, white bread, whatever the hell they are. Get it, one to Gonzalez. Like I said, there are a bunch of spikts, uh, so if it's right, I guess. I don't know. We shall overcome or thank free at last. What do we, what are we talking about here? And the trivial and like everything else with a media trivializes everything down to like cliches. Everything is a cliche. Oh, Lord, why knew the Lord would protect me. I wasn't scared. I knew God would protect me. All these idiotic, minus stupid cliches. Oh, I was competent. The Lord would protect me. Oh, sorry. I was wrong. Like two of the girls that they before they blew their crap away. They're in the school. You believe in God. Oh, yes. And you ought to believe it. Oops. Oops. He wasn't hooked up on a right line at the moment. God. And he, and by the way, you know, I asked that question after it happened. And that one jackass calls in, oh, there you go again, exploiting this for your anti religious, uh, your agenda. But in the meantime, when we were asking poll questions around different parts of the world about this episode out there, one of the questions was, where was God? Did anybody, uh, no. No. Thank you. Was that we done them? Here's a mobile on the song, Ress. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Bottom line on George's shows. Yes. We listen to your show to be entertained when you're there. When you're not there, we listen to the entertain. George was entertaining. Right. And George is way. We don't want another meal. We've got a meal. Right. No, I mean, it's the George's running his own. I would just find it. Exactly. I don't want him to be Neil's. The way we did it was doing the board. He ran in. God. He hasn't done as much as George and George have done as much as you. Right. But everything was fine and much better than ever. Any tapes because they know how to show his post to flow and that's the way they keep it. God bless you, sir. And that's the way it goes. Amen. All right. And that's the way it is. That's the way it goes. Thank you, Walter. Walter, Sean, congratulations. Oh, man. You got the, Walter's stamp of approval. And if Walter put his stamp on it, I bet it's worth at least 32 cents. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT. I know something. I don't even have any idea what I'm talking about today. I'm so gruggy and punchy. I don't know whether I'm coming or going. That golden retriever mine. I feel so bad for him. He wakes me up four o'clock this morning to go out that dog all the years. He's never once ever awakened me in the middle of the night to go out. The little dog. I mean, I have to mark it on the counter if he doesn't wake me up. Three and a more in to go out. Even if he don't have to take a leak, just to piss me off. Okay. That's his nature. That little piece of turd. And I feel so bad because, you know, when you're so when you have to be subjected to that neurosis, whatever went on in that house with those nine or ten days, I feel bad about it. Walking around with that lamb shade on his head right now, so he doesn't keep two of himself all up. Out of aggravation from being pestered and nudged for nine days. You also can't lick your own. You go good. That's the idea. That's where it's all shoot up then. I really think I put that thing on his head for. I don't want to, you know, I've got him healin' up pretty good already for a few hours. Dr. Neal. And by the way, speaking to Dr. Neal, I didn't mention about the train being late yesterday morning and I'm still on. See, one of the things in Europe that they really pride themselves on, if the train says it's going to leave at 602. It shows up at six. You got two minutes to get your ass on there because at 602, when the little hand hits the big hand, those wheels start moving baby. I mean, those trains run on time even Mussolini would be proud. So we got a fly from Amsterdam to London yesterday. That leaves at 720. The first train is scheduled leaves central station, the Skipple Airport and Amsterdam at 602. 602 comes, 602 goes. There's a whole bunch of us standing away from the train. It don't show up. To make a long story short, about 16 comes in an announcement and Dutchman and English, we're sorry, but it's going to be leading from another. And we're all running down the escalator and down to another thing. And sure enough, 620, it finally shows up. And so the keep in mind, the train is going to the plane is going to leave at 720 from Skipple, which is a gigantic airport in Amsterdam. We get there at 645. Now we've got to check in at KLM. We've got to check in first. Then we find out the gate where at D57. We'll locate start D1 and D57 is the farthest away. Okay? So now we have to go through Passport Control, find the D gates, go Schlepping in, running and I'm telling you, and thank God for that. Coaxu 10, I'm taking. And whatever else I've been doing in spite of my, you know, I don't want to start with a doctor stuff again. Okay? I know, and then seriously, I've been my own best doctor. The stuff that I'm taking is doing me great. Finally, get on the plane. I take out my little blood pressure cuff that you've seen. Take my pressure. It's 102 over 70 with a pulse of 72. After rushing in, if that would happen six months ago, there would be Neil on a box today. That's right. More to. Nice going Neil. Thank you. Dr. Neil. 152 at 5.50 QMNO. Colligan Waters has been serving soft Florida for over 50 years with quality dependable service and water conditioning products. If you think you might have some water problems, Colligan can come to your home or office and test your water absolutely free. And if you're looking for water system installed permanently in your home, Colligan is the best in the universe. In fact, they're going to be doing well in my house. Imagine drinking water right out of your tap and adding great tasting ice cubes as well. The Colligan Waters system makes all your cooking. Spaghetti pasta soups, guilt of fish, crep-lock coffee, tea, and your drinking water resources well taste great just for pennies. The system includes a limited lifetime warranty. Colligan Waters also has a special introduction to re-opper. If three five gallon bottles of Colligan Waters.