I have to suck the raid baby. Sports radio 560 WQAM My Ami4Liderdale presents the Neil Rodger Show. Talk to Neil called 560-562. My Lumberd's either. Or pound 560 on yourself. I get this guy who hired out the model. His guests call it. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of the other QAM. Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast. OK. The Neil Rodger's on Sports Radio 560 QAM. Why do you ask her? What name is? What name is? What name is? Swimshady. What name is? What name is? What name is? What name is? What name is? What name is? What name is? What name is? What name is? What name is? Swimshady. Hi kids, do you like primates? Wanna see me signal? I just reached one of my eyelids. Copy me into exactly like I did. Try to get messed up with my life is. Theè›‹ is zebra s blaming us. You both don't skip him. Tell me about this software. With Attack Must be concrete. What name did Will you give her Head Street? You got what my head street? Where's your head going? Put one step in. No person out there? Go near. That's my girl. Oh, give him that word. My English teacher wanted to plump me a junior high. Thanks a lot next semester, I'll be 35. It's not the Minnesota University race or chasing with a stapler. It's only changed a grade on the paper. What's in the strip club? A jacket's hit up. It served the bartender walked out of the tip cup. Actually, the director wanted over pedestrians. Please, ship screaming, let's be friends. Not in numbers 10 of my life, I was lied to. Founded my mum was more dope than I do. I told her I'd grow up to be a real fan of rap or make a record by doing drugs and name it right after. You know you blew up when the women rush a stand. Try to touch your hands like I'm screaming, I'm shitting. I'm shitting. This guy went to a cat for his autograph. I get you a fuck. I'm tired of your date. Thanks for supporting. Hi, my name is White. My name is Who? My name is Twin Shady. Hi, my name is White. My name is Twin Shady. Hi, my name is White. My name is Who? My name is Twin Shady. Hi, my name is White. My name is Twin Shady. Hi, my name is White. My name is Twin Shady. Hi, my name is White. My name is Who? My name is Twin Shady. Hi, my name is White. My name is Twin Shady. Hi, my name is White. My name is Twin Shady. Hi, my name is White. My name is Twin Shady. Drop the tape of kidneys to be locked away. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Stannoy, I'm not ready to leave a sister in a die. Be carried aside for cemetery and bury the lives. I'm a common girl and I can bury the side. I'm a common girl and I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side 40. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I will bury the side. I can bury the side. I can get bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury all the stop remaining declare the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury at the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the huddled side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the sides. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side. I can bury the side queen that nobody even touched it. And then they did like seven or eight what 24 makeovers and all of a sudden he looks uh yeah he looks pretty damn good. Still can't sing with a crap but he is big he's gigantic. Now I'm going to say after 10 at 5.60 WQM will what promises to be a scindulating Friday believe me I'm telling you I can I can feel it I can smell it. Can't you see what what is it that smells? Cinnamon incense. Now let me ask you this how come we can burn incense but we can't smoke because they didn't tell us not to. Oh, I don't sense. How do they know the difference? Will the incense cover up my cheeks to guard that I brought in? Let's think about it. It's right. You know Mother's Day is this Sunday make mom happy by sending her a beer gram from the Vermont teddy bear company. Not when you have double ears. No without the gallows. I've been dressed with a great pair. I spun it hard a time to reach my guitar but you bet they made me stop. My best or smaller I know you're fair. I'm not fake. They are my own and I'm long as not to read the dawn. I will never show them. 10.50 WQM happy Friday do you? So what is it that Tracy needy wants to know is John one of autograph picture of Andrea Bouchelli? How does he autograph it? Very carefully. Like like a little squiggle like Greg Reed does. Maybe just put to thumb print on there. Well certainly that's not a is that an incentive question to ask how a blind person autographs a picture? Has he been blind? He wasn't blind from birth right? No. I'm very but Charlie so he actually may have loomed to write because he is white. But anyway speaking I'm Greg Reed by the way. Now what is what is that? Brittany Spears. Yeah. She is hot. You got me going so I wanted to She's dronya. She hotter. She hot. See that's I have zlate tates. She's no matter what my persuasion may be. When I see something good I know what it is. Trust me what I tell you. She is smoldering. Yeah and it her videos. I didn't see the well yeah I watched the some of the one last night and I have it on tape. I should bring it and we could just sit here. Yeah. George is looking at it and the picture too. But the guy that's in her videos and when it was in the first video was that so they had they spread it around. There's a little something for everybody in there. So let's find out what people bought music because they saw the video. Anybody in the audience ever see a video and then get turned out of what and go out and buy the music. See I never would have gotten into Louise Miguel. What was that horrible thing that was on that tell a hit that was on the acetylate. You know it was on the channel hits there was tell my amy. Tell my amy that was it. And they were playing America. Remember those days back in IOD and I said hey he looks pretty good whoever what that is and of course then it turned out it could sing great too which is like a nice extra benefit Louise. Well I never would have had the slightest amount of interest if I wouldn't have seen the videos first. I bet you've got millions of people. For example who would go out and buy M&M and my my anus who would have bought that if it wouldn't have hurt us playing the thing. Speaking of Greg Reed by the way talking about dumb. Very jackass and his column this morning takes time out from his obsession with the National Refriac Association. The National Baboon Association. He takes time out from that to write about this. WQAM General Manager Greg Reed who stations loss of against the Marlins over the dismantling of the championship team is still pending met with Marlins owner John Henry this we can say he's committed a fulfilling the rest of the station's contract to carry the Marlins game. The five year 15 million dollar deal is in its third year and the Marlins are expecting to receive their four rights fee from WQAM this year. WQAM allegedly was held about $2 million in last years rights fees from former owner Wayne Hypinga. Now here comes the best part. Listen very very carefully to this. The epitome of stupidity. John thinks the team will be competitive midway through next year Reed said our Marlins ad sales are as slow as they've ever been now but on patient I don't want to pull the trigger. Is that unbelievable? That's almost as unbelievable as the stuff we heard about that celebrity golf tournament this morning about Lewand, Thullison, Roy. Yeah. And somebody else which for the time being I won't even mention I won't mention the idea of somebody that they wanted to bring in this year. Oh, yeah, I won't mention the name. But at any rate I mean just stop and think about this okay. John Henry says that by the middle of next year the team is going to be competitive is there any reason for anybody to believe that? No. Are they going to be drawing anymore people after they lose 120 games this year or more? No. No. So why will they be more competitive? Where's the money going to come from? Are they going to have a new stadium by a next season? No. Or maybe ever? No. But our general manager because again he's in it for the ego not for the money baby. He's in it for the ego. He's Mr. Sports. He's the freaking expert read reads. He's the jockman. He's the only general manager in the market that was a jockstrap to work every day. You know it's yeah. That's right. Maybe that's why he's got that cracked coxus. He does. He's got a crack. No. Problem. John says the team will be better by midway next year so we're just going to sit back and and he says the Marlon ad sales are as slow as they've ever been right now. No. Is that saying a lot? Because last year with this same time, nobody wanted to buy any spots on a Marlon games. That's always heard about it any price. Then this year they started out. What was it? 300 bucks a pop they were trying to get? 250 300 bucks a spot for the Marlon. Everybody like laughed them out of the they they walk in the door and they say are you kidding me all on on a floor and hysterical laughter? But this man says oh yeah we're in it. You know we're not going to panic. We're patient. And so we continue siphoning off the money that all hard work and people are a QN could be making so that Greg Reid can be the sportsman. He could be the sports hot shot the big shot. WQAN. Hey George. Yes. And what's the facts number there? 305. Oh this is in George. How you doing? 305 oh. Right. Oh 190. Oh hey Neil. What do you got to say? Really good. So really good to send you. What is it? I was picking up my paper when we turned the radio down. I'm picking up my paper in the form with sitting next to the sun sentinel. What's that? I don't know man. I live out in the U. It's a paper in sunrise. Yeah. On the sun. I'm never seen it before. I mean I've seen the Jewish journal in the harrow buzzer. What the heck is this with? On the front page, restaurants and sawgrass mills mall listed on web as hot spots for gay sex. Oh. It was sawgrass? Oh my god. We're up there. We're up there right out there. I want to send this over. He's a little worried. Well, that gets that to be right away. Let me tell you another thing. You got to tell me what you think about this check as police versus Neil. You'll see it when I said when I send it over. Yeah. Is a comment about the warning families children who's not paying alone or something here? No don't ever. All you kids out there don't ever go pee alone. Yeah. It says the radio is always trying to find some old, let's look and go out there and you know, I'm all the taking in there by I'm not taking the tea rooms and keep you company. Right. I'll let it over to you. Okay. Thank you. I never remember that song. Who was that that said? I want to pee alone. Was that my land of detrick? That's what she used to say. I want to pee alone. Don't ever pee alone. There's a message. Tell about I'm sure we get on the CBC on hockey night in Canada tonight. All you kids out there here's a message for you. Don't ever pee alone unless you want to turn out to be like children Kennedy and Theo Ferry. Don't ever pee alone. Speaking of hockey by the way. Well, and then I hear that half-fake crap this morning on a morning on the Joe and the Bigel Boy show about the fights and they all like to fight. I'm going to tell you something. Here's a sport like I just like I said the other day and it's usual I'm right. Where these guys have no respect for each other and none. And if anybody in this audience saw they end up with Dallas St. Louis game last night, I mean, I saw most of the Boston Buffalo game, not a bad game and I saw a good part of that Dallas St. Louis game. Dallas has a head to nothing late in the game about two and a half three minutes left. And here comes Petra Beak who has always been one of the dirtiest players to ever lace up a pair of skates with a two handed slash on the back of Pierre Turgeon at Frog in a back of his knee on the back of his leg right by the knee and he goes down like a ton of bricks. He's laying there for Beaketsus stupid penalty which could let St. Louis back in the game. Then Mike Medado gets the empty net goal to make a three-huff in Dallas. The game is basically over but we have time for one more face off, it's set of ice. So here comes the token Schfarther from St. Louis whose name is Jamal Mayers, whatever the hell kind of a name that is. And he slashes another two handed slash to Darrell Sidor who's the Dallas one of the best defenseman in the league and certainly Dallas are most important defenseman right on the shoulder and he goes down like a ton of bricks. See, we're not talking about fighting now. We're talking about guys doing stickwork, having no respect for each other whatsoever. Just like what what's his name did to a Jeremy Redneck there. Darian Hatcher, same same crap. They have no respect for each other. And yet if you call somebody a name, oh he called me a dirty indie and he called me a nigger. What a you know, then right away they're finding and doing a bitman sticks his nose in and the media gets all been out of shape. That's bad. But to see the kind of things that they're doing to each other like I saw last night. I mean this is just, if these two guys both of them especially for Beak who's a dirty miserable rotten piece of crap, he's about a half a step away from Claudelemieu. If he don't get at least two or three games suspension for that, I'm gonna raise like a and if I'm gonna file an official protest. Do you believe me? No. I'm gonna be pit-dough. I'm gonna suck the rage. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Dale. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Well, that's why I just got relocated to New Jersey and I'm suffering a Neil Woodtroth. Is there any plans for WQM to broadcasts? Oh yeah, we're going. Don't you have the what do you mean that we are on the internet? I'm sorry. We are on the internet. Which is our broadcasting line. Yes, we are. We certainly are all over the world. Let's do. What do you mean with who it's right there on the audio net? Just look up WQAM or just a hook on to neorodges.com or the QAM website or on there. Thank you very much. And God bless you, sir. And don't open windows because in Jersey you know what will come what will see pin. Probably smells almost as bad in Jersey as it doesn't hear now with that awful instance that George is burning in the other room. God is that, thank you. It's out now. It doesn't make any difference. See, that's what I would like to know. How come it's okay to burn incense? But if I smoke the nice flavorful aromatics cigar here, just a little one. Huh? Then, then, blood flowed come running in here again pretending to be a do something. And I do mean pretending. That was something that they had come ago. It was a non smoking building blow it out your ass. Okay, sweetheart. Get out of here. I go play with yourself. Yeah, we got heavy duty news. Stuff today, baby. 98 degrees. And there's another one. That you're right. In fact, when I went out of the, and I did, I wanted to tell King Kree actually did by the, all my did because I didn't know for sure if you'd have it from here or not. 98 degrees in rising and you're right. This thing sat around here for an eternity and you kept saying, hey, they're supposed to be this and I looked at the cover. And of course, they all look pretty ugly. And I thought, uh huh. And I never hear, no, but I never heard any of their music. So why would I have listened to it? And then it comes to find out that whoever took the photos for this thing, uh, you know, did a pretty bad job because Nick, I was always an important singer in every group named Nick. There's Nick on a young in a horny, every place you look is anybody ever seen an ugly guy named Nick? No. Huh? Stop and think about that. Nick, no, he. Like I said, there's always one that's sugar in the wood pile. Or he really is grow test. He gets on my nerves. He, you know who he reminds me of? The guy I'm Gary Bucey. Don't they look similar? Gary Bucey looks kind of like his retarded half brother. Nick, no, man, does he get on my nerves? Although that was a good one. Wasn't he in the down mountain Beverly Hills with the Batmanler? That was a good movie. She was always great. Well, how do I look at, oh, so anyway, this guy's name is Nick who like his delete the singer in their big hit song. This, this video is gigantic. It's not, I'm talking MTV. Is there anybody in this audience watching MTV? No. Of course not. Even a perverts don't the hour into it yet. No. No. The hardest thing. That's the name of the song off this album. The album is set around like forever never. And then suddenly, and somebody saw what Nick looked like and they said, he, he, so high. Yeah. Even though he doesn't have that snazzy. He's got a little bit of a snazzy. You know, something a lot of guys, a lot of people, a lot of ladies, a lot of anybody would overlook it. As in, like it's getting close to lunchtime. So I let me just say this before we until I see their video. I don't know about that business about, let's suck the rage. I don't know. But you see a video and right away, you want to run out and buy the record. How to held it? Anybody buy records before? I guess we didn't have any choice. We had a listen to whatever they were hyping on a radio back in the pale of the days. Like love is strange by Mickey and Sylvia, which was number one on WMGM in the York before was released in the records doors. And somebody said, somebody's taking pay over here. Something really stinks. Anybody remember WMGM? Peter Trip, the curly headed kid in the third row on WMGM 1050 New York. No. Before it became WHN. No. See, what do they know? What? By the way, did Tom Zicker run anything about the ratings yet? No. Thank you Tom. You bolted it. Pro take. 1027 at 560 WQN if you. Speaking of your customers. Shining all of them with a big track bill to raise the time to then pound. I'm shaving all of what all the bill and the new mine. I'll be back in town. My girlfriend wants to raise. Still have no half. She wants some smell they please when she's out there. And by the way, I want to get some. I thought I'd take mine. I'm just going to keep my eyes on. That's a wealthy house. In a place that's bought by shaving all of them. Coffee can get you no smell. I really have no choice. If I'm on the death day. By back there, I have to pay for way through the hair for her from through 12. And by on the death day, my daughter came on. I want to say this about yesterday. Show of hate is last two and a half hours. This audience, this community, this grace itself to a level seldom heard in the history of mankind. But we continue plotting right along. What I can see that it's going to be a long hot summer in this god for a second town. 567. 0560. Pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's our one load caller in Pembroke Pines. Hello. Pembroke Pines. How's that possible? Maybe one of you hear some music. Oh, is that it? Okay, like I said, not a call on a board. This is this place is just unbelievable. So when a guy called yesterday and said, which was one of the all time, one of the all time great comments by the way, sir, if I can find it when he said, so you're back. I thought, yeah, yeah, that was profound. That was, I'm not sure whether that was my favorite or the woman that wanted my mother to call in on the show. Those two, that was the technical vote on that later on. That'll be our poll question, which was the greatest call of yesterday, which believed me covers a lot of territory. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes, some call regarding not letting my children go pee pee by themselves. Yes, sir. Because of the, just some, I may be a little over-conservant about the safety, sorry. Where comes my kids? Yeah. And we hear horse or is all time some surprising you would ridicule something for doing that. What do you mean by that? What are you saying? You're saying I'm ridiculing. I just got through saying all your kids out there, make sure that you bring somebody in there with you. Well, you're kidding about bringing some old man in there with you. I mean, I, I will, I will leave a ballgame. I will leave, I will leave wherever I'm at. So it would you thought I was serious, that they ought to take some of like, let me ask you this. You let your kids sit on Santa Claus lap at the malls? With me right by this idea. Yeah. And what about when Santa starts bouncing up a little bit too much? How I pull my child off the left? God bless you, sir. Okay. Merry Christmas. Okay. Oh, I just lighten up a little bit. Will you please for Christ's sake? So are you, nervous nellies out there? And by the way, if your kid is 15, I wouldn't be taking him in a restroom by the handway. He needs to go pee. Okay. I think that might be a little bit too old. In addition to what you're probably the one that's going to wind up in a slamer, if you got some young guy by the hand and you were escorting him in there, it helped him take a leak. I think probably security will take your ass away and justifiably so and probably you're frocking your collar too. So here's the facts from the guy that promised it by the way and he wasn't joking is a whole bit vertical, which I'll get into a moment, dearly. This is a good topic for you. Okay. All you kids out there like this last guy said, stay with daddy. And you know, I see like, where did I have was that I was taking a leak? I'm trying to think because I've taken so many leaks in my life. Not the one on the train. I remember that one. But I was taking a leak in a restroom. So I guess it was at the airport. One of the airports on his last trip and guy brings his little girl into the men's room. Now you're nodding your head. Now when Sabrina was like a little girl, no. Now what? What does that mean? Now what? Oh, yeah, it's right. You probably took her in the ladies room. No, I let her go into the ladies room. There were two stages for her. Yes, a diaper changing. I had to take her into the men's room and change the diaper and the men's under little pull down table thing. They have a little bit of a table in the men's room. Yeah, and a lot of places anymore. Like at the pizza loss, for example, they had a little pull down changing table. Yeah. Yeah. She was potting her in a way. I'm not going on in that way. To the door, she goes and fires out into the whole procedure. Right. But anyway, so this guy's brand. And then she was, I don't know. I mean, she was like maybe three or four years old. I would say this little girl. And he brings her in the men's room. And she was screaming. She said, Daddy, what's that? And she was looking right at me. I was standing and taking a lick. He said a very small penis. And she said, yeah, you got a point. She said, you called that a penis? And he just heard Chuck one. Oh, seriously, don't let your kids, of course. You know, we got parents out there. They'd let their kids wander off into the street. I see stuff all the time and far be it for me to try to tell people. And then they start screaming and belly again and wonder how these things happened. Restrooms in Saga, Rasmills, Mall listed on web as hotspots for gay sex. Most local residents, though Saga, Rasmills is one of the largest malls in the world that says, shoppers from the surrounding areas as well as all around the world frequent the facility to shop to eat and just walk around and browse and wonder who the hell are these people and what's going on here? Why am I here? Unfortunately, there may be a senior side behind the tranquil facade. Bathrooms in the mall have become a haven for public, almost sexual behavior according to a site on the internet. Thanks to a website, WWE, I'm not going to read the website, which list the best and it's not interesting. They list the website here in this thing and this magazine that they're putting on your stoop. How do you like that? They list the website. So just in case there might be any perverts out there, any T-Rome perverts, they can find out exactly where to get all the local hotspots. WWEW dot the pervert dot com, which lists the best cruising spots around the world and is dedicated to helping men around the world connect for sexual pleasure, Saga Rasmills malls on them. App is a hotspot for gay men cruising for sex. Well that's because there's all those lanterns in there I guess. The listing on the website for Saga Rasmills. Now wait, wait till you hear this. This will just, you'll be sucking the rage when you get through here in this. The listing on the website for Saga Rasmills reads as follows. Saga Rasmills malls sunrise, toilet near the target entrance inside the mall. J.C. Penny toilet is also popular. What is it about toilets at J.C. Penny's from Westland to Saga Rasmills that makes them such popular cruising spots on? Oh, you're back. Yeah. Is that incredible? Paced like a Penny would be a propionol I guess. Penny in Spanish is penis. Penny is how about Pini pasta and a tagging? I'll tell you what the guy could Pini pasta the pizza locked. Do they do they have they don't have Pini pasta do they? At the pizza locked have to find out from Jeff if we ever had a menu or anything. We've been on here what 30 years will be and I haven't got a menu in there. We have a menu. Oh yeah, we do have a menu. Sitting in the bottom with crust on it they don't have no Pini pasta. They got a manacati and stuff, shells and a woodwind and lasagna and chicken catcha toari and that amazing tortellini Alfredo, which is the best tortellini you've ever had in your life and the world's best garlic rolls and three different kinds of great pizza and chicken and meal and eggplant dishes that will knock your socks off and baked ZD with everything in the world on it and lots thoughts more great subs and etc but they don't have Pini pasta. Sorry you'll have to check that. What did you say to have in the tea room at the pizza lock? A full-down thing for Jeff Cohen and then they have to they have the restraints and the stuff hanging from the ceiling the handcuffs you're gonna have a great time over there whether it's in the restaurant or in the tea room. At the pizza lock man and of course you'll find him at 35-14 South University drive in the Navy right between Griffin and 5.95 right next to North South Eastern right behind Pierwin imports you can eat if they're having delivered taken home for take out in delivery call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty not kidding. How I love the liquor clinton that is why I become a singing let's be a son. All right. Mr. Mary Catherine was so impressed with what I done. He gave me action with her son. Can you see for safety leaves as this someone's to number one because I was on none. Yes. Found a way to make some passion hope the royal people left because required none so get none. I never made it that big because I didn't look at great so I got the on new habit to and drugs and getting way. Had my one and only hit and then the Vatican got hit. The folks that there's my biggest now that I'm dead I can't reveal how much time wanted Sally to go with him my. Yeah more think about it that got a call before there was very uptight and very humorless I think he's barking up the wrong tree because first of all if there's a perverts in the tea room they're not going to be had there could be attacking like little kids right that could be having sex with the little kids oh by the way speaking of sex with little kids where's that story? Yep parents who in S. U. in case of pedophile parents of six autistic children are swimming novice out these university saying officials did not conduct a required background check on a volunteer with charge of the listing children there in 1997. Like I said I think that guy's got a point don't leave your kids alone with anybody don't trust anybody because there's a lot of lunatics out there the volunteer Daniel Patrick Donahue is a convicted pedophile is there four and a half years in the California prison for nineteen eighty four charge of ludinal sybias assault on the child who and how can you only serve four and a half years for ludinal sybias assault on a child. I'd say minimum fifty years who was also convicted of oral compilation in ludinal sybias assault on the child in 1983. Donahue 59 was accused in 1997 the fondling at least two boys at Ralph J. Bowdoin the oral school oral school and baby is that like a little play on words or school which is run by Nova and five at the five other kids at Virginia Schumann young elementary school in Fort Loderdale. He has since disappeared at people think he left the country. So he's been charged these been sued but he'd be long gone. They just failed to do the background check you know little minor things minor things. So anyway getting back to this uh oh seriously I don't think that you'd have to read by little kids going in take a leak right. The one kid got assaulted but Donald's the well back remember that couple years ago in the news how old was that kid. Eight nine nine but that he's talking about like I'm assuming this guy is the four and five year old kid. Why do you would you take an eight or nine if you had a son would you take an eight or nine year old son on the at the room? Would you go in with him to take a leak? I guess it's depends on where it was pennies will kind of a take. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway it says the toilet this is on the website by the way so this uh go test we're back to this again no matter where you look where you look the toilet in the mall near Target it says is one of the best sites in the area. Miner there at all times watch out for janitors and security but otherwise it's got a lot of guys of various ages types and sizes door makes loud squeaks sounds to alert cruisers to interruptions. Cruise at urinals and between stalls I've seen seven guys at once in here. While wonder if they're sticking their uh into the stall like in that book they're doing the limbo rock. The toilet near Target is literally never ever not being used to say it's location in design make it ideal and once you find somebody you're like it's easy to walk over to the JC penny arrest room for more privacy. Oh although old men about its dog rest some are hung in handsome and some young men show up to reports the website oh Jesus Christ. So I guess you know I've always asked that question for years I keep asking you and asking since they built a thing right back I watched them build it right from my backyard I watched them build that goddamn sawgrass that's how long I've lived out there New acres and I keep asking the question what is everybody going there for why do you go there who are all these people why is it such a major attraction it took all these years until we find out that the cruise and the glory holes over there at West at uh sawgrass. Here's a mobile in part of parkland hello. Anyhow how you doing okay sir. Uh before them back to that car was spring for them and parkland which is the paper most cities yeah. Great wind park listed as a hot spot for case X. Uh huh. So what we have is if it's the same Mary car who is the forb and staff writer. Issues just cruising in that taken stuff will often just kind of go get up Mary Ellen car and Paul Donovan or Hannibal or something like that. Yeah that's all is there what I mean it's I mean the radiotica list is all whatever she's taking off the web to try to Well it's interesting because it says they they asked sunrise sergeant Dave Williams and he says our officers are stationed full-time at the sawgrass mills. They're fully aware of the website and so as mall security and they've had no reported problems in the last six date months. It's a matter of routine for the officers in mall security to check the public bathrooms. So apparently there's probably not anything going on but she's like you said go on there. The good thing is the park with the car spring because the local residents know trade winds park and coconut creek is family oriented. Yeah it's beautifully landscape. Unfortunately there's a city aside behind the transfer of the five. And it says Carl Springfields, please say this city used to have a problem but it doesn't exist anymore. So Mary Ellen car is busy looking for a glory holes everywhere. That's what she's only she's thinking I know is wherever it shouldn't belong because she just can't do nothing. Okay thanks for the goodness. Okay eight million open lines here five six seven five sixty five sixty on the mobile one line. She actually never asked that question about buying you know music after you see a video because nobody has sought it by music anyway. You go into a record store like I did yesterday when in the shockbuster which is soon to become warehouse records by the way that's a West Coast chain. I didn't know Blockbuster was sold. Did you? That's the good news. Oh you know what Paul he's got nothing to do with anymore but anyway I went in there to uh you know get a couple of these things that I have to buy with my own money since I can't find him around here. And there's nothing but kids in there. There are no adults buying music anymore. They just they don't buy it. You and so why am I wasting my time? I should go over to power ninety six and ask about that. Then I get a response here on this AM station forget about it. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Parkland again. Hello. Hey Neil got a question about hockey for a second. Yeah. What's your opinion and prediction on the Toronto Pittsburgh series? What's my opinion? Any opinion on how you see the series going in Toronto and six high scoring games five three six four leason six. All right I say to penguins and six myself. Thanks a lot. Okay. Well whatever you say because our opinions are like assholes everybody's got one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in plantation. Hello. Good morning. Good evening. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. You made the comment of the things that you hear when you go to the tea rooms. Yeah. I love something close to that or you're spirit is in there. Yeah. Also the rest areas on somebody in the night. I don't find records. I don't find restaurants to be sexually stimulating places because first of all every rest you might have ever been in smells like a restroom smells like a Marine or worse right smells like that. Doesn't it? It's your lives. I mean when you go into a restroom it don't smell like roses. I hate to break the news of these people but it's not like a romantic environment when you go into a public toilet unless you have other ideas in mind. Yeah. It's some people don't. But while in a public restroom on a rest is not on a turn by one time the guy next to me makes the casual comment as I'm getting ready to leave. His mother always taught him to wash his hands after he went pee pee. Oh really? I looked at him and said my mother always told me not to pee on my hands. I'm good excellent. Have a good one. Tell them I don't got to end business. Yeah how do you like that? I've heard that before too. In fact you know when to go to the hockey and I never take a leak and then wash my hands. And like I've said before if you respect your when you if you're that concerned about climate is when you wash your hands first right before you handle your yeah like I said in fame respected like your violin bow you know or there was a deal of way around. I don't understand that unless you're dirty then why you got to wash your hands. What is that all about? Never been able to understand that only guys are what the University of Michigan washed their hands after they take a leak. Yeah just ask man to chill tell you. 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. Yes I knew I want to bring up a subject you probably tired of hearing it but I'm a first time caller. Yes I mean my sixties I'm a Korean War vet combat vet and I'm call a rat at that high school. I'm really upset about a situation where we had a swatting there. Yes. Half of them were on one side of the building and half of them were on the other side of the building. Somebody shot at the roof and so the other that are half of the swatting star shooting at the roof and they're all shooting at the roof and make a long story short they can go in for four hours. Well yeah nothing did there there were other ones that were inside. Well you know what I would have liked to had six fathers with flat jackets. Right that's right. And I would like to had six fathers right give me six fathers or give me six up balance lin right. And he would have been through that door in a heartbeat. That man that teacher lied and they don't have the three and a half hours and they died in the arms of the paramedics when they finally came in. He isn't that tragic. And we don't know how many of the 11 kids beside the two uh last week. We don't know how many of those kids could have been saved to if they would have got to help sooner. That's right. Exactly. You know you know somebody passes the the comment that well you know they didn't want to go in there have had pagedly and then risked their lives. Well what they're all of they supposed to be doing isn't that their job. Thank you. Doesn't that go with a territory? Thank you. Yeah I did really upset me being in combat right and when when when we're in combat we have people shoot that is at all time but for a swapping they hit a school where we got students that they hear gunshots and they were there afraid to go through the door. My god that's what they're trained to do. They got flat jackets on. They got metal shields. I'll never understand that. I know but you can't complain to but you. Okay and I'm sorry thank you. How many of you sir? Right. By the way, of course nobody cares about that thing. It's just another you know made for TV event. I guess that's the way the American public looks at it. That whole the the whole thing in little Colorado and then of course the one in Canada that nobody talked about that was you know a copycat thing and then the two kids that were arrested here one in sunrise I figured where the other one was little girls by the way who were planning because they oh wasn't that a fun thing to do and now people are saying well you know kids this is really gets me there was an article in the paper today I figured which jackass wrote this stuff because there's so many of them. About kids that are bullied in school and it also has something kids have been getting bullied in school for a zillion years as long as kids have been going to school kids have been bullied in school. When I was in elementary school we had kids that bullied me and other kids in a way they're always bullied no matter where you go there are boys. Is that supposed to be some excuse for the fact that wow we're going to get even by blowing up the school or shoot the bunch I'm sorry please talk about a long stretch because kids are getting bullied therefore they get pissed off and fired up and they suck the rage huh well what is that that we heard at the end of the uh Joe and the bigel boy show this morning that's far too common. Hey baby let's suck the rage yeah suck this okay you idiot with this NBA crap and let me say it again nobody is going to fool me maybe you can fool everybody else you won't fool me you can go there you can show up and act as excited as you want nobody will ever convince me that a bunch of white people want to see a big bunch of seven foot free spaches out there slam a gentleman okay and the basketball too. I'm sorry you can make all the big they can write 40 pages in the sports section they can be ready NHL play off like they do every day on page 45 way in the back by the horse race result they can do whatever they like nobody will ever convince me that anybody is that dumb. It's a sport for dark people the only problem is that most of them especially in a town like this can't afford to go and subsidize it so that you can't have a bunch of white people in here to make it look like they care nobody in his right mind cares about that crap. Here's a lady mobile implantation hello. Oh Neil. Yes ma'am. All right I was boarding 47 years ago today. Yeah. Is that like a bullet yes. Thank you. I have a listening to you. I have a good day. You want my birthday. But will you put the window down. Wait. Yeah put that damn window down God damn it. My my my peeking is on my lap. Yeah. And you want you want to go flying out the window just like can you. Well you can. We went by this on at meals but we didn't go in. Don't take your kid in a mall I'm telling you this is my dog. This is my dog. Don't even take your dog in there we got dog molesters too. Now I'm going to the Macy's mall on plantation I like that. Oh yeah that's nice and quiet. It's a little bit. Yeah. But the other thing is oh shoot. Oh. Could you if you want to say something to Neil? Can you say I love you Neil? Mommy could you put quince? Say I love you Neil. Oh. Wait. Neil? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you hold on one second. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I love you Neil. No we practice for some morning. Okay. All right. Well and the other thing is I want Neil. Yeah. I was the one the call about your mom yesterday too. Oh yeah. I'm a bachelor the grade call. Okay. Okay. My mom said get lost. Happy mother's day to you too. Okay. And you too. Bye. Happy mother's day to all your mothers up there. Time to suck the rage baby. What was that group? Uh huh. Bruce horns be in the uh sucked of rage. Wasn't that name of the group? Hey let's Fox some music today. How come on? Now let's not. Why do I even ever play music on it? Sure. What a waste of time with this audience. What they know about music. 1056 and 560 WQN don't want to bother you. There's really a bubble like grass. It make me wet when I see you this. Uh we ignore. The RETT, the I CHO said we rest. The REP, the IOMN, I want to drink more balls. I want to laugh, while the odds you went to suit your loosing. And that I'll give it a blow. Here's a warning me, good. That's a good move. At least I'll tell you, take up this. I want to wrap on the surround, you're hoping to. And make your wonder work explode with food. That's a miracle. And it's on a circle side. He's our key to the children. I want to drink more balls. So, good and cute is seven years old. George has got that, what is that thing you're reading? It's the article and rolling stuff. On Rolling Stones. He's on the cover. She's only 17 years old. Now let me ask you this. Would you take, if you were like going in the sunrise with Brittany, and she and nature was calling, and she had to take a liquid, you would score her into the restaurant. George has got his tongue on his shoulder. What did I tell you, but she's only 17 years old. That's jailed bait and America, Mr. You better cut the crap right now. When will she be 18? Not soon enough. Here's a mobile and park land. Is every call from park land today? Or what's going on over there? Hello? Yeah, I'm not in park, but. Okay. I'm listening. Oh. Okay. I'll give you about the video. W's that came back. I like any other American thing. It's a great thing that they were able to get them out of that. Yeah. But on the other hand, I have this crazy tool up there. They were literally bought out of that. What's your opinion on that? I think Jesse took a bunch of money. A bag of money and gave it to me. What's the matter? You got that right? Could be. I just think it's, uh. Yeah. Well, I think that if we're smart, what you do is you play them for a sucker. Well, we're already doing that. You play them for a sucker. Okay. Thank you. We got this. We're going to continue bombing the crap. I'll be into your cut the crap. And that's what we're doing. I'm just surprised that nobody has any credit for that. And of course, we do. Maybe they bought them out of there. Why? You never know who knows what he's looked. We do know that the one of the guys in Russia was setting all kinds of getting cash from, uh, who's saying in Iraq, we know that $750 million. Right. Right. That's one of the one from my opinion on that. Okay. I'm, you know, Jesse raised all that funny money from, what was it? Did Operation Rescue or, uh, what was it in Chicago? Then they used to call it Jesse Jackson? I think that's what it was. Well, regardless of what they call it. He had all this money coming in. Nobody ever could figure out where it went. So maybe it took him over and given to us lobby. But it's same, by the way. To know if you heard the new one, Reikai Sun. The new one Reikai Sun. The one Reikai Sun. The one that's in English. And by the way, there is no new album. Did I mention that? And they did not shine us. And Tracy need to take care of it. How your T and Reikai will take care of us. Immediately. Not sooner. These people are not in the music, this crowd. They don't know their music. They don't care about music. They certainly don't. They don't find music. Definitely. Maybe that's why they think that we're here. So that's what we're looking at. So you know, like you're a dream. And you're going to get a dream. What do you think? That's what he says. Come on. You're like, you're a dream. That's what he says. That's what you're thinking. Come on. What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? I can't defend just enough to get more space between the music. Come on, I'm just going to speed it up. Don't make the world do that. Don't let them grow then go back. Enough to be in the proper tonight. I love you. I love you. And the rhythm keeps you home. I love you. And the rhythm keeps you home. And the rhythm keeps you home. I love you. Okay, now there's an Enrique and English, okay? And how about Ricky Martin who couldn't sing his word of a paper sack? Which I don't, I couldn't get the new single because it was sold out of the truckluster. How do you like that? You can't get a hold of that thing for 11 months. I don't want it because it sounds like this crap. You have to be local to buy it. You have to be local to think of Ricky Martin. I mean, he looks pretty good after the eighteenth makeover. So can I spend my show from General Hospital? Richard Simmons, Rick Springfield, or Ricky Martin? Of course. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. See you all right. It's Ho Chi Kuchi. That's what they like. They like that. Ho Chi Kuchi stuff. Evening in Ricky, Rick, you know, it's once it gets going. It's a Ho Chi Kuchi. This kid of the success, glad you finally caught on. And Ricky, they don't like this slow stuff. They don't like the CRP stuff anymore. That's Passa. That's the right of the Ho Chi Kuchi. That's the ticket. This jacket. That's the ticket. This jacket. That's the ticket. I'm talking to the guy. I'm talking to the guy. I'm talking to the guy. I'm talking to the guy. By the way, does the rumor go around that Ricky Martin Shea says, no, it's too by the one. Huh? I just started it. I mean, I don't have anything against Ricky Martin. I wish him all of the, he don't need my best wishes. He's doing fantastic. He's hotter than the Hall of Law. But he just can't sing. I mean, I'm very sorry. I wish he could sing because then I'd like him a lot better. He does look pretty good now. For an old washed out burnout, whatever he is. For a burnout. Here's West Palm Beach, Chello. Yeah, deal. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Listen, first of all, that looks new show for about a year and a half. I don't always agree with it, but I definitely always enjoy it. Question about yesterday. I listened from about 11.30 to about 13. Yeah. I have never heard so many idiots call up on your show. Well, I hear listen, don't play. You know, we had a guy to call yesterday. Since it was a tech needle day, who starts in like a suitable intellectual. Well, this is all year false because you won't talk about anything intelligent. There was it one day on this show that I don't come in in a morning and do my mind. Well, the first half hour 40 minutes, sometimes a whole hour. Talked about the shooting in Colorado about gun maniacs, about all of these things. And nobody in this town's ever got anything to say about it. So this guy's blaming me because nobody's got anything to say lately. Well, if it's something new in this town, that nobody's got anything intelligent to say. If you make the little easier to understand why the tragic thing to happen, Colorado, and a lot of the other things to happen to happen to happen to happen to happen. Don't you understand, sir? Nobody cares. Nobody gets pissed off. Nobody gets psychotic. They just accepted and okay, what's the going on next? How's the tornado victims? They're going to be okay. Okay, what's next? They don't give a grant. They're to show you know, the people, the type of people that she's a cold. We're calling yesterday. The same type of people that perpetrated the things that happened to Colorado, the things that happened to Colorado. There's plenty of assholes out there, sir. And the sad part of it is, it's not just a bunch of kids. There were adults with that same mentality who think that they're funny. That's the sad part about this town. We've got a bunch of overgrown children running around on the loose. Yes, but it's open. You've got to find a way to take them by the hand and take them in the tea room and leave them there. Thank you very much. You've got a great job. Take them up for the day off. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Sounds good to me. Just play music the rest of the day. They don't even have a comment about music these people. They don't overkey Martin from in Rieke Iglesias from 98 degrees from the third degree from the fifth degree. They don't know nothing about anything. Maybe it's because they're not talking about music. Well, you mean I'm not talking about what did I start talking about? Why do you want to busy looking at pictures? I'm not on the 98 degrees in Rieke and a whole bunch of crap that no normal people listen to. Hey, I hate to break the news you. That's where it's at now. Okay, whether you know what or not, they're all this way to an 911 to any of the above. Who said we have straight men? Oh, I'm sorry. We're number one in Julios. Oh, yeah, fat boy, right in the seat. There's another category now besides Hispanics. We've got what do they call it? I'll find it here. I'll find these sheets. The fast boy brought it. Huh? Yeah, it's Hispanic. These sent is Hispanic, which is a different category. So 25 to 54 men were number one on this show. I'll do the day 10 to 2 25 to 49 men were number one on this show. 25 to 44 number one. I like that. 18 to 49 number one. Oh, Vanic, unbelievable. That's amazing. Which I still can't figure out what that means. Okay, Hispanic decent means that they once wore a guiabairer or somebody in their family once wore one. I once ate horse meat. 5, 6, 7. I'm waiting on your baby. I mean, here's your opportunity to redeem yourselves for my prosthetic performance yesterday. But I'm not going to hold my breath too long. Then we got that lady calls back again today. They call yesterday once she's got her dog talking to me today. She wants my mother calling on the show. Just blame me for that. Okay, blame me because I won't talk anything intelligent. I'm the bad guy. Not near to the neals fault. Not the audience. Not soft Florida that we got a bunch of dunderheads out there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon, 5, 60 on the board. Fab radio. 5, 60, W, Q, A, M. In prouds of present. Show that you're going to love. You want fat sports? We got them. Starting this Monday. It's the ob not game show with Wally and Brian Cox. Only on 5, 60, W, Q, A, M. Can't wait. 15, 5, 60, W, Q, M. Even the male is from assholes. Yo, the faxes. 90% of them are from assholes. The male is from assholes. This is an asshole place. Let's face it. I mean, why should it be surprising that we got a lot of assholes on the phone. Especially like yesterday. And lately a lot. It's an asshole place. Like, you know, I was just saying to George, did we have one call about Brittany Spears? Is there anybody in this audience? Could enlighten tell us anything about her? No, they wouldn't know Brittany Spears from a spare-gist spears. From spirit shockers. They don't know nothing about Brittany Spears. Now you're going to start attacking her music, too. Is that it? Uh-huh. I mean, you know, it's never heard it. Huh? Haven't heard it. Who hasn't heard it? I haven't heard it. Good song. The new video is great. World debut on MTV last night. Like I said, we're talking to the wrong audience. We're talking to a bunch of old-farts over the age of 25. We need to be talking to living and breathing people at no worth yet. Then we'll real good music like. How money is what money is? Who? What is this? Swim shady. Like that. Did we get a call about that? And that by the way wasn't Eminem. That wasn't original, but they didn't have it there anymore. You know, you go to the records store nowadays. You try to find stuff and, you know, just they're easy. What is this crap that people are sending me? And what is this garbage? What is this swirl? That one guy that always sends me porn. We sent him a thing about the guy damn turnpike thing. With that, express lane. All this other silly stuff. Send something good. Okay, send money. Please. Oh, man. If you could just see this. If you could see this group of mail. And actually, they were like, this wasn't the junk mail today. Literally. We're just going through that time here. Don't panic people out there. It's only from May till November. Here's a lady mobile in the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. I just want to say that you give a fantastic show. And the one thing that I find very funny is why do these people call an assist to you and the native, you know, you're on who offer quite some time? And they come on and all they do is talk to you. And you want to hang it up anyway. Is that for you? More on because they don't have any life. Exactly. They have no material, no material. It's like this. Like yesterday, you know, the show that I'm getting them. I'm doing great, but the response is usual is nothing. So then I went to the screen listing. So I was opposed to getting almost no calls. Now the phones are sizzling. They're smoking solid the whole rest of the day. But there are people that had nothing to say. So that's when you get, you know, like that for two and a half hours. I don't know. How is it possible to have nothing to say about anything. That's why I never could understand how a place could be so vacuous such a living and breathing vacuum is this down with so many people with nothing to say no matter what the topic is. Yeah, I don't get it. The other thing I find funny is the guy who says, Oh, you know, you don't want to talk about anything except for what you like. Well, that's why you want to show. And then when I just like every other one of I came in, I say, well, what do you want to talk about? He has no material. All he wants it was attack me. So that's the substitute for having any material about anything. Is attack me, attack Georgia, attack both of us, whatever. That's the substitute for having anything to say. Yeah, I don't get it. Why does one say that I think you have a fantastic show. Listen every day. And hey, when the ask you going to New Times the best tonight. No. No, you should go. You should go. You'll be a lot of fun. No thanks. Okay. Well, I'll get one. And back to it. Bye. We've come down in there where did you go? It's free. 560560, pound 560 on the ATWR was one. So like I said, this album is waiting around the gathering dust. It's 90 degrees. It's getting totally violent. At least, singers name is Nick. Signal is pretty. It's killing me. It's just about got into the big nose. Now, if I can't, it's bigger than life itself. It's called by the way. It is so hard. It's just got to be safe. It's good. It is so hard. You know, I hate to say this. You know, who he sounds a little bit like since we're talking about T-rooms and all other stuff. George. Flavio says that. No, George Michael. Oh, yeah. Actually, yeah. I'm embarrassed. I'm also embarrassed to say actually a lot of George Michael's music. I do like. I'm personally here in my cam nausea. I mean, going way way back when with all his closet bull crap and all his phony, you know, a dalliances with women. He's been a flaming queen. Anybody that didn't know George Michael was a flaming queen. Going way back to wham and his boyfriend there. There was allegedly, you know, one day he was his boyfriend. The next day he was his associate. Whatever the hell he was. Flaming, faggot. Who are you kidding George Michael? Okay. Go back in the T-room. There was a lot of things. All right. Most embarrassing part of it is that I had to admit George was right. These are all. And I'm not lumping them together because some of one of the groups is great to back to people. Some of the end of this group is pretty good. They can sing. The other one's all suck. But every one of them is manufactured with the same. If you look at the line or notes in the CD, it's got the picture and finally in the last picture here. This is a Nicke looks human. But every one of them has got these comments. Firstly and importantly, I like to thank the Lord. And Justin says, I think the creator for and Jeff says, Thank God and Saint Jude and Drew says, First I'd like to thank God for his buzz. Just like the Aliner notes in the first back to the voice album. Same, you know, remember I thought that they were a bunch of good to born again Christian goody two shoes. Instead of finding out that they were. Whatever they are. Yeah. Sorry, Nicke. What, what is that? You don't know what they are. Now you saw Kevin and AJ were okay. Okay. AJ did head that the tattoos in the earring. I'll let's pass on him. What? I know what they must have done to get the job. This is not Manugo, okay. Yeah, what do you think Ricky Martin did? Well, I guess whatever was coming naturally. And that they were all saying, do what comes naturally. Here's a lady in Pepper Pine, tell us. Hello. Yes, man. What's going on? Not much. No, first I just want to say, what? Are you a backstreet fan? RMI, I'm number one. Why? What do you mean by that? Need to move to Ncink. Ncink sucks. They are there. They can't sing. They're all there. You think you have ever heard them live? No, I don't want to hear them live. I thought I tried their video on MTV last night. I threw up four meals on the same time. No, no, no. That must have been AJ and how many. In fact, I threw up in the sink. No, no, no, no. You're knocking the backstreet boys. Of course I am. Based on what? The backdoor boys. Based on what? Based on what? Based on what? Based on what? Based on what? Based on what? Based on what? Based on what? Like real men, like Jay. Think that dad thinks 13 years old schesie. Ouryyy Ch Feng. She adries, trying to scold somebody. Who was that? Klinthie. She is a smart person. He has to say so. Who are you? What, do you want to felt such a thing? Who thought yesterday somebody was going to play with Harry? conference conference interview. Okay. Who are these guys of himself too? JT Sah gorilla Walg You all love the song command admitted. My father's been on with you. Yeah. You got to give you the idea. It's not just like all I have to get. I can't control my new material. I'm so sick right now. Oh, no. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. There he goes. I'm a little bit dizzy. I'm a crazy person. But you said that with my mom, I hate her. I hate her. Now what about Britney Spears? Do you like her? No, no, no, no. No. I don't even get me started on her unless you want me to get started. Go ahead. All right. Well, first of all, the obvious. No one at 17 years old should be getting a boot job. Especially when. How do you know that they're not for real? I can see with my own eyes, boots on the ground right. I don't even care if you like to do the breast exercise. They still don't grow. Maybe she's been doing a lot of breast exercise. Maybe she's having breast feeding the whole staff. No, but you don't do that. So breast feeding herself. Yeah. Maybe she's like Ron Jeremy. Maybe she's double-joyed it. We'll see that. Yeah. I don't want to see that video. I don't want no. Well, maybe she said I've just been about that. Uh-huh. But um, and then she says, you know, all her like little candy interviews that she does. Oh, you should, you know, like the way that you are and be yourself and low. And then she's 17 years old. Her boots aren't even fully grown. Yeah. She's getting in plan. You know? It worked for Pamela Lee for a little while. So they started to fall out. And we're just taking him out. It's in and out. So they started getting that over in the cap, you know. Well, you know, but Pamela, I mean, she's, she got her whole face read on. But she's, you know, you started thinking, they had a good, you ever watched an NTV that nine to ten hour? Yeah. Oh, that's totally right. Right. I love that. Okay. So just before they, you were playing number one is still in sync. You'll be pleased to like that. Oh, it's that. They'd be at number eight. Yeah, I saw that. Really? I saw that. I saw that. I saw that. I saw that. Huh? I guarantee a backseat of being number one. I guarantee a backseat of being a backseat. I guarantee a backseat of being a backseat. Oh, but I'll do it. We'll take your call collect. Oh, you're specific. Where are you? I'm in Pemor times now, but I go to school and games though. Well, we'll take your call collect. Well, actually, you know when things are going to be connected. You're going to go and check it out. Now, what about 98 degrees? You like that? There, there are very handsome gentlemen. And they can think too. What does that mean? What do you mean? The handsome? Are you serious? It's not like your planets are casting. No, they're gorgeous. You mean, like Nick, the lead singer, the one that's a... Nick is a little too chiseled for me. He's too perfect. Yeah. I like a little. I know, well, you are perfect. I know. Okay, so you'd talk to you next week. Oh, well, actually, I just have one more thing to say about Brittany. Yeah. She's also a liar. Yeah. And he... The safe bank on her body. And she needs to do his decent sit-ups. And she buys her hair. Yeah. She can't think you need to hear this girl live. Your ears will crack. Okay. And that's life. And Nick says... This is the best in Pink Rock. And... Oh, I'm getting a little stiff. Five, six, seven, five, six. She don't like to backstreet boys. Sweetheart, I just don't know what it is. What did mommy and daddy do to you to make you turn out like this? What did they do to you? They take away your lunch money at school. What did they do? They thought I'd take you by the hand of the tea room until you were like 20 years old. What was it that they did? Here's Margie. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yeah, a good time long time. Right, Joe. I just want to touch something with those hostages. It's kind of funny that popularity of the military action we're having over there was Vory down at that time. And next thing you know, three guys get your abs. And everybody's like, let's go get them. Then after that... Well, the interesting part of it is that the administration didn't watch S.E. Jackson. They didn't want any part of that going on. Yeah. Well, that's the other one. That's just a byproduct of the public's stupidity. Yeah, but we'll understand. He's going to be running for president. No, he's not. Oh, he's not. No. Why do you say from what I understand? He's already made it very clear. He's an outstformed. He's not going to be running. Well, see, I didn't understand. I don't understand. And it's nothing. Regarding the, you know, the PP issue. I believe that if you're not physically ill that you're actually your PP is septic. It's clean so that it would... If you just did it on your hands, you wouldn't have to watch him. Exactly. Yeah, as far as I'm concerned, anybody that watches any guy that watches his hands after he takes a leak is a flaming faggot, okay? And believe me, it takes one to no one. Well, great show. That's a great thing. I'm a hell of a lot more mucher than all you big macho guys I've said that go take a big, they go wash your hands. Seriously, stop and think about that. And I can understand if you got four skin. I mean, that's that's another problem. Okay, get that cheese off there right away. 26 after 11 o'clock in five, 60 WQA, and you look like, you're so tired, you best, dude. It's out of the me like that young lady, our good friend from James Goliath, who was from her before. It sounds like she's jealous of those big, gigantic melons that Brittany Spears has got. I mean, 17 years old, why would we have to assume that she's had implants just because she's got big high on, voluptuous boobs, 500 calls off the air. Saying one. She said a boobs job. She didn't have a boobs job. Does anybody care? No. Did they mind? No. Why does that make a difference? Oh, I, there's a little bit strange to be 17 and have a boobs job, but it seems to be working, right? Yeah. Working like magic. Here's a cutlery, yellow. You're right, Neil. Nobody's a business, but hers. That's right. Listen, though. They're looking for them. Who cares if they're real or not? Mine going to hockey for a minute. Go ahead. I watched a Boston game last night, really, real spirited effort. Ray Borx playing like a kid, but he seems to do that over a year. I don't know. I don't know. The broon's just surprising that a lot of me. I didn't really, I'll tell you who's playing fantastic as Joe Thornton. That kid last year was a real stiff and a lot of people thought they made a real bad traffic, but this year he's playing great. You're right. You see that goal that he deflected in, workshop? That one about a 50 foot from the blue line. He just, I mean, just an unbelievable shot about a foot off the ice and he just, right, making pressure. He didn't get a toe in the crease. That was a great goal. As you know, he never, he never, except for the first one. The other ones were buying like rockets. Yeah. But I'm getting credit. That was a great shot by Allison. They're playing great. I got, you know, and that's Pat Burns again. You're right. Just remember the job he did with the least two years in a row. I was flipping over like between periods and I saw that slash near the end. I was trying to make a big deal. Like he was trying to push the puck in from the goal. But that was just enough for it to get him down. I mean, that was pretty wicked. That's really good. I'm going to tell you guys like Pat for being. He should have been kicked out of league a long time ago. He's a piece of crap. It was a wicked. And then they'd bring the sparks around there saying, Lewis, to retaliate against their own. Exactly what it was. And he slashes him on a arm and they should both get to a three game suspension. Only at least for a big hit suspension would mean something. Well, we'll see what happens. Okay. All right. Good luck tonight. Good luck to you. Good luck to those Maple Leafs tonight tonight, baby. Maple Leafs in the appengals of the Arcana Center. I should be there. I should get out of here right now. I could hop on an American Airlines two fifteen flight. Get out of here right now. Go up to get some good seats for that game. Not, not seats like I got for that last game there. Oh, brother. That Maple Leaf of Panther game. They stopped and it seats too. We love those Panthers. How they doing in the playoffs, by the way. Of course, you notice these. So the Sterling coverage that you have in both newspapers here for the NHL playoffs. The future endeavors. In fact, the Harold Broward edition went to bed so we're the last night. They don't even have anything about the Dallas end the was game at all. They don't even have a score. They must go to bed about 1045 at night that piece of crap. Broward edition of the Harold. But both papers doing a future job of covering the NHL playoffs. And they wonder, why nobody down here's got an interest or no zanthing about it. Here's a mobile and true for city. Hello. Hi, Neil. I opened up my my email sports page today and all I saw was a big picture of so on the spot. Yeah, I've read about 45 pages on the National of Bad Buna Association. Nothing about the hockey player. Nothing about hockey. They give girls softball more coverage in the hockey. That's right. The other is only what 10 hours ago before the model and pregame. Yeah, I'm going to be sitting next to the radio. I'm getting excited just after the bottom. You know, all the problems to turn out that make a leaf playoff game just so I can turn out a radio and catch Joe and Dave. All the sports nerds, all the sports riders, the first team everybody's lamenting that no one's going to these games. What the hell would they expect? I'm in full boycott of the marlins. They can shut down. They can go out of business. They can move. At least last year we could go watch Jim Leeland. There was somebody to go watch. We could watch him. You know, maybe smoke a faggot in the dugout. Yeah. This shirt is nothing. Take your team John Henry. You won't be broke. Just to sell it, go do something. And how do you like Greg Greed says, well sales on the game spots on a sales on a games or worse than ever before, but we're not going to be in the patient. He's, well, what does that mean? Who is our answer on that crap? When I can get a spot for $10 a spot, I'll be buying. They'll be, they're going to pay you 50 bucks to run the spot. Where do I find? And you'll still say, no. You know, me on closing. Big Jim have a happy mother's day. Okay. Finally. So finally, somebody comes through forest. Well, yes, time to get the adoggy IQ testing in. Right. Let's get that up. After you yesterday. But anyway, so what are our facts? You said, oh, you know, who this is from? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is from Donna Been. Was that, you know, who that was that was Johnny Darzole Drolfer? Wasn't it? Huh? Donna Been. Don't like that. That's who that was. Because the bird, every time we get a fraction of Donna Been. Oh, oh. He said that. Anyway, it's is, uh, it's not easy being 17 and juggling. Something about juggles. Juggling home schooling with worldwide pop start. And a video rehearsal in February. I was kicking my right leg up in the left leg just collapsed. It Britney Spears, who's infectious. And if you see baby one more time has sold more than 3 million copies. She spent three weeks on crutches then under one surgery to perturb car. Legia, well, maybe that's why she had a boob job. Maybe when her leg gave out a kind of like, you know, I'm saying the Ying and the Ying and the Ying and she had a lot of get her whole body balance. Again, it says, but hobbling or hob nodding with professional hairdressers has advantages. One starless told me to get my hair light and even more is the naturally brewed spirit. It looks so much better. Not that the five, five singer needs much help. Even as a little baby, she was really darling since her mother, Linda, second grade teacher at Kentwood, Louisiana. Dad Jamie is a building contractor. She's always been noticed. They said, but unlike John Bene, she's still alive. Never more so than in the upper over the recent low lead life photos, her that appeared in Rolling Stone. Now is that the issue that you have in your hand right now? George has got one hand on the magazine and the other hand on his. I thought they turned out really well counter-spirers. It was also wounded by a report that she has breast implants. It hurts me to hear this kind of stuff says her mom. So in other words, she denies it. Does she have breast implants? She says no. But famous friends like InSync, J.C. She says, well, what kind of a name is that? C-H-A-S-E-Z? What kind of a name is that? Must be Shavez. J-C says that Spirers first probably looked at really appeals. Guys are in her because she's cute and girls like her because she's not trying too hard. She says, she says, well, first met Spirers in 1992, when both were Mickey Mouse club mouse cutiers along with InSync's Justin Timberlank. Timberlank, Timbertank. Or Tinky Winky. Yeah. Fierce schedule, in addition to a 40 city tourist starting in June, she's in talks for her own TV pilot and appearances on Dawson's Creek. Doesn't leave much time for dating. Oh, it always says that every article about these kids, oh, they don't have their, you're so lonely on a road. They don't have much time for dating. They're screwing their brains out. So if she has an embarrassing makeup moment, it's in front of a whole stadium. She was all set to walk on stage and open for InSync and Dawson's bra. Oh, so she's like, like this within SYNC. That's what that's all about. Last December, when she noticed the large blemish on her cheek, with the ingenuity of youth, covered it with eyeliner and made a mole, she says, the midway through the show, the beauty mark turned ugly. It's weird because she had been sweating. I wonder if she's got a mole on her. Huh? And maybe that had been sweating too. Well, she's a- Ha ha ha ha. So if she's only 17 years old and you're owing over her here on the air, huh? On you, Peter Files. Shame on you. Shame on you. Aren't you embarrassed owing over her 17 or higher age? Huh? That would be like me getting all bent outside of the box. Ha ha ha. Yeah. He's at least 19. I thought sex was 17 year old before. When I was 17. I was 17. And last week. And. Well, see, this is America where the league of ages about two years too high anyway. You do realize that. That most of the countries like in West Europe, it's like 16, 15, 16. What's wrong with that? I mean, if 15 or 16 is old enough to shoot up your classmates, it's certainly a little enough to screw your brains out. Twenty one, but to stay out of the team room at the saw grass, though, I'll tell you that unless you're at least 25. That's what they're going to start doing. If you haven't, don't go to the saw grass if you got a week later. Or if you got a week, oh, I don't even think about going because if you've got to take a leak at the saw grass, you're under 40. They're going to be checking ID and keeping kicking your ass on there. Speaking of getting your ass kicked out, a lot of you have tried to getting a loan from a big bank or a big London institution. They said, no, thank you. Sorry. Here. Yeah. Glad you noticed. Hey, thank you. Like people though watching women are fair brown. They're green for their individual. Why are not fair brown? Some say he's bringing them. They're not so talkin'. Not much to look at. They're A, A, looking. They're male. They're salute to much. They're the little two. They're the little two. His nose is just so salute to love her. But by this morning, I feel been long and long. He's got a really big trouble throughout. No, no, the cream is billeted out. He's got a really big trouble throughout. A fish in football. Are you? He's got a really big trouble throughout. They're fucking like nirgin' with the child. Get out of him ÑÑ‚Ð°Ð² the chair of fishing for both. He's got a thank me pitchers, child. Hey, thank you kids. He's got a good name in it. Nice to see you there. He's got lost. The records were from the town, suck like crazy. I've got to mention that lately. They had now they do have a virgin records, which is one of the best record stores in the world. They have one in Miami somewhere, but I have no idea where it is. Somebody will call in and tell us. But other than that, the record stores in this town really blow, they bite, you can't find 95% of whatever it is you're looking for. They suck. You would have a real city, you know? Like anywhere in Western Europe, Amsterdam, they got every street corner. There's another gigantic, humongous record store. Go to Toronto, they got sand there on young street and like a three or four-day gigantic, you'd lost in there. You'd normally lose places. Here's a guy that's been lost for many years, by the way. There is nothing worse than take for us. Yeah. The feel of break, bro. Yeah, like you would keep written these spares out of bed. Of course, she's only 17 to really talking figuratively speaking. Have you ever seen written these spares? Yes, she's very cute. Yeah, okay, thank God for that. Some guys in South Miami, by the way. What is it? Virgin records. I said, that's why you find Virgin records a great record store by the way, yes, go ahead. And let me join the record. Do you ever know why record, anyway? Has George ever played with fake breath? You mean honor off the dull? Yes, I have. Yes, he has. I'd name the worst. That depends on the job done. Yeah, I don't like him. But anyway, listen, so I'm going to ask you the shambler. I'm sure something, if you got a new job, would that be called a boob job? I'm sorry, that was a little blow. Hey, what's in the bag? Yeah, you gave me. What is it? I heard that bit, yes, but I feel honored. What was that? Paul Harvey Jr. Show. Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, we want to get you in there with all the other dead people. I like her boss ran. Listen, have you ever noticed the Veeats spicy Chinese food you have to go to the bathroom like 20 minutes half hour later? Really bad. That ever happened to you? Yes. So anyway, we went out to Chinese restaurant. I got something extra spicy. And then we go over to Kmart. We're on Pomegranate. We understand the reason that that happens is not you, is that the hot spicy food like works on your spincture and you know, starts stimulating. But it's so easy to run to the square. It's like did you do you ever drink coffee, Kavanaugh? Do you ever have Cuban coffee? Yes, the worst. Right. Doesn't that like, hopefully you are like, that's called backspel. Right. Anyway, we go into Kmart and I got to go. And you ever go in the stall and you can't go until everybody leaves. No, I've never gone in, I can't go. But I would prefer, I know. You're all trying to hold it and only do very silent business. Yeah, but you try to get out of there and then you just cut a little off. Yeah. Okay. Well, the whole glory, this can't, this is out of the gut history. Last week, I go in there. I have to go Chinese food. I've got to go. I'm holding hold. And in the next store, a stall under. Oh. No, don't you, don't you love that? Oh, no. Yeah. But I see why I look down and there's one pair of shoes sitting on the ball. And there's another pair of sneakers hopping up. Yeah. I thought you were just talking about guys who've grown one day. Yeah. Oh, that's kind of drug and gross. Yeah. And I just had to release. Yeah. It was like, oh, okay. That must have made for a weird romantic situation. I'll run the room in the moment for that. Yeah, probably. Okay. Have a good look. Yeah. Oh, you know, you know, they have like bladder problems. Give her static at the urinal. And they're like grunting and grunting. And you know, it's not like there's a lot of hand motion going on there. So they might be doing something else. They're just taking a leak. But, like, you know, I mean, Jesus Christ. All you doing is peeing is it really that difficult as it, Oh, man. Something to first look forward to, I guess, later on in life. 567 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's four lot of Dale. Hello. Hi, God. Yes, sir. I'm on the feathers that are running with a small dinty too. And young lady, they're afraid of anal sex, man. But it's okay. Whatever you say, okay. Get the sock over our off at next time you call on the phone too. 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Always really, you know, always a very fine of guys who say dinky. As in. Eeeeh. Here's a lady in Davy. Hello. Hi. I wanted to comment on Britney Spears and that whole instinct thing. Okay. I was listening to that girl that called from games over before and I think I know her. Yeah. But I wasn't a chronic caller. She's all right. Really, she's nice. I think if that's who I think it was. She's like, okay. Anyway, I would not really begin to think fan way. Like a couple months ago and November they came down here and they were at the Broward County Fair and my friend, I hated them. I'll be honest with you. I think they stand the rest of them. They sucked. I didn't want to have anything to do with it. But that's a joy really cute. Okay. Who is they have somebody cute in that group? Oh my god. Joseph Anthony for coengineer is my dog. Oh, I don't know. Oh, by the way, J.C. last name is not Chad. It should be. So I want to say. I should say by any other name would say O.A. Oh, I like craft. They all look bad. Okay. Well, let me tell you what happened. I mean, maybe they can sing all the way. I don't like that new video. There's. There are videos. All right. Number one on MTV, but all the kids around drugs, you know. Exactly. Well, let me tell you what happened. Pretty far. And I don't know, you know. You know. What. Yeah. Okay. I'll get on back. Are you going to connect the back street? No. No. I'm. I'm going to. I'm going to tell you what happened. Okay. Okay. Brittany Spears came out and she. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. It's a studio artist. Okay. She's fine. Our. She. I would not go by it personally because I think that she's wrong. But that's. Oh, other stories. Yeah, but you're not. A lesbian or you think she was really hot. No. Okay. Oh, I'm sorry. I just want to. But you don't understand that most heterosexual. Yeah, I agree, but my breath is real so that's even better than what she's got. Okay, in other words you have larger I have I had to eat a real and I don't need that larger For my breath, this is how we go ahead. Okay, so we're getting the experience right right Britney Spears came out to open forencing right? She sounds like she was a cow getting run over by a car. She's going to God when she's saying like they Awful okay, but you think I didn't really like them, but you have to see their life show And I'm gonna give you an offer here I have an extra ticket for one of their concerts and I would like you to come with me. No No Okay, okay, okay, are you just offered? Now if you got a ticket for the back-speed voice concert names to them on June the fifth I'll be glad to escort you Wow, I don't live there, but if you can get them all go with you. Okay, all right Have you seen the back-speed voice video? Of course, I did repart it. It is so stupid. There's no point in that video I like this song. I'll give you that to song as you're gonna go with me Ask you does there have to be a point to a video? There's no point in the lyrics I mean, I'll be the first one to tell you that look like no sense, but it's a great song I can't stop listening to it. I'm obsessed with it Right, so you're a huge back-speed voice. I so huge you have no idea. I'm doing an absolutely ugly Okay, oh no, well if you like the not like you work in the radio, why don't you get hooked up? I went and saw them at the I got an ammonia practice They went and saw them at that horrible place up in Palm Beach last year Thanks for a little bit of labor the coral sky amphitheater and it rained like crazy And we got real crappy seats about 10 million miles away, and they all look like widgets. You know Yeah All right, let's talk about Britney Spear now Since that seems to be the Commenters, we haven't really seen anything about the back-speed boys, but you like him or not? I'm not really big back-shape voice fan, but that new song is really good. I really like it. Well, thank God for that I mean, Nick is kind of filling out, you know from up You know what? Honestly everybody's making fun of them because he's getting big But I think he looks better like that. He filled out. Oh, yeah, he looks much better. He's getting big Kevin. I'm so proud of him like Like everybody makes fun of him because he only had one eyebrow, but he has two so they ought to shut up No, no, he's almost 30 years old. He better grow the other one fast Just choose to light But anyway Britney Spears and closing Britney Spears is totally fake. I don't think anybody should go support her anyway By the CD that's it don't go to her shows she sucks. They're all gonna be disappointed Now I think if she sucks, they'll probably be happy. Well, that's one of the guys. Okay. I survived. See ya Bye and when are we getting those pictures? I think it's time to suck rage suck the rage, baby 567. Oh 560 pound 560. That's the model for the NBA playoffs suck the rage. Oh, yeah What is wrong with the people in this country, huh? All these phoneies You know pretending that they're all big fans of these seven these big big You literate seven foot tall spaches. I mean are you people kidding anybody? Oh, not kidding me 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line See adult don't buy music In fact, if all the kids stop buying a music tomorrow then all our record stores all these all these things They all go out of business because adults don't buy music So when old fart like me goes in a record store they all start guarding the team first of all Let's say I don't have to worry but then I'll seriously see you will go into any record store You'll see almost no adults That's why we get no response to this because our ones the last time any of these people in this audience ever Be side to the on ladies we heard from ones the last time any of them ever bought an CD cassette and anything Right and adult meals definitely don't buy music Now I would be embarrassed to find out what kind of music that the young guys They're buying you know Here's Parkland, hello Neil good news the verdict is in Jenny Jones has been held liable for $25 million And the best part is she's gonna be executed high moon by far as what great Okay, great 567 560 pound five 60 on the ATT wireless line here's Hollywood hello In the movie godfather Remember when they expected nice through look a blocky hand yes, they should do it the Murray brothers forget Read a more okay, great. Thank you five six seven 560 pound five 60 on the ATT wireless line See it's very easy now in retrospect I was supposed to when I was telling you two years ago when and not only got rid of them, but they paid him $600,000 to go away When I told you that right up front anybody now can look back and the like Jason Wolley was playing so great for buffalo What a deal that was okay, Stu Barnes who granted isn't doing a goddamn thing now, but Jason Wolley alone and then we get Chris Wells And return But you know you can't turn a clock back in a meantime. I told you that two years ago and all I got was a lot of Villeification and I don't know what I'm talking about and the bop bop bop bop and that's the 560 560 you know what ever happened in the old days when we would play Luis and the gal we get a million calls about Luis Miguel play and anything you don't talk it about music Of course that was real music, but nevertheless No, it's just not the same you see it you hear it you notice it I have the idea what what can cranks these people's chains It wasn't the sports show is on his station and you hear about sucking the rage and it sucks It does suck it makes me nauseous. I get the rage. I Get the fits and then I get the Hey, if you get the fits when you look in the mirror and see that big grotesque ball spot And go there's nothing worse than a big ball spot. I sure know about that then car good friend Charlie off eerie The That stupid Yeah It's too much to say. It's too much to say after another 560 WCM we got the ankle over a show with two. We got Kimbobo camper with 6930. We got the marlins on the west coast after Dodgers. Why do I have to wait for anybody here at Tom's Jikala's night? After the hockey game I doubt it. Well, sure, it must have been awful late. Dallas and San Luis. I was not that late. I thought I was going to hold the end thing. And did Tom discuss the radio ratings? How great QAM did you discuss that last night? No. We have any spy reports on it. No. Not like the old days, boy. The old days we could count on this audience no matter what it was. They were there in a heartbeat. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, what about Britain's peers and Jerry Helpman? Great. 560, 0.560. How long do you wait for that? That was brilliant. 560, 0.560, 0.560 on a mobile one line. Here's a camera. Hello. Are you doing before you ask if anybody ever bought a record because of the way a person looked? How many people you think bought? Can I get Twain's records? Because it was a way she looked. No, I didn't. Wasn't my question about the way they looked. I said how many people bought a record because they liked the video? Oh, right. Still a one. Yeah. A lot of people bought it because it had. I'm 50. Who you saw? I want to tell you something. Any heterosexual male that says they wouldn't do Britney Spears. Is there a line in his or her as a class of queen? But first I'd have to get a note for our mother. Okay. Go bro. Okay. There's the best colony or so far. I'm less user. Isn't that just what I said before? And didn't I tell you, I come in this morning. I'll be honest with you. George didn't know Brittany Spears from like I said, a spirit of this spirit. He didn't know who the hell I was. He knew the name. He was talking about her yesterday when the magazine. But you hadn't seen her. I still haven't. No, not before yesterday. They haven't seen her moving. I'm not going to hang out. I'm talking about like in the video. No moving. Reading. No moving. Nor have I ever been to. Right. She was leaving it. They had the world debut over brand new video last night, which is shot on the Beach. And the she's on there and there's a bunch of other interesting people on there including this one guy. She's looking through that. What do they call that thing? The uh, the numbers. Huh? No, they're not vernacular. They're like a coin operator. Yeah. She's looking in. She spots this one guy who's hotter than then, then, um, Tamali saw us. So like I said, there's something to eat. Everybody occupied. What do you think? I was watching it so long. Looking at her. But I mean, you can't help if you're living in breeding. You can't help but look at her and say, holy Christ. And then coming in here this morning, you find out she's only 70 years old. A lot of the parents out there. A lot of you fathers out there that escort your daughters to the ladies room. Now what? See, that's one thing that women don't have to worry about. They're always complaining about, well, you know, they're on a short on the stick. And they don't have equal rights there. Yeah, and they got a good point in some areas. But one thing you don't hear about too many women being molested in the tea room. They get raped in a parking lot, but they don't give a list in the tea room. Huh? One thing about lesbians. They don't feel glory holes that we know of. They don't write graffiti. We heard that. And number three, uh, or did they say they did write graffiti or not? Yes, they did. They do write graffiti. That's just before you see that tongues to continue to glory hole. Might be the janitor though. Here's a mobile and the game will. Hello. Yeah, um, yeah, I got a grill at you. You got song, but back to your voice is really good. Good. Talk to about a pedophiles before we're hanging out with some NHL players from the sharks before. And, um, they're saying that probably have to come to my interview. Yeah, I'm right. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Right. Just keep trying to pound. Keep trying it. Here's a Hollywood. Okay, sir. Yeah, I have to agree with you. I don't think that most adults buy cities anymore. They don't even walk into a record store. No, you don't have any idea what's going on in there. I, um, all my old collection is from probably, you know, when I was, uh, in my late teens and 20s. Right. Um, um, uh, 30s. I bet you can't even remember the last CD that you bought or the last record you bought. Well, you know, well, no, I can't. I can't be honest with you, but if it wasn't today's music. It was music from the 70s when I was a teenager. Like, what was it? Um, please wouldn't act that new one that they just came out with. Yeah. Well, and you know, pretty spears. I wouldn't buy her CD, but I went out and bought the, uh, blow up on. The Rolling Stone, which is, uh, not, yeah, but if you went out and got the CD, yeah. No, you don't want the CD. You want to watch MTV, which is for the moving video, like when she's breathing and heaving. Well, I'm not to look for that because they, you know, there was one that's been out for about a year now. And all of a sudden she's becoming big, but she's been around for about a year now. Right. Right. Video where she did in like her high school. Mm-hmm. And she did the high school, the whole school. She, she, well, it was done in her high school. Oh, I see. And let me say it's a very suggestive. Yeah. Good. That's what we want. And I got to just call it about bread and earlier. I can't agree more. I mean, any heterosexual man. I, I know she was only six. She had to, if she's 17. She's 17. We haven't done very good authority. She's 17, and getting older by the minute. If she's 17 now, then that video had to be done when she was about 15 or 16. Right. And let me tell you, any heterosexual man would have done her, would have done, would have done 20 years for her. Would have spirit Brittany, right? Absolutely. Okay. Got a bless you, sir. Yeah. See at the old, see all the old parts are going to be watching MTV. Now, nice going to the only guy in America, you know, old parts, old perverts, let's his lears, even the Tom Lears is going to be watching. And Norman Lears, just to check out Brittany Spears, and believe me, it'll be well worth it. Twice the price of the mission. If you can get through that in sync, crap. 5, 6, 7, sir. So that's our full question, which is worse. Five or in sync. I mean, those are two such bad bad groups. I mean, they couldn't all be great, you know? It's fairly alive. Yeah. See, and you can pull, pull it all you want, Mr. Pupu. But here it's May 7, and they're just, they're just growing. This single here that I'm playing this, this is going to be so big. It's going to be number one quarter, not just number one. And this man sat in there with a straight face, a little over a year ago. And then this was right on the heels of what we had AJ and Kevin and the studio on the year would be that day. Up in our primitive studio around stairs. Give me a song to the answer, I'm flashing the pan, they suck, they can't sing. By the way, hey, to break the news to you, they wrote, they co-wrote a lot of the music on a new album. Yeah. Yes. That's what they say. You're such a piece of crap. You really are. Along with that sweet issue, guy, hilarious. Eight minutes after he's the sweet. Eight minutes past noon at five, 60 WQAM. A lot of people want to help on the even in order to bring these beers record right now. And of course, you want to get on there and, huh? Of course, they do. They want to get on Amazon.com or eBay or whatever it was. Whatever one of this, you want to get on the internet right away. You have to have mind spring because then you don't have to get the busy signals for half an hour. You don't have to do around with those stupid ads and keep saying no and no, no, no. Over and over again. Mind spring gets you right on there every time right away. In fact, mind spring was all to the best internet service provider by PC world and PC community magazines for 1998. I've more sad radio. We'll never be the same. Starting this Monday on 560 WQAM. It's the Brian and Jerry Marie Show. 6 at 10 a.m. Monday through Friday. Only on 560 WQAM. On line has become my home. There is so much to find my own. I'm star-steer and hutch lunchbox. And assign secure while we catch food. I'm spending too much time on eBay. Yeah. This is how I've been my day. Oh, I'm just spending too much time on eBay. Been in time. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've been awake for days now. Don't care how high it goes. Because I have one thing to live for. Got to get that kung fu britchi I drove again. I'm spending too much time on eBay. My paycheck is flat away. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I'm spending too much time on eBay. I don't know. Nobody in their mind is going to bring my key. Who do you see is a coach that couldn't do something. It seems loaded with talent. A ton of payroll and first round of the win today. Every year it's getting frustrating. I think Turing Murray will be great back in Fully. Okay, good luck. Turing Murray back to Fully. Give him another chance. Give him another chance. 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. I'm getting the move for that big leaf Pittsburgh game. It's a good way to follow the right now. Long shot. I have a tip not to the way. Paul gets it ahead of Center for Parallel. To the right with a shot. Yeah, they're all from the floor line. Hit one thing to Laugh. Annaboy Joe. I'm fired up. In fact, I'm sucking the, what was that, the sucking the, uh, rage. I'm sucking the big one. Getting all excited for that penguins, the least game tonight. And you're at the end of the center. That's where the real man are watching a hockey game. It's not the stupid, just full ball. You people are talking about, I mean, that guy that called here about golf the other day. That would be a tough one for me. Which one is more boring talking about golf or the NBA. Boy, that's a tough one. The NBA is not for white people. I hate to break the news. You know, nobody told you that yet. The NBA is for a spart. Is okay. It is not for white people. Get over it. Stop track. It's like all these white kids listen to rap music. I mean, nobody can stop you from listening to it. Nobody can stop you from buying a record. They'll take your money. But I hate to break the news. Yeah. It ain't for you. It ain't your stuff. And it's your thing. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You know, Neil, this isn't the first time the Britney Spears controversy came up. But, uh, on her boobs. Yeah, exactly. Uh, I remember, um, a couple of, I think it was last week. I was talking to a chaplain. Yeah. And, uh, what does he know about it? I think, uh, I think he was honestly thinking I had done it. And, uh, oh, yeah. Yeah. He was in that in the worst race, too, which I lost at capitalism. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, grow up here and call him up. Okay. We're sick and tired of your crap. Same guy that calls every day to tell us that a caple is a son of a bitch or whatever. Cause he, uh, you know, this guy's dumb enough to bet on a horse. I'm going to tell you anybody that bets on any sporting event based on what somebody got in this station says deserves to lose the rest. That's what Hank was telling me yesterday. He says any of these slumpers out there that bet on what we tell him. They got to be more on. Get a life. And he's absolutely correct. That a boy, Humper. So that's the whole question that they are. They real are out. They make believe Britney Spears and the number three does anybody care. I'm saying, if you care, then you're, you know, you're just looking for an excuse. You got to be a closet queen. Okay. Oh, I wouldn't touch her. Those aren't for real. Plus she's underage. Okay. Faggot. I'm telling you right now. There is not. If, let's assume for the sake of argument that she was 18. Okay. So this is America. And we're not supposed to talk about dealing with the underage people. People get very nervous as if they wouldn't, you know. Let's just assume for the sake of argument she was 18. Britney Spears. You really believe that there is one head of a sexual. For example, do you think? Roll. Okay. No to her. Although no one in the past that he's got. You know, I'm so tempted that yellow. I'd like Tracy a lot. Tracy Caracetal who's our sales promotions. Whatever his title is around here. Good guy came over from my. Oh. But that thing he was talking was the promotion he was discussing with us this morning. Where he mentioned the water Nazi. Roll. And screw in the sales manager. I'm really tempted. You know, I mean, I'm just hoping for the best that hoping that they don't get. Oh, man. Involved in that thing. Because if they do, the stuff is really going to hit the fence. The stuff will hit the fence. Just like the next time I hear a spot for a gun show. I'm on this program. Now, one thing I will say since that episode out there that grow test core renders on acceptable piece of American tragedy out there in Little Colorado. We have an at a spot for gun shows on this station that I've heard. And we damn well better not for a hell of a long time if ever. And like the mayor out there said in Denver, hey, all you and our assholes take your piece. You get that a lot of here. We don't want you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Why do you continue to talk hockey when you say it? Five six. Why do you continue to listen to her? You must absolutely love her. Uh-huh. There you go. There's still screaming at the air. Can't have the center. Five six seven. Oh, five. Spent 30 seconds playing one clip on a lease in a penguin 30 second. And this guy who's there's another guy with no material. So you're not full and me. You're not full in the audience. Instead of having something you want to talk about how come I'm talking about, you know, fill in the blank whatever it is. Because you got no material. Just knock knock knock knock. Because you're another typical South Florida asshole that's got nothing positive. Constructive, interesting, meaningful to say. You're a piece of turd. And by the way, stat of the glory holes over there are cheesy pennies. Okay. Ronda. asshole. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. I want to apologize to you. From an NBA fan at jerk about for what? I called you yesterday and I was talking about the leaf spents. And I ended it with a beautiful fiddell. I'm sorry. I just wanted to fight some of these Cuban assholes down here. Oh father me. Uh huh. I guess what they don't care. I know they don't. But the games are fine. I think that's how it's going to sweep. Or are you going to talk about hockey now? The slide guy's going to have an herbous breakdown. He's going to have a attack. I don't care. I don't need there. I think the final by sea star, sweep. That's say stars and seven. Okay. Good luck, Mr.. You'll need it. Stars didn't make it to finals. Not with Eddie the Choker Belfer winner. Believe me. In fact, several times in a game last night he was way out of position. He must have a horseshoe up his back. Oh, that's not it. Because boy, St. Louis just missed by the hair on his ass a couple of times getting greasy goals. You wait when push comes to shove 80 the beagle he'll be a bite in the big one. Like he always does. Some guys step up for the big games and some guys just you can hear the gagging sounds about four miles away. And in fact, I'd love to see St. Louis win the next four in a row. And I hate the blues. But just just because Dallas is such a goddamn dirty team. You know, can't stand dirty teams. Patver Beek the geek. They leave no one talking about. I think that guy had a point where we wasting our time with hockey. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, how are you? Pretty good, sir. I just wanted to welcome you to the world of virgin Atlanta, there were ways I'd like that trip. Great sensational. Yeah, that premium economy is not bad either. I was supposed to be either sleep or class. Yeah. And you didn't take get him a so much from your up there? No, I passed on him a so much. Well, they do that, you know, where the lounge is? Well, that little bar is. Right. They have a couch there and they just kind of give you a ten minute head and shoulder massage. Which is really pretty nice. Uh-huh. And the food, by the way, was sensational. It was some of the best airline food I've ever had in my life. The service was fantastic. My only complaint is because the whole crew there is British. I couldn't understand where they were saying. But other than that, it was one of the best, the fantastic. But the crew, by far, is probably the most friendly of any airline out in the industry. Yeah, they're friendly, but they don't overdo it. Some airlines, they never let you rest. They never leave you alone, but they know just give you just a right amount of attention. Here's that. I have no complaints. It was perfect. Just one other question if I may. You had to mention that there was a steak and steak that was going to open up in my progress. Where is that exactly? It's, uh, I think, on 136, you know, where the up there call a panther parkway now. Yeah. There's the shell station on the one side and, uh, and whatever else. It's right in that. And one of those four corners that they're going to be in the next month. I think a steak and shake. I know there's also one of those opening up on Brighton Beach Boulevard as well. Right. They're great. Yeah. Super. I love them. I was a fine out of the steak called Colisey Banks and welcome to the world of Virgin. And especially love they're toting the whole by the way. Have a good day, pal. You too, thanks. To the Lou. Bye. Yeah, Virgin Atlantic. Greater line ladies and gentlemen, finally discovered a great way to hop over to the Pana, the big 747, the ultimate in comfort with lots of leg room and elbow rulemen. They give you a little massage there if you want like he said. It's great. They give you a menu where you have actually like four different choices. Not just this. You want the meter. You want the chicken. You want the Mahi Mahi or you want the tot in the hole. You know. I mean granted, on most airlines, it doesn't make that much difference. And I respect in gourmet cuisine because you're flying like two, three hours, whatever. But when you're flying across the pond for like, you know, eight, nine hours depending on which where you're going, maybe a nice meal might be nice. And even the. Okay. I mean, it didn't just have like a bottomless hole like on a train. You know, there's so much response we got on that nothing because how many people in this audience do you think you've ever taken a train in Europe? I'm not talking about and track here in this God for second country that's crash null of time. I'm talking about the great train system they got over there in Europe. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Don't forget to die here. We are tour over to Rhineland. We're all getting together. All of us here last. We're getting together doing that this summer. Here's a mobile in Bokka. Hello. Okay, sir. Big leaf. Yes. I'm a little worried about funding, though. You know, you in school. Well, see, that's the one thing about this team. They got balance. We don't have to worry about him. Who if he don't score, then the. Steve Sullivan steps up or Steve Thomas steps up or, uh, Barers in the. Yeah, if you don't have to worry about that. Maybe we should take the sea off the stairs and put it on Dome. Yeah, there you go. Okay. Give me a Peter Warl a bit. Kiss force to. Okay. Ty Dome. Okay. See, this is what we're dealing with. This is the kind of hockey. A ledge hockey family got down here. Whoever the team, Goon is, that's the guy to be the captain. He's the leader. I mean, Ty Dome is okay. He at least has got a few skills. You know, he can stick it in there and a puck too. And this guy's knocking Matt's on Dean. Don't be knocking a big sweet. Okay. When you release expected, he'll stick it in there. Just like he did in the second game in the Philadelphia series. And then he'll roll their after Stevie Thomas tied it up. We'll just seconds to go, which they forget so soon. 26 past noon at five, 60 WQ. By the way, do you know Jason was in Europe? What is Jewish? He's in Europe though. What's the difference? He's from the wrong side of the tracks. As in to loose law. Hey, Mother's Day is this Sunday. Make my call. So, Jews today, Jaze so had to stay. And Jerry's on a way on the bus with a day. So Jews today, so fond of another way. So get you through the day. Much you won't see no jays. Why don't they know how long it's gonna take. How they all go and take another break. They waste our time with hunting to defend. Just ride the dime and drink it to it. No news today. That's too bad for all J. He can't have that history. He's lost the interest. So this is a perfect time. The timing is great because the nephews out another one of those stupid van hits with a QAM van which I promised I wasn't gonna do any more, but I'll read it one time. Just this one time. And then don't ever bother me again. Okay, nephew, you jackass and by the way, he spelled real bad near to. What was he doing? Working out with the screw in and the sale department? Seriously, he spelled like a sewer. What he was in here. Put some clothes on. Okay, next time you come in here and nephew, I'm on impress. But anyway, it's a good timing because of our pull question today is, what do you think of people that are still sucking OJ's ass? Which we have several of those around here. I don't want to mention no names. Roar! I've got some people who just building who still suck up to him and think he's like a hero. And people like that, just on the face of it, even if I knew nothing else about those people, they make me one a barf. They make me want a puke. You know, just because this guy 30 years ago, we're a goddamn jockstrap or whatever the hell it was. Christ, almighty. How many more people does he have to butcher before you finally start saying, well, I don't know, you know, before you finally sniffed the definetals and say, yeah. Anyway, the QM van, he's there. The nephew is there. Okay, take your nose clip along. He's in for a lot of day. I'll be between now and 130 at nickels. 18 hundred north federal highway between Oakland and sunrise. And they got, wait, wait, can you hear the stuff they're giving away? You're going to puke. Take it to the second annual New Times International Beer Festival tonight in Fort Latterdale. And the seventh annual Keaton Zydeco Crawfish Festival today through Sunday at Fort Latterdale Stadium. See this is ridiculous. You know, the, the, Zydeco Crawfish Festival, the Keaton Zydeco Crawfish Festival. Today through Sunday at Fort Latterdale Stadium, that has to be a joke. That has got to be a put on just like when Tracy was in here this morning, feeding us the crap about that gaulterment. It had to be a put on. I know it's the seventh of May, but it's just like April one again. Okay, it's like that crap with that bogus trade they pulled on the Joe and a big old boy show. That's it. And just to make sure that I can't read it again. Okay, little teeny tiny pieces. Okay, so whatever I just said, that's where he is from the next hour, good luck to him. Somewhere in Fort Latterdale. Just look for him. Just open up the window to the car. You'll smell him. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I don't know if you know about it, but I just like to mention to you that you can't pray hunger away, you know. So all those Bible farmers who think they actually want to do something. I appreciate that they kid out their knees and put some food out this weekend for the food drive. Do you know about it? No, I don't. There's a thing in a food drive this weekend where the postal workers in Broward are going to pick up food for people who leave it outside by their mailbox or whatever so that hungry people can have food. And I know a lot of adults are morons because there's plenty of food, but a lot of kids get fed by that food. So tell those Bible farmers to get off their knees and put some food out with you. Okay, thank you. I'm glad he brought that up because almost we're got this, it's difficult. They are prayer yesterday, totally inappropriate, totally out of place, Jim Nagel and Mayor for lottery or a total jackass. National Day of Prayer observance in Fort Laudery, OCD Commission chambers yesterday. Almost came off of that, a hitch, but. But. And most of them, the capacity crowd offered prayers for local and national leaders. Most of them more buttons declaring yes, I believe in God, said to be the last words spoken by 17 year old Cassie Bruno, right before she was by a gunman, a combat high school in Colorado. They listen politely as Mayor Jim Nagel read a proclamation while he was taking month old daughter racial play, it playfully removed his glasses. But then someone prayed aloud against the sin of abortion and another person that prayer with the words in Jesus name. See, this is every time to get a bunch of these goodly two shoes of religions together, the Graham, the good Christians, the intolerant assholes, this is what they try to do. Just like when we used to have a assembly in high school, back in Canada, they win the York. We didn't have no prayer in school and of course, they had no place there and everybody was doing just fine. But every time there was an assembly, we had to have the Lord's prayer in Jesus name, etc. And even though they were only a handful of us Jews, and there were some kids probably who were like new better than all of this crap, totally inappropriate. But don't confuse that with these intolerant assholes who tell us, well, this is a Christian nation, etc. And so on. And it goes out about the fact that these two Jewish guys from the ACSU and where they were pissed off and they got up and they were walking around. But what were they doing there in the first place, by the way? What do they expect? We said the bunch of intolerant golem. Just like there's two letters to the editor, which I won't even waste my time about those bumper stickers. What do they say? Support life, choose life, the license plates, and that's what I'm saying. I keep saying that. It's like Florida license plates. Sanction by your or a state of, well, by you, what used to be the state of Florida by now the Nazi state of Florida? Choose life. To let us the editor there. Oh, what's the big deal with that? What's wrong with that? The above about, yeah, right. What's wrong with it is it's a goddamn political opinion, which don't have any business any place on a license plate made by the state. That's what's wrong with it. You idiots. And there are a lot of letters as the majority of people believe. Hey, to break the news here. Wrong overwhelming majority of people are pro-choice in a mirror. Okay, but don't confuse these people with the fact. Just like the overwhelming majority of people who's covered in warm gun control want to hell with a lot less gunslay and around all over the place. But don't confuse the wing nuts with the truth. Okay, because they can't handle the truth. Use some of this bench. Here's point and be, cello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'll pop NBA fan. Oh, yeah. Figure's yeah. You're probably looking at the AMAZ. See, see what I'm saying? Yes, I'm here, sir. You're probably a loan. What does he have against the NBA? What's that? That's better than hockey? No, it's not. The NBA is boring. It's a bunch of a little bit seven foot tall goons. Slam a jaminate. Well, you say only black people watching the NBA. I said it's four black people. It's a black people sport. Well, why would white people want to watch an almost all black? What would be the point? Why do you say all those things? Because it's true. Why do I say all those things? So that's my opinion. Oh, and you go to the game. You see all the white people in the game. And that's what are they doing there? What are they there for? I don't know. Why do you when you find out you let me know? See he just can't handle it. It's they would lower the ticket prices. So the brothers could all afford to go there. They'd have a good time. But instead they got all those yuppies there. And by the way, I saw it with some of the recent heat gains. Some of the lowlights on TV. They're in a pan to grab his just as Indian empty seats in there. And that Miami arena. Plenty of empty seats. So who the hell are they kidding? If they just get the prices down there. So where are they a dark folks? Good afford to go in there. Then they'd be, you know, that's why it should be. Just like at the hockey games. We have like maybe five or six marches we've been in the hockey games. And other netted sports for white people. We understand that. And every team now has got a token sports around the team down there on the ice. And that makes people happy, you know. And some of the guys could actually play like famous analysts there on the Boston Bruins from Michigan State, by the way. Just mentioned in passing. 22 before one at five, 60 WQM. More facts. Radio WQA. Oh, sh**. There's been a major setback today for the NBA Lockout. Play a representative. Schuferl Abdul Kingfiz. Well, I pull my ear through and he pull out my ear. But he's from the little blue room. He's my voice. He has full of key fold-up here this year. He's ÐµÑ‰Ñ‘å¾ˆå¤š of safe stands. He give up the bomb and his own bowl here. And his last name is Lesvel. He left him last time to pull his eyes high so he thinks he's Fear that. He's really the best player in the level ofç”·cone anymore. He would've been the biggest American player with blah blah blah because actual 4th 3 years. you're a beautiful contract. You're a little bit more beautiful. You're a little bit more beautiful. Thank you. Oh, why do I hit the great facts of another sports hole from another real Jackass idiot who doesn't have the ball to sign his name although the fact thing on top says sent by get real whatever that means and get real I think is perfect for this asshole. It says hey Neil stop ranking on the sports fans if the war for us this station wouldn't be around don't forget that even though this is your so-called talk show this is a sports station no, no, it's not. By the way George sounds very feminine on the air it says I will always be monitoring when you are right about the last part George sounds fruity on the air. Seriously, off the air doesn't sound fruity at all but on the air for in fact on the air when you just speak like back and forth you don't sound but when you like on the spot or you're doing the show you sound fruity. Let's go to have a snap of this. Oh, it must be it. I hate to break this issue sir, but if they were playing Hungarian musirkers in the morning drive and after noon drive in the rest of the day and I was here ten two we still be kicking ass. This has been proven last vibrating books in a row sir. I'd break the news to you. We're kicking ass and this is the year round your show. That's some stupid sports bag show but a bunch of jackasses running around pretending they care about a bunch of seven foot freaks slam a janitor. Okay, you can't handle the truth can you sir can you handle it? No, probably handling it right now. Can I always be monitoring you wouldn't miss a goddamn minute of the show sir if they took this show away you have no life. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, yes sir. Good afternoon. A couple things I totally agree with you about the sports thing by the way Joe Rose sucks. Okay, he talks like a baby. He talks like a baby. Yeah, he is a list but he talks like he's talking to, I don't know like I can you get your garden class. Yeah, I like the way we. Yeah. Yeah, what is the deal with all these lios that try to round with the rap music glass and they hate black people. It will play that round. What about white kids? What about red next? They're listening to rap music. Oh, please are they white kids? They're not getting out enough. You better get around checking out the deal. Yes. The other thing. What is the deal with the experiment out of the train? Okay, 5.670, 5.6. We don't want to talk that. I'm great now sir. 5.6 the unemobile one line. I don't know. I can't be spling in it. It's just it's part of the whole deal man converting all your I think it's a conspiracy. Between reproducing like rabbits and turning all those poor white kids out of that rap music. Look at all the evil stuff that's going on now because of rap music. Do you believe that? No. I don't need to but it's your sounds good. It's yours. It's good. Another good. Let's find another scapegoat for the kids. It's good to do these bad things. It must be the music. No video game. No TV. No movie. No. Come on. Must be something I'll simplify. So what do you perspiring in there is a woman here again? Feels a touch warm a tad warm in here. Could be turning out or is it down all the way? It's down all the way. That's somebody did it. And this is only the seventh of May by the way. You do understand that it's not 100 degrees in the shade. It's going to be all a June and July and August and September and the weekend. So we have yet to experience our first summer time up here on the third floor. We've already had the great experience of jamming Johnny down there at the power 96. Last of it. Although we do thank again for a few of us. I can't carry. Forgive me. This disc by Alamos by Inrique Glacius in English. And the hardest thing by 90 it's Greece which I already went out and bought the CD which I regret more than I can tell you. So anyway our full question. Nick Nolty. Anybody ever meet a guy named Nick who was ugly? Oh yeah. I remember you used to have a guy who used to go to the track when the up in West Palm Beach Nick he was ugly. There's a pain in the ass too. Nick at the school teacher. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Listen. I couldn't agree with you more. I'd rather listen to like Clezmer musical, the growing in chat and listen to the worst team with defect and moldy and blockhead. And I just think that when you're going to have to control the radio station. You can't miss my rear end. It's just a little bit of a sin. I mean, it's just a fun control of the radio station. I'm here from tended to. I'm doing the radio ride. You're not here to change the station. I'm here to end by the way you'll notice that since I started ripping the hell out of these guys, the last book they all went through the roof. It's up to the little one by my guy then bootstrap. Yeah. The fact that they put that babbling broken here. You're going to make it into me yesterday. So thank God people in your such a puss. He said that's the reason we got those numbers up. Plus by the way, our full question today is will Hank Lee there with two o'clock when the theme book finishes plan. Anyway, go ahead. No, they give a beacon suspension for that crappy pull on Thursday. He better. They better give my say at least three games. I love you. I have a great day. I'm believe we'll pad for a big. And there's a guy at least who knows who the hell that is. Yeah, that's going to be our pull thing. The effect we can have the same on every day. Well, Hank actually be there with two o'clock when the theme is against. The thing I found fascinating yesterday, I mean, you know, a lot of times it's not his fault. They have a problem with the line. They're out there at shoelas. They're out of town to win a show. But when you're right inside the building, he was in here. We were talking yesterday at a quarter to two during a break. The Humper and the theme is against yesterday. And here's Cori on there again. I think Hank took what I said seriously. And of course, it was the truth. And that is during those segments when he's not on there when it got Cori and Jason and Clarence numbers are through the roof. So when his Hank comes on, yeah, the start was dropping like a rock. Just come down there. It'll be all right. But seriously, what is that all about? He was walking around in the halls with a bunch of interns yesterday. This man has got more excuses not to be there with a guy named show starts. I'm going to start doing that. I'll come in like I always do about quarter to nine and then a ten o'clock as soon as the ID said they open place. I'll just I'll be in a hall wandering around somewhere. I'll be standing out laughing at the at the pussy galore's desk over there. Do you got the new desk yet? No, no. The seventh of May. We've been how long will we get up here now about three months? It's got to be. Yeah, March April May. Something like that. We've got up here for three months. Is this a Putscut a desk? No. You guys, you got like a height here. Like a little time. This is our program director. A man with no self respect. Talk about lower than he doesn't have low self esteem. He has no self esteem. Here's Liberty City. Hello. Liberty City. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, man. What was I would have come as you made about the basketball? What did you what was up with it? About what didn't you understand? Obviously you white people like to see us black say basketball. That's why you go to see us. I don't go to see you. I don't want the NBA for two seconds. I think you're very ignorant. I think you're a jackass. Yeah, well, thank you. Can't handle the truth. It's interesting we've had and it makes my point. We had two calls about that and they were both from black guys. I don't have any problem. You have your own sports. All I do like watermelon. Not that crazy about fried chicken or chitlins or a colored greens. But I mean, everybody can have their own thing. What's wrong with that? What do you got to get the hostile about it? It happens to be the truth. I'm not going to speak for those yuppies who go there because it's some place to go. They're not basketball fans. Just like the people of Goetheville, and the yentacetter. Any more than their hockey fans. They wouldn't know a hockey puck from a guy then. Bigel. But all of a sudden we got guys getting bent out of shape. All day long, here I play that rapsing. I played my name is there at the beginning. Did we get any calls about that? Oh, about rap music. Oh, about any of the other stuff we were talking about from dark, got complicated folks. Oh, but all I got to do is mention that the NBA is for black people. Let's go get spent out of shape. I'm not stupid. I'm articulate and intelligent and an observer of the passing scene. 560, 560, pound 560, animal mobile one line. Here's a mobile and nice palm. Hello. Hi, I'm here. Yes, sir. I don't know if anybody brought this up Tuesday. There was a nursing video. There's something on TV to do after they see the guys in the zookeepers were cleaning up the elephant. No. No. Okay. There was two of them in there. They were cleaning up the elephant. And the one was in back of the elephant and the one in front of the elephant. And the guy said, what run the elephant? What the heck? That's a good one. Yeah. I just thought you might have caught that. Okay. Thank you. What do you say, sir? I have no idea what you're talking about, but I kill about 30 seconds. 560, pound 560, animal mobile one line. Hank over show it to in the studio again for the second day in a role. Let me take a look. Friday may 8. How about Friday may 7? That's today. Yeah. Hank over in the building again today. Hank will be here live and maybe actually on it to a clock or not. You'll have to stick around and find out if actually come on with the demons. Kim Boe camp over with 6. 9.35 to the lower hours of the morning. The mall and then the dog is going to stay up for that. No. Damn straight we're not. We'll be watching the maple leaves and a Pittsburgh penguins there on a CBC where we're also going to be tonight. Anybody that's got a brain. Anybody that's a real man. Here's a mobile in Belgrade. Hello. Hey, and how are you doing? Pretty good. A few things. I want to thank you for two things. His mind spring. You're only half a ghost. Find up when you told me to. Great. And hockey. Enjoy watching every hockey game. My favorite is. It's just great. You know, fast action and everything. And have you kept some of these commercials on TV where these actors and everything are talking about a book about God and everything. Yeah. Yeah. I love the one. You know, Mr. America and the deaf girl. I want to thank the Lord for this and that. It's the Lord was so great. I'm sure you've got to do that. Right. You know, just like the people in Oklahoma, thank in the Lord for grabbing their hand and shaking them. If the Lord is paying any attention, I'll come and be blew everybody away and knock their house down. Yeah. Thank the Lord. Don't know how our life and our photo well. He's in the Indian and that pathetic. They're standing there in the middle of this rubble of all these splinters that used to be 3000 houses and they're standing there thanking God. I mean, you're talking about people that are so brainwashed that they don't they can't even begin to have an originator thought of their own in their brain. What used to be left of their brain? Yeah. Can I make a request? Yes, sir. The Virgin Mary put. Okay. God bless you. Yeah. Let's pray to the Virgin Mary. Maybe she's paying attention this week as opposed to hanging out at that bank building or hanging out up there at some little horse buggy town in Georgia. What is it? Athens, Georgia? That's a place. Some little, uh, nickel and dime. I think right up there, uh, right up the creek from Aintree. In fact, that kid that's sitting up there with a banjo in the tree, you know, in, Aintree and deliverance. I wonder if he's not going to Virgin Mary for making him what he is today. Here's a lady in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. I thought I talked about that, um, the whole Britney Spears. Yeah. I'm the effect of Britney Spears. Okay. The something really hot. Thank you. Some guys can stay there. She is so, stanky. She's stanky. She's stanky. She's nasty. Come on. We feel like 17 years old and she's getting breakfast in France. Well, alleged. I don't know. I'm not rolling stone and as a guy that's got good eye sight, even though I wouldn't touch her with my hand. She looks pretty good to me. She's sick. She's sick. She's like seven years old and she's supposed to be some like role model or some craft. Who said she's supposed to be a role model? She's a rock star. She's not a role model. She's a business lady. She's a top school pop star girl. Right. Yeah. You know, you only read them. She went on 12th instinct if they should get all popular. You only read them. She's like. She said she's gonna be like that. I find her very inspiring. Yeah, exactly. In fact, when you're in there on the crack where you probably will be reading that rolling still magazine. And then you can both be useful of what she just said. Oh, God. See, I was just calling you how to do is just pack and attack and attack. Give credit worth credit is due. You just jealous sweetheart. That's what it is. You go. Just only. Probably that you haven't been back that real or imaginary or make believe or implants or whatever. She's like, yeah. Oh, I'm so glad I brought up that Britney Spears thing. Leave it to leave it to an old queen like me to come up with a real hot young chick. You guys, I'm telling you, if you haven't seen that video, you want to do it. You'll be thanking me. You'll be sending me mailgrams thanking me for turning out of that hot young thing. Whatever she is. And to say that she's skinky. I mean, how could you look at that and say that she's skinky? I heard jealousy just oozing just seeping. I got to wipe the phone off right now. Just to wipe the jealousy off from it. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, now how are they going? Great. Hey, I got that rolling stone. Yes, see is hot. I mean, I wouldn't go by her house. She is smoldering. No, you don't have to buy the. I mean, you got that rolling stone. You got breast and plant and now she's about person. I mean, you know, and the disgust that to be popular. I mean, she's a. The pop singer. What do they expect her to be? Yeah, and then she's called a gold model. What's the what's the thing? What is she a gold model for for the breast plant. The futures of America. What does that mean? Yeah, I mean, you know, and and and that just goes, you know, with the whole thing. I mean, and and that goes back to, you know, look at the music that they're listening to. You know, they should be a role model. Well, model girls a million air she's 17. She gets big breast. Well, let me ask you this. And then you're a singer that was ever a role model since when our singers supposed to be role models. They're not. You said I'd like to pack and it's far and as far as the action after. Yeah, and as far as the young, you were talking later about adults that don't, you know, don't find music or whatever. And I do think that's true, but that is in part of the thing. A lot of the radio stations are playing something to this more geared towards teens. Right. I think that adults just don't keep up on music. I mean, I'm 27. I buy CDs, you know, every month. What do you buy? Well, I can't get in the commercial stuff. And I re-rolling snow no more into the, I'll turn it up. I'm going to read it in the more the underground music, you know, not, you know, as far as so because every year. I'm on. I'd like to start doing all those drugs. That's what happened, you know. Yeah, well, you know, but. But, um, and in a factor, there are so many things. Everything is me as a kiddo. It's in a rat music. That's why they saw these. You know, and that's the same. I mean, you can listen to, that's been going on since, you know, and I mean, you know, AC, DC or back in the 70s and the rolling stones are seeing it about hair. I wanted to, I mean, everybody was shooting up. Yeah. It's the same thing. And, and yeah, but the scroll that just called you, that was just pure jealousy. Yeah, she only, she looks in the mirror and she just cries. She just cries. And we ought to get her a copy of rolling stone. She'll be in tears. Yeah, I mean, I saw her on the cover and I was just blown away. So I'm like, smoldering. I'm almost ready to convert almost. I have a great day, pal. All right. Okay, put the magazine away. 1257 and 560 W to see that picture. The one you just held up. She really is. She is just, I mean, perfect. There is, I don't care if there will be a lot of cheese. Perfect. And the people look perfect. She is perfect. Shei, please. Yeah, there you go. Provision is a place to go for all your eye care needs. I don't want you to keep it here. I can't. Who's the party day? Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Oh, I. I. Your like cut little sinkers. That little sound becomes right out of your sinker. I'm hoping. Want a copy of me and do exactly like I do. Get paper right in little songs about people. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on, but I can't figure out which steps through I'm gonna fart on. He's Dr. Dreass. You old man, you passed him. Hey, I'm not. What do I smell as? And you look wet. Well, since age 12, it seemed like a always smell that rip and gas isn't too much pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard and turned my gun to my backwards. Like Chris Crock. And every night I'm like, oh, get her mad. Then, put it in my ass, pass it off. Fat, date two, ain't you fat? Smell this honey. He tells me to miss her girl. I don't give up. God said me to think the world up. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. Like it's C2, wanna meet Kicked out back in Juggie High. The second problem was something. Prove not my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later when I covered his desk with use toilet paper. Walking his dress club, my intestines will fill the. Moose the ball, tanning took a dump in a kid girl. Went over to a dead to head a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. He got a nine cent of my life I was lied to. I just found out my mom got all gas in her. I told her I'd go up to be a famous rapper. They were threatened about her and he noticed. They'd all be crap. You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave. Try to hold her back but she must need to relieve her. This guy watched ass and said it was pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and the pool. My aint this one. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. My aint this. I say Jesse, the party for president, I say you hear this. Governor Jesse Ventura, who watched these office to proclaim William Stone's op-a-d. Refused aside a proclamation making yesterday a day of prayer. Aoe Ventura broke with the practice of his predecessors who typically proclaimed a prayer to conjecture with the national day of prayer. I believe in the separation of church and state Ventura said the Minnesota family council criticizes the decision of course the family association of right wing lunatic Christians. Nice going Jesse the body baby. Aoe 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's the Jason's mom and Boko who's all been out of shape. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi, this is Rita Blasford Jason's mom. How you doing? I'm okay. I'm not bent out of shape. I just want to let you know Jason is not an Arab. And either am I. Yeah. I was going to need you. That doesn't make me an Arab. But he is circumcised. Uh, he is. That's what we have. It's an American born to farted too. Yeah. That's it. Boy. He said he's got a little German in them though. Uh, yeah. My husband was born in Germany in a D.P. camp. Wow. So he's got a little bit of both. You had all the best. You had all the bases covered. That's it. Okay. I'll see you at the pyramids. Thank you. Bye. Okay. We got 600 open lines. Now we actually had a few hours of activity here today. But don't, you know, don't overdo it. This will be good. Then we can play all the music this hour. 560, 50560. Plus we got lunch coming at 130, right? Uh, you're right. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, I don't understand why that should be even the least bit provocative in my comments about the NBA. I've been saying that for years. Why should anybody take on bridge with that? Why, who don't even understand what that word means? Why should anybody be pissed off about that? If you like it, great. Have a good time. Watch it. Eat it. You know, love it. But just because a lot of the rest of us don't care about it. It's like the guys with their golf. You can call here every day and tell me what a great sport it is and how we ought to be talking about it. And I'm going to still say, crap. That's my opinion. Christ Almighty, talk about what a boring world it would be if we're all like the same stuff. I don't care if we have any dark and plated folks that come to hockey games if you want to come. If you have a good time, fine. But if there were all white people in there, that's okay too. Okay, we're not going to start selling water balance the concession stance. Just because we got seven or eight black hockey fans. Just like the white people that go there to the Amami arena to watch the guy damn heat. They go out there and expect to get like chitlins in the, you know, collar greens and they're going to get into the concessions. Whatever that means. Here's a hell and they'll hello. Neil. Yes sir. Neil, I heard about something and I can't track it down. It's called the racing network. It comes in by did right. So on seven days, a week, 24 hours a day all over the world. Have you heard of it? Yes, I have heard about it. I don't think it's on 24 hours a day though. I think it's on, oh wait a minute. Let me take a look right now, see if it's on 315. One second please on a small dish. I think it's on. Yeah, it's on right now. Yeah, it's supposed to go real straight on your Canada all over the world. But this particular only one that I know of it's on 315 on Direct TV. I can see that on all afternoon, but this is in 24 hours a day. The one you're talking about, I have read about it, but I don't know where you are getting information on it. Well, it was advertised in your station. Yeah, called the racing network. Right. You have no phone number on the do you? It's not because they don't give us any numbers. They have people calling us morning noon and night for phone numbers of stuff like that. And we have no list. I got you. We've always went to Greg Reading and said, please, people, you know, we want to help the sponsors out. He said, I don't care. It's ridiculous. He said, out of the way, I've been to the world for about myself. I understood changes into you. There you go. There you go. Have a great day. You do that. You're brain shot. Okay, there's a guy who wants to punch around a clock and Why the Hellmout. It's his money. He wants to lose it more power to him. Help the world economy. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Wireless line. Push. All right. Come out. 1, 2, 3, 4, 3, 4, 3. Now the problems depends on you and the powers you possess. Think you saved me, life. If you find me, you deserve that. He's got a job for you. Oh. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you want to do. We can make the annual check. And the group's like this. We're pretty good. We're pretty good. We're pretty good. We're with the beat of God himself. And the bad guy's straight to hell. Winner building for you. We're going to win. We're going to win. We're going to win. Let's go for the Virgin Mary and Ricky Martin. They just got the answer to that. That was good timing. They were just playing a lot of Copa de la Bita, a couple of lines. That was that one they must have the English on their tune. They were like, you know, four or five words that English in the middle of pass the file of us. Anglo five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. Wyrl. It's like the thing with the NBA, which is for basically a Faggotts. It's a Faggot League. But you know, it's fine. It's for dark people who happen to like guys. You know, but it's like the thing with Ricky Martin. I mean, we can't all need horse me. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon. I have quite a happy back, although George did a fantastic job. I must say I'm looking forward to going to Amsterdam myself. I'm going there. I'm going there at the end of July. Right. Looking very forward to it. Never been there before. I'm going to be your first trip. First trip. Yeah. That's what I hear. I'm basically pretty much going just to see the sights and maybe check out some of the women. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I'm also thinking about taking your time. Taking your advice and taking a train up to Cologne. Well, it's a beautiful city. Well, that's a great place. That's for what I've heard from you as well as other people. I've heard that two and a half hours by train. There's a few stops in between, but it's a piece of cake. Well, I was also thinking about going maybe going to Denmark. I hear that's very nice as well. I don't know if it's true. I'm going to be beautiful. But I called to talk about the best sport in the world, which is hockey. Right. Being that I'm such a big maple fan as yourself. And I really don't. All I can say is that I think that they will be able to win the series. Is provided that they are able to score three goals per game. Yeah. Joseph's playing it is best right now. He hasn't played this good all year long. He played so brilliant against Philadelphia. All that Billy. I can invite the way. I forgot to mention you today. Nice going NHL. Fine. And it's night or 50 grand in Roger Neals and 25 grand. Throw them up there big mouth of the cry babies. They're in Philadelphia and belly a can. They have power plays in a row and they're belly a can about the fish you think. Well, I'd like to say that I watch that game. And I mean, when you give a guy a blade and he'll blow like that. Right. Who's your playing that's right. And by the way of the five penalties in a row they called on a leafs, at least for the McClude and the one on Steve Thomas, they were marginal at best. And the leafs weren't crying and they weren't complaining. So grow up at Snyder. You see they're under all this pressure, because they spend all this money and they're still came when a guy damn thing. Exactly. And I'd say what, when you do something like that right in front of a ref. Right. Now, I mean, I don't care if it's in over time or whenever whatever situation you're going to get it. Exactly. You know, you're going to get the penalty card on you and you know, Toronto was good enough to And I hate to break the news to the client, but unless you score any goals, you don't win any games. That's true, too. When you have five power plays, maybe they ought to really work on their power plan the offseason. Maybe they're going to work on a new coach. Yeah. Well, that's going to happen. Okay, pal. Take care of yourself. Go. All right. All right. We're getting ready to fix this. Which is going to be a hit. Three on one break. Hello. We all made both the best. But we're going to be one kick. Yeah. Oh, the show is over. We're going to be on the goal. We're going to be on the goal. He's stuck in the game. We're still on the one. All right. Yanic, baby. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. By the way, we're going to give some no-do's to Bob Cool for the broadcast tonight. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hey, me and my son. Okay, we're both on the night. We're really big Britney Spears. Oh, thank God. We finally got something to speak up for. Yeah, we love her. She's always her breast and all right, because if you have the money and your flat go out and get your daughter plant. These other Thank you. Oh, go on. Yeah, well, so just jealous that's all this. They're jealous. They're jealous. Yeah, they're jealous. They're pretty. She's very pretty. Okay. Okay, so she's going out with Justin. Good for her. Right. But I think that's just tell us. And they're not there. We've been jealous of the best. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, back to which room. Huh? Back to which room. Okay. We love them off. We know them. God bless you, sweetheart. No, good to see you. Yes. Okay, so she's going out with Justin. You know, good for her. She's out there. She's working hard. She's making her videos. She's making her. She's making all the big bucks. She's getting laid 20 times today. Well, more of these. They're just like, I know. I don't know. I just hear them right from music. It doesn't matter. Right. She's making the money. Exactly. So we just really big Britney Spears. Okay. Put the magazine away and have a great day. What is this? When I say I want it that way. You can see that'll be number one half by the end of next week. You mark my words. Mark it on a calendar. Okay. Just write it down. Right now. All you people who want to rip Britney is, but just like these two young ladies just said, they're right on target. Whether her breasts are real. Whether they're make believe. Whether she can sing. Whether she's screwing a guy from in six no matter what that is going on. She is a okay in our book here on a show is what I say. A little bit behind the back of your voice, but nevertheless. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, it's me. It sounds like you. I'm trying to get to you earlier in the week when you were talking about the trains in Europe and the toilet. Right. I was over in Switzerland and I went in my first time I ever done that and I go in there sure enough. You know, I do my thing and I'm trying to get to the thing. It's a bottom drop out and there's a track to run and buy. Right. I couldn't believe it. I probably went out and I told my wife and I get my video camera. I went in there. I videocaped the thing. I had to know what you believe in. You really leave your mark on Europe when you go on a train. I didn't go on a train. And I want to say, once I had to kind of make sense. But then of course over here that's politically incorrect and it's all nasty knockout stuff. They just have a little note there. This is pleased that I use toilets during when they're having the stops. Yeah. They're not here out on the highway there and there's no big deal. Although I think it would be okay to use it at the stop at Amsterdam because there's so much dogs over the city. You know, a little more wouldn't have they would never know. I think we know the difference. It was an after-damaged kid. I need to go back again. Yes you do. Another thing. One day's USA today. I don't know if you saw it or not. Front page news about the tornadoes and everything. There's a quote from a man named Bob Bohawk and he says, this was no tornado. This was God taking a wrecking ball to our town. Okay. So how does the how the religious people justify God coming in and you know killing everybody and destroying their homes? He's pissed off again. Don't you understand. He's just talking to rage. We could good and great God. Why would you do such? I don't get that. Well, because it's rath key to whaxing hot. You just can't help himself. Some of the best shows that you do are the ones with people call him and you get one on one with him. Yeah. I did. And I try to pedal us to God. Well, you really know that they don't believe it. Oh, I wish somebody would call you right now. I just can't wait. I just love that. I mean, I'm I'm ready to believe. I'll tell you what. I'll believe there's a God as soon as I believe that white people really enjoy the NBA. Well, how come it's packed with white people for the same reason. The hockey game is packed with white people because it's a place to go. There's nothing else going on here. What else are they going to do? So that's just part of their entertainment for the night. Exactly. They don't really care. And if you paint even just minimal attention notice 80% of them spend most of the game on their cell phones and look at them. And I don't see if anybody's looking at them. It's trying to impress each other. Oh, not only that. They're talking to the guy across the other side of the space. Exactly. Have a great day here. Wave in their hand. Hey, see me. Yeah. Okay. I'll see you on the train. Okay. Five six seven. Five six six. Five six. On the AT&T wireless line. I mean, just give it up already. You can keep putting on the acting of course the sports nerds. They'll hop right in there with you. Oh, and so it is. And this one, you know, just the waste in time. You know, just you did didlamate. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Good first time call or a long time list. I was going to cut one thing that I wanted to talk to you about. First thing is, which I think that can put you dirty. I didn't see it. Oh, you didn't. I was out of the country with some vacation. So I never saw a replay of it. I gamble quite often. I quite frequently with a very famous exp baseball player who I won't mention his name but was banned from baseball. Oh, and I think he's very serious. Wow. He's a spicy. He's still ponding the hundred dollar bills up on the table as a track. Yes, he is. Oh, please. On Friday. He can help. He can help me. Some ass systems. He told me that that was going to win the Kentucky Derby. Probably the worst candy caper in the world. I would have had that with that rate. I never saw this guy catch a ticket in my life. I could tell you stories about your buddy that would make you cry. Oh, huh. Well, but have a great day. Yeah, anybody else up in the only thing I can say is about a guy that comes to the racetrack and piles up a bunch of hundred dollar bills on the table in the dining room. All I can say is he's an asshole. Thank you Chuck. There's a good friend Chuck from the sub center with my lunch today back to the meat balls and cheese. And you know something? So what if there was a little bit of carbs in there? I don't care. Do I care? No. I'm feeling great. I turned the entire world on the Brittany Spears now. Including all you old leches out there. Keep these leches out of the goddamn shopping malls and out of those tea rooms and get them on their air to MTV so they can see what life is really all about whether they're real or not. Thanks, Chuck. You've been got a whole new avenue here for George with his Brittany Spears thing. He's got that rolling stone. He's got a squeeze so hard that's bleeding and the magazine too. I don't care if she sings like in Rica. Well, I don't think you'd be able to tell the difference. Don't be knocking my good buddy in Rica now, okay? Who's got that? It's not a single. Well, well, now did you say there's a new album coming out? Really? Just on the soundtrack of the Wild Wild West. Biolamos? See? Yes, I do see. All of this is that. Now let me ask you something. They made me this CD over there at Power 96. Thanks again, Kid. Career. You're okay in my book and you're right there on out of the square. What a cow she would. But seriously. I didn't know that you could do that. Oh yeah. We have the ability to make CDs here in this place and in the place we just loved as well. What do you mean by that? They had a CD burner. They had a CD burner over there at taxes. They did? Oh, I love that. Can you get a CD burner for a home? Oh yeah. You can. CD and DVD if you want. Big buck, uh, Spender like you. You can burn it. Yeah, man. Wow. I think I'm going to home and burn one right now. Or maybe just maybe before I go home, maybe right after lunch. 26 past one at five, 60. That's what parents Thomas said. Let's go burn one y'all. And that would be said. Something like that. He'd be token it. And then that bitch in the paper this morning with a comment. Oh, yeah, don't hide your faith and parents Thomas is this. I'm so embarrassed for these assholes that write in the papers in this town. Yeah, don't hide your faith. Word on your shirt sleeve. Put that damn fish on a backier car. Sure, everybody. All the God bull crap. I'll use busy blowing up your town because he's pissed off. And you want some good action then head for Hollywood 7. Gaming on March 29th, a 34 year old guy from dating one over 327 grand there. And a lady from New York walked away in February with 389 grand. You might cry today, you best. Just you in Brad boys never paid in no harm. You may call you never saw being a dairy to others. Paul and they're bargain their ball. Russian they're going to see. Cause they ain't got no sea. Most days are mountain Mayor Mama because they can't catch a sea. They're getting a way. They don't get a way they know how. That's just a little more fun than going to heaven sometimes. Just to be pray at boys wouldn't change if they could. I'm feeling with Darwin because they're can't focus on wood. All right, 132 at 5.60 WQM or suck in the juiced there. Whatever that thing was. What is it? Suck the rage. Suck the rage. That's the model of the NBA's suck it. Anyway, Jim Faxon says he had a similar tour of the experience in Germany as well. We took a short cruise on the rhyme when he went to use the toilet. He could look straight down into the river. I told my buddy about it. We overheard a German on the boat saying the river was cloudy because of silt. Which you may have missed for now. It's something that sounds like silt. At least three of the letters are right anyway. 5.670560 pound five 60 on the 18th. And I'm going to do a Monday. I'm going to bring my video in from MTV that I taped the last night on the night before. There's about two hours on there. And I we can play the Britney Spears thing right there because I'm sure it's probably not in the stores yet. And even if it is, who that wants to pay to buy it. When I already got it on tape. Here's a mobile in Tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm pretty good here. First I'd like to thank God for giving me that flat tire earlier today. I really appreciate that. Right. And some Britney Spears info. So I'm going to show the other day. Yeah. And 20 mentioned a net tuna cello because for any spears was a new mouse guitar. That means you know when they had it. And I guess her instinct connection was two of the guys. And I think I think it's the guy he's did she do. And now we're also a mouse guitar. Yeah, they both look real Mickey Mouse to me that in sync or they suck. Anyway, that's the book. Thank you, sir. Yeah. 560, 0560 pound five 60 on the 18th. Where I was lying. I tell you one thing we had more young ladies called it. And we ever have in the seven years of two. They like what four or five. That's a lot for us. That's like a 10 year quota. Because you got to talk about the stuff that they're interested in. Okay. They're interested in in sync and a back door voice and Britney Spears and all of these things. Okay. And even that marginal Jordan and Joey. They used to be in the guy they knew kids on a block. Who should only go away. Who couldn't sing their way out of a paper sack. And even this Ricky Martin, which this is why he's singing in both languages. Now all of a sudden he made the big crossover. He's big in Spanish. He's big in English. He's big in Puerto Rico. Yeah. You know, who knows what language they're speaking. Is there a difference between, I was thinking at this morning. Is there a difference between the Spanish that they're not, don't make some kind of a shot at the Puerto Regans. Because I know you. But is there a difference between their Spanish and like the West Spanish that they, So that's not it. What that? Cuban speak. Yes. Yeah. This is the difference. Meaning what? Mostly in the slang. Yeah. Such is what. I think, disgusting and foul like Cunyo and me, Arida and Madicone and all of them have different versions of Spanish. Like they drop the list and the Puerto Rico list is screwed up. You know, that is going to really, really screw up. They ask. Now you're back to the Mexican again. That was two days ago. You're getting like the audience. Let's stick with the Puerto Ricans. Okay. Ricky Martin, they don't come any more Puerto Ricans than him. And they don't come luckier than me either. Okay. I wish him nothing but the best. He never stole a free train. But those people are graduated from general hospital. Even look at that puke in the Laura that were on that show. Or in fact, I think they're back. Who knows? I watch guiding light myself. Thank you. But I mean, look at all the people at the banana that have moved on to bigger a Rick Springfield. And that's simple and Richard Simmons. And who else? John Stamos, blackie. Juan, I wonder you like, there's the one good guy. You know, all of the like, Rick Springfield. He had like two or three records. He was good. But John Stamos, he still looks the same. There's a good guy for you. A good macho guy instead of a screaming, simply Richard Simmons. And then of course, there's Ricky Martin who, you know, he's a Here's a traffic, a pig reporting Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm southbound on the 95 between right up through a Sterling. There's a bad wreck. Everybody's going back and up there. I don't let everybody know. Softbound 95. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Have a wonderful day. Good weekend. I'm YouTube. Happy mother's day. By the way, all of you mothers out there. I don't want to neglect that. I don't want to forget that. And no, my mother is not going to be on the ear. And Jason came in and said, you can be sure his mother won't be calling in again anytime soon. What's wrong with you, Jason? Something kind of a hard ass. Leave mom alone. Okay. She's not a real nice to me for a Sephardic Jewish mother. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's your field, B. Chilo. Hello, Neil. Yes. I have a hockey question for you. Yeah. When the team takes a penalty like too many men and they put a guy on the bench on the penalty box, a lot of times it's like a real good player. How do they decide who goes in there? Because it's always somebody that would never be playing killing penalties. Okay. So if it's pure like they put Pablo Bory on their computer, then I wouldn't put him in there. I don't think. But they, it's like Whitney has been in there in that kind of a situation. If they figure maybe they can spring somebody on a break away or something getting out of penalty box. It depends on the situation in the game. But it's always a guy that they would not be using killing penalties. All right. Also, I'd like to call Mark and Phoenix a big predictive dialer buying gooseback. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. And by the way, speaking, I'm already struck by the way since most of you have no so little about the game. Not only do you have a great offensive season and have it a fantastic offensive of a playoff. But he's also one of the best penalty killers in the National hockey league. I just mentioned that in passing since our organization here paid him 600 grand to go away. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Joe Costal and air says, thank God, the sandwich doesn't smell like feet today. Now I haven't smelled Sam. We've got certain kinds of cheese. They do smell like, maybe that's with tochies. Tochies. Smell like feet. I don't know what his problem is. I have no idea. He's just a screw. If he shave his nuts and he doesn't like feet. Now what about what's your name? Bridget. Huh? Brittany steers. What do I say? Bridget. I got a mouthful of food here. I don't know what I'm doing. Brittany steers. He will not put her feet into the mouth eating. You wouldn't suck her toast. How about her? 22 before 2 or 560 WQM if you don't. So how gay do you want to look today? Pretty gay. Like, flip it, raiding gay. Just trim it gay. No, like a really gay. You're a, you're a cow gay to you want to look today. Come to gay cuts and we'll give you the perfect hairdo to suit your alternative style. You want that Tarshi beans looks thing or the two layers thing around the back. No matter how gay you are, gay cuts can fit your style. And don't forget to ask about our new special pickups too from backshaving, so crowdshaving. Gay cuts will do it all. Yeah, the fast and just takes my area. If you could do something about that, we both do really have me just been over and say, lose for me. Gay cuts. How gay do you want to look today? Yeah. 142 at 560 WQM. We got the award winning Hank Goldberg show come up to the odds are 80 to 20 against. That he'll be there at 2 o'clock when the theme ends. I just, we just sit around here and mesmerize every day. It's become like a regular part of our routine. Wait for the see if he's actually going to be here. Yeah. Will it be Cory? Will it be Jason? Will it be who? Will it be the janitor? Will it be anybody? Whose voice comes on there like it to 201? Keep in guess and Hank. Then they got the Kimbabel Campers, sir. And then at 930 night 9, whatever time 935. Marlon's in the day time. It's on. No. Oh, here we go. You tell me to end up with me. I got you can't take your seat. I got you with me. It's up that I don't want to. Can't ever say anybody moves so fast in my life. I thought that how it's so few talking about. Yeah. Wait until they see the bat. I mean, not the most care of the leaves. So I'm looking at the video for everybody. If you're not an MP, you may leave nothing on the board. I'll go down and go. Yeah. She's seven. Pretty much so. Oh, no. Oh, no. If you watch there, now watch. Don't take your eyes off this. Look at the hand. Look at the hand. Is she that? Yeah. So, I'll hear you. Here's the guy. But anyway, there was a hand in the cross on the board. Whatever that noise on the watch of the car. You can see that? That was a story. That was a story. Oh, nice to see you. Don't let you pergone see that. That was a story. I'm sorry. I'm done. You can't walk me. No more girls. Other things about me, you just have to know. I'm done that out. I'm done that. I'm done that. I'm done that. I'm done that. Can't make it for the next day. Let it be. I'm done that. I'm done that. I'm done that. I'm done that. I'm done that. I'm done that. So anyway, that's another song sucks. Oh, yeah. But she's a hot. She must be another product of the big pop music factory. Brittany Spears line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, buddy? How are you doing? I can't believe you just picked up like that. TheÑˆÐµÐµ task is even bigger than yours. Dave. I had to work now. My daughter lives in theÐµÑ€Ð¾. You have her daughterilles. Yeah. He needs to stay home often. Wow, the station before course. What's even? How about I deck? Hey, look at Ruse. There's nothing like a little cowboy, Dick. I screwed it. I'll drop something. I've got a craving. Yeah, well, how about some cowboy deck? Oh, the cowgirls loved my cowboy deck. And I should know, because I'm cowboy deck. I like my cowboy deck with some nuts. No problem, partner. Introducing cowboy deck with nuts so big you can hardly wrap your lip crown. My onions love cowboy deck. Oh, I'm a filier posse with my cowboy deck. Oh cowboy deck. You're tried. How is it? I can't talk. My mouth is full of cowboy deck. She's smiling. She's smiling. She's feeling your mouth with my cowboy deck. A cowboy that grows his freezer. Once you've had your first cowboy deck, you won't ever go back. Would you feel with cowboy deck? Oh, I'll scream. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. So Joe Costello says that Brittany Spears couldn't hold a candle to Jeff Gordon. Whatever that means. That's what he said. What did I always tell you about these auto wasting guys? By the way, don't forget to marmorning's the big show. Six to seven still. Yeah, six to seven. It should be seven to eight. But he got screwed over by the program director. He's a pussy. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You're the exception to the rule. You're the only Jew. I know that doesn't like that boom ball. Yeah. Because it's it's all clutching and timeouts and falls at the end. No, bowling. Yeah, it's garbage. It's a really after what's the big deal of a guy at seven put all shooting the ball. It would ten foot basketball. I mean, you've got to keep in mind. They haven't raised the basket in about 100 years. Okay. Guys like Bobby Wanzer, they used to be five nine five ten when they were Bob Koozi, little guys when they made baskets, then it was an accomplishment when you're seven feet tall and your arm goes up nine and a half feet in the air. What's the big deal? It doesn't make any sense. I don't know what the attraction is with this country. I have no idea. But it's strictly hype. It is. It is it's all well. It's all takes up all the sports pays every day. Yeah. Well, that's been you got to understand the Harold. They're in bed with Mickey Erish and remember when they put the arena over on the public because it's right down there by the Harold building and it's a copy of the title go up and they are sunset and they don't know the rest of their elbow. Yeah. And when you have series like the abs and the sharks, which was sensational, nothing without two paragraphs about it. Right. And then they give a frontal page to the heart of it to amazing. But that is just the tragic. That's why you got to hop on the internet and check out real newspapers. I'll do that in you. Okay. Check out the Toronto sun and then you'll hear some good hockey stuff. Twelve minutes before. So there you saw the video and what was I right or what? You were right. I never have to turn the volume up again because it doesn't mean you don't have to listen. The music just take a look at her and you know. Don't waste either one of that your hands turn the music up. 560, 560, 560, 960. She's cute. You know, I mean the music sucks at both. But then again, she's in the within sync. I'm telling you, I don't care if it's number one half that in sync. They couldn't sync their way out of a paper box. They suck. They're pathetic. I would listen to 5 before I would listen to in sync and I would die before I listen to 5 or 4 or 3. 5 of the pastiest looking bridge who could again couldn't get arrested in the at a panoray. 1, 29 at 560, WQM here.