Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rodgers show. Talk to Neil called 567-056-20. All the raver made in Raphis or Pound 560 on your cell pulse. The opinions of Neil has guessed. If you're interested, anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM abusing weed acquisitions or the feasly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560-20-20. If Friday you best be. Ever wonder what happened in the British Super Group Oasis? No, lots of people thought they'd finally run out of ways to rip off the Beatles. Not even close. Oasis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before. It's Oasis. Don't let it be. It gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredibly original songs work this. I'd like to be neat the surface of the ocean in an eight-on single. Just cultivate that with you. Oasis, don't let it be, you'll move me. It will sound you. It will make John Letton spin and is great. And that's a conclusion. The love you've been seeing. I hope you've been actively proportionate to the love. You've been in love. And look for no Galagher's new solo LP. Abbey Highway on Snap-O Records. I'll ride. The only thing that I just buy is more than Oasis is Russell Wasis. It's 10.025. They have any spot on this station. I always like that, Russ. You're not. Good guy. Who's worth $50, $80,000? Him and his good buddy, Julie Reynolds. They're my favorites. Those two. So I'll start the morning with a thanks. And by the way, you know, I don't want a nitpick. I just catch the last couple of minutes there. The morning show on the monitor here when we actually have to finally put the monitor up to find out if we're on the urine at. We sometimes were not. And they're talking about the Abelmont Stakes tomorrow. Dave Johnson, I guess we'll be calling later on. We assume that they're maybe, or maybe I guess you will. Yes, you will. Yes, you will. And anyway, so then Galby says, if that horse is running that named after me, that Stephen horse and D.F. who among the three, at least Joe and Galby admit they know nothing about horse racing. And D.F. who's supposed to be, doesn't he do? Didn't he always do that call or show? The pair of mutual shows. He's supposed to be the degenerate gambler in that group. This is all I think that Stephen got even dropped out. I mean, see if I'm going to be doing a show pretending to talk about sports. And in his time, you're really only pretending. But if I'm going to be doing it, wouldn't I like clip this thing? The entries out of the newspaper since it's in every paper in America out of the sports section so that I would know that post-eleviters Stephen got even with chain sellers. Wouldn't I probably do that? No, of course not, because this is QAN and we don't give a crap. I found that bizarre. Maybe that's why he's losing his ass. Maybe that's why he's losing up like that. Frustration. You know, when you got to work 70, 80 different jobs in six days, seven days a week to e-code a living and you're plunging your lungs out. Of course, I bet you he didn't lose no 2700 bucks in Vegas, did he? Do you think so? No. In one trip. In one hour. So I start with a fact this morning, which is kind of interesting. And I think it bears out what I've always known. And that is that the people out there, they just don't understand one thing. It's a radio show. Don't you understand that you get that? It's no, a radio show. Don't you possibly, don't you get it? It's a radio show. Well, anyway, Peter, who says he starts off by saying I'm a big fan? And listen regularly in my car and laugh at your stuff and enjoy. And tell him this, and tell him this question of many worthwhile topics. Intelligent discussion. Ehh! Of many worthwhile topics. I always tell my friends about things you say and love your word play. Well, maybe he's one of the few who actually understands what I'm saying. Because I've noticed recently that about 70% of what I'm saying goes sailing right over a lot of people's heads. Just flying, floating right over their heads like a cloud in the sky. But then Peter goes on after a great opening pair of graph to say. Listening to you yesterday, it was evident that the recent ratings drop upset you greatly. Right there, you started losing a Peter. Because one thing that Peter evidently hasn't been listening, he's a loyalist there, but he'd never heard me say, I don't give a sh** anymore. Right. We don't care. In fact, I said that yesterday when an out-to-trend came up, we don't care. But do we give a crap no? In fact, when I left here yesterday, there was Greg and screw in and Jerry Sarner and Bluff, all sitting out there to parking lots. And I said, you know, it's good that we had a crappy trend on this station for change. It'll make everybody a lot more humble. It makes some of you have to work a lot harder. I said that. And they kind of looked at me when I was like that. Is there what you'd be talking about, man? And anyway, Peter goes on to say, as far as the ratings drop, since Peter obviously don't understand the ratings, and most people around here don't get it either. He doesn't realize that it was that racing show on Saturday morning that killed us. But anyway, he says, I have two plausible answers. One is the incessant playing of anal noise cards that I don't like to hear. Okay. I switched to a news station when they come on. I don't know if others do as well, but they're unpleasant. I don't know why you play them so often. How are you switched to a news station when that comes on? Huh? You got to move fast. You got to really move like crazy. Like wildfire. Oh, ah! Now, to Peter come back, do you just come back, huh? Oh, geez. There he goes again. Maybe you could give people a heads up before you far. Okay. Look out. Watch it. Cut one for Christ. Cut one for Lord. Don't leave out the Virgin Mary. That's so ridiculous. I don't know why you'll play them as often. And then number two, he says, is if that weren't bad enough, he says Hank is ruining the station in general. Why did all of a sudden out of nowhere? After all this time that they just decide to pick on poor Hank. Maybe because he's out of town. Hank is ruining the station in general. He's out doing himself with his incredible rudeness and complete disregard for his listeners who support him in the rest of the U.S. He needs to be sent out to pass, or at least to New York to go to the Belmont. Since nearly Peter, we're actually with the last name. So this is obviously a very thoughtful facts from a guy who's a loyal listener, but doesn't like those anal noise cards. He can't stand him. I don't get it. What's the problem with that? Yesterday was the incident on Wednesday that guy was all been out of shape about penis. Remember that? Was that the identical twin that was all that was on Wednesday at the end of the show. He said it was been out of shape. Hook to the left. Like a golf shot. Hook to the left. Dammit. Hate when that happened. Don't you? Oh, sorry. Sorry, Peter. Didn't morning at that time. Man, everybody is so uptight in this world. You know, especially in this freaking country of ours. Because everybody's pulling each other's brains out for Christ. What do you worry about, Peter? If anybody else out there complains about the anal noise cards. I bet you that most of our crowd likes the anal noise cards. Do you want to bet on that? I'd be willing to bet on a hell of a lot of your money. Well, I don't have much left after losing 2700 bucks in biggest. I'd be willing to bet a lot of your money that the audience likes the anal noise cards. Come on. Real quick response here. Let's go. Yes, you know. The anal noise cards for Jesus. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Because if the audience don't like it, I can always cut them. Huh? Look at that. You know, and if you're like yesterday, everybody's going on about how much they love your manage. I listen to the mad dog going home. What did I tell you before? They love him. He gets no calls. He gets no calls. He was pumping the numbers so hard. I thought he was going to have a hurryer. No calls. QA and fart line. A rat. Good one. Excellent. Sorry, Peter. Peter just turned to IOD. Sorry about that. Okay. Hang in there. We'll take a little pull on this. Till some good time. And you know, some really distraught about those rating. Ehh. I was playing the end of what happens when you have a month like that with a rating. I was playing the other for those who are uninitiated. Including some of my fellow abroad cashers in this town. So, call. Orangios Italian centers got a new smoke fish department within their first seafood department. Now check it out. As George would say, come and meet Paul in the experts. Smoke fish counterperson. Hand sliced, novo or locks regularly. $6.99. Not only 4.99. Quarter pound. And you get an eighth of a pound of cream cheese free when you buy that good stuff. Kippert salmon regularly $20. Not only $449.00 for the quarter pound. Hand sliced, stable regularly. $17.00 for the pound. Now just for $29.00 for a quarter pound. Also smoked white fish, $5.99.00 and homemade white fish, $7.99.00. By the way, thanks for talking. For putting a nice new neatly typed copy of this. So I can read it. Not in the copy file. Did he do it? No. Thanks Todd. You can share the sheet. Watch him mom and dad. You can share the sheet. Hold the most when we ever had. Mom and dad were playing pegs. White bear on the bed. Mommy and you start bobbie at the bill of work daddy's head. Mommy and dad were sobbing. Geo must got wet last. I don't know what she was drinking but you got a note must dash. Be it through the heat hole. And show what I see. What I'm sure do is like in my baby. Mommy and dad were hooked together. White night went in long. What a fine night for something like that. Mom was yelling at the door. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. You have been caught up in full claw sheet. Get some wealth in peace. Be it through the heat hole. Watch him mom and dad. Get some good heal. Mom's on the other hand. Only watch those little longer. The nice daughter could get sick. If daddy's name is Helbert. Why don't ask for a gift. Daddy grounded his body broke back. Mommy wanted more. She went back on top of him but all he did was snore. Be it through the heat hole. Have you missed half? I can't wait to try to stop. I'm so girly in my class. I'm 14. I'm 26. I'm 21. I'm 21. I need a lawyer. Okay sir. Great. I want to. Anyway, here's a effects. Mommy traveled her group of views in Venezuela. This whole thing about that story that sandwiched on Monday. They're Tuesday. They're Tuesday after the holiday. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You're all full of crap. You see those kind of relationships right here this week, right? And they don't know with what? About it, Rika. Maybe he's got the hot spring. That's true. That's possible. You know, right now, I've happened before. Of course, all the time. So in Rika, if you're listening, God bless you, sweetheart. He is the best. He's everything you could ever want to then some. And he's kind of like ambiguous. You know, I'm talking about unlike Ricky Martin who's not the least bit ambiguous. Huh? Is there any doubt about Ricky? No. Maddoque, aren't Ricky? Huh? No. He is everywhere. In fact, Sam brings me in the new Miami magazine, Miami Metro that changed the name of the two, to protect the guilty. And they're on the cover looking like looking like he may substitute for American Airlines on your next journey. There's Ricky, mania. Up close with pop, Throb, Ricky Martin. It looks like it's throbbing right now. And there she is. Not even with a tonial touching the ground. And the unique Carter of the backstage boys looked like hercules on a good day. Anyway, getting back to these ratings, okay, and back to this. Thank you, by the way, for the packs and the facts, Peter. Give me some good material. Otherwise, very boring day. Well, it's only the fourth of June. It is so boring here. Do you have any? Uh huh. Wow. There's nothing going on here. I mean, absolutely positively nothing going on in this town. But anyway, getting back to these ratings, you see, let me explain it to you. Okay, here's how it works folks. Arbitron up there in Beltsville, Maryland, which is all we got. I mean, those are the only ratings we have for radio anymore. Unfortunately, they have no competition. So they can be as mediocre as they want to be. And one rating, much less one month. One rating book really doesn't mean a whole lot. Unless you get lucky. But when we had the monthly trends, what happens is that every now and then. Because they send out a very small sample. And because a lot of people don't waste their time sending the diaries back. Especially if they're not an ethnic minority, they don't get a, you know, five bucks for the diaries that are just one. Then they wind up with a really skewed sample. And some stations get screwed. It's called taking a hit in the industry. Oh, we took a big hit this way. Yeah, that's what we like to say. We took a hit. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm not. Right, that's not that kind of hit. That's Monday, by the way. Everybody's going to be smoking. We could weed all over this part of the country. It'll be handing out free samples. Yeah, we took a hit. Take another hit. And another one another. And then you can look at the numbers. You won't feel so bad. But it anyway. So basically what that means is that during the month of April, the diaries that they set out, they found very few people listen to QA and they couldn't find our audience. Some months it happens to other stations. And some months it happens to all the stations. You know what I'm saying? Some stations like the lightball that you staff to do every month, they couldn't find their audience because there wasn't any. And the same with the INZ with the stupid talk. I don't want to mention a particular day parts, but. He's having a bad one. He's having a bad one. He's having a bad one. He's just taking months after months. He's gone. And I was the five or six months. They keep searching and cannot find any evidence of a lot of you. So I think it's a pretty good. A safe thing to say when you're in this business. If month after month in the trends, you continue sucking wind and not showing any numbers at all. That is a pretty good indication that it's not just a glitch in our We're trying sampling, but not only couldn't they find your audience, but you don't have any audience. If I were you, I'd go back to Jiffyloob, get the car looped up and head out of town right away. Okay. I get my diesel truck back over there right away before noon. I'd hop in it and head out of town real fast. Before you get lower than that 1.3 share. God. Just exactly what I predicted. I mean, you didn't have to be a rocket scientist to figure that out. Did you Peter? Did you have to be a genius? No. I'm even. You asshole. And by the way, have a nice day, Peter. I'm sure you're listening right now. Peter, Peter, and his good buddy John for. They're probably joining the hit right now. They're probably grappling with each other as we speak. Birds of a feather suck together. That's those two, man. I'm telling you, I don't wish anything bad on anybody except those two. I'm making exception. There's nobody else in the world. I want to see anything bad happen to. Even Slavio Milosevic. He's a pretty bad guy, but he's not even in the same league with those two. Assassin. Career and life destroyers. Butters. Liers. No talent. Aslickers. But I'll do that. They're okay. Peter Bolzer and John for it. It's stupid talk. Nice to stop by the way, but he's OJ thing. That went over big. Yeah. That went over real big. Blue up in their face again. Desperate. Desperate. So no, we're not upset about least those of us who understand how the ratings work. I mean, you're never happy when you get one of these months where they can't find a hole. But because the whole station went down to 15 to 20%. Like those of you yesterday calling it ripping hank of fat ass. I mean, what was that besides a lot of fun, you know. Oh, it's fun. I mean, why not rip him in ass? He deserves it once in a while just like I do. Lee all deserve a big ass rip. Why not? And in his case, if you whatever show up on the air to a clock, maybe we'd stop rip him in an ass. You know. Yeah, go ahead. You didn't play the music. Ah, it's a fun idea. It's way out. Okay. Well, whatever. WQM. WQM. WQM. WQM. You're a clock, do you? Yeah. You have a lot of questions. What are they doing? They're going to be doing these. These are our buddies. The side, the, you know, who's here. It is? Sound like them? All the sticks sound the same. Yeah, but with all their screens, when you think they'd be hanging out. Or if it was raining a long time, maybe they got a little bit of a mess. Yeah. If you are a multi-corn line. alright. You're pretty sweet. You probably never would. Oh um um. The camera's running out. I'm going to call in line. Oh, no. Okay, thank you. That was great. Oh, I love it. There's like playing little grab-ass with each other. That was fantastic. You're right. I am the pivotman. There's no question about that. Wow. You can feel the vibrations right here in this studio. WQAM. Neo and honor Peter's fart petty. You got to give him a shot of the accreditation tape. Yeah. Okay, if we did one day when we had no spots, we thought it would be pretty soon after these numbers sink in. Thank you, sir. How to be like the middle of next week this spot. So I'll order this up here. By the way, getting back to our close personal friend Todd Drek, I don't want to start up with him again, but I will anyway. Yes, I do. No, seriously. Here's, here's, here's, I wish the audience could have seen yesterday. The scene that we had in here at about 9.30 yesterday morning. Because there's nothing simple with this guy. It's always a lot of noise, a lot of posturing, a lot of bellowing, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of, you know, loud and fatic and obnoxious. And then does he do what he says he's going to do? No. See, that's the thing. I almost cracked up at a middle at Lorenzo spot because I just showed him yesterday that the agency facts this over a piece of copy that is barely legible. And when they're prices in there, you want to get the information right for our close personal friend David Lorenzo and all our good piezons over there. Who hasn't been on the air with me for about six, hundred years. And it's started just saying, okay, I'll have somebody be typing. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but you know, besides just make a lot of noise and bluster and run around and all, all tell me everybody how weird and what an asshole I am, okay? And, make it up stories about your good friend Peter Leonard who never stole a freight train, by the way, he even though he's pretty, uh, grizzly looking like, uh, Igor on a bad day, never less ain't a bad guy. We like Peter Leonard a lot. We like fat boy a lot, well, yeah, we do. We like everybody except, we love Gary Sarner, one of my newfound best friends. And, Todd Drex case, there will make an exception, that's where we draw the line. No, seriously, if you look, a bull crap artist in the dictionary, his picture is next to it. Blow hard, that's him. Puppah, and I mean, just keeps getting louder and louder and louder and more obnoxious, but, I mean, this is not rocket science, okay? It's called taking a piece of copy, having some flunky somewhere to building, retipe it on a sheet of paper, so it's legible. That's not very difficult. Is it? Oh, no. No. Does it require like a big song to dance in a seminar and him in here jumping up and down? Like a Jewish repal skillskin? No, it does not. No, it does not. Okay. I want to take back what I said about the nanny by the way, being the a role model for anti-Semitism around a role, Todd Drex is the role model. Not the nanny. I mean, Jesus Christ and Joseph, uh, and Saul. I mean, he's so adamant. He's a, oh, I'm going to get there. He's on right now. And he goes burging out the door. Did we see him again? No. And we see him this morning. Oh, did the copy been replaced? Oh, did it still hard to read? Huh? And this is a guy, like I said, who runs around a hallway, he's, he's, he's, he's talking up a storm. See, there's a substitute for doing anything. Just talk up a big storm, okay? Talk a good game. Don't do anything. Just talk a lot. Bluster. Remember how do you do to the Mr. Bluster? He could have played Mr. Bluster. In fact, if they ever make the how do you do the movie, I'm going to nominate him. He can be Mr. Bluster. Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup. But I wouldn't be surprised that the agency guy actually turns out to be a pretty good guy. Well, everything's relative, you know. 1026 and 560 WQM. Hey, what do you, uh, give you the real thing here, Nail? What would it do if I had normal boobs with the still got out and by my CD? Who you get wrong when I scream that a song beside how my sight seems off key key? I'ma get by with him last in my breath. I just got with his last in my breath. I don't have to try with his last in my breath. And you hold in your body, party. I only had to pull my candy from. Of the tears in your body. You're not convinced and where I could find now. Can you succeed by just spreading your line? Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or it's a guy. I can only be with him just as his team. Well, at least until I'm out of rehab, 35. I get by with his last in my breath. I get by with his last in my breath. When I don't have to try with his last in my breath. I do believe you're that edge-body. He left through me by cherries, by cherries. You're the only one. But when this feels as bad, the most important thing. I'm a get-five in front, in front, in front. In front of my breath. And he's a good man. Yeah. Anyone? Anyone? Okay, 1032 or 560. It's interesting that the album by the way of what I've tried, Billboard, is always a week behind. What it comes out to the public. Number one is week millennium. Thank God replacing Ricky Martin. But on a single strike, the hot 100, you're going to be really depressed when you find out. Number one is still Ricky Martin living in Loppinga, Loka. Licking Loppinga, Loka. It's all to say. The last thing that I can do is Jennifer Lopez, like I said, yeah. And of course Brittany Spears is popping up the old Tsar II with her single. I'll stop you when you get to a real music. Sure. But that's my point and that is that we've come, you know, to this thing now where it doesn't make any difference with the single knot. As far as the single Tsar II concert, but if you look pretty good, if you have big boobs or like shake your booty pretty good, then they're running out they're like crazy. Which goes to show you that you guys oughta be very pleased, because there's a lot of desperate women out there. I mean, horny, desperate, emotional, desperate. Yeah. I mean, and of course the worst part of it is, don't they get it? I mean, low. Like Ricky Martin, I seriously, they could be, they could be the hottest looking things in the history of the human race. And is there any chance? No. Is there a teeny tiny, low, no. Not with Ricky Martin who's looking Loppinga, Loka. WCWAM. Hello? Yes, sir. What is it? I'm on the mobile case, don't you know? Yeah, speaking. Hey, how's it going? Let me ask you a question. How's we going? I didn't say that. Let me ask you one question. Yeah, I asked me a question, sir. What's that? Why do you hide behind a phone? Why do you hide behind a phone? Right. What are you going to get? Let me ask you something. Do you know who I am? Do we know who you are? Yes. Who are we? Why, why, why, why, why do you find the hot, give me a set of your hand. You want? I stopped the hot in the hot, give me. It won't hot, give you a game. Two months ago. And you just a bad head of the same case. You would have picked me out. Yeah. And what did you say to me at the hot, give me a set of your hand. We have this discussion at the hot, give me a set of your hand. We did. We did. We did not. Yes, we did. No, we did not. No, we didn't have any discussion. So in other words, you're the pussy, pal. Okay? You're sitting right behind me allegedly at the hot, give me a set of your hand. Which I'm sure you weren't. But if you were, we didn't have this discussion. That way, no. Because you didn't have the balls. But you're the anonymous one behind me. And on his phone. Like all the other brave collars we got out there. Always been that way. Meet these people in person. Oh Nikki, Nikki, Nikki, Nikki. Nikki, Lappa, Lappa, Lappa, Lappa, Lappa. But then, on the phone, all of a sudden, they got, that. That. Yeah. Speaking of that, by the way, here's a fact that says to Neil Ray Hank Oberg. Well, they're just ripping a, humpster a fat ass this week. I would rather. What is this? I'd rather crawl a mile over broken glass. stand in a wind tunnel filled with brook Daniels parts and then yeah And then eat maggots from rosio donnels rectum butt cheeks then listen to five minutes of Hank show keep up the good work Neal sign bill. How do you like that? They're hostile with a hump for this week Huh? I think here's a problem there, especially when he mentioned The Daniels gang asses in from the old that while we shouldn't have said that because then we'll get Peter upset we probably rushing right now to turn on the mood station I mean just stop and think about how ludicrous that is see all all these people they want to sound very intellectual Oh, yes, wait like they got to call the other day about wow, you know I you lied to his teeth who claims that he doesn't listen and We know he does listen and you know this is a shock radio of yours and penis You know penis this and he must have said penis 68 times Maybe figures if he says says it often enough he'll grow one, you know Yeah, this guy before that allegedly sat beyond me at the hockey game I've never had anybody sit anywhere near me at the hockey game and open up a mouth the only the only assels I've had a doggy and we're Andy from Hollywood who's back I just threw in a waist basket by the way and that Mitch guy who always comes around taking these are comedian with his shove sandwiches for for this spokesman And that's it W Q a m George yes Take report ocean drive how on the Yes, sir Three three motorcycle cops standing in the woods check people Yeah, just before how on the beach pool where I had North that golden beach we got it Okay, thanks sir, I have a great weekend there you go one of our reports from our suit people out there in radio land Oh, I love that I love that call we had with the sounds in the background. Oh, that was beautiful Cause that should give you an idea and especially when comes back to these ratings now do you think that if that group of 85 Misfits if they all had their arbitron diaries that are gonna admit that they're listening. Oh, but they're all we have the biggest closet audience in the history of radio business on this show I would say if you triple the numbers that we get in a good month That would be a better indication of what the percentage of people that are really listening in this town Everyone is listening in this town make them mistake about that. Who was that guy that just opened the door and came in here by accident? Who was that kind of about seven feet tall maybe he's from all of he was a white cow I was gonna say a basketball player. He was white Maybe he's looking for the bathroom might have been WCOM and Yes, sir You're talking about the single Wait a minute now after the spot is running a yellow salt. Oh, yeah, okay. I've been Joe Costello's fall Tide you're still a buck plug go ahead sir You're talking about the singers and they're not really singers. They're just on the single charts or whatever crazy too Bastard. Yes, sir. Yeah, not like the old days When you had like Richard Harris singing McCrothard Park and Cher singing chipsies transcendence. Yeah And Dean singing sidewalk surfing. Yeah, but at least Janet Dean or musician they were well Jan and Dean were musicians Where did they how can how come Brian Wilson had a right-all-are-muse-acform? Well, okay, Jan and Dean were musicians Well, I don't know. I think you're right But and a net swim to tell us he was pretty good What that and and what's his name a frecky avalan. He was a musician and the monkeys. Yeah, the monkeys were our David Nace Michael Naceman. He was a musician Michael Naceman was a musician and true but in Peter Dork But David Jones was a little cloud British TV star A little guy that wanted to living in a dump somewhere. Yeah, and Peter Tork was kind of a nerd I guess Neil Let's never good weekend and I'm serious. God bless you and God bless Britney Spears, okay? And Jennifer Lopez and Ricky Martin looking like in galoka. I'm always at the great artist that we have today and my good close personal buddy And Ricky She's not really important with your like and we can't music and out of the light happening a like in a lot Especially when he seems to the party on But in replay this this look at this put your armor on the show But you're head on his shoulder See how emotionally gets on his show exactly he gets for your emotional He's obsessed with me What hey listen, I'm getting a little bit rigid just thinking about the fact that a Ricky's out there listening right now And they actually be touching himself because he's so excited from the vibrations of my voice coming over his speaker I'm sure that's what's am told me. He said he's touching it 21 before 11 at 560 WQM Friday This is Kevin. Oh, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done okay and some body contouring and some liposuction And there's wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation cosmetic vest says that he face this all of these things Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my My thing Okay, we don't do that. No could you do breast implants though? Can we don't they would do right away the lotion in the basket? How much? 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too The laser surgery Have the lens stop crying yet mommy Excuse me. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works in the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV Okay, can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first and then I'm looking actually we can tell you that won't be Should I wear my skin suit rate of body parts mommy? If you'd like to it works the lotion in the basket Would you like to make it a point then? Okay, um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine Okay Okay My name is buffer will bill okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. You might probably use it. Let's the lotion in the basket. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay, do you like to make it a point when you want to call me back? Yeah, it works the lotion in the basket. I got my skin shooting it. But I got you. Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to say it works the lotion in the basket? Would you like to make it a point? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. Okay. It works the lotion in the basket. Hello? Damn it. 1045 and 560WQ. By the way, speaking of that asshole, I called about allegedly being behind me a talking aim which he was not or if he was he could have his mouth real shut that night. But nevertheless, just don't on me. I'm always talking about public and MIA. Those are the three places. See, and I'm finding more joints where I'm really big. By the international airport, I would say publics of the sawgrass definitely number one. And the macaroon with a hockey game is I'm legendary. I'm gigantic. I'm huge there. Big like about this big. Okay. Look at this. We're doing a little screenel section today. This audience has got no material. Man, you have got absolutely positively nothing. Even on the on a great that provocative facts that we had from Peter to start to show this morning. Nothing. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. No wonder mad dog was a psychotic yesterday. Two man, this will be again for the much despise tag golberg at two this afternoon. I don't know why Hank is all of the sudden much despise. I guess because he's out of town it's an easy target. Just like the anonymous guy to call before on the phone, you know, with his big mouth. Behind the anonymity of the phone. So mad dog will be here between two and six this afternoon. Then we got the talking baseball with Donald Z. Brennan at six o'clock. Six thirty the pre-game in a Marlins in the Tampa Bay Devil raise. Wow. Big one coming up seven o'clock tonight. You know those red hot Marlins at one again last night? Oh any interest? How about a Q.A.M.? Yeah. Yes sir. Hey, you know why you're knocking many calls. You got to do the J. Pre-spoch. See that gets everybody wild up. That's what it is. Is that what you want to talk about? If you want to, I know I don't think I've ever met a straight pre-seater. Yeah. We have arrested by a priest. What's that? Did you ever go to a professional? No, I never have. Are you can't look? No, I used to be the way I reached the age of reason. Yeah. Ten. And now I've reached all the way. Yeah. You ever go to a professional those strange stumping sounds on the other side of the wood? Only when I told them that I touched myself. Uh-huh. That's when I started hearing those noise. Right. But I didn't. Good. Did I? What? Go ahead. I knew a priest for 16 years. Yeah. And uh, it took me to when I learned about the wound up working at the barracks. You were working at the barracks? No. There's no fact in the church. Yeah. No, it went a lot of times. I was partying for a priest for a hundred and a over priest. When I started working with him, um, then I realized, you know, how strange he was. Yeah. Well, you know, most guys that walk around in the dress, it's not exactly your everyday cup of tea. You know what I'm saying? And they all wear anything under that dress. Right. Okay. Well, I'm glad you checked it out and have a great day. There's a guy who knows the inside and outside. The father's tool. How old are you? You're going to know what's going on? How are you doing, sir? Oh, I, uh, regarding the facts. Yeah. Um, I got no problem. No, no problem with the far sound. Yeah. Um, the my aim is that you play that. Got real real quick in my eyes. What? Well, you know what? I didn't play yesterday. Yeah. I think you were first by memory. Yeah. Well, oh, thank you so much. They were good in Hank. And, uh, when you're tired of my inus? Well, I'm sorry. Anyway, regarding Hank and people say the data. Why do you want to be audience? So vicious would Hank all of a sudden the last couple of days. I don't know where. No, I'm, I thought Hank had kissed and made up with the audience and was doing just great. And all of a sudden the last couple of days, they've turned out I'm like a red, like a rabbit, uh, animal. Hank, Hank, can you are very similar? You, in the first place you guys are, uh, red, you, uh, yeah, well, whatever. Well, red, you're educated. You speak the truth. Yeah. A lot of people don't like you because you're not afraid to say what's the truth is that of what people want to hear. And there are people who don't like me. Well, I mean, you've had a lot of you, you had a lot of these trackers over to your truthful. Yeah. Okay. And a lot of the reason for that is not because you're potty, mouth or this or that. Because they can't stand the truth. That's right. Like the Catholic Church. That's the important again for that extent. And the right wing, uh, gun nuts and all these other idiots. Well, whatever. I mean, the thing that is, if Hank does it like a certain player or a certain team or he's got an opinion on some, he comes out and says it. Now, guy, I've got like the forest. You don't hear that make him play something about the first team because you're a bunch of cupcakes. Yeah, Wimpy. Yeah. The word you're looking for is Wimpy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, a default really lost my respect this morning when the guy, uh, when guilty was asking about Stephen got even being in a race tomorrow in the Belmont. And he's like, oh, I think he dropped out. I mean, come on, it's right there in the paper this morning, default doesn't require a direct line to the Jimmy DeGreethe grave line. Okay. All the requirements is like open enough loose paper, do it just a little bit of homework. See the names of the 12 horses that are in the field there. And then you'd have some idea. But I mean, you know, we don't really care anymore. Yeah. I mean, obviously, I mean, today was Duncan Donas Day and we appreciate the free food. And that's all we care about. You know, we, I'm trying to listen in the morning. And you do listen in the morning. Don't you come on, you listen. I want to, while until I hear that squeaky voice come on, the squeaky door. I mean, I'll be listening to default and Joe Wilhelm and the conversation about something. Yeah. And when Galby comes in, even if he says something, it's how is he? Yeah, but Galby's my hero now, though. He gave me the new outlook on life. Kill these my main ones. That is true about that. Yeah. But that's about it. He had in years to my life. He don't realize it yet. But I owe Galby big time. In fact, I say, Galby for a part voice of the panthers. You know, some, I, but again back again, back again to you and I got off the air. Yeah. I was listening to the mandate yesterday. And I was, that's my start thinking about how. Didn't get any calls, mandatory is great. And he gets no calls. And it's, you know, something that tears my guts out. Well, I think that's a good call. You're wrong about that. Hank, it's more calls than anybody on this radio station. All he's got to do is sit down when it eventually gets to a microphone wherever he might be. You know, about 20 after two. And like usually, don't even have to give them a number. So he's always saying, well, we got to, he's talking back to the guys. There's two. We got any calls, nothing. Okay. We're a chulous tour, whatever. And he goes on from there. Yeah. Why call them up? Well, he was talking about the 50 greatest athletes that they're doing on the history. Right. And I, or a little thing is so ridiculous. You know, the whole thing is intended to create a lot of controversy and get everybody to talk about it. And it's working very well. You know, you know, but the thing, it is a good way to give, to give, uh, homage to a guy like Lugar and a rocker. I was the people that that maybe haven't been active. Yeah, but buddy, but make a mantle is 37 and secretary is 35. If it'll horse, I had to make you mantle. It's not to make me tear my liver out. So he, he's talking to me. I think it's too late. He's talking about like, you know, Dan Marina was like, Frank 75 to D on Sanders is 73. So I, yeah. So he's like, how can that pass? We'll be so I put my two cents in and he's saying there's no calls on the boards. Why pick up the phone? Yeah. What about Shane Burton? How did he raise Shane Burton? And that name, he was. I get on the phone and then I, they go into a five minute break. And he goes, we have run phrase around the phone. Now all. And I, I think it's a, I think it's a Ron phrase. We like you, Ron, but God, that you and baseball stuff is boring. Well, it's got to tell all the sun. There's a, there's a, I'd rather hear about your poverty. 10, 15 minute gap. We're not taking calls. Hey, Frank. Bye bye. All right. In conclusion, son, I read you think the format. So if we had a lot of that yesterday, people saying the format sucks and they just can't handle these 85 minute breaks and the sales department's ruling the station. We want to know what, you go about 16 minutes in break in per hour for you correct? In this show. Yes. Very good. It doesn't sound that much. No. I mean, because you do a lot of life spot as just blends in with the rest of you. So it doesn't sound that much. It was limited. That's according to the deal that we made here. It's limited. Believe me, if they had the choice and I've told screw in our sales manager and she knows it, if they had the choice, they'd run 50 minutes of spots because they don't care about the programming. And they honestly, they care about the ratings only that they'd like to heat them respectable, but they care about just loading it up with spots so we can afford to pay Wayne, you know, and John Henry. Yeah, what, when they're not correct for those crap ball games, we got every 20 minutes they do a sports update if there's from that. Thanks for the stuff we got. No games going on during the day. Guys showering together and grabbing each other's butts. Pretty much. There's no games going on during the day. Well crap we got uncertainty. Morning, God. It's enough to make me wish for another auto reasons. All right. I can vote the airport. He would tell me a few stories. The Ocasso is okay. And have a great day. God bless you. Okay. That guy said to hell of a lot. I'm not sure what he said. But he was a good guy. All right. He didn't rip back. He said, thanks. Okay. But he's got no show or something like that. Come on. He spots. The all spots radio, baby. That's us. Just get the spots on. I told you, don't believe me. Do you think I'm kidding? And by the way, for him to blame Joe Costello. I'm going to tell you we like Joe Costello in this show. Okay. Joe is one of our friends. He's one of the good people in this building. Okay. What would be unaplicated people in this building? And for an obnoxious slime ball, like Todd Drec, to finally come in here, wheezing with a copy. After I ripped him an ass on a year, he said he would go take care of it yesterday. He didn't say he'd go. We have Joe Costello or somebody else take care of it. He said he'd be right back with a retop copy. And Joe called and said, Todd's so crap. Yeah. Todd's full of crap. That's what he said. He's full of Oh, sorry Peter. Peter's on IOD again. Peter just flipped over to IOD again because I had another anal burst. Well, some people have a lot of anal burst. Okay. WQAM. Yeah. Yes, sir. Roy is there. Okay. I just wanted to, yeah, I listened to the dog yesterday. He was like unbelievable. Yeah. I never looked into the shot man because he just turned me off. But how come my man did still get any calls? What's wrong with his audience? You wanted to why? He don't talk about gambling. He doesn't get points spreads. Maybe that's the reason. Maybe the degenerate gamblers. In addition to which they, I've told you this since I started on this station, there are really no sports callers in this town. So when somebody comes on there that doesn't want to talk about gambling and points spreads, there really knows this stuff and also has a sense of humor. There are no calls because there are no sports fans in his town. It comes boy, it was. He was just on fire yesterday. I mean, I think the number one line was that he went to the dolphin awards, feel whatever. Yeah. And he said, there were a lot of plans to get to the dolphin. And he would, I mean, I was, I was, I knew it was unbelievable. Yeah. I don't have the money that had some two, yeah. I'm sure they do. I mean, I don't know when you people I can, you know, say that and get away with it. Only managed would say plastic titties on the radio. That's correct. It was the best. Right. Unbelievable. They would have to get rid of the fat man because he's, he should have bought. Oh boy, the soft continues when Hank comes back Monday, he might pack up and get out of here. Okay, you have a great day. Boy, they hate Hank to that or I don't know what it is. What did he do to them all of a sudden? Maybe a big blast or something. Huh? Maybe give him a bad tip on a ball game or say, it has to be something like that because it sounds like a grudging to me. WQAM. Hey, no. Yes, sir. I've never seen an uprising in a couple like this in my life. I never even thought it was possible. Anyways, um, you were talking yesterday about the ratings about how you guys took a judge. I heard your judge says this is the mitochondria that this is a mitochondria. Oh, a mitochondria? No, no, no, no. Okay. I found that. I mean, it's, it's, uh, whatever, it's a bad idea. He, he hates you like poison. I have no idea. Did you like one, uh, you know, steal, uh, I don't like going to it. I have no idea. I mean, every time I call, I identify myself as definitely not a mitochondria color. Okay. Anyways, um, you're talking about the ratings yesterday and what beat you trying to mid-day? Uh, let's see, 2554 persons. Well, still, I'm sure, uh, men were number one by end and men overall were number one. So actually, what station actually beat you guys? No, I know, but let me take a look. Okay. I tend to, WLIF, which is elevated music FM, WBGG, which is just the after spillout from Howard having the gigantic book in the morning, uh, which you know, nobody listens to big after he goes, uh, why 100, which was by any audience given away a lot of money. The coast had a 5.1, uh, love 94 for the 5.0. We had a 4.8, which means between 10 and 2, it did about a 5.5. So actually like only a big in life. Wow. Yeah. Elviter music? Yeah. Yeah. And you know, it's totally bogus and next month it'll change again because the month of April, arbitron couldn't find our listeners. It happens to everybody. Yeah. You know, I have, I have some some girls that work with me. They give me like little fiery boards, because, uh, I guess on the best way, I'm a way to school. They listen to 1, 100, and they're shoved up their pedaling in the morning. And um, about last week, I think they had, um, tricky Martin. Yeah. And they were interviewing in the morning. And I think, uh, 30, and the chicks who preics asked them, if he, uh, how he was handling this, this new thing, now that everybody is new thing. Yeah. Yeah. And he was like, oh, well, you know, all the women better are forming on me. I really don't get attention because I'm caught up in the moment. All the women who are performing on him, forming over more swarming, all the way, that's warm over him. Like he, he's really not paying attention, because he's too caught up in the moment. And to caught up in his boyfriend's, I think, is what's going on. But I asked her two questions. Remember one, you have to know that you were one trick, Tony, and he's on the way out. Right. Right. Right. So the panel is called the back of the board. Right. And number two, um, I mean, if obvious, who's now on this number one in the world, by the way, and almost every country in the world, but anyway, go ahead. Number two, he obviously has been a finger in our worker. Okay. All right. You have a great day. See, you were knocking this guy. This was a great car. It was a great call. I apologize. Yeah. See, George, they all come and say it. Oh, sorry. I'll take just because you get too many of them today. I can't help it. That's because they're all listening. Thank God. Those are great fun to line though. That was a great line. God bless you, Sir. And you, uh, look over, whatever was, do I say 3, 4, 11 and 5, 60 QA, and I'm on the court. I'm 50. Oh, five, five, six, 13. Okay, it's 11, 11, 5, 60, W to QM. Here he is, the voice of the, uh, everything. Any horse race that's ever been run virtually, Dave Johnson, how you doing, Dave? Hey, this is humiliating. No, you, I'm supposedly expert and you're the one who picked charismatic. No, I didn't. Oh, I thought you could pick minutes. Why did I say I picked care? No, I did not. Well, you better get your shuffle, your deck there. Oh, I don't even remember, but it wasn't charismatic. Who the hell did I, oh, I picked that other filly. What was the other filly? You weren't needing? Yeah. Oh, but I hadn't excuse those. You had a problem and she like, uh, she still writes, here she comes in the top of this right now. No, but seriously, if I would have known, he I'm out of the loop on this stuff and the first in the derby as you know, I was in Europe, so I wasn't here. So I wasn't aware of this great story that's uh, unfolding and for some reason, nobody seems to care. Now I asked our good mutual friend Hank about this a few days ago when he said that, uh, Chris, Anthony, he saw many elevator acts of the race. And he said, uh, I looked at him in the eye and he said, he just got that looking as vina. Somebody me by that. I said, this is a tremendous human interest story that usually, the media gobble this stuff up. Here's a guy that had problems with drugs and obesity and with booze and he lost all the weight he made an unbelievable comeback. And now he's done the virtue winning the triple crown. This is exactly the kind of story that Thurabred Racing and all sports need, you know, and uh, I'm not reading very much about that. Well, it's a great story. He's really a nice guy and, and a terrific rider. I mean, he wrote this horse very confidently. I did see you know, this morning he rang the bell at the opening of the stock exchange. Maybe he's got a little bit of it in there. Or maybe he's got some good tips on the inside that we will only waste. We had. Yeah. That could be it. Well, we'll talk to Hank. Maybe we could get Hank to mark our program. Okay. Now let's see the horse that Hank picked. Let's see. Oh, here right behind the excellent meeting. Here he comes at the top of the stick. Little order. Hank is a very good, uh, Andy Gapper. You know, you can't take it just on one race. That's right. That's exactly. In fact, I remember a couple of years ago in a breeder's crown breeder's couple. And he picked every horse that he picked came in last and he said, you can't pick it only on one year. You know, exactly. So I know who you like already. This is kind of a pointless conversation. I didn't know who I was. Because you already you said, and if you change now, I'm going to be shocked because I know you never change except usually from Friday to Saturday. Well, you told me that if silver bullet day would have been a pretty good. The first one is he would have won from here to the parking lot you said. I, I, she could have started in the parking. Okay. Now, she's into the tomorrow and a bell-man. And I can't imagine that you would change your mind. I'm, I'm going to go for it. Yeah. Right. I think I've got to. I just, I think she's an absolutely incredible animal. And this is the first time that she's going to be trying to boys in the, in the, uh, Belmont stakes and she'll be a price. I mean, she's not going to be a favorite or even the second choice. So yeah, that's what I'm probably going to pick. And, you know, this bob backward. This guy, I mean, I like him and he's like we said he's got personality and he did the out of a few words on here. They're made a little colorful. But why does he have to throw a monkey wrench in the works of waiting all these years for another triple crown winner? And charismatic, which is, oh, here's a horse that was in claiming races and Luke, even when Luke is didn't think that highly of and we're going to all these negative things about the horse and nobody gave him credit after the derby. And then the Chris and Lee factor here, there's such a great story. Why does Bob back for that to get in here with that way? What do you think we should do just lay down and let this horse win the, win the Belmont? I mean, if you're, if you're going to win the triple crown, you got to earn it. No, I don't think so. They got to let him win it. Come on. Got to earn it. And that's what charismatic. If he can do it, he deserves to be on the pedestal. I'm going to pick charismatic. Because you know me, I do this every time we have a winner in the first two legs, I always picked, because I want to see a triple crown winner. It's great for racing. I'd really deep down on my heart. I'd love to see him win too. I just can't pick the favorite, but okay, we got a great matchup. You got charismatic. I got silver bullet day. And you're out of your head. Thank God. George's pigmenity by the way. And of course, he doesn't know that pat day is riding menophe. And, uh, huh? Now, what was that? I don't, why don't we, why don't we just box those three horses? I don't, I wasn't going to mention this because the last time that you call, I, I, I'd let this go because I know you've called 80 million races in your life and only made one mistake and everybody talks about that. Well, what was the race? We're a metafoe one on the outside. And in the middle of the stretch, you had like a moment carry, you know, like a little bobble. It was a senior moment. It was you right. And we, you know, I started falling. The race is so long ago that the saddle clots were in Roman numer. And I thought to myself, you know, it's because pat day is riding that horse. That's the reason that Dave's having a little bit of problem there because pat day, I don't know. It's just, uh, that's that whole, the whole ambiance with him. I just, uh, don't pick pat day. Well, um, he's a good rider, but I'm going to pick somebody else. I guess you're in pain. I get cherry Bailey. Yeah. You got, and I got the great Chris Stanley who's made a great comeback and tell Hank that we don't care what he says. We're still pulling for Chris Stanley. We don't care about that. In fact, he said, I said, what do you mean the look in his eyes? He said it kind of like he had the he need G. Mees. I said, I didn't really wish. And what was that? He need me. He was on Chris Stanley. Good. I really said the horse name. He be. Mees. Yeah. Maybe that's we started. Maybe he's related to a little higher. Or whatever that other one is. Okay. Well, listen, have a great telecast. As I know, you will. And, uh, what can I say? I mean, if we have a triple crown winner, I'll call you. Will you? I will. I'll call you because, uh, you know, you will be the king of the handicapped person of all time. If that's, if this happens. Okay. And I want double on my money back. All right. Okay. Thanks, Dave. Thank you. You too. Okay. Dave Johnson there. Let's see. What is it? I was born 100 years ago and they was still calling her racist back then. He's amazing. He's just like a machine. He just keeps going and just keep cranking out the big bucks cranking out the big money. So anyway, the audiences attack and hanked it. I should have mentioned that too. He got a total hank because he's up there with a mental Belmont. That would have certainly screwed up thanks weekend. Here's a fact. By the way, Venice, the way, it'll be sponsored by our quick post friends Sam and there, Sam the promotions man, whose idea of promoting all these three radio stations here is to put like stuff in the background of pictures in Miami, magazine. He pointed to me to a thing here in a Ricky Martin article way in the background. If he looked closely up in real dark, way in the back there's the power 96 logo. You can't really see it except with like a magnifying glass and that's our new promotional campaign here. Oh, he's a broadcasting because it's cheap. Anyway, Venice, where will be sponsored for Sam? It's as I heard you mentioned about the people abused in Venezuela. I myself was on board with my fiance on that flight. Tell your idiots friend that who was on that flight that nobody deserved the treatment they received from events to airlines that day. He himself was probably joking on OGM McDuffie. What does that mean? He was yanked on OJ's Jack, which was also on a flight with other dolphin players. My friend was one of the randomly accused along with those mommy police officers who were sleeping in the back of the plane. The lady making the accusation had never entered the back side of the airplane until we reached Caracas, Venezuela. The she never entered the back side. She told officials to arrest the whole back side of the plane. Maybe she had an obsession with the back side. The official told her she had to pull out the accused passenger. She said then arrest all male passengers from the section to the back. Officials told her again, please relax and pull out the individuals. She said she couldn't remember randomly picked up these 11 men. Has she even bothered to take off to tell the pilot we were loaded and drunk. I believe the pilot would have handled a situation a lot better. In addition, airlines determined other passengers are fit to fly. Had events to ask for help of the so-called rocket passengers, airport police would have stepped in. Please tell your butt-looking asshole friend not to make any comment if he doesn't have all the details. Idiotic jerk is what it says here. Is what it says from in week 8. Not in week 8, ladies, but another in week 8, whose last name will say for another day. Okay, thank you in week 8. I believe you. Okay, not that I don't believe saying, but Sam has been known to be a real bull artist. You know, so I believe our friend in Rikai plus the fact that his name isn't Rikai means he can't be all that bad. Okay, especially if he looks good. Yeah, he said your full of craft Sam. He said your full of craft and that you should have been one that was in the whose go. Just that you're one of those. He stands on the inside because he's been his wife. He's lying everything. Meaning what? What is that news denying what? Is he denying that? He's an asshole. No, he admitted to that. Nine minutes past 11 at 5.50 WCM. I'm having a Friday. You wear three drugs. Three drugs. Do not have three drugs. Two two part of hate. Two two part of hate. But the longest to the highest to the smallest who my fellow Americans, I stand before you tonight. Part of growing part of expanding part of rising. I reach out line to all of you a rock solid part of a free drug. So not a free drug. Two two part of take it to a part of take it. And as that we join together and stand in the American people. Thank you. Yeah, I'm hard. Okay, 11.13 at 5.60 WCM. Here's two more pages of my fast paper being wasted by George Gets and the libertarian party in Washington. I wish that somebody maybe we just have to send them a facts back and say stop wasting our fast paper. We hate you people like force and even though sometimes we agree with that. Well, forget it. Stop wasted my paper. Why doesn't the libertarian party move to a state where they can be take over the whole state like Delaware? Some little teeny tiny place like maybe Rhode Island. And just take over the whole thing and they can live up there and do their thing and pretend that somebody cares about them. Nobody cares about them. We say just eat a body for president. When I say there's a guy that really there is a man. I'm going to tell you right now. There's one of the few exceptions in that professional wrestling that pansy thing, but there's a guy. There's somebody I really admire. If you were to come up to me right now, say who in this country do you admire today? I would tell you Jesse the body. That's the man he'd be to man. He has he knows exactly words that you know what I'm saying? Yeah, he knows how to cut through all the bull crap in the bureaucratic horse crap and the hypocritical horse crap all different kinds of oh sorry Peter horse crap. Peter's an I would do now by the way. What have I lost that fact? I want to save that one. Peter's fact that was one of my all-time favorites. How did I do with that? So much crap and so little time. When it's probably hiding under all these arbitrends here. You know the ones that we had the real bad numbers yesterday? But at least one thing around here they don't overreact. I mean they did replace the several different people on the staff after numbers came out yesterday, but they don't overreact. Corey is saving by the way. Good luck to you. Corey is starting on Monday and four buyers he's gone. Finds who we shung man who realizes that the sports world isn't what the real world is all about. You know that's the one thing I missed yesterday when I had the opportunity. All you know, you always I'm sure you ever want to burn your bridges too much especially when you're going to Fort Myers. You don't say with all the respect to our list of those on the west coast. You don't want to burn your bridges right away. But I should have asked him, you know, to express his feelings how he really feels about all the sports nerds and the sports crap because he's confided in us here that he finds it detectable and grotesque and unacceptable that there's so many of you people out there that are just lifeless and so wrapped up in this meaningless sewage garbage. So not the fact that he's branching out and going to do news over there. Maybe he'll be coming like a real news guy, you know, and talk about stuff that means something as opposed to a bunch of stupid ball games, a bunch of guys running around in tights. So by the way, how Shane Burton doing with those dolphins? I don't know what shouldn't have said that. How you doing, Shane? WQAM. Yeah, this is a new Roger show. Speaking. Yeah, this is a noble from Fort Myers. All right, how you doing? Good. Let's go to Fort Myers, hello. Hi, this is Fort Myers. I've been listening all of them ripped hand for the last day or two. Yeah, what's that all about all of us? And they turned on him like a cornered rat. I don't know, but all I know is remember back when Jimmy Johnson was leaving and everybody was crying and mowing him grown and you picked up the phone and called Hank and he had the store. No, he called us. Well, and everybody thought he was a hero. Right. And then after he does the pre-nose and the Kentucky Derby, they all call him up and telling him how wonderful he is. That's right. He's on a ABC television. He's a national celebrity ESPN ABC. He's bigger than a breadbox. Not as big as he used to be. Thank God. And all of a sudden, not a no worry. Yesterday, they last two days. They've been ripping him off. That's well, I guess not everyone got the guts to telling that when they call me back to calling up when they call me back. That's a good poem. Well, you know, most of the colors are butlickers. And then this one guy the call before, which I'm sure you must have heard the claims that he sat behind me at the hockey game. It opened up a mouth. He never opened up his mouth. And now these anonymous on the telephone. Now you open up a mouth. That's human nature. So they're all a bunch of pansies. Well, here's a vote for Hank. All right. He's doing a great job. All right. God bless you, sir. And all our good friends are piezons on the West Coast and the Clemenza family in Tessio 2. 560560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. It's easy to pick a guy when he's down. And it's also even easier to pick on a guy. What he's out of town rhymes with down. I don't know what it's all about. I have no problem with Hank. All I wish he would be there a little closer than two o'clock here. He would be good. I mean, it does make eight difference to me, but it would be better for him. You know, because I find myself as a listener when I get in the car. You know, right down there at 201, I'm in the car every day. And if the sports update ends, and Hank isn't there and we're heard at musical and on and on or we're hearing, you know, a bunch of little kids sitting around. I fight like that. Yeah. I'm saying, hey, guess what? I'm talking my CD in the play or there. And I'm not going to wait around for like an hour and a half to see his thoughts. The house is going to show up or not. But again, see that again comes back to our programming people. And of course, there are two busy making up the schedules in there and given the beast lessons and how to do a spot. Does the beast actually be court spots? Now, why do you look at me like that? He does actually do spots. I don't know just because he looks like that doesn't mean when I use him for you. He's a one. Also another than a great employee, then he does do spots. Anybody that's breathing that's on the payroll, they do spots. Well, just because he looks like a geek doesn't mean he might not have a good voice. Does he have a good voice? No. Does he do a good spot? No. Well, perfect for us then. Excellent. Don't fit right in here. He's a good guy. And what's this crap with me? You know, I got to tell you one thing about Cory. Cory Saban's a good guy. I really mean there's nothing he's gone. I mean, yeah, if he were still here, I could sit with someone's in here. But he came in here yesterday during a break when we're all saying goodbye and wishing him good luck. And it says, you know, when you've heard before you started here, everybody was all terrified that we're coming to work over on his station and given us all a bunch of crap about what a bastard you were and about all these terrible things to expect. And then when you came over here, we found out you're a great guy, you know. And then I collect this morning. I come in here and write a damn sitting here. First of all, I got my glasses off. Okay. I'm reading something in the paper. I'm flipping a few things up and like the door opened that it was guilty out there and the beast. I got news for it. It could have been Jack and Jill for all I know. Because without my glasses, I can't see who's there, so I do notice a hand. And so I wave back like, but kind of indifferently. Because I don't know who it is. Next thing, two minutes later, Donald beat Brennan is walking in there. Oh, what's the matter? You're in a bad mood today. Everybody says you're in a bad mood. I bet I better watch the way I carry myself around here because even my body language, if I like, oh, sorry, Peter, if I like fart the wrong flavor, the old geez in a bad mood today, but I stay away. You don't greet people the right way. But when do I ever have any every day? You know, I exactly the same. Every day is the same. I'm like, I'm kind of half awake. Yeah, but you need to warm up a little bit. People greet themselves a little bit more warmly here, especially in the morning show. Yeah, because they've been up for hours already. I'm just getting the cobwebs out of my head. You gotta do more than just nod. You know, you gotta like hug and squeeze. Monday's a little bit. There is a little bit of that. Okay. Yeah, at least once. Let's get serious already. When are you people are so, you're right. They're very uptight around here. Like if you don't. And the interesting part of it is talk about hypocritical. We got a whole bunch of people. Usually it's the power 96 folks who don't even speak to us. Who won't even look at us because we're like, A and people, we're not good enough for them. Much a little punks. Much a little sour punks. Okay. We can suck my fat ass. God. But the very sensitive, you know, of course they hear a lot of stuff and then they are going to have a bio-canolized saw before I came here. 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Redoodle screen list today. It's so far has been sensational, especially that one color that you wanted to blow off, which I'm embarrassed for you. That was the best color of the century. It was great. You said the Ricky Martin is looking up in the local something like that. WQAM. Hi. Yes sir. Neil Rogers, hockey god. Speaking. This is the puck. Head with the D Cup or having called you since the 96 playoffs. I need help. You have the D-1? Back of the D Cup. Yeah. Okay. How do we get the name, Stubborn, on that cup? Because any possible way? No. How about foursburg break, noon night's legs and get suspended for 10 games. That might do it. Okay. On Hank. The problem is don't hit on Hank. Oh, go ahead. I'm just kidding. Come on. Let's don't lighten up a little bit. You're, what do you sound more, but some suicidal. You must go to the color rather or a Dallas or sweet Buffalo and four. But anyway. Okay. Oh, tell my talking. There you go again. Sorry. It's from CM Hank on TV. I think. And hearing the story of him dating Miss Indiana. Even if I hear it's 28 times, I'm not going to believe it. The man, I'm sorry, but he looks like Frog has been run over, bloated with glasses. That's incredible to me. Incredible. Yeah. Just imagining him in any kind of position is very, let me ask you this. Could you imagine your parents in any kind of position? No, but no. He don't tell me stories about Miss Indiana. Oh. Well, that's a good point. Maybe they did Miss Indiana. You better go ask him. Okay, panelists. No, the answer. Maybe his parents were like a little, a Monajara quattro with Hank and Miss Indiana. Five, six, seven. I mean, they're a, this business of not being able to envision. Everybody I know, nobody could possibly ever envision their parents having sex even once, even one day, they thought of it. Just like that peeping through the keyhole thing. You know, it's a cute bit, but the concept there is so gruesome and grotesque. And most people, you see, when I was small, now maybe I'm not the only person who ever thought this. I used to think, when I first discovered what sex was all about, I used to think that sex was for me and people who look good. You follow what I'm saying? I'll be people certainly because sex was too exciting and too, whatever, it felt too good. It had to be only for me and for people who look good, which I didn't look really good, but I know I could do it. So it must be maybe I'm the exception and people who were good looking could have sex. I'll be people of course, it was not for them. She was not interesting. I was a little bit afraid of Freudian slip on the chair. See if he would have been wearing a Freudian slip, maybe the chair wouldn't have been so soil, but at any rate. See, I'm not the only person who ever thought that. I mean, most people can you actually envision like Luciano Pavrote, can you imagine him mounting Mount Everest? Anything? No. Ricky Martin, can you imagine him down there on the bottom? 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. WQAM. Pretty good, sir. I got a Mike Harvey Spire report. Who, Mike who? Mike Harvey. Mike Harvey? Yes. Who is? Who is Ricky Martin? Who is Mike Harvey? Who is Ricky Martin? Some spec. Do you get that? Okay. Who's Ricky Martin? You better get one that's your Ricky Martin is bigger than God. Jesus Moses and Charlton has to put all together. She's a gigantic. She's mammoth. She's bigger than the guy the anti-tank. She's bigger than Leo the caprio's. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a, here's somewhere. WQAM. Hello. Good morning, you know, how are you today? Great. When it was Michael, just moved there. Mike Harvey by any chance? No, no, not at all. Okay. Just moved here about a year ago to Florida and love your show. I just wanted to ask a serious question. Go right ahead. Those three boys who were captured in the soldiers in Yugoslavia. Right. They were tortured beaten and then they were sent home after Jesse Jackson did his magic. Yes. Are they, are they done with the army now? They have to go back in the term. I mean, you go into the army. It's not like you get captured as now you're done. I really don't know what happened. I know they came back and they had ticket-taped parades and they're given them a period of time to like readjust their lives. I don't know what. Somebody can call and tell us. I don't know. I'd like to know the answers to that. I mean, I mean, they should go, I mean, what happens in the historical, but it's not like you get a magic eraser that they can get out. Right. All right. That's all I wanted to know about. Somebody will know. Okay. Thanks. You'll probably know the answers. You know what? I want to go to those people and next to the phone, I don't know. Which most things I don't know. Which is why I fit in well in this time because generally speaking, no matter what you ask in this time, the answer is, I don't know. Right. So if it's imperfectly. By the way, guess I got out of Vegas just in time. Shooting in Las Vegas supermarket kills for. I guess four people took a bullet for Christ in the supermarket in Las Vegas from this X Marine speaking of the military, by the way. Zane Floyd 23, who was honorably discharged from the Marines of Campo, from the California last July and worked part-time as a bounce rate of bar. Was arrested for investigation and were to walk into a supermarket and just very casually and calmly right at the point blank range killed four employees and critically wounded one. It took the big one for Christ. As the American obsession with the shooting up everybody else just continues, it's just part of the American effort in way. And that's just the way it is. Okay. You know, like it, then you're going to have to find a civilized country live in which this is not. 26 after 11 at 560 WQM. Oh, God of fighting! What a, what a, you're wondrous. Wow. Oh, you're the media. You're the media. That's what it's like. Oh, that hits the shooting page again. Oh, you're a guy. Yo. That's what we pay for this pick. Call 50. Play it on white. So they're all. They're all together. Oh, they're all. That's what I like you know. Like that, and throw two players in the lab. Two! Go! Go! Out! Up! Back! Going! Go! Back! The Winter Repors! Walk around the region, we walked. Ainsirk, that's where you live at, on! We're the ones in T-toot and again! Stop! Whoa! Good character! Wish I was a Jedi! Bring all the software! I want to change course on this too. I was thinking about this yesterday. The Star Wars business. If you like it more power to you, who cares? I mean, yes, there was a lot of hype, but the people who are going to make the hype, they do the hype, because that's how they make all that money. If you like it, if you live in a train by it, if you enjoyed it, who cares? Great! What is everybody happy to get all so bad out of shape about it? It's like music, you know? Like George is always bitching me out because he thinks I have bad taste in music. I don't really care. I have no interest. It makes no difference to me whatsoever. You can think my taste is the worst in the world. I know something I'm still going to listen to what I like. Whether you like it or not. Show me the meaning of being alone. See, you can tell me for all the money in the world. That's a mediocre song. And I'm going to tell you it's going to be the biggest song of the year. That'll be the next single from that album. It'll be number one half. And you mark my words just like I told you over a year ago that they'd be around bigger than ever a year from now. And here's your note. Here they are with the number one album in the world. Whether you like them or not, that's not the point. The point is whatever you like, you like it. If you like vanilla ice cream, just because I say it sucks. You're not going to stop eating vanilla ice cream unless you're a lemon. Unless you, I mean, you can have a different point of view. But if your lifestyle wars you thought it was great, great. But you care what anybody else say. I never go to see a movie because the critics said it was great or bad or whatever. What do I care? I mean, you ever take a look at that gene's challenge? I thought him an Avery Schriver was the same person, right? He'd be had a big mustache that went out with Jere Kolona 50 years ago, you know? Who cares what they have to say? Now, Gene Cisco, him I did like, but of course he's dead. So I can't count on him anymore. You know, he's dead. God damn, Ebert Roger Ebert, he's still alive, damn it. Not that I was shim any ill, but like I said at the time, if one of them had to die, and we took a poll on it, I think almost everybody would've said it would've been that fat Ebert guy, you know? That bitch. But unfortunately, but again, God, you know, he works in a serious way, Jere. We got a, we can't question God because we have to take a crap or Christ or something like that. I still think that's a good idea. For example, if you're an al-Qaeda elevator and you like, you know, one seat's out, then everybody knows that it's you. Just say, hey, I just cut one for Christ, you know? Cut one for the Lord. Oh, sorry Peter, I'll Peter's an IOD again. He's on National Public Radio listening to pseudo intellectual radio. Peter, the head that great facts. Thank you, Peter. I'll keep those things in mind. All arrest of my life. WQ, I am. How you doing? Great. Good. I just wanted to make my personal comment on, uh, hang fashion. Because you know as well as I do, Neil, that these blood suckers are going to get on hang show and they're going to talk, oh, Hank, you're the greatest show in the world. And not only that, they're going to call him up on Monday. It's the old boy, Neil was your revenue. I have a rip tank at all. The colors at a ones that are, uh, all I did yesterday was say the ratings were in the crap or, and of course, I have a fuck. What are you getting defensive, Neil? I never said you did. I understand that. I'm just telling you what they're going to say. Well, I'm good. I'm good. I've seen your claims of people do that. I mean, they come on this show and they talk a lot of, you know, crap. Thank you. Yes. And Hank, Hank, okay, Hank, not exactly the most interesting person all the time, but the guy is a knowledgeable guy. Right. Sports show. Right. And then it's what the format is. And if you don't like it, turn a damn down. Right. Jeez. Well, wease. Exactly. I mean, it really does because everybody, I like Hank. And I'm going to say I agree with him all the time. But I'm not going to say you're stupid. Right. I'm right here for two hours. Bashing the dude. Yeah. I'm a man. I don't know where this came from. It sounds like a setup to me. But you know what it is? It's probably all over the, all 10 of the book Daniels people call it. And hopefully, that will blow him off the ear. So maybe she'll have a little easier ride, you know. Maybe she can get up to a one four, but I doubt it. And you're also right about, you know, a gorgeous music. I hate to tell him is, is all right, but it's not that great. Yeah. Yeah. Clock, oh, see goes is not exactly on the top 10 list. Yeah. Clock is close. Lots of see goes. You know. Crop is crap. 80s garbage. Yeah. The little weird show. Well, George, come on. I mean, how long has that been on? Oh, no. The way I'm in here. You guys always like America that are still playing and are still making. I love America. I did 180 show and you think that's my music? Yeah. Go back and listen to the best we've heard. Oh, I mean, George, I mean, I'm just talking to truth. More power. See you there. Don't bash. I don't like the music. I didn't say he didn't have the right to listen to it. He's got crappy taste and he knows it. No, I don't. Great. That's got groups selling means of albums. Exactly. No kind of interpretation of the world. How many is garbage selling? Oh, yeah. He's in the garbage is great. Come on, man. Okay, pal. Thank you very much. I think garbage sums it up well. And have a great day. Yeah, you like garbage. You have a nearly all-estry. How many? If you like garbage, more power to you. And truly mess and time. Oh, yeah. And Marilyn Manson's real hot. Just ask those two kids in the... oh, they're not a one anymore. But anyway. see if an argue about things like that's like arguing about ice cream flavors and by the way thank god to I had a perfect thatkins day yesterday I was in a row and so far this morning and thanks to my good friends at Dunkin donuts by the way at least those guys got a sense of humor all the way they see me they're terrified well what is wrong with those guys? It's not just them. No, no, but then more I have never in my life and they're not used to you yet I'm sitting acclimated. Donald B. Brennan tries to lighten them up every time I walk by them in a hall every Friday morning he comes up with some funny line and I'll always give more funny response but these two guys sit there like they're terrified like godzilla just walked down all just because I said last week that you made me a thing that was ten times too big with too much grease and I said here with a heartburn all day dying from it now this morning I had something that was a lot smaller and it was delicious it was great so thanks to our good friends from Dunkin donuts but I mean Jesus lighten up a little bit okay man I'm serious what is everybody so terrified of? thank god we got some people around here that aren't so terrified that come lost it in there and sit right down and park themselves that right in there every day like every Monday and Thursday right? That God for them. Of course those phone calls that they make those out going you know to try to prove a point we already we believe it already okay we're convinced. 20 uh you ever heard the term I don't want to say it pussy whipped 22 before noon at 5.60 WQM if you're holy Macaron this is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority you got so now it's pops and pimple then you're done for three I'm just not just what you gonna do but you gonna do when the clearance comes for you until they're jeopardized. There's a little officer here so yeah what brings you up to mind a little boat. Well we got us some reports of some pasta and then a beauty in these here part. Yes there's a guy my shame to admit that my wife Sarah exposed part of her ankle. Wow that no good hussie if I've got me a good mind put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes. Hmm well that would be a good idea but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow. Yep women there the reason we're all going to hell. Yeah. Well I gotta get back to plow on the fuse. We'll get in. I guess I'll be getting back to the barn raising here's a guy. I'm just talking to commish commish commish what you gonna do what you gonna do when the shaft will you. That's tonight on commish is completely your Dutch company. Okay 17 till noon at 5.60 WQM that's interesting you look back at last the spring that's what I want to look at. You look at that we dropped from a 6.2 in the first in the winter book to a 5.2 in the second book 10 to 3 we had a 4.8 in the first trend so it goes to show it happens every year April arbitron for some of whatever reason I think they're sampling not the judge they go back to the same people every book. So the fall and the winter they get back to our audience and then the summer and the spring it's like oh sorry Peter Peter's listening to WNBR and PR whatever that is PR now. 5.670560 pond 5.60 on the AT&T Royal Slot he wants to hear very important discussions of critical of world matters so we can solve them here on the video. Like what's wrong with the human effing race? I mean you know it's fun to debate about movies and about books and about things like that and about music and who likes this but I mean people get down right hostile and start screaming yelling you get psychotic about it if you liked it great spend your five or six bucks go out and see it have a good time and who cares keeps you out the street WQAM WQAM hello hey I want to talk to Neil speaking hey Neil how's it going today alright listen to me George is an A hole why is that okay thanks well guess it is a quick point he said he's an asshole and that was it not any particular reasons to back it up 5.670560 and pomp 5.660 on the AT&T Royal Slot how come man is don't get any calls by the way I feel so bad about that because he said to genius he said to Connor he said to a wacko he said to a maniac he said to one an abidian and he comes on his station and I know he denies it but I hear him pumping those numbers yet what was the light he kept using yesterday we got some room in the at the in here you know and he was pumping the numbers frantically and furiously even Kathy will have to have never been pumped that fast or that furiously and it wasn't working too well but then again that's the sports crowd here on QAM unless you're talking about who you're liking at the vassar which is our state day and who do you want unless it's either that or it's a very young slurder gator team as long as I live I'll never forget that call this was an adult a guy older you know old enough to know better serious he was very serious about this like this was something important that you can't you are you are you okay thanks you are you okay you can't you sounds chronic who's this this is one of the chronic could be yeah five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to well as line no chronic screenless or not okay in fact that makes it even better saves you have it a way down hold for a long time because believe me you'll be just like our good friend Andy from Hollywood when our first one or two calls this morning who's on here for what about a happy second yeah and then sends me a stupid incipit facts guess what we still hate your life boys and when I say we I mean the whole world okay Andy don't take it personally unless you want to that was probably one of his boyfriend's one we call it said you know he was sitting behind me at the hockey game because all the people I mean that the hockey game happy to be pretty nice people generally speaking except for mentioned Andy deputy Q a n let's keep rip it hang you I'll tell you what I don't like about hang go ahead you can say whatever you want pal I hope this up yesterday to find out what do you have people like here's what what they hate what they despise he's not I mean you don't have to be uh perfectly knowledgeable on every sport but if somebody calls up and debate him or has a contrary opinion to his he talks down to men yeah you don't listen to him don't you you do listen well you know what it's kind of like by the fox i'm not going to listen to the battling brok yeah but I will say this you know if you say something he'll talk down to you but I really don't care about what his father wrote sports you on 1910 who who cares yeah I mean it's like bring up stories as far as a managed goes I think to say but nobody cares about what the dolphins rookies are doing and they're underwear out there and they're in the rain and these people call literally rookies look I think we do have people in the audience who do care but they care he's are doing an underwear yeah it's kind of been it I haven't been doing do a football but they call themselves the sports station but it's only one sport yeah but video so in other words you're blaming the the the host for that how about the audience I mean they well he's guys how it is the audience because that's all the people down here know how to talk they don't know anything about sports this isn't the sports town that's why I'm telling you it's a miracle of this station gets any numbers at any time because there are no sports fans over here you're the main magnet for the ratings the main magnet right right but you know the way it is is you're just the hookman when you were there they had that fat sports slob yeah who couldn't drive 0.5 a day they might as well and that's correct and they have no money coming and they that's scrawny uh and more on the hockey moron on here with they you know he couldn't tell I mean you can't talk about the marlins because it's so pathetic there's no interest I mean absolutely I mean skin and around last thought I happened to just look at the game yeah if you're like a blank just like it's like 15 people and they weren't even bought open up the stadium for no I I don't know I I saw about a half an inning last night just by default because there was nothing on and to me to be honest with you it said 15,000 and other papers this morning I actually thought they were more than that okay I guess I'm used to seeing them completely empty stadium well maybe there was no school today so that's why it showed like a concentrated area where there actually were a few people sitting around I think what they do is they get they borrowed the cardboard from Alex Benicho the big people the audience yeah I think that's what it is okay I think I saw Alex they're okay I have a great day I'm a way to Toronto alright see ya 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line oh that guy's going to Toronto probably see him on church street so what what were you just saying there was those cool today is there is no hockey and then the lights were flashing now can we had a slowdown on the I've dairy road then sorry there mistake maybe it's in day counting there's school there's probably there isn't day but not in brown I know there's no school in brown but at any rate speak of that school zone I'm on a teddy right now I realize this is personal but I'm sure there are other people out there have the same experience I'm not a goodie too shoes I don't drive real real fast even though I got a car that'll go real fast I don't drive real slow that's for damn sure but I'm one of those people who are coming to a school zone just out of common sense not only not wanting to get a ticket but just out of common sense that there's a reason to slow down here and especially if it's not a school zone it goes on for like seven blocks some of them are ridiculous but the one there on I've dairy road is a short school zone as soon as you go under that bridge there under the overpass or over the underpass or whatever that thing is coming from the stadium there's the thing it says school in a road you slow down to 15 and it's like for a block and a half it's not a big deal and every morning of my life I come to work and I get to where in the road it says schools over it officially starts and I hit the brakes and I slow down to 15 miles an hour and some asshole behind me goes zooming around me to the right like they're in a big ass hurry and I'm thinking you mother scratching idiot and then of course they get about another you know a few yards ahead and all of a sudden they'll all like everybody else is going 15 and they have to slow down too but some of more even so I'm not just they're like leaving it out like maybe like 25 15 don't mean 25 okay you idiots god just unbelievable and thank god that the a porcours out there are doing a really great job not not never ever see the people who are doing the most ever and things like that guy on a 30 60 other day coming back from the airport nearly killed his poor bastard driving on the shoulder and Elaine that didn't exist hauling ass on the shoulder and bumping this poor guy and like flying all over the middle of the road and then like just a miracle that 10 people didn't get killed including me nice going jackass get back on your banana boat with your 85 relatives there and get out of here and let us live god WQAM I want to talk to Neil speaking hey Neil how's it going great listen I love it when you are announced that you're going on vacation because it's uh it saves me the uh the frustration of having to listen to George on a radio thanks WQAM hello hey Neil yes sir hey um same thing happens to me there's a school grown by my house that's from seven to eight in the morning and four to four thirty and the afternoon so around four o'clock four 15 I hear I come up to this school zone it's on tapestry uh and the person behind me I mean it's never felt just like you every day and they're waving their arms and when they pass you they look too like you don't so long oh really there yeah although I think like like you asshole what you swore down for yeah no I do the opposite I always give them a duty look like what is wrong with you you aberrant wall breaking piece of turban though I get it I'd like to get that soul my can't catch it because they're going for damn fast yeah hey look you know hope your kid wouldn't come out across the street there you know right and when you had mentioned about guy going through the white dinner day that you were fumbling for something right and and your right um that uh that happens to me too like the next day I was sitting in a light and I tried to track the trailer and you praise people like me you know I heard the road you should ride with me one day and uh I was ready to put a gear and shift gears man and two seconds this VF truck with the bumper hanging down just flying right through it's unbelievable with the way these people drive and I've been out here thirty seven years and I've been driving to track the trailer for the last ten of it's like these roads are unbelievable yeah I don't know where they come from I don't you know they said they pass that law with these sections I don't know if that's gone through yet because I'm going to get my car expected uh but they should bring back the regular spec right you said like they just have here not because they do that they wouldn't make too much sense they have a great day pal you're photos of blowing up on you and you know everybody's all been out of shape of course because of this uh American Airlines crash this accident they had in the little rock and nine people get killed and several other people get injured but but and I'm not that I like I told you to the day when I came back from Vegas I flew MD 80s for Vegas to Dallas and Dallas to here and I hate those planes hate them but I feel a hell of a lot safer every time I get into plane than I do in my car that and I would not even close not even a contest I'd rather be in a commercial uh jet any day of the week flying to anywhere than driving on the roads of this town no contest because there are a lot of crazy people out there and they're like uh they're stone they're uh they're clueless they're a stupid they're all of the above and uh they're driving that's Florida for you baby they're driving there are a hundred years old they're uh period over the steering wheel they're blind they're deaf they're done they're driving and the reason that it happens is because like everything else in the state nobody cares you know that it's kind of like QA and we're kind of like the epitome of the state of Florida nobody gives a crap so whatever goes down that's what happens and uh and that's it you know and then everybody rings their hands and talks a lot we're gonna do this we're gonna do that which they never do and it just continues to go on and it continues right in speeding tickets on hiatus road etc. 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line and by the way speaking of hiatus road if you cops out there and plantation wanted to do all my good friends out there lot do something constructive how about sitting a little bit closer off the side of the road to the intersection of sunrise and hiatus i'm a south side of it there and nailing those bastards who keep running the light and endangering all of our lives i'll tell you one thing here's my advice to anybody that travels in that area you better count to one and a two do a little Lawrence Welch when you get to that stop light okay when it turns green for you one and a two and a three and look both ways before you even think about hitting the gas because that is suicide alley that intersection right there and they just come running a myth i never even would dream a go on through there unless i've looked both ways and make sure that these assholes have stopped they figure you know the lights red but they're like fifty yards away it gives them a good running start to beat the light even though it's been read for two seconds murderers that's what you are you're a bunch of murderers that's what you can do a m I like to be able to speak in yeah yes sir i got a theory everybody down here thinks they're a NASCAR you're driving ninety five they don't just pass you right become right up in your bumper and they go right around you like the right mania yeah and if people these kids nowadays these are cool it's in these cars the seats all the way back with that's what it's got to be done to the back right unbelievable drive me crazy hey listen i'm coming home from the track the other night on Wednesday night and i get you know i'm coming east west on sunrise and there's a couple of kids teenagers in the car next to me and they uh that's probably a cellar car or something like you know some marginal car and we get to the stop light in the course of the in the my ninety nine vent i take off and i'm fifty yards up the road ahead of them so now and i'm going fifty two fifty three on sunrise which is a little more in the speed limit but not crazy they come rolling up behind me and go flying by they're going like ninety to prove how hot there and they're in a solica for crying out loud what do they have to prove to me i can go ninety two and they're like flying so we get to the next light and again light turns red i take off i'm fifty yards and they pull the same crap again and i'll say i've been doing trams i went from their speakers right i am so impressed i can't begin to tell you how impressed i am i don't see people are jerks man it's driving crazy thanks a lot good luck pal and i even assholes behind the wheel of cars that's our topic this year this century assholes and cars it's picking assholes by the way i don't want to tell you it's warm in here but i'm shitting up a storm that's how warm it isn't here i'm going to take a look myself i must be me seventy three point five it's beautiful and it's what it's okay and here yeah it's okay it's just it must be me i'm what is it oh i think i'm not going to have to go home four minutes before noon it's five sixty w q a and you know king jacits away I'm so white and you and you friend Oh Now we hear him say he's thinking about going to my amin they think they'll blend in Go back Go back Go back to hell and you move me low Go back Go back to hell and you move me low Go back to hell We're going to the next door, all of them don't forget to go for a deal I can't see anything I'm firing at Oh, what you say to me you whass I did go away I've been paving your water there What made it fun? I've got to wait with this Ooh Ooh You're a little bit more You don't have to You're a little bit more You're a little bit more You're a little bit more You're a little bit more You're a little bit more You're a little bit more You're a little bit more You're a little bit more You're a little bit more You're a little bit more I'm not going to get my water but we're welcome in me That's my boo It's 12.02 at 5.60 WKM We've got mad dog man Yeah For hank to the 6th of 7 I sure hope we get some calls You know I mean it's got before that was rippin Manage I don't get it I mean I realize it's more fun Rippin everybody me included whoever you want That's more fun than asking at least I don't like asking boring But Rippin mad dog man did Chemine let's get serious That's like Rippin the Lord That's like Rippin Jesus And Moses and Madeline O'Hairl Well she and doing to good Here's the fact it says with all the respect The hank the only problem I have with him is that he's Conceded at times I'm not going to get how about the name dropping Does that bother anybody? I love hank but I mean the name dropping I could live without you know I was having breakfast with Ron Fraser this morning But you know I know Ron Fraser And I've had many meals with Ron Fraser over the years Well it's longer go back in my view of I'm working in baseball days But I don't run around saying you know back in Omaha Ron Fraser and I were having dinner one night And skip her and we'll sit at the end of the table And he said you know You don't want to say that I do find a little bit put offing Does that search your word is off putting Anyways, I'm not going to give any examples Because I don't want to add to the bashing Especially when he's out of town Hank is very knowledgeable and insightful I particularly enjoy his discussions during football season Recently I've been tuning to Power 96 That concludes the review show What does that mean? Oh, it's not football season In addition to you I know you're not very fine of cruise ships No, but in two weeks I'll see all of the Caribbean I too will lose money to casino But it's one year or so why not? Finally George is not an asshole He's pleasant to listen to while you're gone Have a great weekend Mike There you go Nice going Mike, good facts He's the kiss and everybody Although it's a little peculiar Hank is very intelligent and insightful But it's two o'clock he turns to Power 96 Oh, well we like that For the two kids Yeah, I like that a word power 96 My best post personal friend, Kid Curry Who said by the way that Anna squeaked it have a big ass And also said that in the UK It glaces loves me like you wouldn't believe Hey, he said somebody brought up Howard's a name of the to do He said you that part of it and he got in sense They got up and just hunt out on his lights out And spat in his post and said, are you crazy? Howard couldn't lick nails uh Black dome right? Had a boy and Rieke got a stand up for your man sweetheart I'll see you about 730 How come I never get to meet any of these people You know, oh, they're always big fans from a distance They always keep their distance Oh, if your mom wouldn't keep screwing up the deal that they try to do Oh, it's not a hockey, he's not interested in slam Yeah That the worst that's the worst thing in my life You know, I mean I appreciate my mother comes and takes through the dogs When we're going on vacation, that's very nice It's wonderful. I don't know what I would do without her But she makes decisions, you know, like She's like the editor not who's to make First she kills your dog But I would tell her she's already in I'm sure that one of these days will come back from vacation She's like, oh, you know, the dogs weren't looking to go I had my dogs put to sleep What do you mean your dog? Well, you know, yeah They weren't looking to go They were kind of a pain in the ass and so, you know, they're sleeping with the fish Is not But you know, it's how clean the house is You see that nice plant in the other room Your dogs I had put to sleep But how do you like the way I, you know, I would you sure it's Stuff like that you don't know what's going on in your house Because that's right. I don't know what's going on in my house But to think within the weekend, Secretary calling my house The person who invited me to his concert and in the weekend Sitting right there next to the Secretary and my mother's Oh, I don't know what this is about, but if it's not about a hockey He's not in prison, she slams the phone down Is that incredible? WQAM Hello Yes sir How you doing now? Great I smell it, I was skipping to the channels I happened to run into a channel set on which I never watched Oh, yeah Rick the pork or santa is sitting there Talking about how they have the exclusive on the home That OJ is looking at in my hand Oh, great You know, it makes me sick man They still give this asshole so much attention They have nothing better than doing channel 7 Then go through every house that he's been looking at He's an asshole Okay, thanks for the good news sir Now exploiting the hysterical That's what the media does It's all they do including CNN and Fox News Network And MSNBC especially That's all they do is take the exploit and exploit They're loving it Every time there's a mass murder They just they're crumbling from it They're rubbing their hands together from it And then they go on there and they do to fully put on a big act like Oh, this was so horrible And they're a dignity and outrage They're loving it They're squeezing it WQAM Hello Yes sir Uh, OJ did you hear on the OJ move OJ what Which is mentioned Did I hear one? Considering to move to coconut growth No, yes, got kicked out of Winston He'll believe the name of it was Did I let him in? Yeah This is a mighty call Okay, thanks He's considering moving the rob that's a bullet, isn't it? No No, we had that on what about 10 weeks ago It is getting warm and here's not just me It's just clammy in here It's clammy It is, it's not comfortable in here I don't want to stop complaining too much But I wear anyway Even though Greg Reid is wife hates me like poison That was a very, I learned a lot here yesterday That was good I'm glad that that Hulio guy I'm a good, I'm a megalot there Called in giving me the low down It's a Greg likes you but it's why he hates you like poison I really care because the last guy I worked for Buddy what packs and his wife hated me like poison too And then they paid me off seven months not to work anymore So let's see I got what three years and how many months left on this deal That sounds good All right, I'm counting it already Don't be so stupid Who will you QAM? I come back to my rectum Who will you QAM? Who will you? Yeah, Tony voice Who will you QAM? Hello I will come from God for taking four miles Yes sir How's it going? Great A little comment about Mad Dog See this is good We don't have to put you on a hold and mop your offone bill That's exactly right I appreciate it A little comment about Mad Dog I think he's very entertaining But I believe that the NFL still pulls his puppets strings I mean he just spits out exactly what the NFL higher up Say every day and all the coaching I think it's a conservative organization And I just don't agree with a lot of the things they think about I so believe it For instance, you know five ten years ago He was on her top to have a player play both ways You know, and now I think five ten years ago There were a lot of players that went both ways Yeah, more ways than what I did But today that they're drafting people because of that You know can't barely and you got your deal of standards clones Yeah You know and and But why are you debating that with me? I mean I don't I really couldn't care less So we were making comments about it It's a different person No, no that's about Mandage But I mean I don't want to give them the specifics of what you disagree about You know you can debate that with him Well, I disagree with his impact He seems like a NFL Schillers that what you're trying to say Maybe Okay, okay, thank you Have a great weekend So God bless you I have to stop right now Good, he'll be here to a clock debate that was him I helped him. He'll be glad to debate with these I want to those guys that slams the phone down on you right away And bitches you out and cousin carries on Even though we did go to Michigan and spite of that he still listens He's still a kind of guy can have a discussion with not like my good friend at The captain that slams the phone down if you look at him cross-eyed Oh and by the way I forgot to mention that yesterday When did I leave the track I get in the car and he took a He's on with his gambling show the very first caller Talk about a psychic vibration says is it true that you were a play with yourself How many of your wives are you on and it says why he says yeah You mean you said that you and he were lovers gay lovers I got news for okay, Ed's a good guy, but anybody ever see Ed Come on, you're a great guy, but give me a little bit of credit 9 minutes after noon at 5.60 WQM Get the captain on the far free You Why Why Why We go now We're in our computer to all eyes Why Tuesday We go down Everybody We go down Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody We go down If you believe it's the end of your world And see the market Ratchet of the The The Football painted five sixty w two a minigame Dave Cuba policy threatens event here something new in original The July 9 to 11th Junior Pan American Games track and field championships at FIE are a jeopardy being moved or canceled if Cuba decides to compete The Miami date commission recently opposed any direct or indirect county support to sporting events including this summer's track and field championships If Cuban athletes participate In der Cuba sports Federation as until June 25th to decide whether it will compete Controversial decision could also affect soft voters bid the host to 2007 Pan American Games and Florida's bid the host to 2012 Olympic Games How do you like that? Dave County is effectively ruined any chances of hosting a major international sporting events in Robin Beeman executive director the USA track and field Florida association This will have ramifications throughout the US Olympic Committee and international climate or athletic association This will have ramifications for the US period. How do you like that? As one more time, this is a sterical attempt to keep pantering to a bunch of people at one 11th of the stage and all by the way I forgot to mention last week and I'm glad that I did. Did you see the pool on CNN? I forget what the number was but a very significant number of how the highest percentage ever favor opening diplomatic relations with Cuba. Oh, how do you like that? I'm sure they obviously not taken in big count. 560 560, palm 560, on a mobile one line. Well I'll tell you what, let's start jamming up the streets. Okay, and block it traffic. Thanks for the good news. Your buddy again. Well he's persistent. All he never gets on the plane was that because something bells crazy. I'll forget about him right now. No, he didn't. What? They're working on it. They do late. Good. 560, palm 560, on a mobile one line. WQAM. The best part of it that's come back. Okay. Okay, that's it. Okay, so I guess we can play my music now including. You're still there. Merricka. Back before. You're still crying. Go back to the garbage. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Well, which music that you like, isn't garbage? I'm sorry. WQAM. WQAM. Play the world clerk in a case. In there we go. Now we're out of material. Okay. You can always tell. We made two and a quarter hours today in a Friday and a lifeless that asked to. Which isn't all that bad. But you can always tell the exact moment at which they have just, oh, sorry, with all apologies to Peter right there, the fact that they've just went out of material. Isn't that something, huh? Market done on our, we're keeping track of these things. Two hours and 17 minutes today that they actually were able to keep it up. WQAM. That's the new nail. Yes, sir. I'm going to call and all day that phone rings and hangs up and I'll find a minute to prove. Here's the upshot on hand, if I may. Yes. First of all, something he had no control over. I don't think he does. Is the format of that show the first thing you don't need 20 minute updates for a while. Especially like on a Wednesday afternoon. Right. Everyone, what the hell is going on? Whoever is responsible for that format leads to lobotomy. Putting those long updates so they can repeat the obvious and the, oh, I mean, there's nothing going on. It's like slapping the audience in the face. It's like inviting people, please tune out because we're testing your endurance. It's like an endurance contest. I mean, at the end of the same thing in New York, but they also have shorter breaks and they have another break between updates. So you're gone for maybe three minutes instead of 12. Yeah. But that's just ridiculous. What a whole minute break, especially on an AM station on any station. I guess he just got an unfortunate. He doesn't know where I'll fall with him to. Yeah, to call or while back to saying how knowledgeable Hank was, please wrong Hank is not knowledgeable. Hank has sources and ways to acquire information is a big difference. And if you ask him a general information question about this guy in what record he may have said or what do you think these players are going to do for this certainty? He doesn't have a lot of general information, but he does have a lot of sources to get some information. And there is a different. He's not a real knowledgeable fourth guy at all. I mean, he'll just throw some. Well, then he should fit in perfectly in Miami. Exactly. I mean, he'll throw some crap off the top of his head and just by the answer. I'm like sitting extremely in my radio like you're wrong. Number two, as far as Hank is concerned, is he's always real, real distracted when he, I mean, he'll be talking to somebody on the bottom. I mean, you're on hold forever. Then you get through and someone comes walking through the little things. He's looking at him and talking to him. He'll also pour a sweat on the phone and he's trying to get his point across before he gets hung up on. And he can't because Hank is not really listening to what he's saying and not really paying attention to the caller. Finally, you have to think of driving on that. It seems to be the whole ambiance. I found it very interesting that now that I'm working on the station and I'm inside the building. And Hank is usually on the outside, but nevertheless, it's kind of like a, I don't know how to describe it, but there's all kinds of people wandering around and like yesterday when he was busy doing the, the, the, the, Belmont draw or whatever he was doing the beginning of the show and there's a whole bunch of punks on here and running around and I don't know what to call that, you know? Yeah, he just, he's more and more concerned with what he's going around around him. Who's there who you can wave to who you can talk to? And again, you're on hold for ever trying to get through different fact your hard talking to him. Yeah, it sucks to be not paying attention to you. The thing that drives me like, makes me the most aggravated and I do listen to Hank. I'll be some, every minute. Nothing else on the listen to the time thing. Is this like you can't fight his own battle, his board officers producer, whatever they're called, will hang up the phone and will cut his call short on him. Yeah. Is that a happy oftentimes for a show he's like, well, where do you go? Why? Did you want to stick around and have a conversation? And Hank's thinking that the caller hung up is a little pea-grating, shmuck of a board off, and hanging up the phone because he's determining that the call is over, not Hank. Yeah, but not necessarily. And a lot of times Hank will say dump it, but you don't hear it on the ear because then they get to dump it. And then him say that doesn't get on the ears. So there are also a lot of times where he'll say, well where did he go? Yeah, what are you going to do with it? They are very protective that crowded in there. They're very protective because they, you know, they like your job. The format is, you better say what you want to say, because once you stop in Lenin, like I like to kind of reply to Hank reply, and you have a thing with mandatory letters that you don't get a chance to, you know, they'll respond to what you have to say, but you want to maybe further your point. Or maybe just agree with him, and it's like, thanks for calling and you're just dead caught right off. Yeah. And it just, uh, kids stop, no parole, stuff. Okay, I don't want one last thing. Yeah, I told you, you are in on Lenin last week, and everybody doesn't realize it's got the pickle puff or something wrong. Okay. Have a good one. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I'd definitely been blind. I told her a lot of stupid people out there. You know, there were people used to debate. I wondered, liberal actually was gay. And I mean, like that's a debatable point. No. The hell's wrong with people? I mean, I always thought Truman Capote was pretty books, but other than that. 560, 560, 560, 560 out of mobile one line. It's just, uh, you got to understand it. And I've got a lot of straight people out there. Very stupid. I hate to break the news to you, but there are a lot of really very naive. I mean, every now and then I run into somebody says they never saw glory hole. They don't even know what it is. And I say to myself, when I hear that, Jesus Christ, talk about living a cloistered existence. These are the same people I want to preach to. I want to get on their knees. They do it. And I think they're going to be praying. WCWA and hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Top of the morning to you, my friend. And back to you, sir. I just want to say that I always get a kick out of you. Your fantastic talk show. Ray, Tony, you know. He used to, uh, a maven, yes. Yeah, but you know what it is. You're a little bit of a bucket tour. Your listeners make me laugh too. enacted. Okay, and can you tell me how this happened. So we're working on this. First time we tried my phone on the cinema, ll because the phone said she was calling me for 35. Much less anne than Juan Bernard III. It was recipes and every 4 factors. But we're trying my own good things don't do much. Of being alive in terms of lifestyle. It's possible toDI even though you're not using it. That's it. Have a wonderful weekend. Yeah, but we want them listening 24 hours a day. Believe me, it helps the bonus money. Yeah, a lot of losers in this town. OK, thanks. Thanks for the news. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. It's a screenless Friday. It's still a little on the media. Okay, so we did great till 12, 17. Mark that down. We have a lot of people out there who are keep track of these things. Guys who have our totally lifeless and coolest. Have we had a woman today? No. Anybody in the audience had a woman today? How about a call? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 50, 50, 50, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. QA and hello. Hello, Mexican male. Speaking. Neo, I've got a mad dog. Sorry, we've won that as far report. Something he said about name dropping. Some are on a bad spiel. I just heard you say talk about Ron Frayser. I tuned in late, but their dog told the story about how he and Hank were at my nearena. And there's sitting down low. That's Nick was walk by. And then Hank saw him and goes, hey Jack. Jack Nick was turned around, physically, and just kind of gave a little way to him. Yeah. And the next day, Hank showed he goes, I was talking Jack Nick was like, yeah. I'm forward lowered. But I like Hank. I do I really enjoy him. He enjoys that. He's part of the ambience of the show. And the audience loved his suck up, do you know? Yeah, I don't get so many chances to call you or Hank. But every month's a while I try and. But I enjoy both the show. Thank God for you, sir. Thank God for what happy listener. Thanks. Okay. Yeah, I was having dinner with him. We came glaciers last night. And he said, you know, that's Sam. When you know some people lay the live fantasy kind of a life. You know, things happen and you kind of embellish him a little bit. Then they actually after the passage of time, they start believing these things. Double Q.A.M. Yes, sir. Did I have a conversation with the new? What is it? Have a conversation with the new? Speaking. Excuse me? This is Mr. Neal. This is a radio station. This is Mr. Neal. On Q.A.M. Yes. Right. I have a studio Roger show. Yes. Excuse me? I said, how you doing? Pretty good, you know? Good. Yeah, so I was just thinking, you were talking about, um, did you mention the sports today? Did I mention one? Sports. The sport? Right. You was talking about, um, damn arena, right? No. I'll get that one. Sorry about that. Okay. All right. Oh, oh. See, I knew I was in trouble as soon as he said I was thinking, because I knew that he was exaggerating. 1226 at 560 WQA.M. But I don't know. Is it me? Because it's not really all comfortable in here. It's not hot, but it's clammy and sticky. How about a dehumidifier? Well, that's a good. Did they make a lot of noise? Not a lot. That would be good. You know, I bet you we get the courts going along. I want it like the dry air. Uh, and that's what you're nose with your son. It doesn't make it bad. That's why I would mind having scabby bloody boogers is compared to be feeling like hot and clammy. That's how I feel here. I feel I'm shrips in here and I'm not a schkitty person. I might say, well, I'm a little tired. I'm still around. No, I don't think we need the fan. It's already almost 1230. But the fact is, it's not, uh, this isn't right. This isn't good. And that's what happens when you try to do everything the cheap way. The beasley way when you try to nickel and dime. Because I don't want to see who was the totally this morning because he's terrified for his job. But he was telling me about all the different scrubs in his building and the contracted that a half-assed horrendous grotesque unacceptable job. And when you get a real cheap ass contractor, somebody get a bunch of people in here. Don't know their ass from their elbow. Uh, you pay cheap. You get cheap. You get crack. And that's, uh, you know, like I said, we don't care about too much. But these kind of things like the comfort factor. That's where we draw the line. Then I do care. I like it. Cool. Whether Greg Reid's wife likes it or not, I like it chilly, okay? In fact, that's the kind of treatment. A lot of people get for me kind of chilly. There's a message in there somewhere. I'm just a rotten guy. Okay. Don't take it personal as you want to. I'm just an unfriendly nasty guy. 26 past known as 560 WQM. 30 trucks. 423. All right. I'll be rolling with a truckload with a 80-1 speed. That's it. You're a people. And if I have to bus get half I guess they are easy to use. That's it. You're a decent man. I'll get to that city. I don't even serve with. It's a rampant club on Ruby Pire Nadia. There are no road to crack city to the floating nightclubs. Yeah, I'm going to crack city. Have me spare the non-run. When I go to crack city in a new time jump. I never go to crack city. Without crack in my blood. Yeah. Gee, dark, full pair of free. Paaah. You know that every now and then. I still some crack to go wide to you. That's it. There are people. Some with buck on the intersection working for free food. That's it. There are people. Reload, peace and power. The trouble has to be with no with no. And did not get on the wishes. She must have made her dead home. Home. Home. Home. Yeah. Gee, cold, you're a great city. And I go to film a crack. You can go into crack city. You can count on that. I've been going to crack city. And last my rap. I've been going to crack city. Because I've been bad again. To the so-and free pie. That's it. Oh, that's the big beat of it. Oh, no, he's house-backed. You mean you did people get so? It's not. It's not. It's not. So, for the $53.50, oh, what is it? $56.00. Sometimes I can see you, especially when I play this bit. Upgrading to a first class spine, it says. Routy Passengers take notes. Senator Harry Reid Democrat and Nevada. It reduced to build a raise the penalty for bad behavior. Boardaire or crack from $1100 to $25,000. $25.00. $25.00. Those found guilty. It also be banned from flying for a year. Read noted that on one airline. Incidents involving unruly or violent passage are sore from 296 and 294 to 921 in 1997. The measure now hits to the commerce committee where it hopefully will be defeated. You're what I said. Hopefully be defeated. Why? Because I don't, I think it's a miracle that there aren't more unruly people on planes. Because the way that they treat you like cattle and the way that they lie to you and the way that they're indifferent and don't give a crap about you. It was unacceptable. It's amazing that we're all like cattle and sheep. And we also did very doodily as they continue lying and lying and lying. Oh, we got a slight delay. We'll be lying in 20 minutes. Which usually means about an hour and a half. They lie. Like crazy. And they give you crappy food and they don't care about your comfort. And a lot of times they got in air all of a sudden, they're cuts off. And you're seeing they're spitting your brains out like you're working at QAM. I'm not saying that people ought to be unruly, but it's just the idea that they dish out a lot of crap. And it's just the way it is. That's the way it is. WQAM? Yeah, I'm speaking. I want to speak to Neil? I'm speaking, yes. This is WOD. No WQAM. I'm sorry WQA. I won't say WOD. What about a product when you say that? Oh, yeah, let's think about OJ. Okay. Go ahead. This is my Neil. Yeah, it is. Lifetime I check, it was just like me. Is it? I look straight down. I saw a very, very small penis in my spimming. Oh, Neil, Neil. I mean. Now you know it's me, yeah. You know, I'm OJ. He's a murderer. I understand that. Right. You know, he comes and comes. Yesterday everyone pretends, you know, like an alien. Just landed down. He's a killer. I understand that, but we've got to realize he has to kill. Yeah. Bruce wait to his kids, you know, become adults before we just start. We understand. People wish to start. You know, leave a metal alone. We've imposed kids. We don't. We want to leave him alone. All we want to do is go live someplace else. That's all. We're willing to leave him alone. I don't give a screen. I don't want to live in the neighborhood. But if white food, the black woman, I would be. I wouldn't think of this. It would even be, you know, brought up. Why not? Do you think so? Of course. Because he's a big celebrity. It had nothing to do with whether she was white. It was because he was a famous jock. You know that. I understand that. I understand. But you got these people in less than being based. They don't want them in their community. You probably got more murderers and cracked dealers and everything else they're living. And this is in less than. There's cracked dealers in western. You got more and more of us. You got all kinds of things. Yeah. Correct. I don't know. I don't live in western. Okay. Why don't more? I'm not going to have more food. When the car pops. Kill innocent black. You don't hear this. I think ESC sir, you're getting your trapped in this mindset of comparing things together. Always like, well, how come you're not equally pissed off about this? Those of us who, first of all, Rodney King didn't get murder. Okay. He's still walking around. He got a big multi-million dollar settlement in the lawsuit. And he's still walking around. It was a grotesque, horrible unacceptable thing. And those of us including white people were outraged and nauseated. Just like we were nauseated with a cop in New York. It's probably going to get life in jail. I think that I wanted to stuff the broom handle up the Asian guys. But we were, I hate to break the news. The fact is, equally, outraged whether the victim is black or white or anybody else. Civilized people don't accept barbaric activity. Whether the victim is black or white. Just like people were outraged over the lynching in Texas. Okay. So why can't you deal with this? Oh, I've been found the fact that it's black. I know two. Two. Two. Right. So let him move the North Dakota. Okay. Put some watermelon on the bus and send his ass to North Dakota. Okay. What about the watermelons? Let's write each McDonald's. Put some big max on a bus. In fact, he deserves big max. Okay. It'll kill him that much faster. Right. Let's pack up a big gift package from McDonald's and give it to OJ. And maybe we can even have, you know, we'll be the bus driver. Roy. Wow. And of course, you know who that means is going to have to be on a bus. I'm sorry. 22 before noon at 5.50 WQMF. You're scared. That's a lot. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Because she can't do that. I'm sorry. They say whose conjugal doing it up and And my voice chutes his bleating Without a nun. No. No. No. We're going to go without you. We're going to go without you. We're going to go without you. We're going to go without you. That's a pinack from there, dad. Why you take your breath away ... Why you take your breath away ... Fucking bitch, why you take your breath away ... We're going to do ... We're going without you. I won't love I think that's a full point that is who you think is got a better body. Jeff Poppowitz, your Pamela Anderson Lee, it's called 43. Is that before or after? Call 43 at 5.60 WQM, we got Jim Madden. Yeah! Two o'clock this afternoon. Maybe Jim will get some calls today, I sure hope. You sure deserve that, but you know, that's the way the audience is. They're a bunch of hard asses. You know, they're for anyone to actually know something. And then at 6 o'clock we got talking baseball with Donald B. Whatever his name is. I mean, what is that? Donald B. Brennan, is he trying to be like the weather guy? Maybe he's kind of Joe Brennan. He had nothing to do with that. Who did? Who made that up? The first team. Which Ojo and Provocator, and so, well, probably Defoe, I saw Defoe. Defoe, Defoe, Defoe, Defoe, Defoe, Defoe, Defoe, Defoe, Defoe, Defoe. No, by the way, remember what I told you about how they feed cord to the cattle to fatten them up? This is what happened to Defoe since he met Steve Nickel all of that corn and look what's happening. Wow. You can call him Don Brennan. You can call him Johnny B. You can call him Asso. He doesn't give a credit. Okay, Donnie B. There's nothing wrong with Donnie B. It sounds like, you know, it's like who Donnie B, you know? Does anybody know? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. He's a good guy. He's got like kind of a cornball sense of humor. They rubbed off from Defoe, but nevertheless, he'll be here at 6 o'clock. 6, 30. We got to pregame 7 o'clock. It's the Marlins over on a West Coast to play Tampa Bay. Any interest in that? Oh, and that's a big match up, huh? Two sizzling teams. Who are you QAM? Hello? Yes? I wanted to speak with you. Speaking. I just wanted to ask you a quick question, but first I wanted to say that I love this show and I did some really boring stuff here at UN and you really helped make the day go. You're in U.M.? Yeah, yeah. I want to go and switch off kids. We don't ever get any calls from. I was thinking about that. Come on to work this morning. I can't remember the last time I had a call from anybody at UN. I'm believable. And I didn't see that. Okay. Yeah. Well, you know, I'm not one of those rich people. What a shame. Always good to know rich people. Well, I had a quick question for you. Sure. I was actually as born in Detroit and a huge hockey fan and a huge, huge red wings fan. What about the port and you know Dick? Actually, I don't when I just started following them a couple years ago. No, no. He's not a hockey player. He doesn't morning show in Detroit. Oh, well, I had to live there in a couple years. So, you know, unfortunately, after one year. I mean, he's only been on the air for like 30 years in Detroit, but he won't take it personally. Oh, sorry. I'm sure my brother would know him, but I'm sure. And brother probably knows Dick. I'm very unfortunate since I didn't know anything about hockey. But I wanted to say that, you know, I'm fighting myself at a loss because I really can't stand. I think the teens are less than a player. Right. I would agree with that. Especially as Claudia when you and his son are a bunch of cloudy or lowmur. Yeah. You know, the obvious, cloudyest movie when his brother, Dick, is Dick is right. Yeah. It's just not the various pale overseas. Uh-huh. And that Patrick Frogs. Oh, please. Can't stand them. You know, shaking his tail. Right. Yeah. He does. He's got, in fact, they were trying to say he's got the Tourette syndrome. They were trying to say that one night, and then he thought out they were wrong. But they were trying to make an excuse for the fact that he's just the spastic. Oh, it's ridiculous. He's just, every time the camera's on him, which is an off-in-beast. Oh, he's shaking around. He's shaking it. Yeah. Yeah. It's ridiculous. But I can't stand them. You know, and Dallas isn't much better than that. No, but that, what I'd bread hall, all I can't stick to. Oh, I don't think I will. That's what I do. And I can. The coach of there is that Alfred Hitchcock, oh, I can just despise that, came. Yeah. They're so boring. They're the one the most. They had a great record, but you just watched them, and you could've watched it. And paint dry. Just a boring as team. Well, the best thing was last year when stupid city of Dallas hung that banner. They were playing them with champions, and then, you know, to try it happily. Yeah. Not that was great. But, you know, and then you got, Bob. I'm telling you that Eddie DeBiegle, you'll see, he'll, those choking gagging signs. They're talking to big game now, but you'll see when it comes. Push comes the shove, he'll let it in the real greasy one. You'll see. He always does. They're fighting to be easy. We always let it in the greasy one. Well, the thing is I'm hoping that he rasted through Colorado, because I think that there's a worse of a three. Yeah. But then what do you do? Because... Well, what was the ritual for Buffalo? I mean, I don't want to, you know, hate buffalo just because they beat my police. I mean, that's that thing's like 100 years ago now. We like Buffalo. We got stewed barns and Jason Woolly and Lindy rough to coach all these ex-panthers on there. Red Warner. Well, yeah, you have to love that. That's not a patchock. Yeah, well, him and he's going in train. Yeah. Yeah. And he's overacting, yeah. Well, you know, I promise that. Let's go for the favors. What do you say? Should we roof for Buffalo come on? I, I, but they keep dies. You come with him to see. Yeah, very simple. Well, I understand they sound of Greg Lucene is for the final round. Sorry. I was wondering if you were them. You know, I'm probably going to root for Buffalo. But I was wondering if you think that a chance. No. No chance. What do you think? Who ever wins the West? We regardless. So, which I'm hoping for Colorado? I don't like Cloud. I'm a European aircraft, but I'm pulling for Colorado. I find Dallas to be very just terminal pondress. In addition to which they play on that horrible ice there, it's like, like I said, like watching Patre, it's like playing a hockey game on Quick Sand there in Dallas. Oh, tell me. It is. It's the worst. Well, they're there tonight. You think that a car was going to play better? I think they're going to pull it out. And I don't forget that they're playing on the road. They stick at home in the playoffs, but on the road they're almost unbeatable. Oh, gosh. Well, I appreciate your opinion. Okay. Good. And have a good luck to the Occains. I think they know. Wait a minute. Do you know Jeff Poppaw? What's his name? I'm sorry. You're a pop of it. You know him? Yeah. He's a real smart kid. You're biking is very attractive. He's a model. He's a pop of it. No, he knows he is. He doesn't believe me. He's an ever-crabby and fish catalog. He's got an identical twin brother, Doug. Really? He's a couple of different types of those. Some are ever-crabby and fish catalog. You don't, personally? Oh, actually, I do. He's from Arizona. Yeah, he's a biomedical engineer. He's by? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they're because for both sections. That's the one he's got. Right. Well, check him and his brother up. Oh, okay. Okay, yeah. There's somebody that knows Jeff Poppaw for whatever his name. Oh, you're like that. What did that pop it off? 560, 560, 560, 560, I'm the one watching that. Somebody from the U of M. Boy, I could knock me over with a feather duster. And they don't believe it. She says he ought to be a model. That's how good he looks. He is a model sweetheart. He's in the ever-crabby and fish catalog. A summer edition. He's in there right now. That's fucking bit. Yeah. The ever-crabby and F. and fish catalog. He's in there with his twin brother. Hang in from the tree like Tarzan with his big, what is not big with his back-home. Shapely recommend hangin' out. Which, uh, and they don't want to believe me. Go down a day land. You even have to buy the catalog. Just look at the cover, okay. And there he is. There is your number 38 on the hurricanes. I'll tell you if they all look like that. I'd become a york. A cane fan and no time at all. I'd be at every game. I did the only one, but I'd be there with my pom-poms. Q.I.M. Hello. Hi, I like to speak to you. Speaking. Oh, no. I can't believe this. It took me 10 years to get the grotto cahomies. I actually call you. Right. But I actually did. Well, better late than never. You know, I'll tell you the truth. Um, the first time I seen you was at Benzons about 10 years ago. Right. And I remember saying to my friend, you turned me on you. Man, this guy's not going to make it a week. Yeah, I was in bad shape. And you were in this tent. It was so hot and you saw a guy. Right. We were signing off a back of paper plates and dollar bills. Yeah. No picture cards because the person was doing such a great job about promotions. One thing about me, I've worked on stations that have the worst most incompetent, most impotent promotions people. You'd ever want to see in your life. Well, this is funny. Like this one. This is such an honor to talk to you. Um, 34 years now. I did my sentence in North Miami and my sentence is up to June 30th. I'm moving out. All right. Where are you going? Actually north of you and west sunrise. Oh, I thought you were what you said. You move. I'm moving out. I thought you were talking about to like a civilized place somewhere. Compared to where I've been living. Anything is civilized. Yeah. Well, another 40 years you'll be old enough to live like right in the middle of sunrise. All the things I've seen here. I don't care. Well, anyways, including remember you were talking yesterday. Somebody called you about geniuses and trash. Right. You remember that? Uh-huh. Well, the only thing I can say is that I choke mine every day. So I'm a hated. And don't throw it in the trash. Fine. Okay. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile alone. He's choking it. And of course, these people that were weapon-hanked before you know, it's interesting. Except for one or two who said that they tune out, you know, a two o'clock, which there may be a few of those people. But what they accepted of those, you notice that the other ones do listen every day to the Hank Old Bruce Show. You do notice that. Don't you? Of course, if they were to do this on some other show about this show, I mean, then, I mean, there would be a barrage. All Neil is this and he has all those sounds and Yadiyati, and too much with that fag stuff and whatever. They find 50 million reasons. And then, of course, that little George when he goes on it, they would be psychotic. But you know something? They're all listening right now. Every one of them. There isn't any radio on this town right now, including the competition, including the people over there at queer channel. Every single one of them is listening right now. And there's squeezing themselves. And of course, in the case of Pete Bulger and John Ford, he's squeezing each other as they're listening, getting such excitement out every word. They're hanging on it. And of course, both are only should hang. If there is a hell, if there's a radio hell, those two will surely be there burning forever. Especially Peter Bulger. I mean, the other one, he's just a Pimp. He's like the Taddy, he's a Pimp. We should have known it was Bulger all the time. Which sounds like Barzine, you know what? So if I were you, if I were going to the courthouse, Pete, I wouldn't be walking up there with my Pimp's drive suit with my back to the, you know what I'm saying? To the limo. WQAM. Okay, good hearing from you. How long was that on for like a quarter of a second? I got the fastest finger in the south. I'll tell you that right now. You know what I'm talking about? Uh-huh. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. This is a Niozo? The Nio show, yes. You want to talk to Nio? Nio, who? The guy. The guy I want. What's his name? The name is Nio. Nio, what? I don't know his last name. Nio, down? No, I don't know. Okay, hold on. Where you calling from? Uh, Miami. Okay, let's go to Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Is Nio? Yes. You all thought you about that crack city gets you just did? Right. Oh, you think that's funny? I think it's hysterical. I think it's a panic. You think all black people are on crack. Is that said that all black people do crack? It was about crack people. What do you mean crack? No, you talk about my recent talk about OEB and I went to a crack tour. Why do you? I said you were planning that it was a black out thing in the thing. And we're all black people. Well, that that one happened to be a black dude. That's uh, we're all having a crack city of government. Yeah, are there a deal of a crack city? I live in the ghetto. Well, and you probably probably do live in crack city. No, I don't live in crack city. Yeah. Do you have a crack problem? No, I don't have a crack problem. Yeah, how about a crack. No problem. No, I don't. Okay. You think this is a joke? It's right. What is a joke? What is it? It's not funny for you. Why do you want to be a car? Why do you want you white boys? Are you white boys? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. You're not a racist, are you sure? I'm not a racist. Okay. I'm not a racist. Because you won't put that on WDR. Or I won't fall. Why not? They wouldn't be able to put that on. They'd love to put it on. They wouldn't. They'd love to. They only wish they had that bit. Whatever, man. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's six to one on the Neil Downshow. 560, 505, 60, and a mobile. See what I'm seeing? You got to lighten up several shades. Okay. And you're not doing it, man. You're not even trying. Get a set of humor. Okay. Get a life. Stop being so uptight. Stop being so professionally militant already. Will you? Just get a goddamn life. Everybody else is okay for us to laugh at ourselves. But if you happen to be a little over-directed scale like two shades. Right away, we got to have a few militant assholes out there like this guy. All right. Well, all right. He don't even know what he's listening to. He don't know the name of the station. He don't know my name. Okay. That was wrong with you, man. Get with it. And as far as Malaysia is concerned, she's got a serious act of problem. Okay. So leave her that bitch alone. Moisha. And what kind of a name is Moisha anyway, by the way. Now that he mentioned it, what kind of a crappy name is that? Moisha. QAM. Get below. Moisha Roger show you. Yes. What's the Jewish name like Moisha? Yeah. But I say team. You know something I just figured it out. They just missed pronouncing Moisha. Go ahead, sir. Yes. I'm a first-time caller. And I'm listening. I don't believe you. But go ahead. I don't believe you. Yeah. I'm a first-time caller. Yeah. Every time you call you. I'm a first-time caller. I'm a first-time caller. Yeah. Every time you call you. I'm a first-time caller. Every time you call you. Every time you call you. From your world when you call me straight up. I'm your first-time boy. But tell me if something went wrong,map. Frowned. How old can you give meOOD? You love the sound mail. Now, it's your day vision! It's El Shoday, it's the day with the HALENO! How about this, El? How about this? El is something Clinton, hey boy, what are you doing? What are you doing? He commanded that troll! A very cheap troll is a very complex site in English! Around the time El has rejected! How about this than last night? Over there, Now Deb time! You have centre and a physical challenge on you, Or with an  weapon. Sorry words! I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a lonesome, topafaby deiy Tekwav Doesn 'r ehan, can't you? 1 to 0. No, Nin' told you that tomorrow you'll see me saying a word aIa aIa,. Oi, what time are you off you MakingUfortable to go economically good, then how and the guy said two strikes in one ball. I get it. I'll be a QAN. No. Yes sir. Yeah I have a question for you. Speaking. Who's speaking? No I said I'm speaking. Yeah how you doing? Good. Yeah so I'm not going to know why you sell out so much on the phone. Why I want? On the radio. You sell out so much. Sell out to one. No. Sell out what? Why you were breaking on the black even then? What are you talking about me? I told him why you were talking about my voice. Because she black. Who's my washa? My date. I ride. 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, in the wireless blind. That was great. Now we know what that means. WQAN. Yes sir. You know I listen to Hank show. I got to admit the funniest part about the show is when Hank talks about dating and he's like going out on dates. Yeah. That's real comedy. Yeah. Don't you agree or? No no I don't agree. What the I say more power to him. If he wants to be a high price tookters. That's his business. What's wrong with that? Everybody has different kinds of dating. I'm just kidding. But the tank of one steady or does have a straddle. I don't know. I call him up and ask him. I don't know. I don't really keep close tabs on it. All I know is from what I hear he's got real good taste. And you're probably jealous. WQAN. Hey, tell me. What is it? Yeah. How about one? About one. About one. What do you think about what you're reading for down? Yeah. Why would you think it was? I'm sorry. I say what do you think it was? The bottom line and game. Okay thanks. WQAN. Hey, Captain. You're a son of a bitch. WQAN. WQAN. Hey, George wants to pick a meal. Okay hold on. Where you from? Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Great. Good. Boy, you're picking up coal. You're doing real good. Real good. It's a screenless Friday. So far it's been spectacular. Oh great. I'm one of your, I don't know why. I'm one of your biggest fans. When you're talking about manager earlier. I don't go picking on Moisha. No. I want to say something about Mad Dog. Okay. I was listening to him yesterday. Yes. He has never been with classic lines. Somebody was talking to him about Patrick doing good injury. And Mad Dog was talking about. I'm son of a bitch. Yeah. Mad Dog was talking about how bad he looked. And he said, Patrick, you came out of the game. And with this as a black room's penis. Wow. It's incredible. Unbelievable. Love you, Neil. I'm the John Monning show. God. One other thing. You played out the parody of a cop's earlier. Did you hear about the Supreme Court ruling the other day about TV crews and law enforcement? No. The Supreme Court ruling, you cannot take camera crews out anymore. You know how cops are going and burst down. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That was probably true. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Sure. Nick would be also a codic about that. Of course, you don't have to worry since Jim and Preston is hand. $1 million in Vegas. Oh, right. $5.60. $5.60 on the AT&T. We'll see there's no God. Pizza crap like Nick Devarbo's out there. $1 million in Vegas. I go out there. $2.700. What does that tell you? How did you QA in? Good. Good. How did you QA in? Hello. You were my fire. The one desire, the least. When I say I won't hit that way. Flectum. All right. There you go. Nick Carter from the Baxter's boy. No. He's saying he's saying way better than Nick. No, he did not. The shalligrid. Yeah. You're full of crap, okay? You're not your starting to get me really upset. I'm going to get so excited. Oh, right. Yeah. I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad. I got my smile from all of my dreams to my dad. I've got a body like a driving range mat. When it's cold outside, you might not have to hang your hat. I can blow in your ear, hear me relax. But you won't notice me to like get some influence. I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up as chess and finding issues. Guys, I'm QA. I'm QA. I'm the one who needs your birthday. I've got a nice add and grow like a kissy, but I can't get a man since I got no titties. I've got no titties. There's wonder, bro. Something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board. Yeah. When I turned 11, I started to get QA. Now I'm 24. And still waiting on my boo. I've got a nice add and grow like a kissy, but I can't get a man since I got no titties. I've got no titties. I've got no titties. I've got no titties. No titties. Okay, 16 and 560. Speaking of that, by the way, Chris Reed is getting married. The nephew. I forgot to mention two hours ago. He was in here with a picture. He's got a show pictures. Has anyone told us he would have a dog? No. He probably never smelled him after one of those. He probably don't understand why he keeps hanging out with the gym. Anyway. Yeah, that's what we're going to talk about that on Monday. Okay, the thing with the rest was that was just the beginning. We're going to unmask all this BS, but guys that hang out at the gym a lot. And like take showers at the gym. Even when they're not working out there, they just go there to take a shower. I was wondering about that. Anyway, Chris Reed is getting married to some girl from Mississippi, who says it's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi month. As what she said. And then what was the other thing? Oh, yeah, Joe Costello was just in here in Spuddy. Aberen things he was saying about the back street boys. I, you know, I am not fooling me for a second, Joe. But it makes me feel good because I know you got crappy taste. So they must be just as great as I think the other music because if you don't like him, they must be fantastic, which is why Millennium is the number one selling album in the world. The first week on a chart, by the way, in virtually every country on the Euro chart, the American chart Canadian chart, you name it, it's number one. Anyway, tomorrow on the Joe Costello, his crappy, and says right here, crap crap, drag racing show. Don Garlet's and Shirley Maldowni famous drag queen, famous drag racers. What? And he's got a couple of famous drag queens on them. Or a Don Garlet's and Shirley Maldowni. I mean, Don Garlet's I have heard that name, okay? And that's old time. That was by even I know that. That's from a hundred years ago. Shirley Maldowni, I mean, there's women in this thing too. She's some kind of a, oh, you think? Maybe Joe will have to ask her that. Maybe it's a guy, and surely. And see, you people, one of the reasons that the sports talk is so boring on his station is because you're not creative. You know, everything is like right down the line. It's got to be real serious. Like when man is his on today, he was on yesterday's on again today for Hank. Does anybody call and, you know, corner him out of that thing about the Michigan quarterback that he was attacking all over last season. And then all of a sudden, they went at big bull game. And this pretty guy, I can't even think of his name anymore. He don't like those pretty more quarterback. He likes guys with that pun flat face. It looks like they're running into a brick wall like greasy skid, you know, like Brian greasy. Does anybody corner my net? Oh, because he did a complete turnaround so to speak on that kid after Michigan won the bull game. Oh, yeah, all of a sudden he was a star and they were great, which I can't think of that kid's name, but I sure wish I could. I do remember what he looks like. WGQAM. Yes, hi. Is it Neil? Yes, it's speaking. I am absolutely sick of my cable. And why don't you know if you still recommend your buddy there, Mohammed? Yes, and oh, I've got it to him. I mean, this must be psychic Friday. Thank you. I mentioned a few days ago. I think it was one day last week that I was getting a 4D TV receiver for my big dish. Yes. I get a call yesterday from Mohammed. I thought he was going to cry on the phone like I've turned on him. And yeah, he's still around Georgia's got the number. He's great. He's the best. Wonderful. Appreciate it. Do you want to know? I love him too. Great. Hang on. Thank you. Give Mohammed a number. Yeah, my hand was like, Cateca. Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, what did I do to you? And by the way, I agree with you. I have had the 4D TV receiver for about a week and a half. And I hate to say this, especially for my friends out there in Phoenix, who are listening right now, who sell them. And I hope you make a lot of money. But for me, the answer is no, I'm not going to keep this. No way. As far as I'm concerned, they suck. When you change from one channel to another, one transponder another, it's real real slow and it kind of sits there and thinks about it. In addition to which the digital programming, which there's a lot of it out there now. But it's almost all of it is the paid TV stuff. You know, 80 channels of HBO and 200 channels of the movie channel. And I've already got HBO and cinema. So I'm my regular who they'll need that. You know, 95% of the digital stuff that's on there is the extra Paste up and the stuff that went digital on the small dish is that on the big dish on the digital. No. So it's very impractical as far as I'm concerned. And Mohammed told me basically, I don't want to miscode him. But he said that the 40 TV receiver is a piece of crap is what he said, which is why he never sold me one. And the first place when they first came out, year and a half ago. So I'm not keeping it. But he was wounded. No, because he always does a great job for me. And he was a very psychotic to think that. And of course, that was a remedy. You know, remember set me up with his guy who's a good guy. Soldered to the on trial, keeping for while don't pay for it, you know. See how you like it? Do I like it? No. He hated. Can't stand it. That's just my own personal advice. Okay. I don't want to like talk anybody out of buying one of these 40 TV receivers. But quite frankly, I think there are a piece of crap myself. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Bupupupupupupupupup. God, did your mom when you were a little ever call you a ENTA? No. I was always quiet. I'm making up for it now. So in regard to hammer. Well, that was important stuff about my receiver there. I know you just were going on. Bupupupup. Yeah. I know. So hammer, I just went to when two o'clock comes. I switched to dial. Not like Peter, but I switched to dial. I don't know. He just doesn't move them. You switched your dial to what? Peter F. Yeah. I don't go to that. I don't go to babbling. Nobody would go to that. No, no. Now, what are you saying? The slowest. It doesn't go anywhere. It's slow. Pretty much. Yeah. But it's just like the long pauses in the dead air. Is that what you're talking about? Exactly. Yeah. Like that car you have. The Hank Goldberg School of Broadcast. Right. That's the Tim Tuiti. Right. I mean, if the great guy never called the show. But that's a good guy. I can only handle a box. He's badly misunderstood because, again, people don't understand. It's just a radio show. So they misunderstand. Exactly. That's a great day. And back to you. And these guys that are jealous because Hank's getting late a lot with these high price, whatever they are. That's his business. What is it your business? Get a freaking life. Get a freaking life. God. It's just terrifying to me. The number of no-life assholes out there that want to create some vicarious existence for themselves by sticking to nose and everybody else's rectum. Wherever they're sticking it. Get a life. You. Get a life. Yeah. By the way, can we play that today? No. That's a way to let loss of kids. No. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I talked to Jim. They have the Lord's Jim. Have you heard about that? The Lord's Jim. No. It's a Christian Jim. Are you serious? I swear to God. It's on University. Work it out for Christ. That's what James Kennedy works out. Oh, is that where he works out, huh? How about he takes a lot of showers and adjoins? And they all get little Christian classes and some of the labels. Yeah. And if you open up the shower door and there's somebody in there, they hold up a crucifix. Okay. See, when Dracula did it, it meant get that lot of here. When they hold it up there, means come on in, pal. These people at Hangout of the Jim lectures, there's one place in Fort Latter-day. I think it's called bitter bottoms. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. Didn't you back when your WIOD days went through in a few-to-date Hank? Well, like for one day, yeah. I was more than that. No. I think you're scared of him. Oh, yeah. I'm terrified of Hank. Yeah. I'm actually good guy. I like listening to this show. But I enjoyed managing it a little bit better just because, you know, I guess that's actually good. Yeah. I'm so terrified of Hank. That's why I'm letting all these people say what they want to do. I'm terrified of Hank. I like that. I like listening to Hank. I don't like watching him. No, I do like listening. He liked it a lot of way. He liked it a lot of way. He liked it a lot of way. He liked it a lot of way. He liked it a lot of way. He had some on his pen this morning. Right. He took up the whole screen. It was just point of his nose. Well, I gotta go white my ass. Okay. Don't want to fall out of the door. Don't start with that crap. Are you pleased? You want to start that crap all over again? Well, what are your bad? No one of these people hate you like poison. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See, a lot of people haven't figured out the reason we took it dump in the trend again is because I was on vacation for a month in that trend. See, I wasn't going to say that because we've been doing great these other months. I think that's the month they find it caught onto you and your crap. QAM hello. Neil God. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. Okay. I think about Jeff Popwood. Yeah. Got a couple of things. He is a good looking guy. If I lean the way to the same sex, I'd be rubbing his muscles. Mm-hmm. Do you do rubbing his muscle? More. Don't head me out. He's hung out. He's a good guy. He's rubbing his muscle and says he's hung. Okay. Keep that whole. Tell me about it. Oh, look. He's been in the marching band for a week. You know, three and a half, five parties go. Yeah. And so, you know, he's a pretty good looking guy. He had a couple of women around the butt. There was a couple of guys that were taken in nice flip to look at him too. He's a great looking guy. Maybe he's right to the round. But most of those people in Abercrombian Fitzcatalog, they get around you. Tell me about it. I haven't seen his bullets. His brother in the cattle like his wife. Yes, yes. They're identical. I mean, they are exactly the same. Okay. Now even their back-to-market identical. Well, I'll let you know if I lean towards that direction. Now let me tell you about the hank. Yeah. You know, I don't know the word about a show is that he takes about 40 minutes just for his shortest start. He's on for two minutes. You just throw that. You're right about that slow starter. I would agree with that. And but overall he's a great guy. He has great comments. And but you know, just like everybody else is showing that station. We just don't have any good colors. Okay. All right. Thanks for making this section. You welcome. See you. Well, we said that the, what he said Jeff Popp, which is hung and something like that. And hangs it in every direction he can. And his brother in bed either is what he said. Don't forget Abercrombian Fitzcum or cattle. There's one Abercrombian Fitzcum in Fitzcum. Probably in Fitzcum, haven't you read one in day land, go in there. And they only make a limited edition of those two by the way. Yeah. See a better grab. You're as wide a can in the catalog too. I mean, there's all kinds of things in there. There's all there's breasts and uh uh uh back to him and everything. And some woman too. One 26. It's 5. 5. 60. You can't. No. I'm not just small. I'm not just small. And just tasteful. The dolphins are curping. And man, it's disgraceful. Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. It's not my f***. They're my f***. She got you. Mother f***. Words of love. They toss in the microphone. The tough button just can't seem to be left alone. And all of this is because they like saying. So, right f***. They're my f***. She got you. Mother f***. Oh. But they play football badly. Oh, wow. How does the patriots check their hands? So fun. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with that attitude as bad as there is. They're tossing our hopes down the stairs. Oh, man. A noxious island is capable. The dolphins are curping. And man, it's disgraceful. Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. They're my f***. They're my f***. She got you. Yes, they're saying. So, my f***. They're my f***. Oh, they're saying. They're saying. They're not f***ing. They're not f***ing. She got you. Love the f***. I'm pretty happy having time. One thirty two and five sixty WQA. Don't forget your cost. I'll tomorrow with those drag queens. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes. Anyhow you doing. Great. I'm going on vacation this weekend. I'm going up the Disney. Uh-huh. And I just found a way to go. I'm going up the Disney. Uh-huh. And I just found out. I have nothing against Gaze. But better watch your back going back side. But I don't want my daughter subjected to that basic. Objective to what? Well, just a bunch of Gaze will. Uh-huh. Somebody going there for this weekend. Well, I'm not going there for that. Oh, good. I have a nice weekend. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Yeah, God forbid there should be a bunch of food cakes or mine like the ones that are in all those costumes up there which is every one of them. God forbid your children should be subjected to having a bunch of homeless. And you know, it's interesting. There was a, a thing in the paper about that the fact that all these fundamentalists and lunatics out there all these homophobic, the fact that they could keep public public sizing it means that they're going to have a bigger turnout that they ever had before. I'd be like that. Uh-huh. More queens than ever before at the Disney this weekend. Because everybody else keeps making a big song and they've got to say, oh, it's, uh, it's that. So we'll be there with bells on with bells on our nose and rings on our toes. Yeah, we don't want our children to take. Okay. So I'll find another weekend. Like 51 other weekends in a year, find one of those and guess what it'll still be gay day no matter when you go. Would you like it or not? Hi, what is it? 5 6 7 0 5 60. QA and hello. Yeah, yes. Yes, sir. Speaking, yes. Turn that radio down, sir. Please. It's down. Okay. I got a question. I got a comment about it was the situation. What's the situation is that? I don't want it by words as a gasp. For me. How about, uh, Alasko would be good. That's one of the states. Yeah, you had about that. I don't know. How about the illusion island sounds good. Huh? I didn't go up there and try that trick on the Eskimo. They know how to deal with guys like him. Okay. So what's the mechanism for him and not to say, maybe so soon they're going to make a thing. What you guys, the murderer, I say, is far away from us as possible. Sounds good to me. Yeah. How about a new handsher would be good. They'll fix his ass in a hurry. Okay. WCQA and hello. See an interesting thing about this. Hang on. An interesting thing is none of these people are saying they don't take you did it. Everybody takes it for granted because you have to be a moron. Not to, but not to know that he done it. But other than that, like, you know, all he did was murder two people and like almost sever her head, but other than that, what's the problem? QA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing great and good afternoon? Um, one question please. Um, did you finally get to see the Shawshank redemption? No. Oh. It's a great movie. I got it. All right. Anyways. The two things I want to know. I said before I watched the soprano's biography and here. No. Yeah. Listen. There's two comments I wanted to make about what you were talking about this morning about traffic. Yeah. To subject that you'll always get a story to, you know. But you mentioned one time before about when you're waiting in the red light and and everybody's turning left. And then when they get the red and you get the green, there's still people turning. Right. It's like five, six more telling my god to red light. Right. What happened to me on two days ago and it's like, you know, well, anyways, another situation is when you go to the store and everyone parks in front of the store. Either to use the ATM at the store or just go in into public. You leave the car right outside the store. Have you ever seen that? Sure. All the time. That's, that's the worst. But the question about that is there a way that you can actually do something about that. Like call the fire marshal and tell him, hey, the stores just allowing these people just to park in front of the store. Yeah, but, you know, I know the pens. I mean, like for example, there's a mailbox in front of my public. And a lot of times I'll go there to, you know, drop letters in the in a box and I'll park in that little fire lay there for like 10 seconds. I get out. I throw this stuff into buying. And I pull away, you know, and I have seen guys get ticketed for that. And that's, that's nitpicking. You know, it's getting carried away. No, you know, but sometimes people will leave it there. Right. I'll see them shopping. Right. Or they'll have some some jackass inside that they're waiting for and they're sitting there losing it as like a parking spot. Right. Yeah. I always see them like giving people the police giving people tickets for a speeding. But whenever somebody is cutting people off and doing stuff, I look at the cops that are maybe a couple of lanes away and they don't do anything about that. They're busy going home to get a, you know, carton of milk or to go to get the donuts or something like that. They're, they're always oblivious to stuff like that because I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Okay. And in closing, Neil, back street boys kick ass. All right. All right. See, there you go. I mean, there's no question about it. So it's given, huh? Still no straight guys like them. Other than my friend Dave and this guy, right? Or he likes the one song. The guy that just called he straight. No, he doesn't just like the one song. He likes the group. He likes their music. And this guy was straight. Yes. And likes their music too. See, you, you just assume that you see the world through the eyes of George Rodman because you don't understand that not everybody sees the world away. You do. Here's the guy that never saw glory hold. Didn't even know what it was. And he thinks the whole world, I know they were. I never saw it. No, you did not. Sure. You had you never heard the term in your life before you either. You said talking about it. Yeah, right. I'm scheming. Right. In the next stall. Twenty-three-four-two. Just before you heard those drilling sounds. I like the weewees. So it's not in the closet. Joe Rose loves the back people. I was like that. I think you made it. We don't enter me, cut in the chat. I mean, they got me best in the earth. Got you, I promise. Yeah, yeah. As anybody in that table, I was totally delugated to country where the guns were built. Okay. I've come down and ask somebody to sell And from a mile away, You can detect these men. I'll stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. He likes the public. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. The gun's a big group. Stop. You can carry lots of earth in the gun. Back. Smoked every day until your lungs come like. With all the fun it had to be had made. Roll. You make a dozen feet and a quarter of a day. A mannequin for the summer here and say. Got nothing like this into your bed. A day smoke. Smoke got a smoke smoke. They like the public's flip and talk. They begin to cough and choke. Smoke got a smoke smoke. The gun's a big group. I'm a Delphus on you, R.R. Stop man. You like just walk the giant ship whenever you can. Then you keep becoming here from miles around. Invite your crew by the ounce of nickel. Rastaman is a horse on my right. The gun's a big group. Tonight, and then there's smoke. A rag. Smoke got a smoke smoke. They like the public's blip and talk. Smoke got a smoke. Smoke got a smoke. Smoke got a smoke. They're going to be good. They're going to be good. Come on. It's 143.5.60WQM. So here's the facts. I know I've been getting the facts from my good friends Bob and Karen and Finess Arizona. About the 40 TV Big Dish Shabri Seaver. It says we recommend keeping the 40 TV satellite receiver a little bit longer. Giving it a chance is what it says. No, there's no substitute for a first generation signal. Make sure you get your free preview to run and have a have a show you how to get all a free pay per view channels. My hand it says it's a piece of crap. There are many channels available only on 40 TV. That goes on. Liberty Media is about to announce a major digital sports package. The programming on 40 TV is about half the cost of direct TV. It took me about two months to learn how to utilize all the features. It says it's through the guidance lower, but I use my 40 TV first to redirect TV second. Let me know how can be of any assistance. Bob and the Karen. In Phoenix. Well, thanks Bob and Karen. But I think the answer is no. Not just the guide. I don't use the program guide. Who the hell needs that? It's just the changing even of the trans fathers changing the channel on the same satellite. And then when you go to find two in the satellite. And let's talk about a three step project as opposed to the old general instrument receivers, which you would like and I hired a heartbeat. Because the way I see it so far, it's really bad. Real bitterly disappointing, but nevertheless. QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neil. I'll tell you about the mobile. I've come up every time it's 15 minutes. Because you're I got the screen list there going. Right. Anyway, I don't care. Neil listen. You're well worth it. You know that. You're a show that the compare may be also show you. So always call us calling in and saying, oh, Hank, this, I ain't that. You know, it's a thing about the sports guys. They need to have some like special guests or something like that. You know, maybe beat it up a bit. Yeah. But they're just boring. You know, people call us in and boring. It's so true. Yeah, terminally. You're looking to work. Terminal. Because when you start relying on the colors and this time for sports stuff. I mean, what are these people know about sports? Nothing. I'm going to say, you know, to make their show better. They should have some special guests. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's when I think Hank is at his best. He's got the guest on. Not like Will Clark. That was one of those things. But most of the other time. What do you know is what he's talking about? Now, but Neil, you're a comedy savior. I love you. I've been listening to you since you've been down here. I've been down here 24 years. I love you. You're the best. You may God bless you. Don't forget about how. Thank you. God bless you. And yours. I'm going to say, you have a number of five 60, five 60 on the AT&T. Where I was flying that's what I always say. You may God bless yours. WDQAM. Yes, sir. Are you doing it at night by? Great. Hey, listen. After two to six, second with the managing the homer. Yeah. I think the homer goes managed to say is, but anybody who listens to their net time is the L. Goldstein would say. It's a good club. You moron. You're looking for glory. Okay. WDQAM. Hello. Okay, sir. I'm first. I want to say that I think I know why everybody doesn't listen to Ed show tonight. Because I tell you what, you know, meet my buddies, we're going up and Ed used to be on the other station. Are we going to? Yeah. We used to crank that guy like crazy. You know, Ed, I mean really. I mean, that was probably the most entertainment part of the show. And now, the only entertainment I get from this show is mass-manage of it every night. Right. So, but you know, you're going to let me ask you this. When we got to the Marlins, our plan on the West Coast just stay at Blate till about two or three do it. No. No. There's no way. I would never. Actually, you know, it's this week. I've been not listening to Ed. Edward. So, in other words, I know that you let it heal up as that which you're saying. Well, you know, that night I have to kind of use glory hold. Like it will, you know, lower your pleasure. Right. All right. I'll see you at Westland. Okay. Yeah. This thing with glory holds. I mean, that was talking to somebody yesterday who really knows about these things. I've done a tremendous pubic service in learning the entire South Florida area even over there in the West Coast. I bet you'd afford mine. There's a lot of glory holds. Oh, yeah. Because on those weekends when they're sheep, can we all test the, you know, when you get kind of like worn out and certainly there's nothing like a screaming for old glory. WQA and hello. Nail. Yes, sir. All right. Here it is. Worst team. Crap. Neil Dodd. Thank. Crapy God. Ricky Martin's screaming flavor. Yeah. Magnet two specs. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. Whatever you say. I thought he was going to talk about that other video guy. Boy, remember he sent us, so was he the one that said us that did black penis? Which I'm not mentioning is the money or who sent it to us. But we're sure enjoying it here, by the way. It's kind of like vibrating over there on the counter. All by itself. It's just moving around. Because some people in the building think to remind, think that it reminds him of Roy. WQAM. I'm married to you. I'm a fiend. I'm a fiend. I'm a fiend. I'm a fiend. I'm a fiend. I'm a fiend. I'm a fiend. I'm a fiend. Yeah. Sometimes I see you myself. All right, excellent. Well, they got some good singers out here today. Sign them up. Okay. Get what's his name on a phone. Big pop up. What if his name is? I mean, he lost the back three boys. They finally decided they want to get some of the money for themselves. So they fired his ass. His back at the ass. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Kettle and go to the car. Two cars. We're going to run cops to be handing out tickets to the fire. Yeah, I cannot say about that. I'm not there. I'm pleating to the audience. Yeah. If you're parked there for like 30 seconds, I've seen that happen to. I'm along the playwoods. You're not saying I have enough to be ready. Right. You want to. You're talking about twins. We want to do it. Yeah. I'm going to come to him. Really? Yeah. I'm bigger than he is in the red birthday. Yeah. And I'd hear that. You're talking to the colleague. And man, but here's the guy's in identical twins. They're both 32 and they're both gay. Only this guy's got a larger penis. So he says. Well, a little bit. It's slightly bigger. Yeah. The doctor who's a little meaner to him. Right. Cut on a bias. So that's it. And you've never a long time ago when you were in a hang, good-hated child or like prison. We talked to you, you were a stiffened charities. You were a prison pen. Yeah. And you're piece of crap. Right. He's got Hank and's no good. Yeah. Right. Guess you're kissed a murder. We kissed a murder, yeah. Okay. Come and distance though. Yeah. Okay. So we said his brother is something. Ha ha ha. That's what he said. He said, uh, he's his little bigger than his brother. And he's, uh, two. So what was the colleague in man doing there? What are they all about? Do we need any cuts? Thank you for bringing this more water, but do we need any cuts? And I said, yes. Oh. Yeah. Because we got to take care of the people around the weekend. There's some important people hanging around here on the weekend by the way. I understand. I may actually start hanging out here on the weekend. 10, 4, 2, 5, 60, WQM.