Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami for Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. The show called 560-560 toll free for Dane and Broward or 560 on your cell ball. The opinions of Neil his guest co-larser. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W2AM. We have to go to the next week. We have to go to the next week. Neil Rogers, a sports radio 560-2AM. Where is the bell? Where is the bell? There are two Miami Cubs with a hot movie. There are the streets fighting cry. They pop. They can't play there. They can't play there. They can't play. We have to cross the green gang with six people. Lieutenant in that group has seen your citizens and went around trying to get the early bird's Special after 7. Yeah, the second town. Let's go get them. Yeah, it's all because of the fleet of this tree. Hey, ladies. You can't cross the area without the cross in the line there. They're due to chairman. We clean the two slugs and business. All right, sister, you're under arrest. Oh, so now you're an arresting my wife, what's the charge? There's an arresting powder. I'm going to have a first time. Let's see that white stuff. Yeah, I just thought you got over 100 bags in here. Oh, for a sweet blow. That restaurant you just came out of. Let's take a minute. Yeah, they're very good. Yeah, my, we got a hot movie. Yeah, a day of life. They're being disbomb. M-B-Z. Yeah, it wasn't bad enough to put everybody else out of business over there. That wasn't good enough. Now the hell and the old farts. They're starting up again. The show is over for the button sound. Oh, and for Danny's fantasy lounge on Dixie Highway. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. How do you like that? This is the same city by the way. Where Sunny Rosenberg and all his other old Yiddla. Try to ban MTV from the cable. Remember that not too many years ago. And who was it over there on the coast on the amenity? Tom Kennedy, who's a stepfather, can plays baseball, but nevertheless, Tom Kennedy single handedly fought the good fight. And I saw Tom to get MTV back on a goddamn cable in her and Helen Dale because there might actually be four or five people under the age of 100 who's still up in there once in a while who want their MTV God dammit. So they can watch Macy Gray and do something where she keeps saying, what does she keep saying? F-F-I-U. Maybe somebody will call and tell us what they're saying and that's on, huh? No, it all play it. That would be worth, I'd say 170 grand in the first 30 seconds. How about if I play it backwards? She's saying basically the same thing that's a voter said in the election on the penny sales tax. F-F-I-U. Yeah, it played backwards. All right, we're playing it backwards. And it's got the F-word in it. All right. I do like that. Speaking of Helen Dale and backwards because that's what it is. Yeah, an intendola and Rosenberg and all these other old disgusting, festering scars on the face of the earth. They should have a big sign there when you enter Helen Dale. If you're under the age of 100, if you're alive, if you value life, stay out of here. In fact, just open the window when you can smell the death, the smell of creeping death permeates the air in Helen Dale. Oh, disgusting. They were disgusting and nauseating 12 or 13 years ago when I started to hawk at a try and get about that back in I&Z. And you know what here? We are not too many years later and there's still this. And it's the same old parts. Same old and I do mean underlined the old parts. Old, the crepate Jews who are destroying that city. Good news though is though. Mayor leaves the dias collapses after meeting. Oh, Helen Dale Mayor Arnold Lanner collapsed after Tuesday City Committee. You see, God is getting even with you for screwing around with a button south and with Danny's fantasy lounge. That's what's going on. Okay. Oh God is getting even with you bastards. You're unusually long meeting started about 10 a.m. conclude about 545 yesterday after the meeting ended Lanner who until then and show no signs of the deep. Walked into the commissioners lounge just behind the dias and collapse. Oh, you apparently suffers from a respiratory problem says Vice Mayor Joy Cooper. He should have taken his treatment around 4 p.m. but the meeting went on. He skipped it. Should have taken his gerrital. And a couple of good laxatives too couldn't have hurt. Paramedics were called immediately and they administered first aid treatment at the scene assistant city manager charity top. Puppey. Whatever that is. Also brought aerosol equipment to help Lanner breathe. After about 45 minutes the other commissioners came back out of the room and assured everyone the mayor was doing fine. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. The show is over for the button south. Helen Dale commission decides. And this fits right in with everything that goes on in this person country. Everything is against the law. Let's close every place down where people might be having a good time. Where there might actually be a few people congregating under the ages 600. You're at a disgrace. You are a sham. Helen Dale is a black mark. It's everything that's wrong with this town. And then of course it's spread like a disease. It's spread to forlaterdale. A kicked all the spring breakers out. Not very long after they started this Helen Dale craft. It wasn't bad enough. They put pumpernics out of business. There we have a goddamn restaurant where the old fart stole all the sweet and low and a silverware and everything else. And drove everybody crazy. And the waitresses were quitting in the middle of the day screaming and yelling. Running out on the Helen Dale beast. Pull of our going. Oh, let me out of here. It's a nut house. That wasn't good enough. Now we got the button south by the way. Anybody calling tells what that word was. They're saying on that macy gray record. We got a piece of the pieces. Oh, Jesus. With a single stroke of a pen, the Helen Dale City Commission is pretty much put the cafe Casa Blanca. Also known as the legendary button south out of business. In a fortified vote, the commission decided Tuesday not to renew the licenses. That would allow Casa Blanca 100 ants in full of art and Danny's fantasy lounge. Oh, two or one or 60 highway to sell liquor till six a and the license is expired September one. Commissioner Joe Skavo says these places are an eye sort of community. Don't think their license is should be renewed. A legend among South Florida's night clubs, the button south state is hosted many renown National Band including arrow smeth and recently candle box. I wouldn't be surprised that they could have run in macy gray to say. Them two right after they do a F I U. Cut it up. It's also one of the largest clubs in South Florida, the capacity for almost a thousand people. The button south goes south and Danny's fantasy lounge. And if that isn't good enough, God there's some bad news, you know. Some rate of I don't want to be the Bureau of ill tidings, but nevertheless. If that isn't typical enough of what's going on in this freaking country, teachers in sex case face firing. Oh, I keep telling you this and people out there think, oh, what a meal sure is funny. He's here entertaining. I'm talking to the goddamn truth, baby. It's at a disgrace. It's a police state. By the way, you didn't see or busy watching that stupid scared straight crack on MTV last night when I was really looking for TRL. What happened to TRL last night? Maybe they didn't repeat it. Maybe they only showed it live yesterday afternoon. And they didn't want to repeat it because you might have seen it and seen the back speed boys went out in glorious number. I don't know who got number one. Do you think anybody will call you? Do you think we have anybody in the morning to watch TV except the time green? No, no, they won't know. But anyway, so between 10 to 11 on MSNBC during my channel surfing, which I hate that network usually except for time and again, which I do like. But her although who I usually also can't stand, he had a pretty interesting show. It was a special thing. The blacks against the blues in Pittsburgh was against the black community against the police and the cultural thing, the Ying and Yang and Ian and I'll set go back and forth. And about how not the police are terrified to do anything to arrest anybody even because right away it's racism and it's police brutality. And it's it's bad. It'd be bad if you're nightmare. Anyway, teachers in sex case face firing, two were arrested in swingers club and I know we never get any response when I talk about this because we don't have like I said to voicewriter and everybody who goes to the swing clubs is terrified to talk about it on the air. But I mean, yeah, and Bob Green, but nevertheless. I'm going to get in this in a second. I'm going to go nuts. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to sit here and start going. Little bit like that. That's right. Because this is what America's all about. You know what? Where is Delta? Yeah, that's another good question. But anyway, oh, we've got a lot of stuff. Just tons and tons and tons. And then, of course, we had that horrible story about the people that nearly drowned in their boat out there yesterday. And just to make sure that we understand they were out there for like how many hours for hours and days and whatever. So channel seven in their infinite wisdom. They said little Brian Andrews out there and let's see how long he could survive out there. I think they were trying to drown him. Was that a snorkeling yet in his push? Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth? Yeah, something. That's your what that wasn't his push. Brian Andrews. And of course, what's the big deal about him on you see the clock at a background? Two hours and nine, ten minutes and Rick Sanchez is a hyper ventilating and Bob and up and down in his chair. There's no big deal. We know that Brian can float anyway. So what's the problem? Uh-huh. God. Nine minutes past ten, it's five sixty your hyper ventilating station for the 90s WQAM. How young is too young? I can tell it's a real good thing to be averted in. I can't wait back the friend. I'm all back to the time of safety. There is no time to get it low to bed. Get it now watching sleep. Yeah. Now we run the reasonable plan structure. Now we run the important sleep now. Now we're hopeful you will remember. The talent's bad just so much is anyhow. Hey, it's on. It's on. It's on. It's on. It's on. Alright. We're in a tunnel. That's true. We're in a tunnel. We're in a tunnel. We're in a tunnel. Fifty-five, six, three, WQAM happy Wednesday. Two, you before I go back to the thing about the swing clubs in this grotesque Broward school board, which they all, every one of them sure hang their heads in the shame to be associated with this fascism with this crap. And let me congratulate by the way, chairwoman Lois Wexler, who said that the code that they made the decision on was our cake. Nice going, Lois. Right on target sweetheart. Oh, before I go into that, you know how the shvarts is in the, uh, specs and everybody else are going through this big song to dance because it's become very fashionable and it's a boring summer anyway. The last three or four weeks about, oh, the fall line up has come out and you guys didn't have enough ethnic minorities represented in your programming as if and I keep telling you, most people don't care about that. They just want some good shows on there. Are we going to get any good shows? No, but nevertheless. I just want to make a personal plea. I can't speak for anybody else, just like Nixon from the back street boys. I can't speak for anybody else, but let me speak for myself. I don't want any more gay characters on television. On network TV, cable TV, never again. I'd please, you don't have to appease us. At least not me. No more gay characters. I know you were talking about it yesterday, which I had never seen it. And the only reason I saw it last night is because I'm not watching it. I was looking for TRL and they had that scared, straight sequel crap on it. You got all excited about because they said the effort to hold a bunch of times. They said, and I am some. Well, whatever they said, but the point is I'm some channel surfing. I come to MTV and that awful real world was on. What they've done to that show and the road road kill. They turned road rules into road kill and real world into a unreal world. But the worst bunch of losers I have ever seen in my life. And they're all ugly anyway. But so anyway, on real world, they got this token faggot. Now you were talking about that and I hadn't seen it. I'm going to tell you if I could have drilled a hole in the floor in my living room and crawled way to La Kampoy to China. I would have crawled in there. A stereotypical mincing, bitchy queen. Now if that's the best you guys on television can do coming up with a gay character and I'm going to do shows. Please don't ever do it again. You better not watch Will and Grace than I guess. The bitchy is the most pathetic. So all you minorities that are bitch and I mean, what do you want? Every time they put a spick on there, it's like a lucey lucey. Or it's my name, Jose Jimenez, something like that. And every time they put a shfart around there, it's like some joking and jive and you know what I'm going to call it? Good times. J.J. It's something like that. So why would any minority of any group want to be represented in the media or in the movies or anything? Because it's always a stereotype. And it's always a grotesque, the most extreme stereotype they can possibly find. I mean, that bitchy queen. I mean, something needs to beat a living sth, not all that turd burger. Peters and Laura was dying of AIDS and he had a better attitude. Right, that's right. Just a typical bitchy queen. Everything doesn't suit her. Okay. She's upset about this and you're too hard to sexualize and you're flodging it in my face and I'm pissed off. And I'm going to float away and blow it out your ass sweetheart. God. Man, I'm sitting there. I'm sticking. Not a cone. I'm sticking. Get her off the screen now. Seriously, the shame factor was so great. I'm sitting there watching that and I'm thinking that young America is all sitting and watching this thing. Oh, yeah, there's a faggot. Yeah, no crap. Because all of five minutes that I could keep it on I kept thinking that damn faggot. I can't stand. Oh, my God. What's its name? Does it have a name? I forgot. Oh, somebody will tell us. Just please make it go away. Please tell me it was a bad dream. Or wasn't really on. A simple, minting, bitchy queen. Oh, you were talking about heterosexuality for 70% of the time you ran it. Oh, God. Go find some fags that hang out with they'll talk about. If that goes to you that movie, okay? Then the movie dick. When you saw the end of the head on before for MTV, they said you loved it. I think he will. Works for me. God. Various. Anyway. Teach your, I'll be for I get back to that. I'm going to save that for a rainy day. I'm going to get into that in a minute. I'm going to go apoplectic. I made burst of blood vessel right here on the radio about that thing with the, which club was it? It was the Athena's form in Pompano Beach, Justin. His name is Justin. Oh, my God. No wonder Justin Thompson of the Tigers can't get anybody out anymore. Justin found his character had the same name as him. Can't get anybody out at all. Get in pounded. Poor Justin. You know what I'm saying? You know I'm saying to the names of it. There is self. Yeah, that went to. Anyway, I got a great fact this morning before we get to the swing club and a holiday of all these other things. Let me take a call in Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. Yes. It's not just as a point of information. It's not hotter than a witch as you know what? It's colder than a witch as you know what? No. It can be either one. The benton which witch. Well, which is irrelevant to it. Yeah. Be well out of frustration. I would like to just the possibility of a, I am embarrassed and hate the Harold day. Like September 30th is a date that I sort of selected. If we could say, I'm September 30th we can encourage everybody to write into the Harold or the email into the Harold. Yeah. I'm September 30th. You know, I'm embarrassed and ashamed that you are my newspapers. Right. You know, I can't do that. I'm just going to work on it. It's an affiliate time. Maybe we should make it in like, tow or something. No, September 30th is great. So, what day of the week is that? Look on a calendar. What day is the September 30th? Let me check again. What is it? Well, we got a calendar here. We can even afford that. We got a free from a setters day. You're right. I don't have anything for you. There's day. Let me say it again. So, Thursday. Okay. We between now and then put some like stuff together for me like the email address. And then I can do that myself. I'll give you something to do. Kill some good time. Okay. I'll give you email. You can do it. I thought you could do my chairman of the project. How's that? Thank you. And I thought I would even prepare some foreign letters that people could use. Great. So, no one has to thank too much. Okay. Get back with me next week. I will. Nice job, pal. Okay. There's the chairman of the board right there who says, Where is self-sure? Yeah. So, anyway, here's a great facts for my 16 year old listener, no less. Who's got more brains than a lot of our older listeners. I'm just going to talk about it. Uh-huh. This is I'm writing to share my thoughts about just how much garbage the Christian religion is full of, especially the Catholic Church. Just like a caller said today, the Catholic religion has always changed their beliefs and viewpoints. One of us convenes for them to do so. For example, the church until the 16th century, top at paying indulgences was your way into heaven. And receiving forgiveness for your sins, but that whole philosophy was work conveniently changed when the church noticed they were losing followers to the Protestant Church, because their whole reformation was against the corruption going on in the Catholic Church. Keep in mind that the fewer followers the church had met the fewer amounts of people, the church could tax and make money more often. Another great example of the church not being so holy was during World War II. The Catholic Church could have played a bigger role in helping the allied forces, but since the Nazis were getting rid of Jews and Communists, the church didn't interfere since Jews and Communists did the church's biggest enemies. I'm 16, I've been attending a Catholic all-boy school for the past few years. Oh, and I've witnessed a douchebag teacher give a friend of mine the attention for a week, asking the lunch server for a hamburger during lent season. How do you like that? Oh my God. Yeah. I've also seen a priest give a kid a D on an essay that was worth a test grade, because his opinion on abortion was different than that of the church. Thank you for taking the time for reading my letter. I apologize for not reading my identity because I'm afraid the school would have spelled me and coming in her ridiculous something like that, or even say, F-F-I-U. P-S, you can read this letter on the years, or our listeners can hear all the crap that the church has done in the past. Maybe some Christians won't be so ignorant in the naive church. Thank you. Well, thank you, sir, for great facts. God bless you for having enough trains till it's all a bunch of crap, you know? God. How come we can't get the adults to be as perspicacious as some of the young people who say, who look at this and they just, who the hell are you kidding? You're not altering this kid. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Now what is that all about? Can't I try to answer some of these because I have so much crap going on here and they didn't wait. Here's a mobile and a four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, hey. Yes, sir. I watched TRL yesterday and unfortunately your deliveries in the back three boys did make number one. Number one. Look for wristbands. Number two. Now they messed up. MTVMF stuff and they will be on today too. So today's the last day. You mean after all the big build up they did. You said for saying yesterday was the, the your close-up of the hotel day. Yeah, a five-year-old girl in Tennessee told them that they were, they messed up. They, they are going to redo it. Great. Okay. That gives me some of the look forward to. Thank you, sir. Yes. God bless you. There you go. Some look forward to back three boys. Number one again today. Yeah. That's a better rush home from Mommy's house today to vote on TRL 40 or 50 times. I mean, I know it's no risk, but hey, you know, stop, chop on this like I said. Anyway, you can't chop on it because it's against the law of tour arrested in Swingers' called these teachers. This is so freaking outrageous. It's unbelievable. You know, all the speaking of Catholic schools, these, these are pretty. No, they molest the altar boys and all the students. That's okay. And they don't get arrested. They don't get anything. All they do is maybe if something happens is somebody screams Lovina, they reassign them to some other place so they can molest some other kids. Not here. The Broward School Board divided over whether educators, private lives should affect their employment voted Tuesday to begin the process. The fire two teachers arrested in the Swingers' Club in January. The Board suspended the teachers without pay while the educators challenged the district and then administrative hearing that could last two to six months. And by the way, Carson, we don't care what you want to be number one. Okay, just let the little punky girls vote and shut up. They violated the state code of ethics for teachers. They created an embarrassment to the profession and said, Board member Bob Parks and Education Professor with FAU. Well, I say, F.A.U. That's what I say and a former high school teacher. And maybe that's what they're saying. F.A.U. Let me just got the letters there wrong. But Stephanie, craft this agreed. I have a hard time imposing sanctions on the behavior of two consenting adults in a private club. My gut feeling is that it should be thrown out of the window. Nice going, Stephanie. Like I said, some of the members of the school board weren't brain dead. Both teachers can have springer of South Broward High and Time, you'll wide of dear field be trying. Have acknowledged the accuracy of the allegations and said Bruce Wager to rectify a professional standards. But they can tend they've done nothing illegal and nothing that deserves discipline. Springer told sheriff's deputies the club was private. Record $100 membership fee according to allegations filed by the school district. And it goes on, which I'll get to in a second after we do these commercials. These people are in a private club. They pay to go there. It's bad enough that the police in this town have got nothing better to do than to be rating private clubs. We're consenting adults or doing whatever they want inside. You know, it's really something for me. You know, spend 10, 11 days in Amsterdam and then come back to this God forsaken, stone age country. This repressive bunch of crap. But you're hypocrites. And by the way, speaking of the cops, did we ever get any follow up? What's the story there? Channel 4, Channel 6, Channel 7, Channel 10, Miami, Harold Sun Sentinel, any follow up on a pouring down a candle. Oh, huh, ever ever get any more news? No, no. Don't do as they do. Do as they say. That's what they call. The porters will tell you. Because sex is evil. It's bad. Take care, Britney Spears. Five of our Christina Aguero 4. And I need to grease three. And let think of just two and a back. Four and a four and a one. There he go, there's Carson. Not safe. Very foth here. I'll fly back here. Okay. Get out of here. We don't care what you like Carson. Okay, but out leave a little five year old girls alone and me. Anyway, go side with say in in house committee of high ranking administrators recommended the dismissals because the teachers violated the State administrative court prohibiting an active immorality that is conduct can inconsistent with the standards of public conscience and The official officially notorious to bring the educational profession into public disgrace or disrespect. Yeah, is it they already aren't? The two teachers were arrested on charges of loot and lascivious behavior during a January 17th raid at the now defunct Athena's forum near Pompano Beach at the now defunct. Are you ready for that? And you want to know why they're now defunct? Because your, holy, hard at work, put them out of business. Just like the old folkies in Hallandale put the button south out of business and that other joint, they put them out of business. Spring or allegedly was performing oral sex on his wife. Oh my god. While white allegedly was being fumbled, below the waist. Oh, they were assigned to do these outside the schools. Charges have been dropped against spring or court record show. White pleaded not guilty in her case has been pending since February. School board council Ed Marcos said the board could reject the case that they felt the allegations did not warrant punishment even if they were proven to. So in other words, they're all strawberry. He's black back playing baseball in a minor leagues and they'll be up there with the Yankees and that's scumbag George Steinburn are weak from today. Cook, Cookhead. Chronic Cookman. But these teachers who were having consensual sex in a private club that they paid in joint, which was nobody's business, not out on a street inside a joint. They gotta be suspended and may face firing. It says the board's discussion pointed the avoid to the issue although chairwoman lowest, Waxler termed a code art cake. Let me say it again. Nice going, Lawist. Oh, board member, remember Diana wasm and then I only wish I could say the same for her but I can't say. I would very much like to say this is not our job. Pick it somewhere else. In other words. Yeah. I'm not prepared to sit here in judgment in the privacy of what people do in their own lives but. But the bottom line is these people were caught doing something that is not acceptable. Republican Judy button equipped like the president. Like that. Waxler and Warren that the board would be criticized no matter what it did. The perception of the political be it's either going to be liberal board forces blah blah blah or the board doesn't take teachers should have a moral character. Trust me, that's how it's going to play in the newspapers. So, she's more worried about how it's going to play in the newspapers than the fate of these two good teachers which they probably are good teachers and maybe they are maybe they're not that's what they ought to be concerned about. Some board members were concerned that springer charges were dropped while the status of the case against white is unclear but Marco said the board decision had to be made independently whether criminal charges were filed or proven in court. As the compromise crack proposes spending the teachers with pay while they fight the board and then the administrative hearing. Marco said suspension without pay could not be considered punishment. Only two employees have ever been suspended with pay. One case occurred many years ago the most recent case occurred in 1997 when cross Creek school principal John Smith was accused of sexual harassment. It would be tied more than a year later before the case could be settled. Crafts proposal died with only wexler and wash them in supporting her although several members said they were uncomfortable proceeding only crap out of against firing the teachers. How do you like that? Springer was not present but he was represented by Tony Gentile president of the Broward teachers union. Why does he have an attorney beneath the sheener the attorney was present? Gentiles suggested the board could negotiate a settlement for a less drastic punishment without the district's suspending spring and beginning the process to firing him. This is just this is so American man it just makes me want to get on my hands and he's in puke. That's the American fucking way. Give on my hand and puke I said knock it on my hands and he's the way I think else because. God being big big deep due to for that right. Yeah. Just and you know something I think that ties in with this other thing that I clicked out I think there's a definite tie in. And I would a story about her all the way and I think against the shards and the pigs in a Pittsburgh last night which I'll talk about not about that. Would do wall do will school scores were on TV I heard the hump are yesterday. Oh seven. Yeah you should live so long. He's a crap. 6.9 national rating and a 12 share for golf on prime time TV. Does that tell you what we're dealing with out there does that you in idea. Yeah and that's why school teachers or anybody else. There's sex lives everybody's business what they're doing consenting adults with their own spouses. This is somebody else's business. No this is something that somebody should get in trouble for. Yeah. I mean it's just unspeakable in addition to which at least I'll say this for the Harold they didn't put in their article exactly what the allegations were since it wasn't really necessary. But the Sun Sentinel fellow was much more important to be a little more graphic about oral sex and finally under the way to the audio audio audio. Because it is a matter of public record so let's stick it in there let's stick it to them. And make them look as perverted as we possibly can just like all the stuff about bubble and more to stick to cigar. Back to him was it moist was it dry was it in minso was it a Cuban. I'm sorry. That's America for you baby. Prudish puretannical hypocritical stone age and George isn't in their reading the school magazine. How do you like that? You know what I say I say school board and Broward. I say if a you and f i u. That's what I say I say police that are reading his goddamn swing clubs. F.M. is a stimulus junior. Here's a mobile in Pembroke pine. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just happened to I wanted to call you and tell you that I go for a haircut in Hallendale. I'm a younger guy than I go for a haircut in Hallendale. Yeah. And I noticed the other day at the old diplomat mall which is where I go. On the corner which used to be a grocery store in about 5000 other stores. There's a discovery zone. How what could you possibly need a discovery zone for in Hallendale? I don't think you won't. I guess I did want to discover the sweet and low that's been missing for last 15 years. I guess I just found the kind of amusing and of course last night's Brian Andrews in the water. Was that a clear he is floating in the water Brian Andrews. I'm surprised he didn't put him up in a private plane and see if he could fly it up but cannot keep caught. And then of course you always have Rick Brian is there any possible way that the people could drown now. You know Rick, they've already been taken away. You know look at the very possible way. What did he actually was hoping by the way? I think he was getting some his joys on it. Unbelievable. I just thought about women. Oh, but okay. Thanks for the good news sir. Have a good day. And watch out for that discovery zone. You got it. Okay. Discover this. Oh, Hallendale. Discover life in Hallendale. Think it's a possibility. No. Can I see more on life in Hallendale? A place where you have to be 110 at least if you live on a Jewish side of the tracks. If you live on a shparks it's out of the tracks. Well, that's another story. 560, 5050, 5050, 5050 on a mobile one line. At least one thing I'll say for Hallendale. They may not be good and God only knows they sure aren't but there's at least consistent. Consistently inhumane consistently a piece of crap consistently garbage consistently old and funny dirty consistently we pressive. I'm going to tell you right now you just trying to get MTV off the cable again. I'll buy a place in Hallendale. I sure is how won't move there. But I'll buy a place. Ella establish a residence there just to fight it. Just to make sure MTV stays on in Hallendale. So all the old parts over there can vote for the Back Street Board on TRL. God, what a place. And be sure to say hi to Big Max when you go over there too. Oh, there is self. Well, we're Kim Nurey. And I've got no fear. Let me go where no man is going before me. Huh? The fight for lips. And move that lips. And acquire things that leads you and think that evil leaves is gutted. Things that is painless. But like a space man, I'm so familiar in Jureyne's. Correct them. It's like a pain that seems to be dirty. The reason things are right is me. All right. Your wounded side is all I think. Please knock a candy to me. Well, say that it's right. The tongue will act and not just say your face may hear of my dad's fan's radio. Now I'm a real man. We're gonna find something on the finger. No further. Please allow them to do something to kill. I got a must-see to be seen. My friend's told me number two. I heard you kneeling chak-chak. But I prefer you to do. It seems like a pain in your face. The reason things are right is me. It's going to be like. Don't move me inside and on me. I got a must-see to be seen. I got a must-see to be seen. Now put away that candy while controlling. I'm going to strike. Just being, I'm over to you. Things are not silly when I see real Jureyne's bruised. And I watched it all day, but it's not true. When I do, these misfeeling lack a man. You'll find it hard to sit down and I get done with your can. Take my companion as to you. Unbelievable. We did pain, they're vatting. Are you sure? We did something. Things like a penny. Things like a penny. Things like a penny. Too many. Okay, so that's a piece we did that for you. We just played a disgusting, lovely thing. And there's a big piece on crease. On page 80 and the mural this morning and the living part section. On the back of that section there's a kid's kitty page. And here's creases the word about the abandoned and it says it's not often you find a local bank getting a lot of attention, but creases doing just that with its five song EP. Six packs shy of pretty. And they got an interview thing here with Fritz. Well, the members of the band and he says they're asking them, what are you listening to lately? And Fritz says I can't speak for the whole band because we all have different tastes. I've been listening to Van Halen with David Lee Rock. The Talica and N.O. FX whatever it is. And Neil Rogers on AM radio. Thank you, Fritz. That's for you, sweetheart. Taste more like a quarter to me. Anyway, there you go. What? Oh, there's the thing. There's this thing. We got creases thing right here. But we don't need to do it. We just got to go. That's not going overboard. And you notice how the air isn't exactly working all that crazy like lately. I know they had a little problem with the yesterday. And now this morning it's starting to get a little bit on the tap inside and here. Not that I want to pitch about it. 560560 pound 560 on our mobile one line. We're searching for freedom in America. Can we find it? No. Is there many semblance of it? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you doing? Okay. And I'm calling it's Flander. You know, learn the worst station that you are on. We're not. 560560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hey, that guy needs to support education man. All right. Neil, man. I was watching NTV also. And that little trifling mincing little. I mean, my god, he should be back in the background. And the guy is just giving a friend of him. He's murdered my life. I was like, I look at him and I'm offended. I'm not. I thought about what's in, I'm hoping I offended. I thought about you. I said, I hope Neil see in this. And the guy is like, saying, oh, you're, you're, you're a, a heterosexual racist and you're a thing of it. He's a heterophobic or whatever. Tell I want to. Oh, it's like, what? This is a little bloodier. What? You're a durable coming from, oh my god, please let this guy die. I didn't notice episode. Yeah, I'm out of good. Let him die. I mean, I made a story to like a foreign country. Made the North Pole or somewhere where he's fit in better. Oh, man. I made a lot of fun off of Hillary. He's an equal pass for the ice princess. You probably good. I mean, you don't want to watch the program. But yet you want to see what happens because these kids are so dull. Yeah. They're so boring. And you know, we would just have to wait and see what happens. You know, at the end of the season. Anyway, this is your one of your dark complex friends just letting you know where I'm there listening. And if you can do it, the favor and play, I believe it's called a Jewish guy named Eisener. Oh, yeah. I'll go to the big white guy named Ben. You got it. Have a good day now. And back to you. And watch out for what's his name, Justin. Watch out for Justin. She's going to get you. She's going to get you with her little purse. I'm telling you right now with a little fanny pack. God. I'm sure, if I can't imagine why anybody in the right, and it's a right mind who's a member of any minority wants to encourage television to represent them on their programming. Just just put some very nice looking white people on there. Preferably young and with his little clothing is possible. And we'll all watch it and then everybody will be happy. And we don't really care whether they're straight or gay or biowitter. Just put them on here. We'll decide for ourselves. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. In fact, wouldn't it be great to have Justin on celebrity death man? Hey, anybody, you picked the opponent. I don't care what it is. Anybody. Maybe with your night would be good. Yeah, that would be good. Or maybe with Brian Andrews would be even better. Slop fight. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. You know, we're talking about the teachers getting suspended. Yes. But what I find scary about this whole thing is how the cops and the school board can go into where people go to a private place to have, to do whatever. Whether they're dancing or they have sex or whatever they do. They want to apply to play. Right. They did $100, whatever it was. What's the stop? What's the risk of going to a hotel room and tank the books for a hotel room? And you know, you do what you want there to do. And let me say it again because I don't see any outrage about this. Here we've got consenting adults paying to go to a private club to go in there and do the thing whatever they want to do. And we've got cops. The same kind of cops who are arresting these people and closing down swing clubs. The same hypocrites who are running a prostitution ring with 16 year old girls in Hylian, Kendall and the story gets buried. There's nobody in the town. It's got the balls to say what the hell is going on with this. Why is there no follow up? And nobody seems to care about it. I just think it's perfectly okay for cops to be torn out. 16 year old girls and for all the other cops in town to be the customers. 24 hours a day. Yeah, but I don't want to switch subject to something else. I'm not saying that they should hand here. You know, how are they? This is this is just wrong. But it is the issue with hand. It's part of the same thing. You can't separate the two. How can you have law enforcement that on one hand says, if you're paying for a private club, we're going to bust in there and we're going to arrest you. Even though even though it's inside it's consensual adults. And if we have a prostitution ring with minors, we'll cover up the story. Nobody will find out what it's really all about. We should get to every chief of police and work with citizens. Popping them. Yeah. And we should find out who he is and get his name and see what's going on down there. Yeah. And that club is already out of business. They're closing down. Well, lawsuit I'm talking about. Yeah. You know, and another thing is, you know, the minorities I want to call up this also. You know, the minorities complaining about the show. As I know, my noorities on the new program. Right. But not all of the minorities show. Think, but a lot of them do. I mean, there's exceptions. I don't, I just want to find a lot of their shows. Good. Right. And I'm not racist or anything. I just think their shows suck. And what are they complaining about? If it's going to, if you were going to watch it, they're going to sell ads. They'll put minorities on TV. But if my noorities show is not going to make money, why should it? What did the coalition is all about making money? It's all about trying the biggest possible audience and making money. And if they thought they could make money, my put in the reruns of the Jefferson's back on their 18 times a night, they would do it. But I don't know. They're complaining complaining about nothing. They're shows suck. Yeah. And that's all I got to say. Okay. How about I love loosely? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We sure got to work that today. Don't we, huh? No. 600 open lines here already. I'm fired up in pissed off. But I, and I told you, this never gets any responses to these twin clubs. But this is school teachers. See, I think if you got good school teachers as long as they didn't harm anybody. It's that DNA thing again, do no harm. They didn't harm anybody. And they really didn't break any kind of a moral code because this was all consenting to those behavior inside a private club, not in the middle of a shopping mall somewhere, not in the middle of a goddamn street out in the public somewhere. Nobody's got that business anymore than it's anybody's. One thing I'll say for Rudy Giuliani. Okay. And I'm not a big fan of his, but he made a good comment the other day because all this all the media now because they got nothing else to talk about. Oh, it's Hillary and the interview and his new book that's coming out and try to resurrect all the monika gait penis gait crap again. And Rudy Giuliani said if they asked me a question like that, I would tell him it's not of their business because my private life is nobody else's business. And of course, for every thing that everybody here is his private life and all that great anyway, messy divorce, etc. Coming up. But nevertheless. Oh, sure. So that's the answer. You got that business. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in poker. Hello. Yes, sir. I tell you that school board business. I think the lack of outrage is worse than the actual incident. There. I'm sitting here. It's like I'm talking about the monthly pegs. It makes no difference. These people are more interested in who want to golf match on ABC on the slide. I'm so ridiculous. Does that one school board member realize how stupid? You quote made a comment or you made a comment on a quote. She said, take it somewhere else. She realized how stupid that is. Yeah. And otherwise. Because she's dying of wasom. And she's so concerned about the public perception and one of the newspapers going to say, and how is this going to play out instead of doing the right thing by the school teachers? That's what that's what you ought to be worried about. Doing the right thing are these good teachers. Are they decent people? Are they doing a good job with a kid? That's what we ought to be worrying about. Not are they doing something in a private swing club. Well, I wish I had the time and the money to follow the school board members who are going to go to get these teachers. I would love to follow them around and check out their private board members. I let's get time feeders rubber raincoat back out again. I got a better idea. You know, just like Larry Flint comes to the rescue of the senators. How about our loan, our goal scene. Put in the ad in the paper. How about like a hundred bucks for some dirt on the private lives of the school board members. Yeah. He's doing busy being a professional guest on the cold and the Brian Chaudenet. How could be a hero in this town? That's all he's got to do. Okay. All right. See you. I wouldn't be surprised to say. And now, do he ever have to take the finger down or the finger still up? It's still up. They'll get around to that. You know, it's boring. It's the dog days of the summer. They'll get around to make an outtake his finger down out there along the intercoast and up in Pompatobete. The finger police. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. I tell you what, I'll go little. These people got me stirred up. They usually should get their books. They're no side of the books. And put them in the post. Maybe you watch them. We'll be a lot happier that way. Yeah. You know? Yeah. You know, you don't want to go live after the amp shows. And see a sexual over there. Maybe they can start it to get no two teachers. Oh, guys. The teaching. The teaching classes. Right. Maybe they're students. They're learning to get the police. Or something for Christ's sake. Yeah. Yeah. The nail on the head with those kids in Kendall. You know, 50 year old girls running around across the field. You're learning to get a shiver. Have you heard any more about that story? No. I don't know. Actually, that's what goes into the carpet. Is there anybody in this town? No. No. No. Nobody cares. Nobody. Here's that we got police that were paying their salaries. And we have police from virtually every law enforcement agency in Dave County. So they said, who are who are school and 16 year old prostitutes. They're running a horror ring with minors. Nobody cares about that. What kind of a place is this? I tell you. It's starting in the communism. There you go. Common Easter. Come on. I don't know what that meant. But at least he's pissed off and fired up there. One call left on the board. Here we go. We're really smoking today, baby. I totally come to work this morning. It's like wide open spaces. There's nobody here. And I'm sitting screaming in yelling. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Feeling sexy. Feeling canke. Feeling fold. Then come into Fredericks of Hollywood. Florida. Retirement havened to the elderly. So you wear a plastic hair monitor when it's sunny out. And a fur coat during the summer. And you're like a big deal. That doesn't mean you can't dump some crotchless pennies in a barbed wire brought tonight. What? Honey, we'll get to see Robert Panties. You're the great indeed. No grandma check out this jeet string and see through all their top combination. What? Oh, that is nice beer. I can see myself a really getting into that little number. Can't you know? Bring the husband. Bring your family. Bring your bed nurse. And come into Fredericks of Hollywood. Florida. Look for one of the retirement community near you. Usually on the show, AARP study debunked sex. Miss the old parts. They want it. I like that. That's right. Says right here. Not getting older. You're getting sexy. At least to your mate. Anybody believe that? No. That was one of the more intriguing findings. And a huge big gigantic mammoth survey of sexual attitude among 45 and older men and women. In the age of Viagra released to the body. AARP. The American Association of Old Farts. The nation's biggest significant group in Washington, D.C. Says they found the older couples got them. Or likely they were to say they strongly agreed that their partners were physically attractive. As if they had a choice at that point. You don't understand? That's a good pull for us to take. How many old parts out there? We have about four or five of them. Listen. Would rather happen a sack with their mate with their spouse. That's a Britney Spears or Jennifer Lopez, huh? Or Christina Agalera or one of those binbos. Right? They all wanted to happen bed with their. Because at least they can probably this possible last so much. Right? They won't have to pop so many pills. Here's four Loderdale. Hello. Are you sure? Yes, sir. No, you're great. Waited for how many for how long for that? 45 hours for that? He waited longer to get on to do that than Pride Andrews was floating around on the water there in Channel 7. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I got this for I'm going to play music today. I'm so fired up about this crowd about this bonus hard-head crowd. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Because he watched it golf. Yes, sir. Did you ever see that show Will and Grace? No. All right. That's really good. It's a show that they have this guy Will. He's gay. He's living with with Grace. These are food cake. And his best friend that I forgot to name with the other guy in the show. Jack. Two flavors. Jack. How they portray. This is how they portray. Jack and Jill. Yeah. But it's unbelievable. It's like they have two gay fellows on the show. And they portray them both like flavors. Yeah. Like that's a rep that I'm not sure. That's probably the most challenging in the movies. Airbie, the only movie I ever saw in my life where it wasn't like that was making love with Michael on Kean and the Kate Jackson. He was the only gay person ever portrayed the movies I couldn't figure. That was a squishy flaming queen. Yeah. I can't understand why they don't get protests from the gay community on something like that because it's like an embarrassment. Well, the gay community is still discovering that Ellen just went off the air. Okay. And Andy's out. I'm 55. And it took Britney Spears to give me a gum job. I'll stick it with my old lady. Okay. Good day. And good luck, your pal. No pop too many of those pills. Okay. Well, that's too late. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. No more. From cake, son, TV. Okay. I know at least 2,484,000 queens. Okay. And I have never in my life. Even Richard Simmons is like hercules compared to that one. That Justin. Get her off of there now. I mean, I sell blatantly head of a sexual, it's disgusting. Real life images you're conjuring up there on MTV. Nice. I say, if I you and then. I'm too much. I'm too much. I'm too much. I'm too much. I'm too much. I'm too much. I'm too much. I say, if I you and then. I'm too, okay. For putting that crap on the air here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Can you move me? Move me? Is mobile in Miami? Hello. Can you show me the biggest? Okay. He's busy playing with it. And I think he may have said, uh, if I could understand it. Thank God. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T line. I am going to play music in a few minutes. Because I can see that it's hopeless today. Here's a call from Braiden to Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Rating did. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm an listener from when you used to be up in Tampa. Yeah. Really miss you man. No, we sure could say the same. Yeah. I caught you a little bit down in Miami when you were on WIOD. Now, I've heard you were being broadcast over the Internet. Yeah. So I finally got my act together and have the audio web. Now you found out you switched stations. Yeah. So is there any way to listen to you from where I'm at? Yeah, we're on there. We're on the audio net. What do you mean by that? We're on you. Oh, yes. How do I find you? What do you mean, how do you find us? You just go to the audio net or you go to the audio net or you go to the audio net or you go to our website or you go to our website or you go to our website or you go to the other thing that we're on now. What is it? Whatever that other one is broadcast on our podcast. Where are all of the place? Wonderful. Made my day. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Boyside is so depressed. You must need us desperately. Don't say that. All right. 560, 560, 560 on the air. And I'll tell you one good thing. He was mentioned tap a briefly, but didn't mention. You know who thank God for that. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello. Yes, sir. I know I know it. Okay. I'm just like this, this world citizen, fallen about the jack food, it's not you. Store trooping society. I'm going to live it. Yeah. I'm serious, man. How many of you in this town cares about it? Okay. They got all whipped up for one day and go to the tax increase, which was good. We got to lift up that one time, but they won't happen again. They don't give a crap about any of these things. I'm not sure if I can hear something. Maybe I have to assume the majority of the degree with this crap, because nobody has anything to say about it. Maybe the majority of the people in this audience think it's great that the police have 16 year old prostitutes. Yeah. Well, yeah. For them. I wonder what would happen if you were a people. If you set up a horror ring with a 16 year old girl, I wonder how many years that would send your ass away for. So, I'll point you there a bump along. And it's just not right. You know, I'm living on Struggling. You know, I have a possession far too deep in. Three years ago. possession of one. Is it something like a one? Oh, no. Yeah. You had wick in weed in your possession, sir, and you're still alive. Neil, I'm still paying $120 a month for a so-called cost of supervision. Oh, my God. I'm a little bit of Florida Department of Corrections. Cost of the supervision, what? To make sure that you don't go out and buy any more or grow any plants in your backyard or God forbid even smoke some? Yeah, I guess. I mean, I have to have the peanut cup once a month. It's, and plus give them that money. And on top of that, it's like, if I have any altercation with any police, you know, yeah, whether it's my former not. Mama's reading a possession of four or five pounds. I mean, how much did you have? No, I did have a couple of pounds. Yeah. It was, it was a felony possession charge. A couple of pounds. I'm surprised you're not on death row right now. Wait and pair them to soak up the old chair again. Well, I don't know, Neil. It's just, I just don't get it. You know, later they don't care, man. I hate to break the news here. They don't care. That's why it is. And good luck to you. Okay. You're putting me into a coma. Well, he's the price that I can't blame him. I mean, but there's a guy that's smoking a wicked weed. And if you're going to smoke the wicked weed, they're going to send you away for a long time. And it's got because it's a Nazi. It's police state. Oh, there we go. Say that again. Well, it's a goddamn truth. It's a freaking police state. And then you got the thing like that. Haralbo piece last night in Pittsburgh. That's a hopeful situation. You got the cops. Some of them are obviously racist maniacs on the one hand. And some of whom are doing trying to do a good job on the other hand. And then you got the your charges. Some of whom are decent law-abiding people. And some of the rest of them are just scumbags. Or just ready to scream racist. No matter what they'll do. And it's hopeless. So, a hopeless situation. Well, I say, let's fill up all the jail cells with all the pot smokers and pot growers and pot dealers. And then we can put all the murderers back out there on the streets. That will be safe. And of course, also fill up some of the jail cells with people from those swing clubs. Right. Yeah. Especially if they're teachers. Oh, yeah. The teachers can't be having sex. 5, 6, 7, 8. In fact, you should kiss the round that there were teachers in the swing club because most of my teachers were they used to call in the old days old maids, which we now call bold bikes. Which didn't make a bad teacher is, but you know. Can beat that data meat. And beaters now from the director of Star Trek and the producer of this spy who shag me. It's the spy who shags, boss. Who won't make you hold me. Sir, would you mind explaining that's his place? Who won't make you hold me, baby? Yeah, too hard. Fascinating. And but quite being possible. Dude, really, very, very. And that's for my anatomy being different from yours. I am delighted. Well, they're ass along with a belief. Very long and judging from what we've seen so far, I agree. Oh, be hey. The spy who shags, boss. Joe, was Jack now, was Joe, was Shagman. I wonder what Star Trek command was saying about that. The long and prosper. Yeah, baby. 1114 at 5.60 W to QM, so better get to this. Somebody facts me. I've already got this. But thank you anyway for reminding me the editorial and other. You know, if you read it in the newspaper, you almost be a polycrack. Uh-huh. Nobody must be full of it. Trying to spread it to something that's garbage and trying to knock down something that's great. Like, because you know, for example, baseball's future. It's time to build a ballpark. It says the Sun Sentinel leadership and vision required to make a deal. I, you know, every time I think I've read the worst Swill in one of our newspapers that I ever read in my life, I come across something that even one upset. Believe it or not, it says a public private stadium preferably on with a retractable dome can be built without gouging taxpayers or enriching wealthy owners like John Henry above and players. It's been done elsewhere. And it goes on and on. We've said it before. We'll say it again. Major league baseball is an important community asset. An invaluable component of the soft lotus quality of life. Is it? No. No. Yeah. It's an important component of, you know, this, this is like the thing about if we don't have more metro rail, it's going to turn into a third world of toilet here. This is the same kind of crap. Like, how did we ever live here before we had to marlin's? And you know, something I hate to break the news to the asshole at the Sun Sentinel. But the quality of life here was to help a lot better before we had to marlin's. Not because of that, but because of things unrelated to it. So give us a break. The quality of life. An amazing community asset. It goes on and on and on about this in John Henry edition. Wayne High-Ping of that. All sorts of reasons for the marlins to want to settle in Broward. Nearly half the marlins fans live there. Yeah, all 10 of them. They had a game last night with a filth at Alvia Fillis. It says in a paper the attend, of course, it wasn't on TV. So we couldn't see it. Damn it. Not that I want to see the game. I want to see how many people were really there. The attendants in the paper this morning says 10,000. Which means probably there were really maybe 4,000 people there. Because that's ticket sold. Including all the suckers that bought the season tickets before they realized it was going to be a girls team. Oh yeah. Can they honestly believe Broward is so attractive and Henry has so rich the marlins have already been hooked? Is that why they're not approaching him and knocking his door down? Can they really afford to indulge the fantasy they can just sit back and wait for a ballpark to come to them? Let him come to us. My team like a good negotiating stand for Broward officials. Thanks to Henry surprising, candor. But it could come back to bite them. If there's anything harder than selling a stadium tax to voters. It's selling a tax to voters who thought they were going to get the stadium for free. A free stadium isn't in the car. It says the son Sentinel. A stadium deal that treats the fans. Tax pairs in owner fairly can be made to happen. If elected officials, not the community leaders, show some foresight and courage. So in other words, what they're saying is, where we shouldn't expect him to build a stadium with his own funds and with funds that he's able to raise, like he promised to do. And we shouldn't do that. Somewhere along the line, we should feel compelled to kick in. The tax pairs are living Broward County. Am I going to kick in? No. From my dead body. Okay. I'm not giving you a freaking dime for no stadium for this billionaire with this 165-foot yacht in judo Alaska. You can stick it up your ass and his two. I mean, you talk about Hutspa. See, this is one of the problems we have in North America. Is that the sports nerds now have become real brazen. And even though the quality of their product has, in most cases, gotten down to a level where it's laughable, where it's a joke, where it's a crap product. With all this expansion and greed, and he's overpaid idiotic moronic illiterate jokes. They got the Hutspa to take, then all the rest of us, who aren't quite as gung-ho as they are with his crap, they were supposed to subsidize it too. So they can have their fun. They can have their crap. You know, if somebody comes along and says, well, let's build a bigger public library, you know, a tax pair, but, oh my God, a library. And I don't go to the library. Okay. I can afford to buy my own books, but nevertheless, what do you think is more important to the quality of life in a community, a great public library, or a goddamn stadium? And I could go on and on with a whole list of things. I held a lot more important than a goddamn baseball stadium. Because you'll notice, no matter how many facilities they build, it's never good enough. It's never big enough. It's never a state of the art enough. It's never sufficient to, for whatever reason, it never's going to make enough money for the owner to cover all these ridiculous salaries. So the Sun Sentinel thinks it's a great idea for us to help you and Henry out. And for you, people, those of my fellow Broward citizens now, and now we're going to have a fight after the people in date had their battle. Because the Sun Sentinel thinks that we ought to dig into our, if they're so gun-hole-bought about it, how come the goddamn Chicago Tribune Company, which owns the Sun Sentinel, how come they don't pay for it? They're at baseball people, they own a goddamn cubs. Why don't they dig in there, deep pockets? And by end, the Help John Henry, build a stadium. That sounds like a great idea to me. They're a little all supported, except unless you build it in your somebody house, where it's going to create all kinds of traffic jams in a mess and disrupt everybody's lives. The notion of a baseball stadium in downtown Fort Lauderdale is so ridiculous to me. In an area already where it's impossible, the traffic isn't just bad. It's impossible, it's hopeless. Hopeless. This would be like saying, let's let Preston hen, we'll take down the overpass there on Sunrise and we'll block off Sunrise Boulevard again. Let everybody all the pedestrians cross the street and block traffic in. After we solve the problem. It's working too good there. Let's play everybody keep crossing the street and let the Nick de Viro supervise the BSO people there. Which we all know what that's all about. Here's a mobile in marathon. Hello. Amy, how are you doing? Pretty good sir. I just like to say two things. First thing I like to say is screw you how it's tearing your an asshole and the second thing is that I've been listening to you for about three years now. And my son hasn't been listening to you for about seven months. And he says he wants your autograph. Okay. Take care of mine. Two. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello. Neil Scott. Yes sir. Hi. I have a suggestion. You're ready. This is to make the floor seem in the morning a little bit better. Yeah. Replace Steve Colbs. No now Colbs. Yeah. There you go. I'm all for that. Are you going to watch him on Co-Net tonight? No, I'm not. I'm going to watch him on Co-Net. For when I've got 50,000 video tapes he sent me that I don't watch anyway. And I can see him in a person at any time I want. If I'm in the mood for a losing lunch. That's true. I don't know. I've actually never seen him. Oh, well, you've got to watch that. Hey, and that guy who was just saying screw you to how it's burned. Yeah. I've heard some people mention him a couple times. And I never really hear your opinion of how it was. I don't have an opinion. I think he's gotten some very bright people behind him who know how to pull the out of the way. He's got a lot of money. I don't think he's got a lot of money. I don't think he's got a lot of money. I don't think he's got a lot of money. I don't think he's got a lot of money. Yeah. And the only reason he has a right. And I don't listen to his show. Well, the only reason he has a right. So he could say whatever he wants about black people. Yeah. Well, I say whatever I want. I don't have a right man here. How do you like that? That's a make sure so much better. Okay. I'm going to use the word. Parts is on a year. No. Okay. Five. I mean, that doesn't mean that. Does he people be a little bit more honest about that in certain cases? Like for example, that thing they had life that on her wall though. I think for all of what a common sense we got this problem between the Pigs and the Sparks and Pittsburgh. There would have been a lot more entertaining. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I think we ought to play pros act. That's with two z's. Fuck the B.U. Instead of getting to the Sun settle in the hero. All the assholes that were there. Yeah, I'm going to play that in a little while. I love it. Here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami. 7 minutes and 15 seconds later. They're gone. Here's a mobile and a four-later Dale. Hello. Yes. How about a penny tax for schools? Yeah. That's what we need. Education. No. No, not the old folks don't want that. That's right. Because the young folks might get some smart and take over. No, no, they don't. They're kids aren't in school here anymore. So they don't want to subsidize education. Yeah. That's it. Adam material. Okay. Thank you. Okay. They got no material today. What the audience is telling me? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Any idea? Okay, sir. Well, you know what? Was all these bus going on for sexual things here in Brad, because we have another politician in the office of Howard Sheriff. Yeah, Ken Jenny, who's all of a sudden now that he got in on. He used to be a, you know, like a moderate Democrat. Now all of a sudden he's become a fascist. He's trying to walk through the governor. Well, he never met a photo opportunity. That's right. He's just a political horror. He is. He knows nothing about police. He's, he's an ever way to come out to make it. We're doing Jones for a nicked viral back. That's how bad this guy is. What I want to know is, you know, when caught, unfortunately, they unfortunately have a portion of cochrane. How did Kennie even become a candidate for this position? He has no experience in law enforcement whatsoever. Right. He was just the politician that got beat out of an election. He was floating around. They decided to give him a job. Right. He's a political hack. And it was the same way with Nick. He's kind of like the Alex Pena of a broader county. He just got, you know, he, this is just the stepping stone for him. On the way to his higher political aspirations. Absolutely. And you know what, and as soon as the shoot is that office comes up for election again. The people are, a brow county. I, hopefully, will be smart enough to drum him out the same way that they drum down Nick Navarro. Yeah. I hope I know I'm going to vote to go. I can see that they're really animated today. They're really whipped up to our friends. So, well, don't get too excited. Thanks, though. And have a great day. They don't even care about the Sun Settle and this thing about the ballpark. I guess you're already to pay, you know, more tax to build the John Henry of Ballpark is that to deal. Okay. Good luck to you first. I'll think about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And by the way, speaking of thinking about it, you know, yesterday something happened in here that really just frosted my ass. Joe Costello would ask me for, you know, if I would be kind enough to share with him some of my dolphin tickets because I get these free season tickets and parking passes from the station. And I don't mind doing that because Joe's a good guy number. One number two, he has something to do with his show. And then I'm walking out in the hall as the date progressed. And I mentioned that on the year. I'm discovering, see, I don't mind feeding hanks people. Okay, because they're good guys. Josh, Jason, those that crowd. I don't mind feeding them because Hank is not that, you know, plus Hank is near about the time. Like today's out there at Chulos eating his own free food, not sharing. And he did ask me yesterday you think I should feed the true nice in the hank. We'll take care of, you know, I'm a lot better getting the free food near the new R which I am. But I mean, I don't mind feeding his people, but I also, I don't think I should have to be especially, just stop and think about this. This is the one non sports show on an all sports station. Are you following this? That would be like somebody calling up. Don't I, I'm innocent. Hey, I'm an, can you get us some goddamn Yankee tickets? You know, it wouldn't make any sense. And they're calling me all these in and I'm calling, but they're like, why? Why don't we have a whole following me out of here today? Oh, you're watching Dolph and Digus. See, Jason, you're out immediately because after seeing that picture, the turtle and the toilet bowl, I mean, that's, I know, I'm just in no way. I'm just, I'll never recover from that as long as I live. That's something I'll take to my grave is the vision of that Jay shaped third in the toilet bowl. Having been expelled by your fat pimple. Back to me. Oh, God. I mean, that was serious. I have nothing grossed me out. I've seen it all. Even Tom Green, she went on those worms, you have a night. That was pretty close to the edge for me, but never let's not get a hand lift because Tom at least is funny, which Jason isn't. So Jason, he's Oculus. And Josh, you see, since he got the title now of Assistent PD or whatever his title is, all of a sudden, now he's like, you know, he's kind of like muscling it all his other territories. I think the answer is, no. There's only eight home games. And here's the way it goes. Okay, if George were a football fan, which he's not, but if he were, he would get number one, because, you know, he's part of the show. He's Mr. Hotshot. Okay? Oh, I don't like his attitude about the back speed boys, but nevertheless, like I said, George is moving down the list fast. With that Olympic biscuit crap. Like I said, see, he's only doing that because he don't want any sports tickets anyway. Although, what's in a while, he does ask for a hockey ticket. You're a good friend, Rimmerl, get you those. Yeah. Just don't hold him in your hand too long, because they'll have some special assault in sonner. And then Joe Christdell, comes right after that. And then after that, it's like, you know, and of course, long before any of Hank's people get any freebies from the show. I don't want to stick JP in there because he's going back to school in a couple of weeks, but nevertheless, is there any doubt? Is there any doubt in the world that he stands away, heads and shoulders above? No. Those guys? No. There you go. Just ask him a little fact like me and I'll tell ya. So, forget it, guys. You're out. You're a great friend. Your is the boringest person that you'll ever view. We keep taking many more, know what's more boring, and vice president out more. No, besides the things you have rested in his healing life. If you stuck with him then one hour seems like life. The story is the pouring in person that you love of you. The story is the pouring in person, those four different truths. Only once more wouldn't end him, enough be a fool. But you come to life, for we can guide, we'll ask the truth. The story is the pouring in, he's out on earth, is the pouring in person that you love of you. Okay, joyous, see facts, the info is finally from our sister station over there in the West Coast. Thank you, joyous seeing congratulations on the nice ride up in the newspaper over there. Although I noticed they don't mention my name at all or Hank or anybody else on QAM, but nevertheless. It says, this Jockey, Joe Scott, who's up and down, that over's announced were chronicled in this column. And it's not interesting. Over in four mires, they even have a radio column. Have we got a radio column here? No. We've discovered the FCC thing, they discovered the last book that came out. No. And a time jick is back, but he's still writing crap about these TV shows. You know, something new people at these newspapers in his town, you're the laughing stock of America. They could drop nuclear weapons in God Dan Medley and you people still be writing crap from 10 years ago. And the editorial would still say, oh, we got to have a stadium to sustain the quality of life. It says, relegated to WWCNAM by Beesley Broadcasting, Scott, who teams with Ryan from 6 to 10 AM Monday through Friday. We're Ryan, and I must have missed something here. Score the first major numbers in the station. 12 year history. I've gone air, Joey C. Even though we had higher numbers than he did. Arbitron ranked the Joe show number three in morning drive behind top dog Howard Stern on WRXKFM. Wasn't that interesting? WRXK has opposed to WFsRK. And contemporary adult contemporary WSGLFM of Naples from an all age 25 to 34. Scott was fourth from end 25, 54, fifth were adults in the center. For him today, view at number three is just incredible. Says General Manager, Brad Beesley. I know Joe has got a loyal following, but I was surprised as fans. Fought him as quickly as they did without us promoting him. Scott, who has said that 96 K-rock and flop the WJBXFM, threw a backhanded compliment at his partner of nine months. When Ryan really has done to say he doesn't say anything, he said that's a talent most people in his business don't have. Like Rick. Anyway, the station was 24th last year that's last Scott says there was zero as across the board. Wild life would even listen to us. The Beesley's better do the right thing or I'll be back to the note. We'll be back to no numbers. He says I want to get back to FM so we can compete effectively against Howard Stern. Right. Beesley, though, says he likes Scott's current spot on the dial. Joe put the station on the map. Beesley says I think he's found a home. Joe put the station on the map. Just remember that. Yeah. I'm not understanding. That's not taking anything away from Joe we see over there. Okay, at least the difference out of the front anyway. Why this? So we see the PD and Joe Scott. Two different guy. Like I said, Joe Scott, why would you just Scott's a guy that hates me like boys? No. Don't you love you. Oh, okay. Anyway, in the morning they had LFC, WDWCNAM. What is this? Person's 20, 25, 54. They had a 1.6 year. How does that make the number? I don't get it. But anyway, that's what it says here. Oh, I see. Six A.M. to midnight. I'm sorry. Excuse me. Boy, sure said it's a lot of crapper. Six A.M. to midnight. Oh, he didn't send me his things alone. Okay. So maybe he did have a good number. I don't know. I can't say I'm a 2.M. here. WDWCN had a 2. Here. In then 25, 54. So we're starting to make a little bit of a dead over there. And of course, most of those back here. Even if they're listening was right now. I would never have been in the middle of the years. Oh, you know that over in the West Coast. Most of those in knuckle likers. 5.6705. 60, 5.5. 60 on it. It's because they got bed in on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, with the state, I'm a sports fan. And it's every sports went away. Uh-huh. It wouldn't make a difference in anybody's life. That's right. I mean, I mean, I watch a lot football and hockey. And even women's soccer. But I was hoping for the tops to come off. And like I said, if they all just went away is quality of life would not diminish when I open it. I don't know how one they're talking about the quality of life is enhanced by having a baseball team here. Are these people crazy? There's nobody going there. There's no interest at all. None. We still had baseball down. We don't. We have a little league baseball. Right. But if we put, you know, the stadium in downtown Fort Lortodale would increase the quality of life for the panhandlers. Yeah, that's true. That's about it. But that's about it. Just like in the old Miami Arena, that helped them out for a few for five seasons. Exactly. Okay. Good luck, sir. There's a guy who's honest enough. You know, he likes to still like, I do. I enjoy it. But it's not life. It's not a replacement for like having a real living in breathing city. I mean, what's upon the time you had spring break in Fort Lortodale, you chased all those people out. And now you want a baseball stadium. Which would you rather have spring break in all those living in breathing college kids for a couple of months of the year? Or a major league baseball stadium, and nobody's going to go to. It's going to tie up traffic and create a nightmare. Sports radio, five, 60s. You pay. And theaters now from the producer of Austin Powers that spy who's gagging me in the director of Star Wars. It's Austin Powers, the rookie who shagged me. The rookie who shagged me. Yeah, baby. Only one rookie was injured during the making of this movie. Yeah. I know what's talking about. You like the song. You like the song. You like the song. You like the song. You like the song. You like the song. You like the song. You like the song. But it's a bit different. I've never liked it. I've never liked it. We don't want to get too music intensive because He pros that can this time. You say that right away. They're popping pills. Five, six, seven, five, 60, palm five, 60 on the 18th. T line, the headgober, sure from Schuels at two. Six o'clock. We got Donnie baseball. You know what that means. Oh, I mean, don't mad dog. That means we got another crappy ball game. That's right. Six thirty. The pregame. Seven o'clock. The Phillies have to Marlon's. Any interest in this one. No. We have a new baseball stadium because John Henry. We don't want to subsidize a billionaire. You understand that's what our newspaper tells us. But we just want to make sure that they don't go flying away. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Hello, New Yorker Morning. Yes, sir. I want to thank you for ringing attention to that article. A portal Mr. Henry, right? Yeah, 165 foot yacht up there in Alaska somewhere. And we got to worry about the kick in some tax money to build this stadium. Now, the article says that pro player stadium is not suitable for baseball. I got a question. If it was suitable enough for a championship team. Why is it not suitable enough for a last? And if it was suitable enough for them to drop 3 million people to first season when Wayne Elijah was taken said they lost money even that year. If 3 million people came out the first year, if this was really a baseball town, which is not, then how come they couldn't still be doing it? Exactly. He says he won't have enough money if the FBI has the papers on stadium to be competitive. Well, I'm going to ask the question again. Who held the gun was had made him buy this crappy team? And even if you do buy all the expensive players that don't guarantee your winner. Right. Just look at the Orioles. Look at the so many of these other teams. It's been millions and millions and millions they stick to join out. And if you get a winner, then one happens. The next year you sell them all off. You're back in the basement. You don't even get the build on it. You aren't just going to enjoy it. In addition, which they're not even talking about building. You're going to talk about two years down the road and three years down the road. And they're asking us in the meantime, the subsidized or horse crap team that nobody has any interest in. And then build this guy's stadium. So maybe pioneer sky if come, maybe somewhere down the road. He'll build a winning team, which will get everybody whipped up. You know, this is not a baseball team by the second team. After the novelty of that first year war off, the team wasn't drawn flies. And even when they won the World Series a couple years ago, they couldn't sell out to playoff. So they had playoff games with unsolved tickets. It was only during the euphoria of the World Series. This time put on a pre-tens of being a baseball pound. It's not. Never got a penny. Absolutely. Last question. Would you say that on this planet in this time, if you're less with the ability and the opportunity to play a game for a living? Don't you think that's pretty fortunate? Aren't you these guys a little overpaid? Yeah, just a few million overpaid, right? Like maybe 10 to the each year, right? I mean, what if they were to lower prices, lower the parking fees, lower the concessions? I mean, that's the way to build loyalty with your fans. Right. And if they ever do build another stadium, how about a little room to sit there? I mean, to put the seat right on top of each room. What luck is he like at the Macarena where they got the seats in the corners for 550 pound people? Have a great day now. Thank you. Thank you for back to me. No, no, you didn't understand. If you're going to get the good players, you've got to give them 10 million year, 15 million year, 20 million year, 30 million year. And some of you more on continue subsidizing that crap. That's the thing that really frost my ass. At least watching that stupid gulf Monday that it was free. If it was that boring, and I guess maybe it was. If you were that desperate to find something to put on there, at least it was for free. But there are assholes out there. There's I mean, that's what America's made on. That's what the whole economy has made on his suckers. We're watching this morning before the show. They're watching this on on on much music again. The 85 ads for the second deck network with all the respect to our good French real Griffin and then the Terro card bitch and all this other stuff. And then you see all the infomercials mostly on Sunday. The whole day on some channels like seven after they finished with the religious bull crap. Yeah, I think it's appropriate. They have the infomercials on and the religious shows at the same time. It's all a fraud. It's all chicaneery. It's all a con job. The con you want to your money. And that's why our good buddy Ron Popeel. That's why he's making millions. Right, because the suckers like you folks out there just like me with that juicer sitting in the and that pasta make a release me didn't pay for that piece of crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I was commenting on your talking about the teachers. I'm a teacher and I can almost tell you that most of this immorality and corruption comes at the administrator level. Look at the old days in day county. Johnny Jones. Yeah. The sexual harassment suits being filed against administrators at Northwestern. North Miami Beach with the cocaine. You know, they always try to put it on the classroom teacher. They're going to do anyway. And you know, it just really gripes me that the administrators and the big wigs and the school board. I mean, they cover everything up and then they put it on the little guy. I mean, we have to get punished. Well, for doing something that's local seems to care. Apparently, somebody seems to give a crap about this at all. I guess that by their lack of a response, I have to assume that they agree with what's been done. And you know, to go along with that in the local section on page 3B police fight crime with handing out chocolate chip cookies. You see that one. Oh, yeah. You know, I just can't, I just can't believe it. You know, and I, I mean, a one thing. When you read the ratings did Mr. ego even make a blip on the screen. No. Make belief station. No. They don't show up at all. Okay. They don't exist. All right. Yeah. Well, just just keep talking about it. I mean, you're the only one that even tries to. Okay. Have a great day. Thanks, lots. Yeah. And we got the people in date whipped up in the first place. Of course, that was going to cost in some money that paid themselves tax and rightfully so they got upset about that. But anything short of that, as long as they won't cost the money. Now, you wait and see if this thing should get on the ballot about a tax increase in Broward to subsidize John Henry Stim. It will suffer the same fate if not worse than the penny sales tax. I guarantee that it'll be an overwhelming. Oh, hold. Because I think today's of the public being willing to pay any kind of a dime. Like I said before, let's have a surtext on a tickets for the ball games starting right now. Starting for the next however many years that would have to continue playing in P.P. Let's have a $5 surtext on each ticket so that that very small group of pseudo intellectual jackasses, the sports knobs, so they can pay for their own guy at the stadium. The rest of us aren't interested. Oh, thank you. 5605050505050 on the AT&T Wireless line. And two bad that Metro rail thing ran and went down. We could run the Metro rail all the way up there to downtown for a lot of day. Oh, those data that's going to be built in the next 10, 20, 30 years. Here's North Miami Beach, yellow. Uncle Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I got a little spy report on those. On those oinkers, on that Miami Beach policeman. It was tipping out that little 16 year old girl. The reason why things got so quiet was for some of our other clients were other policemen from Fort. We know that. Oh, from Fort different municipalities. And now the sudden it's swept under the mat and it's all forgotten. I'm a tax parent. We all paid their salaries and weren't pissed off. But you say were pissed off. You're the only one that has called about it and nobody cares. I've been talking about it. I mentioned it every day on a show just in passing to make a point of the fact that nobody hears anything new about this story. Everybody in the media has either been bought off or they got Alzheimer's, one of the other. And the story just vanished. Did you just disappeared overnight? Hey, men to that last night on Channel 7 news was the most pathetic thing. I think since I saw hurricane George when they put a report out in the middle of the hurricane in Rick Hanches has asked you all these ridiculous questions. And when you see Brian Andrews and the water yesterday in this campaign, I think that was just. That was the all time, but. And what's the most. What's the most requested if you could uncle me on like the Earhart deck? Okay. Thank you. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line is the search. Continuuses will continue probing our test of a tentacle through the radio speakers to see if we can find anybody alive out there. That's just not just to re broadcast much music or VH1 or something. Get down. Yeah. Although it's dangerous because you're at night my car is second. I don't want to put that on issue. Well, let's say I'm continuing hanging with Jordan. Okay. That's a good match. Here's Miami. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I like to comment on that great letter that's like kid. Rolled earlier about about the Catholic school and everything. I was a I know who the kid is. He's a good kid. And I don't know who it is. No, because he told me he was going to send you the letter. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was like I was serving the food. And yeah, some kids just came up to me and asked me. What are the why I was serving what food? What are you talking about? I'm a kid. I'm a friend of his. I'm a hamburger asking for a yeah, I'm lent. Yeah. And then that teacher. Give the kid a detention. I mean, this teacher, the doose. You know what I mean? Okay. Thanks for the good news. We already got it was a great facts. Bad call. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Wartel's line. We're really going to be in for today. Maybe we got two hours. They went to go. We got two calls on the board here. This town is dead as a door. And they got nothing to say about any of this. See, I get myself carried away like that thing. We had the election last week. And I get all pumped up and really think that there's something out there. And then I realize, no, not really. Don't get too carried away. Here's a mobile and pepper client. Hello. You go. Yes sir. Find in the bay with such a successful estimate. I heard a channel seven tonight. You're having a brand and a burning house on surviving fires. Calling it a flame and the fire. All right. You put him at a burning building. He can hailed in the air. Yeah. I mean, like it was supposed to be. Bid news to us that he, that he floats. You know, like that was a big bulletin. What do you think he said when they called him up and said, hey, we want you to sit in the bay for three hours. Think he threw some blood in there when he wasn't going to let's sit in your house. And by the way, Brian Adams still ain't interested. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I forget the subject. I just wanted to say my favorite song and I'm not ashamed of it. He is by the back street boys. I won't play on the radio all the time. Ain't nothing but I don't know what's going on. I want to that one. I love that song. I love that song. I think I'm going to play it between now and two just over and over again. Endless loop. That song might make me turn down. I'm here begging for a phone call. I'll tell you that. He loved the song. I'll tell you what I'm on. I'll raise about and I just turned on the program. So if you've already been talking about them. Sorry. But the teachers that were suspended. Yeah. For having sex in a private club. Yeah. I can't believe that. I mean, what were they doing that was so wrong? They were having a sec. They were doing sexual act and that's evil and bad and immoral and grotesque. And teachers aren't supposed to have sex even with their own spouse. I know that guy was with his wife. You're going down on her. Right. That's all I did that last night. Yeah, well, great. Maybe that's why she's suspended. How about trying down your own life? Oh, but oh, I said maybe that's it. Okay. Okay. 560, 560, 560. This is the day I just threw my hands up and he didn't give up. Here's our last call. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hey, Neil. Don't give up. I give up right now. You're the only guy I got on the board. I really look at all these things that I'm all whipped up about. And these people are like that. You know, nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. I've got to talk about the brow thing. What's going to happen next? Like the cops are going to rate me in my bedroom with that one. What's coming up next? That's right. And then another thing. I just moved down from Jersey. I've been listening to you for about two months. And to tell you the truth, I got nothing gets turned. And you're just like, you just continue my whole morning because I just like, I drive a truck all day. Yeah. And you just like totally just keep me going. Great. So, you know, you don't have a lot of people listening to Howard in the morning and this show in the middle of the day. And then after that take us to see us there, whatever they do. Right. But like, before some guy was talking about, uh, you don't know. So, you don't need Robin. You don't. You just like make it interesting. Yeah. You by yourself and that other. Just imagine if I had an 800 number here, we can get the people calling here without paying for it from all over there. We got people listening on the internet all over the country. We got people over there in the West Coast even a few thousands of those those stickers and four miles. But I work for a cheap ass off it. So, you know, we do the best we can. There's nothing. Would that absolutely nothing. You stream? Do we want? Do you stream on the internet? Yeah. We stream. That's cool. What's the worst? You're Rogers dot com? Yes, sir. Excellent. All right, did. And have a great day. We're streamed the way he said to you stream. I was talking to you. It's going to be a personal. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line of desperate wins. They just keep getting worse and worse. And it's only the fourth of August. We only got like, uh, let's say 27. Only about 30 days to go until Labor Day, huh? Oh, we need to bet. Hi. I'm really proud of the musician. It's important. I know you're all familiar with my driver of the Rocks Master American one, where I added my own guitar style. You like this so much. I decided to cover other Rocks, like smoke on the water. You never got her to be worse. I can't really go to the Rocks, but I can't really go to the Rocks, but I can't really go to the Rocks, but I can't really go to the Rocks. So many water. I'll add a little bit of water. I'll add a little bit of water. I don't know if you can add that much. I don't know if you can add that much. I'm just gonna do some dancing. Yes, Rob, Rob. I'm just gonna do some dancing. And I need to grab it to cover rock classes. Now available. And for a limited time only, send in your proof of purchase. There are chance to win and then you get to art. Just like the one I play. So it's not those else who are ever seeing those old. You get living graphics, others rock, plastic. And I'll think to check, we could get to this, and I'll see you in the separate armances number. 12.02 at 5.60. W2QAM 5.60. Pound 5.60 on a mobile one line. I mean, that to me is one of the greatest mysteries in the history of the media. That whole thing, how that dead man can continue sitting there in the chair morning, after morning, and all these media people just laughing at his toes and pretending there's something there. During my channel surfing this morning, I flipped across and he was wishing his wonderful wife happy birthday just before he got Fred, his brother on the phone from the ranch. Again. But anyway, see that as it may. That's right. That's going to be on Waffin. So I'll be laughing about that. That's going to be some really stiff competition. Here's a mobile in Fort St. Lucy, hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. Okay. You know, you got from this last week and nobody wrote nobody talked about it after that. I just thought it was San Francisco's proof that that A whole Lord Phillips. Yeah. And so I'm thinking, next time she beats somebody up in San Francisco, wouldn't the 49ers be advisable for that? Why are you going to be advisable for one? So it is behavior because they know that he has a history of violence on the women in the around them. No. Of course not. How can somebody else be responsible for your individual behavior? Well, because, like with the shooting in Atlanta and stuff, they're there being food because they knew this person had a history of violence, and they didn't protect the people around them enough. Then that's that that's that species is ridiculous. Why agree, but come and go to be demo, Bobby's superheroes. That just has certainly only reason that this goes on is because the fans, these sports nerds, encourage a data like it. Just like when I talk yesterday about Dural Strawberry being given a week early to come back by Bob Light, it's the same crap. The so-called fans, they don't have any principles. They don't have any screw pulls. All they care about is if somebody can get their team to win, they don't care if it's the worst scumbags out of faces, they don't care. Don't you get it? They don't care. I don't care. That's why that sports in America. And then people who don't want to wonder why the kids have got the wrong values and they're all screwed up. Did you change the request? Yes sir. Keep them through keyhole. Okay. Thank you sir. 560, 560, 560, 560. Well I mean I'll say yes to anything, this man's going to play it. I mean they keep requesting this. I want to play a different stuff, you know. Like Lenny Crabbitz plays the my greatest hits. 560, 560, 560, 560. I would Lenny Crabbitz plays Prozac. We're going to be playing that from one to two. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. First of all I'd like to say that you make a lot of driving this part of my job. You make it a lot more bearable driving on these roads. And a lot more bearable if I didn't have to go through this exercise every day of my life. You know what this is like doing a show in this town. It's like trying to squeeze blood out of a rock. That's what it's like trying to do. It's impossible. I go home and I look at the mirror and I wonder how to help have I managed to survive this long. And a place that is this place is. Right. I have a couple of comments about the shows on MTV. Yeah. First off I want to say that this season of road rules absolutely stink. Right. The worst one. Ugly, idiotic, pathetic, boring, depressed, manic kids who don't need that. Did you watch it last night? No. At that girl, the black girl, I Anna, was freaking out doing some sort of boo-do and just pissing everybody off. And I think this is just think the ship with all of them on it. And they can also take the kid from the real world that fruitcake and maybe you can keep it afloat. Give him another. Give him off my set. And even though the show is a bat for some reason you just keep watching it. I don't know how you would happen. No, I don't. And the last thing. Not any good flesh on there. My I'm a zippin' long real fast. And the other thing I've noticed, you know that show total request live with car. You're really. You wear the same exact clothes every single day. Yeah, I know that. I think it's like an overweight guy, not like obese, but a little bit fat. And you always wear it's a T-shirt with a long sleeve shirt like on top. Yeah. It just kills me. I want to see him wearing a shirt tucked in just one day. Do you have a wife, you know? I think he should just come out of the closet and show that it's fat. Okay. Have a good one. See ya. Say hi to what's his name, Julian. Justin. Justin. What's that? Justin. Hey Justin. I know what's the heterosexual conspiracy Justin. I'm a little more of the against the issue sweetheart. Including me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Thanks a lot MTV for really giving us some real good fat role models there. If we could just all go up to be like Justin, we can all get the crappy none of us. Here's Boker, hello. How you doing today, Neil? Okay, sir. When is your fashion going to start with the about these private clubs? Well, they're going to do. But it's not called, maybe it's not called. You're colleagues this morning. I shouldn't use that colleague. They're Paul and Ron on that other network. No, not behind me. We're both radio-distockeys. You know? Yeah. Anyway, we're talking about the same subject. They said that it was absolutely horrible that teachers were in this kind of position. No pun intended. And that they should have a higher moral standard because of the fact that they're supposed to represent the community. What a bunch of people. What a bunch of a horse crap that is okay. I wonder how much crap they've been doing in their lives. Okay, which is nobody's business anyway. What kind of garbage is that? Teachers because they're teaching children. What does that cut to do with their private sex life? In other words, maybe Paul would like to tell a teachers what positions they should do at home with their wives too, so that they can be really upright. So to speak, upstanding. You don't understand as all these. There's a lot of people. I can't believe that they said that. I find it hard to believe that they're that. Honestly, one of them was just a police one that had a teacher's huge in a somebody called and they said that they were just talking about how horrible that that goes on. And that what they do to be by. Horrible. That what goes on that there are swing clubs where consenting adults pay me. To me, I don't see the difference between joining some other guy damn kind of a club. You know, I brought up the thing about fraternities the other day and had almost no response about that. We're people pay through the nose so that all these do's. So they can go there and get drunk and get laid into all the other growth tests. And maybe get killed. But that's okay. Nobody has any other way. They never were related to begin with. You know why it was. But he knew why it was rated because they can't get any decided that he's going to be the moral leader of Howard County. But they're like the good stepping stone to someone his next to the office. But they're five others that are open all the time. I don't understand. They closed them down and they're working on the other ones too. They've been doing their best with those and before too long, you know, they have all closed down. Just a matter of time. You should live in that live. Well, good luck, Jacer. This is the US of A. That's not the US. F in way. What's the other one? Plato is in the city for Lauderdale. So they're safe out of the reach of Ken Jenny. Oh, what Ken Jenny, of course, is unincorporated, uh, Broward. Where he's got his testicles and his tentatical stuck wherever he can get him. Back home. Probably there too. He's another fascist. Every time we get a new, you know, new sheriff in Broward County, they try to outdo their predecessors. And stack Bobby Butterworth, uh, uh, Nick Navarro. And now we got Ken Jenny to make it a mall look like bikers. Oh, we got the turgidity law. If anybody's got an erection out there. I mean, you're going to jail. Lease, pretend to 20. You're going to do some hard time, baby. And I'm going to say afternoon. You know, who ought to do some hard time is Todd Dreck for this copy that it gives us that we still don't understand. But I'll do my best for our good friends of the Colugula man. Where is else? Do you want a blast of fresh breath or just a blast? Do you want to feel good? Or do you just want to get so high? You don't care what you look or smell like? Then try a new crystal meth. The new breath pressure that works from the inside and last four days. You're on new crystal meth for that icy cold feeling. Crystal meth. This is not your father's crystal breath. It's crystal meth. That'll available at local dealers everywhere. 14 at 5.60. Don't step on me again like that. Would you please? Thank you. 1214 at 5.60 WQAM. Would do Val Duels score as well on TV? I do! These are the important things that he learned in public are worried about. I'm sitting there. I'm not that I'm some kind of an intellectual or even a sewer intellectual, but I'm scouring for some kind of a show that might be interesting. I'm watching 60 minutes part two. I'm watching 48 hours. That Harado thing on MSNBC. A little bit of flesh on MTV and then back to something interesting. Something you might learn something from. Something stimulating. And these assholes are watching golf in prime time. And you wonder why they're all out there. They've been loom like this. You can't complain about the freedoms that he murdered in public because they don't have any. The only people who are free are the loom six that are busy shooting everybody. And on MTV right now they're having a big service in Atlanta. A memorial service to make everybody feel better. Comfort? As we can, they're broken hearts. Oh yeah, and land at memorial service of hope and remembrance. This country, that's what we keep having. Every few weeks we have another memorial service of hope and remembrance because we hope we don't have it again too soon. Hope you remember we keep savoring over and over here. There's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Hello Neil. Yes sir. You are the Patrick Henry of this town. I just want to thank you. And can I praise and call somebody a bad name? Here's the South Miami. Hello. South Miami. Yes sir. Are you doing it? Okay. I think the audience is in a deep sleep today. I think that all that energy we've spent on it election last week. I think they need some rest. I haven't heard you for a while. I had to go up to the middle of the country to do some work in Indiana. We're all the corn huluas. All the corn huluas are. Corn huluas. And the huluas. They're going out. I haven't heard you, but you're still the same. Still here. Say again. I said I'm still here. Yeah. I'm still here. I couldn't believe I saw Jimmy Johnson going into a court back and up the Tony Martin there. Well, I disagree with you. You know something. I think I hope Tony Martin and I like Tony Martin. I always thought he was a decent guy and a good. I don't know him personally, but a good player. I was unhappy when they got rid of him the first time even though I don't follow up that much anymore. Like I used to. But I'm not pulling for Tony Martin because he didn't kill anybody. He never stole a freight train. I'll help it in this one case. Tony or gets lost. What did Jimmy Johnson have to do with it though? Well, he's never just showing their support. That's all when anybody goes in to try like that. They're friends and whoever, you know, they're employers. They go in there and show a little oral support. Yeah. So, you know, they're never been there. It's a flag or a west or east to where. 71 11-wise flag. They just go to the palm metal and go east one mile. 71 11-wise on the north side. Hey, could you play Barney taking a dump? We have a great day. No. 567. By the way, we didn't do crap in Fort Myers. Okay, we appreciate that the two Joe's over there trying to make us feel better. But we didn't do crap squat. See, they didn't show me the morning number because they don't want me to feel bad. We came in like time for number 700 or something like that. We don't have to do anything over there. See, just once in my lifetime. Once. Just one time. I'd like to be on in a real market. You know, Tampa was that my market? No. No. Fort Myers. No. We don't. We got a small handful over there is what we got. About like this, a small handful. Which most do you can relate to? 567.0.560. Pond 560. On the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. He's a local boy. Yeah. Here local guy. New. You know, you're the talk of the town. Listen, you know, I do have a job. If you were one of those newspapers, those right wing those pictures in the four Myers, would you be inclined to listen to the show you think? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. There you go. There you go. There should be sound testing. Kiss. Not this thing. You know, I bring a lot of things to the plate every day. You know, it's not response. None. Zero. None. But well, okay. Oh, it's spilling over today. It's so full and I get no response. It's like I'm talking about, I can go on and talk to my little pincher. And I don't do it. And get a better response. Well, I'm not a big caller, but, you know, I mean, I listen to you a lot. And I mean, I hear what you say. I discuss it among, you know, the people I work with. Like the thing about the cops, you know, you mentioned at the other day. And that came up at lunch now. How is it possible that the story about the 16 year old girls and a prostitution ring in a country where God forbid that we legalized prostitution. And that first of all, if you, I don't know how old you are, but I'm assuming you're over 21. All the part. Oh, far. If you were having sex with a 16 year old, even consensual sex, you would get nail for statutory rape. Forget about hoaring her out. You, you, you, you, you, you can't bail right now. You might have just think about that for a minute and smile. There. Well, Brittany's almost 18. She's getting close. Well, baby. But that, you know, when you, you know, we, I mean, I just speak it for myself. But I think most of your listeners, you know, not the call. I think most of listeners here, what you say in response in one way or another. Look at the vote, okay? I mean, I was out there. I did it. Seven o'clock in the morning. I made sure that I'd punch my, punch your thing. Your pipes, your fucking, yeah. Listen to two other things. I just wanted to mention, just, Erksme, they resurrected Mr. Wipple. Have you seen that? No. Oh, yeah. Mr. Wipple is back where she started. He's still squeezing it. He's dug him, dug him up from the dead, unrapped him. Really? He's piece back. Second off. I am a grudge. There are a power back by the way. She's owned in dead for about 15 years. Wait till I bring her back. We're going to go. Oh, man, her, her meat. Oh, geez. Where is it, me? Any shoelaces. Listen, in the morning before you come on, I am a fucking pusher. What happened to Mike Reneri in, uh, Henry Barrow? Henry Barrow? Oh. Henry is a retired. He's a wine tasteer now. He's been a lot of grandma, boon. And when he's up at WJNA, 1230 on the dial in the morning, Well, listen, four times sake, uh, you know, get that smell and taste that you're mouth and the hookah booga. Okay. Thanks. I have a great day. Yeah, this guy's like the guy yesterday's orchestra. Okay. Will you play this and these four things in a row? And then when you're done with that, you know, what the hell is that, Henry? Then poor Henry. He retired very suddenly after we got that call on here that day from that Jack As Mark, uh, what's his name? Thanks forever to get that taste and smell. How do you system? What was his name, Mark? That's a mention. How quickly they forget? I went to school with a couple of kids named David Bob Benson and Canada, with New York and Canada, they were, Canada, me, anybody care about that? Oh, in the next few minutes, I'm going to list the names of all the kids that went to high school with. What's wrong with that? Bill Barlow? Huh? Ronnie Stigins? Bob Wooderspoon? What do I have a memory or what? Marty Schneider? I remember the ones that looked good. What about that one you were talking about? Who's that? Oh Jim Park? I didn't go to, I mean, he was a year ahead of me. Oh, he didn't just look good. Hmm. I'm going to emotional just thinking about it right now. Bob, those are long, long wasted years. You know, that's why you can't let any grass grow under your feet as you get older. You can't waste any time. That's what I'm telling you right now. Don't be saving that for a rainy day because you may wind up with a long drought. Five, six. Remember that song, Trausard drought? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. On the mobile one line. Remember what Bob Green says? Quit playing Trausard drought. It's a little Bob Green. I was thinking about him in Cheryl the other day. Did they call him congratulated us on our great ratings? No. No. Did they call him the commiserate with us about that FCC? No. By the way, if they'd have been a hell of a lot more of the Cox people, a hell of a lot more conscientious, including Mike Disney, and that whole bunch of down-loaded losers they had ten years ago, we could have avoided this crap again. They really, they were pretty weak. Their response was so freaking weak. They were fine for playing Boys, Want, Six, and a morning. I mean, when I stop and think about this stuff that the Federal censorship commission is also iconic about, it makes me realize we do live in a police state. The word police, the comedy police, that's why I'm amazed that even loud this new movie, Dick to come out. And the promos are great. On MTV, no less with all those kids watching and they're saying, you're going to love Dick. How do you like that? You like it? Uh-huh. A bit. Here's the four. I know what Justin does. Are you sure you're a police officer? Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. How close is the stadium issue coming over there in Miami? Is it even close to coming on the ballot to try to... No. No. I'm from Columbus, and I think they have a hockey team that's coming into the NHL. That's right. Our old buddy Doug McLean is going to be your coach so good luck to you, sir. He's a hard ass. Good guy, but a real hard ass. Really? Doesn't mean it's squad. When they came up, they wanted public funding for the arena there. Yeah. It went down big time. I mean like a 61. Great. And how do they do it? Well, the pro funding people started campaign like two months before it ever came up to the ballot. The realistic people. Just one guy and I forget his name started the campaign about, hey, we don't have to subsidize this. This can happen without public money. That guy was only on the air or he only saw him for about a month before the ballot. Yeah. And it went down 61. And it was, it wasn't like eight weeks later. A group of investors there in Columbus from wealthy businessmen got to mine together and they built the arena downtown and all that. Yeah, you know Joe Robby didn't come to the public and say build me a stadium. He didn't wait around. He got his own group together and they got their own financing and they built P.P Park right now. If it wasn't for Joe Robby, there would be no more dolphins. There never would have been the marlins in the first place. And if there wouldn't have been the marlins, there probably would have been the panthers. So if one for Joe Robby you took the bull by the horns and created his own financing, there would have nothing here at all. The idea that the public should subsidize stadiums in arena. This is mass insanity is what is. This is an idea for crazy people. Right. Yeah. Well, anyway, I'm just one of those sport Myers-Phos stickers. I'm why you're faithful, lifters. I enjoy your show. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. Great thing. Of course, he's in the right because he's paying for it because we don't have a line because we're so guy damn cheap over here. And too bad by the way, Greg's a little under the weather again. You know, Greg's got a cold. He's always sick this great. You want to know what it is that causes that guilty conscience. guilty conscience. That's what comes. Seriously, it's, uh, where's on your immune system. Created, you know, and also of course, God punishing him besides, you know, he works up in the morning. Here's the voice of, uh, punishing him for being such a cheap prick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Are they fired up today? No. Are they whipped up to a frenzy? No. They give a crap about anything today. No. They give a crap about anything. Well, fumble our way through. Just, you know, just one day. Seriously, just one day. I'd like to have that 800 line. Just out of curiosity because I know, because we're always hearing people tell me that to try to hook up to the hour of our website and they can't get through a lot of times. There's so many people listening. All over the world, they're listening of this show. They didn't grow. Okay. They're listening. They got a crap to say. If I could just reach out my tent, tentacles and make some kind of contact with a little living and breathing people out there in a real world. As opposed to this goddamn bastion of death, you know, there's nobody cares about God damn Mahalendale about the button south. Nobody cares. Nobody's got anything to say about that. This was a legendary place, by the way. The button south. Where the strippers going to hook up with a rock star. One of these boyfriends now. Yeah. Where's Sunny Rosenberg going to get those lathe answers now, huh? Get serious. The button south. Oh, they're gone. Anybody out of the age of 100. And that's why the old parts are taken over down here because everybody else are in Lala and they're all spending their lives on the wall. Yeah. I can go off on TV. 6.9 sheer my fat pimple ass. 26 past 12 at 5.60 WQA. I'm your indifferent station for the 90s and we're proud of it. Time for two sets of red. How young is two young? How young is two young? Well, she got no time to say that she put up with a 100 set up. She forgot all the jobs with these kinds of domestic feet now. And that's you, baby, you're a baby God. Till we once are told that it's eight now. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. And she will find my not-tell the voters now that they don't play. How young is too young? I'm 31 at 560 WQM, the Hank Obercio from Schulis State 2 at 2 at 2 at a clock. Or we can get back to the important stuff. Sports, baby. I don't know. Football. No, no. 560, 560, pound-560 on a mobile one line. Here's Del Rey B. Chilo. Yes, sir. Yes. Hey, how you doing sir? Okay. Let's get to here. I just want to start out by saying, man, you're the greatest. I don't know what that is. I got a quick story real quick about the criminal justice system. I don't know if you heard a story or not last week was on the news. Just like a quick promo. Apparently like three girls going out one night went into a, one of the girls once until convenience store right. And she didn't know for about five minutes. So the two girls are getting worried. They may go up to, you know, go inside and see what's going on. And the doors locked. And also not a lot of lights go off. So, you know, they're getting real worried. They call the police and the police are ended up breaking in the back door. And they see that the court inside and you got to head between the girls later. And apparently they couldn't even prosecute the guy. You believe it? So bad. So weak. So tragic. So sad. 560, 560, pound-560 on the mobile one line. See what I'm saying about Sita and Comedy? Oh, God. And this guy's walking around on the loose. Here's our last call. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. I do a nail on my feet. We've heard a lot of times. We're very desperate, desperate. Question my own, uh, reason for existence here today. I'm a super, super long time listener back in my image for the first time about a year. I'm certainly moved. And I just can't believe that one of the first things that here when I come back is that they're trying to get another stadium off the ground. I personally don't understand. I was living here when they built the Miami arena and the Miami eat grass. Or any from top to bottom thing. We want guide boxes. We want fish. We want fat. We want fish in that. And right now it's a big pink hole. It's about to be, uh, that they don't even know what to do with. They can't pay off that for it. So on and so forth. And now they want to stick it to Broward again. I just don't know how many times up for ready. And the kind of leadership, the kind of leadership we get from our local newspapers, always urging us to do things that make no sense. And at the overwhelming majority of people want no part of just like the penny sales tax last week, they got with 68 to 32 percent. And now the Sun Sentinel's trying to give us a song and dance about coming up with some formula to give some of our tax money that is multi-billionaire. So we can build a new play toy. Neil, you're absolutely right in the sense that, um, little liquid Wayne High think of it. You know, he hangs in here for a few years. He brings state all to admittedly their number of fans here. I'm not the biggest face all fans. I only went when I had free tickets. But by the same token, uh, these people have more money than God, as you'd like to say. And there's no reason that anybody should pay one dime to build a stadium that they, they, they, they, they, they revolve benefits from. I don't know what people get. People live here for a long time without baseball. And, uh, look at the first thing they do that breakdown and a championship game. And then I'm sure pretty soon this guy Mr. Henry is going to start saying, well, we've got to move. We've got to move the team there. Well, that's a, well Wayne, that's the scam Wayne poll with the Panthers. Oh, they were moving the Nashville. They were moving the Portland, Oregon. I mean, we just can't make it into Miami. And all of a sudden, all on behold, our county came up with his magical thing with his, uh, you know, the, the bed tax on the tourist. And the, the, the, the came up with a way to finance this arena for him. And I, I would just say the George during the last break. How did I, I've lived out there in West Broward for 10 years. How did we ever survive out there in West Broward without the macarina? How did we ever make it without that arena there, you know? I think, scratch in my head and ask myself that question. People live in sports unfortunately. He's gotten way, way, way too expensive for for the average person. I admittedly make a fairly good salary. It was making a fairly decent one here in the Miami area when I, when I was living here, I grew up here. And I still found that I, I personally couldn't afford, given my, my other, uh, budgetary concerns that I could afford paying for, but if he's in tickets, but it, it's just insane how they want to, to build stadium after stadium. They don't even know what to do with the ones that they've already built. And then the first thing they do when they, when the fans started drop off, which they sure, I don't even know why one person goes to see the Marlon. I don't know. I don't know. Those few thousand people who show off have got to be the most lifeless, desparados in the history of the human race. I'd rather stay home and tick my nose for three hours and go to a Marlon team. I get free tickets. I haven't gone in three years. And by the way, most of my can't give away to anybody. Oh, and I, and, and, and, and, and, and why can't, there's just, there's, there's, there's no competition out there. Number one, but, but, again, just the fact that these people have so many millions of dollars and there's no reality in the. The million, so billions, with the be billions of dollars. The billion billions of dollars to the taxpayer is to build on the new play toy. Please tell them, you know, where they can stick that new stadium. Keep up the good work and I do listen to you by the way on the internet. I can, I get the, I tend to have no problems. Okay, excellent. Thanks a lot, pal. Take it. Just like today, you'll get any of those problems, no waiting. One call on the board here. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, animal. mobile. See, I made a bad mistake by bringing up that thing with, and every time I bring up about anything to do with a swing club, right away, oh, it's like, like we just said, somebody here's got a leprosy. You better turn off the radio. You're going to catch your leprosy through the speaker. They don't want to talk about that. They don't understand it. They're obviously frowning on it. They must be. They must take it to disgusting, rotest horrendous thing and God forbid a school teacher ought to be there doing anything because it's nauseating. Whatever happened, everybody mining their own goddamn business, whatever happened to that. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Okay. Thank you for your brilliant colors. One of the Marlin fans offering up an interesting four letter word that started with an F. You know which one I'm talking about? See, don't say the F word. Yeah, that one. He goes to every Marlin game and therefore because I don't agree with him, I can go F myself. Thank you so much, sir. And give John Henry a big kiss right on the old rectum while you're at it. Let me say it again, sir. It must be really nice having all that elbow room out there at that ballpark. 10,000 people yesterday a ledge. I guarantee that they had 4,500 that was a lot. They were counting two and three times. But for people like this, we got to spend our tax money. So this guy can have a good time because that's his idea of having a good time. He's watching about your 18 year old kid pretending to be major league ball players. And every time they get somebody who actually can play and a fan's going to catch two. Oh, he's gone. Goodbye. See ya. I'm sorry. I can go F myself because I'm out of Marlin's family. Good. Okay. I'm going to try to do a run Jeremy. Maybe I'm double joinable. Fine. That's the kind of attitude I love from the sports nerds. I mean, I've talked to a lot of assholes over the years, but this guy, he's right near the top. Because here's an arrogant jackass who has no life. It goes to every Marlin game. No life whatsoever. It's like a little restaurant where they used to have a good chef once upon a time. It was there for a few months. The food was sensational. The price was reasonable. And then they fired the chef and they bring in some guy off the street, some banana boat guy who's making slopp. And they raised the prices and raised the prices and a food gets worse and worse. And his guy keeps going back. And then they say, oh, by the way, we know what to private business here. It's a restaurant. Not not a library, not to something like that. But we like to public kick in. So we could build a bigger and better restaurant. We like to taxpayers to build us a new building. And this guy would say, oh, yeah. But sure, just keep fishing me out that slopp. You're a pathetic pal. You're a lifeless piece of walking turd on two legs. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil? Yes. Neil, I'm a taste. So I've been down here for 45 years and I commend you. You should get the silver store. You're talking to these ignorant people in this town for this long. And I, as you go to purple hard, listen, I'm telling you something. I was listening to you coming back from Kindle, Minnesota, and I'm ensuring to have a hand. Yeah, it's all the grateful dead for 28 years. And I don't listen to the show and let's hear it on it. And the last time they pulled the plug-in, I put listen to the guy's hand saying, because these people got their head so far in the sand. And this hit little town that's trying to be a pretend big city that it makes me want to thank you every time I walk out the door. Well, well, fine, shitty. Every time I hear that, I don't know what to laugh or what. Well, there's plenty of things when we just talk about the mods. You know, they're going to feed somebody to the damn why and it's going to be lines wrapped around the place tomorrow. But they get somebody to go watch a baseball game. I mean, these people were not real fans, they're transits. They don't live here. They exist here. And they're there. And I should be baseball fans. They're the kind of crap that they're putting. I like I said, I'm in the middle. If a restaurant starts serving up slops, why don't you go back for second? You've got it, partner. I'll tell you this place. It's made me so sick in the last 20 years to watch what it's done. And I thought, like, you know, this guy keeps going on this radio station. He keeps doing this job. And why he does it? I have no idea because most of the words that you're saying are fallen deaf ears. These people are, I'm just a rudeist. There's a most ignorant person. I'm a beautiful radio. I come from my own born and born and born and born and born, David, in 1954. I can say this about my town if I want. But these people are at a sucks. Yeah, they're just a, it's a hit town. It's trying to be a big city. They just can't do it. And they've been trying to do it since what? 1908? I don't know. God. I don't think I like the Westbound. I'm looking at the days off the counter. Have a great day. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one. It's like I talked to thing with a panthers when Wayne was threatening everybody. Oh, they're going to move out of town, building a arena. So we built in the arena. Now it's a social club. And they just about come close to filling it up every home game. Not because we have any hockey fans here. You see, as much as I'm a hockey fan, if we lost the panthers here, it's not going to change anything about this town. If Toronto ever lost the hockey team, it means something because it's part of the social fabric of the community and it's been there forever. And it means something to those people that care about it. Montreal places like that. It doesn't mean anything here. It's a place to go and shmoose and hang around and talk on yourself on to some bozo who's over four sections away. That's what the macarines all about. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Daniel. Okay, sir. I want to talk about the swimmer thing. Yeah. And I got to tell myself, I'm pretty proved. I guess up tight. And I believe in the nogamy. But I could care less with those people, though. It's none of my damn business. You know, it's a private club. It's in their home. Okay. There. Right. And I tell you what's sick and criminal is that tax money gets wasted to rate those places to arrest and prosecute. Right. How about if we had more people patrolling the streets instead of going into private clubs and the checking who's being naughty and nice inside there? How about if we had more people and residential areas patrolling the streets and businesses so we didn't have people to, you know, this is one of the so many places in this country where you can't feel safe to walk the streets even though daytime. I'm so many parts of this community. But we got the luxury of having all these assholes running around rating the swing clubs so Ken's in he can be a big hero. You know, the cops don't want to go someplace with him. I'd actually have to do something. You know, that forbid they keep drugs off the street, you know, bad drugs or they prevent your home from being broken into a. I think they just want to go into a piece of ass anyway. Thanks, Dale. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Neil, you think that there's none to watch on TV anymore. I want to, I was wondering if you caught the documentary on the curse of the Blair Witch and the movies that it's that it's come out of. Why don't I waste my time watching that crap? You don't like it. Well, let me say it again. Why don't I waste my time with it? Watching a documentary on the making of a crappy movie. It's documented. A fake documentary on a fake movie. I saw the documentary. It was fake. Yeah. And so was the movie and so was everything about it. In addition to which by the way, the filmmaker has sued in case you have somebody read you the news paper. Are they okay? The makers of the Blair Witch project, the hit film that's supposedly fighting audiences are facing a scare of their own litigation. And Orlando filmmaker, sued two of the film's five filmmakers claiming he was cheated out of producer or executive producer title in the film credits. It's setter and so on. That's the most exciting part about that movie from what everybody tells me. Oh, yeah, did I waste my time watching the documentary of the making of that movie? Oh, and here it's stopping me about this. I'm supposed to be watching a documentary about the making of a movie that I have no interest in seeing. That makes a lot of sense, right? Yeah. Sounds good to me. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty. See one thing about the American public. You know what they can't get enough of? I mean, with big, big capital C. That's right. All you got to do is open up a crap factory. You'll be a billionaire by the end of the week. I guarantee that that's a no if a no lose proposition. You can pedal all the way. You want it to public will just suck it up. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, do you know how you doing today? Okay, sir. Now, why don't you push a make and help me out? How do we get involved in fashion with the law? I like to see I like to see a law where any public servant or elected official that feels and bevels or does anything get some mandatory 10 years, 15 years like they have for the drug. And how would what's involved in having some while like that made or ended up to politicians to make it? Get on your knees and pray. I think that's my best existence, yes sir. We're going to start making laws on a show now. That's right. Let's start flexing our muscle. We can't even get more than two or three calls at the same higher here at time here today. We're just hanging on by a thread. My bare thread just basically keep in our existence going here on this station. Hoping praying that we can make it to Labor Day if that's when it's ends. And we're going to start changing the laws here on their show, baby. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Ah, really nice hearing you and I want to congratulate you on all your work you do. Ah, it's far as filling a stadium for this clown. I think if he tries that every politician that votes for that or encourages it should be voted out. Yes. Outrageous. And we pay taxes and they keep throwing it away. Nobody gave me money to start a business or build a house or build a garage or anything. Outrageous. Yeah. Outrageous. Hoping. Can you imagine any other business in the whole country where somebody comes along and says to the public, I'm a private businessman. I want you to come and subsidize my business. But before I even open up business, I want you to build me a facility. And people people would last them off the face of the earth. They would they would know what it'll have for cry. That's right. And besides that Neil, I remember when Mr. Henry bought this pain, this just had been gutted by high things. And he's continuing the process, too, by the way. That's right. And he said it will not cause the penny. I'm going to build a stadium myself now. Right. You can do it himself. He'll do it with so more power to him. Let him all of a sudden. Let him work up the was word for once. Letting sell his yacht and build a stadium. Right. There you go. Have a good day. And back to you. Yes, set your 585,000 foot yacht and build your own God damn play toy. Okay. And maybe somebody will show up if you put together a product that's worth supporting, but I doubt it. Because nobody here cares about it. See, this pound can't, they can't handle the truth and the truth is. Let me say it again on your all sports station. This isn't now. Never is going to be a sports town. It just isn't how the fusion's doing, by the way. How the, how the, uh, Manitors doing. Yeah, how's that WNBA? I think they can't go to be doing. Yeah. Yeah. Not a sports town. I mean, it's got all kinds of other problems. It doesn't have to be a sports town. You need when New York isn't a big sports town, but that doesn't make it all bad. Okay. But there, it's like trying to force feed something that people don't want. They don't want it. They don't care about it. They don't know from it. Call it something else. Build a place and don't call it a stadium. Call it a social center. Like the Mac Arena, then they'll show up. Make it into a place that's nice and safe. Not downtown for a lot of Dale. I hate to break the news to you. Nobody wants to go to downtown for a lot of Dale or downtown anywhere down here. And please don't confuse us with any other cities because nobody goes downtown here. Not a few value their lives and especially at night. Last time I checked baseball games. Let's see, they're played in the summertime and mostly at night. Am I right about that? You know, the summertime one about 40% of the population bills out of here and you see that's another thing. There's nobody here. It's a summer sport. It's a guaranteed failure. There's nobody here. So does it make any sense for the public to invest more money into a facility so that during the summer months when nobody is here that it can be empty again. Is that make any sense? No. But the sun sent and makes all a sense in the world of them. Let me say it again. Call up the people of the Chicago Tribune, your parent company in Chicago who will only Chicago comes. There'd be nothing better. They got this baseball background already. Tell them we're going to build you with stadium. Okay. You make the Sun sent all the most popular news paper in America overnight. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you doing today? Okay, sir. Here's the question. I'm going to school now. I'll major in marketing and I was listening to that worst team this morning for some reason I was up early which was a mistake but I'm sorry. Anyone who's going over how they need to get to stadium or whatever. And while I'm going to, you know, when you get a product and you're trying to sell it, you sell the best product. You have. Right. So they had a world series team that won the world series and nobody was really interested. Everybody went into the world series because it was the world series. Right. And it's probably all Indians can't have anyways. But anyways, you have a product, you have a team that won the world series and then you know, maybe with that team, you know, in this obvious, not a living. You can never stay now. But now they have a triple-a team. Any player that shows any flash of potential they just trade away. There's now one plan and a team that's like worthy of like playing high school baseball and they wanted to give them like a 300 million last stadium. When you look at that, how Miami, it's like a zoo. I mean, you go up and down the street and you see homeless people, you see kids in our schools, it's all messed up. I mean, there's so much more things we can spend as money on. And expect a building of the stadium. And then nobody's going to go to anyways. So it makes no sense. One more question is this, Neil. I was listening a couple months ago and you were talking about something that happened in baseball, coincidentally, which was like a, which was a state, which was a state game, a guy hit those a guy and like the on decks or something. Yeah, two of the pitch I've hit in the head, right? Well, what was the guy at? I was trying to catch where you're talking about that day. What do you mean, where was he at? I mean, what happened? I saw something on the ESC come, but I didn't catch what had actually happened. What happened to the guy, what the guy hit him in the head and the guy's got the all kinds of vision problems and recurring headaches and all is suing him. And, you know, and then of course he was immediately drafted and paid a lot of money to sign. I think it was the cause some majorly team to sign him up. Because I hate we don't care about stuff like that. Be sure of the deal. Okay. Yeah. Seasel's God. Yeah, you, you, you, you, you, Jocca supporters out there. You're the ones that have created this and subsidized it and love it and because you have no life. That's what's important. And you wonder, let me say it again. My kids have the wrong values. They're all screwed up in this country. So many of them. Be a scumbag, but win the game. We got a win. We got a win. That's what it's all about. Be the worst scumbag low life. Be up your women. We're still getting me started about that. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. I'm with you. I'm here. I'm just with you. It's that, but that's not all. It was good. Oh, oh, you're five six. You're welcome. Much of crazy people with. Gunn. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, about three years ago, or however long ago, the stadium was built, you couldn't say enough to get that stadium built. You were for it. It was big and built. What what is that? The arena? That's a crack. Yeah, well, you thought it was the greatest thing that ever. I said it was from a selfish standpoint. It was great because it was already going to be built. Yeah, but you did an addition to which it was built with the tourist companies, a bunch of bed tax not with taxpayers money. Well, it's still, you know, I mean, no, all of a sudden, the macaroni is a piece of crap. And you said, what did I say that? I said that we could have read. He said it. He said it. He said it. He said it. I've been to the same argument before. And I'm not going to argue with you about it because I don't exactly what I said at the time and even a couple of weeks ago, if the Panthers were moved out of town, I could have packed in the sandwich. You're okay, life would have gone on. I happen to be a hockey fan. I get three tickets. I go to most of the games. It's very convenient to my house. Great. So you don't have to change my life. I have to be a baseball fan. Oh, sir. I was a baseball fan. I was a baseball fan. I was a baseball fan. Long before most of the Johnny come lately in his town. You wouldn't know Hank Bauer from Johnny Bauer. Okay. You jackass. What you got in this town isn't baseball. It's a joke. So this guy's going to get all bent out of shape because he's living in the past. He's another one of those crowd crotch crotch in the old bars with no life. We'll probably slept so but there it goes and watching this swirl that they put out there. I got news for a powder. A lot of people like vanilla ice cream too, but the most interesting part of it is, and this one I'm going to majority because the overwhelming majority of the people here don't want any part of your crap. Panther games, we fill up almost there of the game. But even though the people made me there for social smoothing, we fill up just about every game. Put it in close to it. Can you say the same for the Marlin? No. In fact, your average Panther game, which the capacity is only about 19,000. We got about 17, 18,000 people. They have that many for the Marlin's last night. Oh, in fact, it's a rare, rare evening or afternoon. When they have 18 or 19,000 people for the Marlin game in a stadium that holds about 40,000. So who the hell are you? I'll say that I said before. I said again, we can live real well. Somehow this town with all its other problems we should be dealing with like crappy education, crappy roads, which we just had a whole big difference about. We got a many other important things to worry about. And this guy's worried about a baseball stadium. Yeah, from a self-resistant point, I like having a arena over there because at least I don't have to drive a half hour into a goddamn part of Miami, which is safe. And I don't want to have to slump through. But when I lose any sleep if they disappeared tomorrow, couldn't care less. Couldn't care less. Go to a hockey arena. Most of the people in there are walking around. Oh, wow. Wow. Look, game is going on. They're oblivious. They don't understand the game. You'll listen to the conversation that people sit in around you and they're all going to pop the whole crap. So what's the big deal? It's not a hockey town. We get Pawel Brewer here. The most exciting player in the world. One of the most exciting guys who's ever played the game in history. And I come back from vacation last year. And it's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, go again. Like, who are you talking? Who's that? What is that? What are you talking about? It would be like 1928. So you're after Babe Ruth hit 60 home runs. It would be like, oh, we get a major baseball team here. And we get, they trade Babe Ruth to the, whatever it would have been. The Florida dead fish. And people are called a Babe Ruth. Who's that? What was that? Is that a candy bar? Baby Ruth? Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Um, the, I've been listening to your topic today and I've got an idea that my fly. I'd like to use public money to build more swing clubs. Yeah, there you go. Am I work? Now you're talking. And Neil, I want to thank you for being so busy too. I'll guarantee you that. Thanks for turning me on to the top green. It's, it's the one show that my seven year old son and I can vote in both of the why you just want to be. Right. Everybody got, got late more and watch time group Tom Green, the world. Now you're talking. There you go. Now you're not kind of guy. Have a great day, pal. You're a fan of them. Okay. And Glenn Humplik provides president. 560, 505, 60, Pompas. Yeah, when they were both of their renavalier host, I said the same thing then I'm saying right now. Okay. The grizzal old fart that called a couple of calls ago, what is a lot of mouth screaming and yelling like this is something like and see into the world. I'll tell you what, all you old fart that want to subsidize a baseball stadium because you have no life. Go ahead. You pay the money. The rest of us, we say collectively. Oh, we're not paying no taxes to build a billionaire or goddamn stadium. So you old fart can go there with your colossal knee bag and squeeze it a little bit. You get a steel weenie. I got a steel weenie for you. And my old geriatric asshole, for let me just top it off by saying this to you since you're such an expert on my life. I hate to write the news to you. I want some more baseball. Last night, then you'll probably watch it the next two years. I'm the small dish. I watched a couple of things that the Blue Jay's Yankee game. I watched part of the Cleveland Red Sox game, which was hell of a game. I watched a little bit of the early part of the Torch of Congo game when Justin Thompson got the snock kicked out of McGin and lost his 10th game. I hate to write the news to you, sir. I was watching part of a lot of five or six baseball games last night. But again, most of them were games that have some significance other than the White Tires Tigers game, except Justin was pitching. Most of the margins that have some significance. And I hate to also write the news to you. But back when there were 18s in each league, not every hit town that had 10,000 people or more, it's just that they had a major league team, which is why you got all these guys hitting 60 and 70 and 100 home runs now because it's literally baseball. With a strike zone, the size of a postage stamp, and then that's why they had to do this to try to pump up some interest again after the sport was dying after the strike. Desperate to try to pump up some interest again, but these can drive home run races and all us other horsecraft. Because it's a shadow of what it used to be. A shadow, a tiny little shadow of what baseball used to be. And I was a big baseball fan as a kid. Did we have a major league team in Rochester? No, we had to watch his derried wings, but did we have major league baseball there? No, I used to listen to the Yankee games on a radio. Wow, and a pirate games on a radio. You can still be a baseball fan. Doesn't mean you have to have a team everywhere you live. That's what's wrong with all our professional sports, ridiculous salaries, outer control expansion and places where they can't sustain it. And proof of that, the National Hockey League, which your eventman is destroying, piece by piece, brick by brick, puck by puck. Edmonton almost lost a franchise. When a peg, they're already moved to Phoenix. Ottawa, Ebola, their success on a big big trouble. They build a goddamn arena up there, 700 miles out of the goddamn city. Big financial trouble. And all the Canadian, and this is in Canada, this is their national sport. They live it. They eat it. They drink it. They breathe it. And they got problems. And our big and the Canadian government to subsidize them, give them some tax breaks, because they can't afford the punishment. That's why we have no more form and no more maple these gardens and have to build these new plastic facilities because we got to have more sky boxes and we got to pay more and more millionaires. And you suckers out there have to keep pants through the nose to subsidize it if you want to go see it. Where the hell does it stop? When you get a brain, when you say they're just possibly, they're just something more important in my life that go and see some kind of a sporting event. That's some ridiculous ass out of it. And let me also say again, I get my tickets for free to the Panthers. If I had a pay like I used to, the first couple of things, if I had a pay for season tickets, I would go, no, no way, no, no way, Jose, not a chance. I would go into maple leaks were there because I have a life and death interest in them, but other than that would I go, no. And it's like a few blocks for my house. I still wouldn't go because I'm not going to pay my heart or that kind of money to see crap. And that's what we've had the last two years. So what this guy's basically saying is the owners have got no obligation to provide us with any kind of a deadline like I said before, it's like going to the restaurant, they put a bunch of slop on your table. Oh, yeah, this is great. How much can I give you for it? If that's your mentality pal, like I said, why don't you at least be honest and tell us you have no life? Here's Del Rey B. Chillow. I need on. Yes, sir. What's this of are they closing the button itself? History, it's closing on September 1. And that's a shame because I plan to ban locally. Yeah. It was like the last real A circuit rock and all club to play. Yeah. Well, it's history now. How long they'll commit? There's this said no more. That's it. And same because I'll tell you that's a sad other sad day for Florida because we played all the other ones, Rose, but all the good ones they all closed down numbers on the beach. It's really hard to be in this business tunnel. Anyway, can I just say this whole town you have 10 blocks of South Beach with all those drug-induced plastic steroid written Jack Azizana. That's all you've got. The rest of this is a debt place. Well, for good original even national tours they have said about for good original. There's no where there's really an unless you're playing crappy progressive music, no offense George, but I'm a little surprised to really just you know, tag or art tag rock and you're not going to do anything out here. Anyway, can I tell you a little something I'm a solvable Larry King? Yeah. I'm a son of that. They have this little ticket on David Letterman. And in sponsored by Larry King supposedly, and they show a picture of him and they go, it looks like an owl. Then they show this owl sucking up a rat and it's too funny. I don't have to say. And then they do it that. Yeah, sure. That's hilarious. And then we just did that. I saw him sat around alive with the guide of Wayne's roles of Mike Myers. He was interviewing Marlon Brando and it was supposed to be very King. Well, Marlon Brando had him rubbing all of a lot of his feet. It's just sucking up him so hard. He's still not, and cooking his toenails. Oh, it was just out of control and I love it. And oh, they're just, if you look at him, you just, after you see that thing with the owl sucking up the rat, how disgusting. Can I call somebody to speak? Go ahead, pal. Um, the tornado and clunky and bastard. Okay. See you again. And by the way, Larry, how about that money? You're everybody down here. Well, I give it to you. 56750, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Rolling along, sing in a song. I'm a bastard. I'm an Ogunesso beast because I don't feel a flying crap about the Marlon's. I'm a building that stadium. Let me say it again. The sports nerds, they need serious help. And the rest of us, we need protection from them. Because if we're up to them, we would have to open up our wall. It's just the subsidized. They're, they're fun and James. They're nonsense. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay, sir. I didn't say that you're doing a great job about this sports asshole. They call you and say that, oh, if you need a mortise in your piece of crap, I'm not that crap. And yeah. Okay, great call. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. Any else? Yes, sir. Good afternoon. When is Tardis? I'd like to touch on a couple of things that you brought up. Pouch away. Okay. Isn't it strange how police officers can have sex with underage girls and corps are mouth, but yet somebody can go into a private club with their own wife and have sex and have a big deal. I would like to go in a couple of hours ago, sir, but nobody else seems to care about that. They just they don't understand it. All right, should I go on to the next one? Okay. I was in Fort Myers and I had lab a couple of times and I've been listening to you on 770. They chop up your re-joins and they advertise a three-year-old five number. That's probably why nobody calls you. What do you mean? Well, they advertise to a call three-year-old five number to get hold of you and put up an 800 number like you said they're going to be. We don't have any hundred number. What are they going to advertise? There you go. What are they going to do? It's amazing we get any calls from over there because the people while they're on hold and then while they're on here they have to pay for themselves. Right. And as far as that jackass that just called up, tried ripping you, I have a motorcycle that I'm rebuilding and I want to put it just to show that I kind of go on some money. Well, I don't know if I'm going to send you some money. Let's give a PO box number and collect some money for this guy. That's right. I only need like five grand. That's not bad. That's not unreasonable. I want to pick you up. I said, let's put a referendum next Wednesday with the good Wednesdays. There's nobody in tell them. We'll have an election in the past. We'll push you right through for you. I personally appreciate that if you can start that campaign for me. Don't be sure to go. No problem. And Wayne and John, your birth, flame and douchebag. Okay, see you. Okay, 600 open lines, 39 minutes to go here. Those of you people out there that don't want to subsidize that. We'll fart now. The guy that told me that I'm going to go F myself because I hate this guy goes to every Marlon game. Well, I'm great. Hope you're getting a lot of good company out there, sir. 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Mobile in Pompano. Hey, you're Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. This can stay to love me. All right. My first year was a Brian Hall. You remember that? Number of her. I don't know. It's in the bloody group. Okay. I had a nice stall. Sir, East Chau. Oh, that was wrong. We were a jocks, but we never got that far up. In fact, every might be. I was a swimmer and I remember it was a diver. And we used to swim in the nude. Yeah. Practice, which means nothing probably. Anyway, I'm sorry. Go ahead. I've been about Pompano Park and they're carrying down the stalls. You know what's going on? What do you mean they're carrying down some stalls? The stalls for the horses on Pompano Park and Pompano Line are coming down. And the same amount of Atlantic. No, they're not here in all the stall. Yeah, Neil. Let me see it again. They're not tearing all the stalls done. They may be doing some rebuilding some, or but to certainly not tear all the stalls down. How can I think they continue to be racing if they return all the stalls down? Well, I think from Pompano Line and some Atlantic all the riffs are down and both those are knocking them over. Yeah, well, I'll have to check it out tonight. Thank you, sir. Okay. Okay. Well, we had David Horrell here yesterday, but of course I kicked him out before we get any such information. Not that he would have given me any information. He just came in here to be irritating. Nice job, by the way, David. Oh, or just by showing up, you were really rotating. And I hope not to see it there tonight, by the way, David. Just stay to hell away. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. What's up, Neil? How you doing, sir? I'm doing unbelievable. You know what I can't believe? I am really so happy that there's a person like yourself out there that'll take a stand for all these puts that's down here and self-forwarder thinking that they know what they're doing when they don't even have a clue. How can you possibly want to build another stadium? Are they out of mind? They would have to be. I have to leave it. Anybody, anybody who will support this? I mean, the sunset and all we already know that they got their own agenda on the penny sales tax, on casino gambling, anything that doesn't make any sense they're all for. So just forget about them. But anybody else out there who's a taxpayer who lives in Broward County, like I do, who wants to subsidize somebody else's play toy for a billionaire. They got to be crazy. You know, it's the best part of this. That guy should take a ride. I'll 95 a little bit know what the lake worth and look at it about 300 portables at Lake Worth High School. Maybe they'll get a clue and see how much we really need a stadium. Now see, you're you're missing a point. Nobody here care. In fact, even in America in general, forget about just down here. Nobody cares about education. Nobody cares about their kids. I mean, that's just lip service. Nobody cares about these things. 90% of the people, they're interested in cramp, like I said before. It's okay to think that way, but to have them to call you up and tell you that you're a rarer. Yeah, that's right. I'm a bad guy because I don't want to build this old asshole, a ball ball park. I can just let their need as we need. Yeah, well, what do I make it? I make you a 60 years old or something as nothing better to 360. Yeah, well, Neil for president. Okay. Thank you. All right, but I live in Helen, they'll too. Probably Sunny Rosenberg's boyfriend. Yeah. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60. I've had you want things truth and packaging that outhouse gang that they've had in Helendale all these years. Believe me, they know they're cramp, because they're full of it. They're the experts. That's the one thing they know in Helendale. Yeah, that's right, because they just have an endless supply and they never stop spewing it out. And I was going Tommy, uh, Caminity. There was one guy that thought the establishment of Helendale and one and got MTV back on the kill. Can you imagine the goal, the Hutspa of those grizzled old disgusting farts deciding what's going to be on there? Because they don't want any programming that doesn't appeal to them. How about the old fart network that would do it for you? The georeiatric network, the AARP network. How does that sound? How about if we just said about to dead people singing music, whispering, really valuable? Oh, there you go. MTV for old farts. Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's dive in when they come in with that. Lawrence, well, Lawrence Miller. Very comohy could be lying there on the bed, you know, with a mic up to his post like SCTV. Mitch Miller, he's dead. Follow the bouncing ball. Glenn Miller, all the dead are this. Let's bring him back for the old farts for soft floor. He's TV for the old folks. That's what we want. Jerry Vale. That's what you people need down here, because you're much of walking dead people. Who don't want anybody else to have a good time? That's the problem. God forbid anybody should have a good time here. Grizzled old disgusting miserable farts make me nauseous. Since the day I came here, March first 1976 WKAT talking to a bunch of dead people. All alone, Neil, why you said you didn't mean why? God. Where is self? Goori-eating! Scorce work? Everybody, I think my bladder drops and 27 lides I'm blind to being a bitch. I'm blind to being a bitch. I'm blind to being a bitch. There's an empty piracy. And I'm trying to obey the streets. You can't read me in the bottles. I'm trying to tell you the thing. When you're stuck inside your salt, Do your rebirth in the night. You've got to make a good remission. Grab the bottle, and smile. Got to be re-in aphalogenine. Get your blood out of the bottle. You're gonna find out. We're gonna find out. We're gonna find out. We're gonna find out. Because this will be a different group on roadwood. We hope we pray. Wow. What did he put? Scorts, squirt. Okay, give that bitch a bottle already. Let's move on here. Come on. 132 is 560 WGQIN. Let's take some of these two or three hundred calls here to last half. We're really building some serious momentum today. Oh, here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, I'm puppy. You can play prison bitch. No, huh. Okay. Let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Let me say it again. Yes. You're so... I heard a woman. I heard that. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. No, I don't kiss on the first date. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You're talking about the LDA about the Panthers on their app. Preseason schedule that they play. They are hurricane that the dream bell is actually at the upper blade. The rain is Fort Myers. It is. Yeah, they have to act a bitch getting this here. I can't stand for an implored and an idea. I completely terrain. Well, how come in my schedule, which I have in my hand right now? Unless I read it wrong the first time, which I seriously doubt, how come on the 14th that says Carolina at... Well, that's right. I've fought Myers Florida. The second one is Knoxville Pennesy Nashville. Right. Fort Myers. And also there are putting... Not only we have that everywhere in it. We got a U.S. BL basketball team coming here to play. Well, wait a minute. I don't understand. It's a preseason location key. And then it's got greens, grown North Carolina, greenville, South Carolina. What is that all about? I don't know. I don't know. I'm not going to pick high above it over here. That we get the lightning, against the... And Carolina. And then we also get the Fort of Panther's hand. And you get the lightning over there. That should be pretty entertaining. Not? Well, it's no doubt more than the Marlins though. Yeah, that's true. Good point. You like all the car's on the Marlins. You like the people in the Marlins' head. Life's not. Yes, sir. How about... David Mark, you guys are FedEx delivering fish bags. Okay, I have a great thing. Good luck to you. There you go. Four more Myers V. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Robles line. Here's a mobile in TV, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The gentleman called him before about the horse-fall of the end-torned-down. Uh-huh. There is a Walmart's super store shopping center going in there. Yeah. But there has nothing to do with the racing. I'm sure that they're rebuilding wherever I'll let you do them. All we did was move the horses to the south side. Right. They took all of those other... Right. We made a sound and they sent my sinister way. Like, you know, something was going to be disrupting the racing or was going by by. Nothing could be further from the truth. No, they just took all of this stuff from north of Raystrack Road all the way up to the power to... I guess that would be Atlantic. Yeah. And that's going to be the shopping center there. Okay. Well, thank God. That's just one of these in other Walmart. Oh! Thanks for the good news. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. And maybe leave them to another record. Oh, oh! Oh! If we don't have an record or Walgreens on every street corner, we just aren't doing it. And by the way, we can't afford to build an record or Walgreens on every street corner. So maybe we can get you taxpayers out there to subsidize some people who would like to build their own guide in. Pharmacy. Right on your street corner, huh? Come on. Let's cash in some chip in some cash for people to want to go into business. Let's have an election on it. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Here's an idea for our friend, friendly and Mr. Henry. You can invite all the fans on his yachts and stuff about how many will fit. And they could divide how much, since they want to go to the games to go to stadium. Why should the rest of us have to pay if we're not even going to go? I won't. I will not do it. I won't pay. I'll go on strike. I mean, if no one ever is ever going to go there, why should I get stuck for penny tax? Right. If you're not ever going to go there and it's not something that really is important to the community. It's not something that lends itself to it. It's not a private thing. It's a private thing. But you know, you have a business. All these people that are crying about it, I bet if they really had to put up their own money. Even if it was like, you know, what's the fan base? 10,000, even if they were good, even when they worked had a team, the fan base was what 18, 19,000 if they were lucky. That's right. And how many millions of people are in the three counties? Well, and eight million people are. So that's what's the percentage of the people that give a report? Five million, yeah. It's a hundred and eighty to milk. I have a great day, sir. We got six hundred million people down here in 599,999,000 and whatever. Don't want to go. Just say, no, to John Henry. Okay. And spite of all this crap coming in from his boyfriend. Now this, I'll be sorry to notice all his old forests and young forests. That's right. Attack me because of the fact that I don't want to spend my tax, but it's a bill you would do play toy. Well, stick it up your ass. 560, 560, 560, on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, my queen. Yes. I have a straight. Okay, great. Here's the rail. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hey, I want to thank the four-laridale police department for doing such a great job and protecting us from these swing clubs. I've been, I've personally been over to play. It doesn't cause you to spend over at play. Oh, you've been over right? You said you've been over. No, I did that. I didn't see that to be any threat to the community. And I just wish my opinion as far as these guys don't want to put themselves in any precarious positions as far as I've been dangering their lives and doing some real police work. And I'm willing to take these, you're out in the going to a swing place and arrest these people for actually nothing. Yeah. Yeah, I guess they don't want that stuff going on because it's bad for business at their prostitution rings, you know? Yeah, I don't know how to imagine this. I don't know. I don't know how to make sense. And as far as the sportsmen, people need to get lives around here because, you know, looking to the sport you're in the morning, you think that it's something serious at all. Yeah, the word is important. You would think that it was something important. That's the part that nauseous. I realize that, you know, it's a sports station and we have to make Greg read field good about himself and feed his ego and feed Wayne's pocket and John Henry's pocket. And we have to try to, you know, justify the fact that they talk, swirl on this station 20 hours a day. So they have to make it seem much more important than it is. But the idea that there really are people out there who believe that this stuff is important in the scheme of life. I mean, that's pathetic. It's almost as said as 7% of the public watching a golf tournament in Primetime on Monday night. Yeah, you're right. I feel like 7.1% of 7% 12-year. It means one out of every eight people or one out of every eight and a half people, especially the extra hand watching that swirl. 560, 560, I mean, you, I can't imagine. I cannot imagine, believe me, this is the most boring place in the world in the summertime. But I can't imagine being so bored that I would watch a golf tournament at any time of the day. But especially in the evening sitting there in my living room with my diet soda in my hand. And my little dog hyperventilating because it's thundering and lightning outside sitting there watching a goddamn golf tournament. God. Time to put up the old exit sign as it exits from the human race. So where's the David Gravy line? Listen to me, it's just stand by and stand for soficking and it's stand where everything is out to the high soficking standards. The selection isn't just huge, it's soficking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And soficking surprises aren't just low, they're soficking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say soficking as a beautiful store, I mean soficking beautiful. When I say a strap is helpful, I mean soficking helpful. Listen to me, get to know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge. I stand at soficking courtyards and surprises that are soficking low. You'll never shop anywhere else, but don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied custom of Frank and Stein. Soficking good. Yo, set of fracking soficking good. Even 144 or 560 WCM, the Hank Glovers show from Shula State 2 at 2 o'clock. Then we got that Marlin's hazard while I come up starting with Donnie B. at 6. And then you know the rest, Philly's in a moment. How's sad? Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You know, I disagree with you. Big time on this Tony Martin thing. I can't believe you said that. About what? I'm not going to support. No you know, you know, you know what I'm saying. How about letting me finish what I'm saying? Before you start pulling it apart, I don't know the details anymore than you do. I don't know what he did. I mean if he really is guilty of everything they say, he's going to have to pay for it. But I'm not going to prejudge him. All I said was I hope I'm hoping for the best form because he never stole a freight train. But you know very well. You were or anybody right side of check. Somebody days us back with money like that and we're charged with with laundry. We'd be slapped down so hard, okay? Now just because Jimmy Johnson and a whole bunch of football players and this guy's a a job comes in. You know it's like four or twenty more than. Yes, okay. And how about how about all the guys like Cecil Collins and Lauren Phillips and all these guys who have committed serious crimes. Well you know what? I can't show their people. Well you know, I can't speak to them. But don't you get a strawberry and on and on the list goes. The list is longer than your arm. I don't support any of this. But I can't believe that you are like, you know, you know, you know, what would you like me to say? I hope that twenty Martin gets nailed. I said I'm hoping for them for the right. I said no. Rocks and hell. No, I definitely do that and you're saying that I don't hope he rocks and hell. No, I don't. I hope he doesn't run hell either, okay. But the thing is this, you know, okay, it was a nonviolent crime. But the thing is this these shocks by and large. They get away with stuff. Right. No, no, no, no. That's right. And I mean, what I heard you said that I said, I can't. I almost drove off the road. Why? It's speaking out of the other side of the trail. No, I'm not. I said what I'm hoping for. I don't I see. I don't try like a lot of people do. I don't try people on the air. You know, that's why they have the system. And that's why he's having a trial right now. And we don't try people on the air. These people are all that before judge. Right. Charges of we all try them on the air. No, we don't. I don't try. I never play that game. I don't do that. Doesn't it doesn't he have a right like anybody else who is they in court to be heard? Of course he does. Yeah. But the thing is this, I think his day in court is going to be a whole lot different than it would be your day in court. Right. Your just day right. But there's no question about that kind of money. First of all, direct checks like that. But you know, he has that's why he's got all the more reason to write them. Right. Yeah. That's what you need to. But the thing is, you know, for the rest of us, the obsc, you know, there's the juxt in the obsc, you know, used to be the upper per crew class. And then everybody else. Now it's the juxt in everybody else. You know, I had to vent, okay. Okay. Oh, I'm hoping for the best for him. Okay. I take it back. I hope they fry him. I hope they put him in the electric chair. Now this guy will feel better. I don't know what if I quite frankly, I don't have the time. I wouldn't invest the time of the energy to read all the details and find out everything about the guy and the associations with this guy. And, you know, what's it, was he aware of what he was doing? It's said I don't want to. Or was he just the stupid as they say he is? And quite frankly, I've heard him speak. He don't sound as stupid as they say he is. Five, six, six, six. So I excuse me for expressing it on his opinion because that's the way I feel about it. All right. Excuse me. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello, hello, me, oh. Yes. Did you see the new Britney Spears video? No, I did not. Well, I had this thing on making of a video last night on MTV. Yeah. Major bone and material. All right. It makes the others a little bit of that. It was a couple weeks ago. I saw just the previous of that. I guess the team, so to speak. What a belly, listen. I know how to get rid of these old thoughts. Yeah. What you got to do is, you know, these places like sense and material, which way they have the, Oh, they're going to have the story. You're going to get the people in. You lock them, so they can't get out. You lock the doors in the back. And you show them nothing but Oz and the real world. That will not got to have the population of Florida. Okay. I want to just tell you story would happen to me at the gym this guy. 93 years old. Oh, he's a guy just died. And I said to somebody, you know, the guy was 93. Live the good life. They come back to me another eye. They say they get so much for Liffa. What did you guy at the Liffa go with that? I'm a chronic. I have no life in a matter of your career. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. So much to live for. Five six. What is all that? Is that food? I sure hope not because I'm going to get rid of you. You don't want to get rid of it. What do you want to do? What do you want to do? Freedom. I don't even like to go to the different places. You don't even like to go swimming. They say it's like Jeff Gordon's. He's hard. They say it's like Jeff Gordon's penis. Round in short.