Sports Radio 567QAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show. The Rock to Neal, called 567-0560, toll-free, berdated, Broward, or pound-56 beyond your cell phone. The opinions of Neal is guest-coller's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM Beesley-read acquisitions or the Beesley-Druck Test Group. Now Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 567QAM. This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped abits by a finely-hinged meat cleaver. This is your brain in a flender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains, real food for real people. And magic, but a watch is genes when you strike the bat. And magic, but I just love his magic, but the magic, but when we're off to our just hope. But the magic, but he loses grip and drop the soul. Okay, it's 10 or two at 560, WQAM. This is one of the most interesting facts I've ever gotten in my life. First of all, it's got, this is great. It's got somebody's name on it on Kendall Drive and it's crushed out and there's another guy that wrote his name on it. And then at the end he had something written down that he decided he didn't want in there. So he crossed that out with a magic marker. And thank you Mike. More God Bull crap, you know. Okay, thank you Mike, but that was enough that yesterday. I couldn't agree more. And that was enough. Let's talk about important stuff today like meat. That's what we're talking about today. Nothing like good meat. That's what I always say. We're talking about the stakes. Now, actually, it just had a traumatic conversation here for about a half an hour. I'm already worn out. I'm going home. Big major debate in this place about the stake. And poor Joe Costello starts the whole thing by Andy out. He doesn't make any sense. He just, I don't know, he just took out a man-by-pan-by guy. And he just kind of like a middle-to-road guy. He doesn't have any strong opinion to bunny thing longer than the other. Maybe that's the other thing. He doesn't like his very, he's vehement about that. He can't stay in your feet. He hasn't seen him yet, probably. But even if he had your guarantees, he don't like him. No matter what they look like. You may have the best feet since Venus of Venus didn't have good arms, but he had good feet. But at any rate. So he's talking about the roots Christian about the meat. How did he start out about the meal? It was like, okay, wasn't great. It was okay. It was good. His point was that he's had as good stakes for much, much less. No, he did. Yeah, he claims. That's how he started it. Right. But then when I started grilling him about that, if you've pardoned that expression, then he started on about, yeah, it's a miracle that the stakes stays juicy and hot all the way through. And it was world and butter. He got extra butter, which is unbelievable. And papa papa papa papa papa papa papa the Italian salad was one of the best he's ever had. And the baked potato even, which we're nearly, I mean, what can you do with baked potato? Was really spectacular. And, you know, I love roots Christian. I don't care whether they're sponsored or not, was they are in the station. But even if they weren't, I happen to love it. And I'm not a schlepper like you guys. I can go out and afford to buy a meal any place I want in anywhere. And yes, it's an expensive place. And it's good that's an expensive place. You don't want to go out for a great stake in a place where there's a bunch of slippers hanging out. You know, it's like going into a diner and ordering a ribby stake, you know, well, what kind of a piece of crap is that going to be? Do you ever get a great stake in a diner? Of course not. Like, what are the dinies in ordering a filet minion, you know? You have to be out of your mind. You go into certain kinds of places and get certain things like it dinies. They got the breakfast is okay, huh? And the pies, those mother, mother, homer pies, whatever they are. Those are great. Those are some of the best pies in the world. I can't eat pie, but if I could, I'd be over there right now getting pie. I'd have a pie in the face, pie in my post. How about those savorers, by the way? Oh, oh, stars, people got pie in air face this morning. I love it. And Terry, Gregson, you should only croak. You miserable old fart. You're last night at Eddie Belford takes a page from the Dominic Hatchick School of O'Bor acting, and results in a goal being called off and another penalty, which they only called seven and a row on the sabers. And they still want to gain. Oh, like that. Still barred ties it up in the third period, and who ended it no more time? Jason, we're like, oh, right. And who plays great killing off penalties and playing a great end defensively all the way around. Red Warner, you know, red Warner had some great comments in yesterday's Sun Sentinel. Oh, and by the way, the reason I remember the guy went to the letter to the editor in the Herald yesterday, and the reason I hadn't seen it is, I didn't dawn on me to laugh at the show. I never got my Herald yesterday. Did they got the Herald today? No, Sun Sentinel today? No. Any paper today? No. No, I had to go buy him. We're checking it out for it at 65 cents or whatever, was with the tax. But no papers today. Because the paper boys, you're the paper guys, whoever it is, don't want to drive their cars through all the water out there in the acres and in sunrise, evidently. Which I noticed with the rainwater run sunrise Boulevard? No, hiatus road. No, rower Boulevard. No, turnpike. No, no. But if you live in certain parts of town where they don't have any drainage like out by me, you've got a lake. I have a lake in the backyard. I've got a lake in my driveway. I have a lake out on the street every side street, I'll pull an ATT to have it. We've got lakes out there. In fact, let's start a new, we'll start a new subdivision called Plantation Lakes. Yeah, there's sunrise lakes. Now we've got Plantation Lakes. And I saw this morning on the news. Over on the beach, they were had the big trucks, you know, where they suck up the water, like the roto-ruder guy. I shouldn't mention them. Remember I can't stand them. But you know what I'm talking about? How come we don't have those? How come we don't have the equipment? We're playing pretty good taxes out there. Talking no shlepers live in out there. People are going to afford a few bucks. How come we don't have those big water sucking trucks to clean up all those side streets? And even if they couldn't do it completely, I mean, at least, you know, at least some kind of a half-ass job. So you don't have to be out there water waiting up to your goddamn armpits. Anything going on like that out there? No, sunrise, no. Plantation? No. No. Even on the beach, I saw yesterday they had some guy in the middle of the street. He's like digging and over. And he finds the drainage thing. They're pretty pulled the yank to thing up and the drainage thing too. And all of the stuff you see all the water going down. It's like it's a macarina out there in sunrise. Remember that one night last last season? When it rained like cats and dogs during a hockey game, and luckily it was only one night because that's the dry season. And you walk out to the park a lot. There's water up to your knees and guess what? Oh, gee, $200 million. We forgot a drainage system out here. Who would need something like that? So we got water up to our goddamn armpits out there. And so let's see, the garbage guy, they're not going to come by. And no newspapers. Because God forbid they should actually take their lives in their hands and drive down the streets. And then heave the papers up on your lawn. I mean, everybody's got a part of their lawn. At least out by me that you control the newspaper up on. If it's properly wrapped, would like double plastic wrapping, which is supposed to have isn't it? Is that the way it's supposed to work? Oh, yeah. No freaking paper. Not that I'm complaining, you know? It's okay. This is a wall dry up. Here's a lady in dear field Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. For your pie tour, me, yes, man. I was going to call you about the steak. You were talking about good steak. Have you ever been to Bern steakhouse in Tampa? Many times, yes. Oh, do you know Drew by any chance? Drew? Drew. He's like the head manager. I knew a burn laxer. Is he still alive, by the way? I think Bern's still alive. I know him. He's just up there. He's a real cheap, bad bastard, by the way. He is. Yeah, I used to send a lot of people over there. Because when I broadcast you in baseball, we go over and play USF. He'd always go to Bern steakhouse. So I've been there many, many times. And he, I send a Julian people over there. And I remember one, I said, well, I want to give you a guided tour of the whole place in Yadi Adiani. And he said, I never try to be pay other people's kindness with the, you know, like a free meal. But I give you my best wishes. Oh, no. I mean, I could afford to pay for my own meal. But I just, that I brought him so much business. And he wasn't even willing to pick up the check, which I thought made him a cheap prick. Yeah. But it's a good place. But it's not as good as Ruth's Chris number one. Number two, it's very overpriced. Well, the next time you go if you're in Tampa, get Drew to wait on you. He's like headwaters, Bern. He's got the magic tricks, is he? Oh, God. We had this one guy a year ago that did magic tricks. Hopefully he advanced to something else. You know, like the circus or something. Right. But he was pondress. Well, I'm recording some of your shows. And I recorded John Wami. And I take him up to Drew when I go to Bern. Great. And he does absolutely love Neil Rogers. And he's a good team. I will say one thing. They have the best French onion soup in the world at Bern steakhouse. They sure do. They should be quite enough. But it's a small little thing. But it's great. They don't want to spoil your appetite. They want to overdo it. They want you to buy that $50 steak. OK. That's an average steak. OK. That's a good place for in steakhouse. I mean, it's no state of road seven diner. But, you know, I love my good friend Chuck. So I'm not going to say anything about yesterday's lunch. Ten, I'm not. I don't do things to, you know, damage people that have been very nice to me. And that I like. But there was something about that Styrofoam cheese yesterday that he ought to investigate. You know? Seriously. Maybe it really was there for maybe it was a joke, you know? You've seen that. You walk into restaurants and they have things on display that aren't for real. You know? It's like, that would melt. Like you can't have a banana split on display. They'd like a deli, like a wall greens counter in the old days when they had lunch counter. You can't have bananas. So they'd like have plastic ones. Molded ones. You know what I'm talking about? I'm sure you do. Maybe it was like a molded piece of cheese. I won't say a word. It's 11 after 10 at 5. 60 WCEND. I said theater meat. Eugh... Who... Balls... I'm so horny. Will you stop hitting me? You want me? Don't you. I'm so hardy for you. Won't you please help? Get me off. Look, don't touch. I was you. Strip down to your face again. Coach yourself with words. Oh baby, I want you to. My bean is with standing straight up. Oh, right. And also hardy. I'm now down to the moon. Whoop-op. I just want to do you. Why don't you help? Get me off. Come on, baby. I just got that tattoo. You're too bold. Oh, over there. Ye-hoo-hoo. That's 17 at 5.60. WCM, your blue ball station for the 90s. Anybody going to the Marlon game tonight? No. Got it on here. Here's 60th or even the pre-game game at 7 o'clock. See, I'll get back to my meeting in a minute. I got several other things. I got to interact. A lot of stuff here today. Just loaded. Which, by the way, the governor has signed it in the law. Choose life. The license plates will be available for you this fall. All you feed us, hug us out there. Choose life. What did I tell you about this, not the bastard, huh? Oh, no. He's not what you think. He's not in with those fundamental things. Right. Another good one, okay. In fact, yesterday they had a clip of him on air participating about how evil casino gambling is. So we already had a succession of governors talking to this, trying to quit that before this one. But this one, you see, uh, Lawton Charles vetoed that, uh, played by the way, choose life. He vetoed that. What did I do with that article? I only have like, yeah, he vetoed it. And the, uh, the, uh, guys is that it's, uh, to support, uh, to promote adoption. That has nothing to do with abortion. And like some of the, uh, uh, puns of this said, if they really wanted to promote adoption, why do they put on a plate, adopt a child? Why wouldn't that make a lot more sense? I mean, I mean, I'm not the child. Well, what is, what just happened to the phone thing? Look at that. What was that? I mean, it's okay. It's a crap. What is getting there? Yes. Now you're going to get me. See, I'm going to get me. I'm going to get me. I'm going to get, I've heard it again because now we're going to talk about Greg Reed and how much he lies. See, I'm going to tell you something. When you tell a lot of fables yourself, that it's easy not to believe anybody else. I can understand that. You follow what I'm saying? You know, we've been working here a year and a half. Okay. I've been in the business about 100 years. My credibility in his business is pretty well known. It's not like I just walked it off the street. And when somebody comes in here like he did yesterday, or whatever, maybe it was on Monday and tells me that my face that he said and listened to seven or eight hours of the show to see if what we told him about to not talk about a certain person, a certain agency person who's just loose can and not a control, which we told him, whether he wasn't mentioned on those shows. He doesn't take our word for. He sits down in a way seven or eight hours of his life, listening to the tape to discover that what we told him was true. See, that's not my idea of somebody who's a mench. And I was thinking about that coming to work this morning. It was the same with Bob Green. What was the same? Not not to his great of a degree. The only two people I've ever worked for in this market who we had a mutual trust were Dick Kasper and Gary Lawrence. I could tell him something and they would take it to the bank because they knew that whatever I told him it was as good as gold. I'm not a bull crap artist. And just like if you say, oh, please don't discuss something on the ear because there's a there's a legal or random person for whatever reason. It's their radio station and if I tell you, okay, no problem. I'm not going to discuss it on the ear. You don't have to waste seven or eight hours listening to the tapes. But again, when you're a bull crap artist yourself and your own word is like marginal and bad, you tend not to believe. And of course, these people believe certain people, but always the wrong people. That's their problem. But anyway, see, you've got me side track there. What was I talking about? Meet. I was talking about the Marlon thing last night. See, this is a crime. This is a tragedy. And I realized they won both games. They won seven and a row and all the other bull crap. Who cares? The fact is it was pouring down rain when they started the first game. There was nobody there. In fact, on television, they announced there was nobody there. I caught, you know, maybe a total of five minutes of a channel surfing last night. There was nobody. Of course, there would be nobody in his right mind would be there. But they've already sold the tickets that, of course, being an inter league game with the Orioles. They've already sold a lot of tickets. So as a result, they got your money anyway. The concessions people wind up losing up, but nevertheless, as far as the admissions is concerned, they already got your money, which they don't want to lose. And so that's why they played two games into almost one o'clock at a morning last night to win at the house. Thank goodness for those crazy old Cuban exiles who showed up because it wasn't for them. And I didn't even wear the story until I opened my paper this morning. I wondered who those crazy people were sitting in a rain last night. Delayed by rain, several dozen demonstrators spread out through the stands to the net of PPP Park protesting Eoriel's Cuba Exhibition series, because the Orioles were here last night. And they wanted Peter Angela, to know he's a monocone, anti-Omarista. He's the true Paca, but he's come in a day, we hate him like poison. So, you know, I guess if you're a crazy old Cuban and you got nothing better else to do, you'll spend a few bucks and go out and buy some tickets and sit in a rain to carry out a papaya, you know, do your thing. And at least make it look like there's a few people who cared about the volume, which there was not. There was nobody there. So they don't give a crap. They already got the admissions money. And it's interesting, I look at a paper this morning, the box score, the first game, which is not even a score, the second game was in it. I'm all in the second game, five, three, but but I look under-retended and A, not available. I wonder why. Yeah, I wonder why the attendance was not available. They don't care. And then of course they'll say, well see that just goes to show you. We've got to have that dome stadium. So we can, you know, when I'll rain down here in the summer, that's your own way we play baseball. It's one more reason why we got to have the dome stadium. Because you paid all that money for those tickets and you got screwed. But at least if you had any interest, if you spent the money for the tickets, maybe a state home and watch it on TV and you stayed dry. Although you probably if you had any brains, watch the hockey even instead. Nice going, Stoey. Hey, John Jason. Good enough for the Panther organization. I started on that too. See, I got too much stuff today about Red Warner and his great comments in the paper yesterday morning in the Sun Sentinel about the Panther organization and about how the young players are given no direction. And they have no role in the old, uh, and over the hell's going on. And that's why, like I've told you for years now, the young players in the organization never seem to improve. They just kind of stagnate until they go someplace else. And then all of a sudden like Jason Wally, they become stars. 14 points in a play-off, nice going, Jason. Hey, I'm going to go all over time last night. And despite a turret Gregson, who ought to be hung for the worst officiating in a history-to-human race last night in that game in Dallas on the worst ice, if I could begin to tell you, I was kind of indifferent before they dropped the puck to start the game. But as I'm watching it in the, in the first 20 seconds, I realized how much I hate to Dallas stars. I hate everything about that team, about the ice they play on the arena that play and everything about them. Those old farts, the carbonyl, and uh, Mike Keene and Brian Screwy, and all of those guy can't stand that punch. Hate them. Nice going, say we're, woo! So before we get back to the meat, we'll get to it. Oh, and by the way, thank you very much to the my good friend, whoever he was out there and made your land to vaccinate the article from, um, the New Yorker magazine, the June 8th issue, or whatever, I don't know what issue it is. I'm sure an issue of New Yorker, uh, letter from Miami, the Harold's Cuban Revolution by Mimi Swartz, about the David Lawrence and about all the pandering that went on at the Harold Mutston, or veil, and it's really, uh, just astonishing, including all the death threats from anti-caster-occupant groups that David Lawrence had to put up with, and about the bringing the FBI in and had to equip with this car with their most control ignition. Really nice. Not that we live in a banana republic or anything like that. I want to pick that up in New Yorker magazine, the Harold's Cuban Revolution, which stuck immense very well. A lot of Harold is gone from one of the top papers in the country many years ago to the piece of terror that it's recognized as universally today, a piece of crab. So here's the facts from Gary who says, last, and this is a shocking. Last evening, I ran across farewell to God by Charles Templeton at Board of Board of Books door. It's made it into the US. Oh, it's muggle it in, I guess. I think I like that. Have them enabled to put it down yet. I'm about a third of the way through it's a fantastic book should be required reading for everybody. Also bought an interesting book called 2000 Years of Disbelief by James A. Hout, HAU, GHD. It profiles atheists throughout history from Aristotle to Thomas Edison and Steve Allen. It's full of great quotes that is the book points out at the beginning. Most rational people throughout history have been at least agnostic, whether the religion of the time is either Christian, Jewish, or the ancient Greek gods. It's just thanks for turning me on to the book. Don't ever stop talking about what a pile religion is. I love listening to those sanctimonious jerks squirm when they're backed up against the wall. It's pathetic. One other people in your position back down from exposing religion for what it really is, even when they know it's a crock. How dear to the good Christians have the timidity to insist we accept their beliefs because they can't accept that death is the end. Nobody would be trying to undermine your faith if you left everybody else to hell alone. Right on, Gary. Thanks for letting us know that they actually have in God's name. I mean, yeah, not in God's name. Farewell to God in borders. In God's name, that was the David Yala book about the Apopo. About the corruption in the Vatican. Others don't corrupt you. No, just propaganda you're spreading again. Isn't it? Megademy. So when are we getting back to meet in the moment after we do the break? Got to talk about stakes. And you were telling me because I've never eaten there about, and not a lot of you make sure I get the name right. Smith and Wolinsky is at the chain. That's a run by my me beach. Because every people tell me about it, including a rimmer, which you know, we're to see with rimmer. It's only important that it's free. Either it's free or somebody else is paying for it, then that makes it great. But I don't want to say there was Georgia told me that it was a like dog food. Isn't that wouldn't that it to quote you exactly? You said, the crap. Yes. And of course it's on the defensive crap that I ever paid for like that. And it's on the beach. Why would you expect to find the last good meal I had on my me beach? And I know there's those R.C. Farc's restaurants on South Beach. I don't go to South Beach. Okay, I'm sorry. Not interested, not impressed. But the last good meal I had in the beach was at the famous restaurant about 15 years ago before closed when the original owners to loan it there on Washington Avenue. That was the last good meal I had on my me beach. But be that as it may. In fact, you remember I don't know the name of the place, but remember on this station last year, some people were opening a restaurant in the beach and they were a school that one day and it was really special, which luckily for them I can't remember the name of the joint. 26 past 10 at 5.60 QA and stay home over out the moon. All across the country, people are eating beef today. In the radio, Texas, the thing of families being poisoned by bad fuzz. In Milwaukee, stay on the cleaner, and joking to death on a water saline. And in the gittering name, the gentleman who's watching the scene has a corner. It does as a lifetime of eating burgers as block is arteries tighter than a hangman's news. At the end of the day, nothing kills so many people in so many different ways. Be it's what's her dinner. Possibly your last dinner. That's an old bit. And of course, back when I came out, they were peddling that low-fat bull crab. And the reason that Uncle Charlie, whoever he is is broken on the lifetime of burgers is because he was eating a bread. Oh, that's why he was eating those buns. That bread was killing him. The combination of all of them. Well, we don't get it on that again. Let's just keep it simple. Let's talk about great meat. I know my good meat, believe me when I tell him. And the stakes aren't bad either. Seriously, I mean, Ruth's Chris is the best steak I've ever had in my life. And you can argue about that. It's like, you know, what flavor I screamed you like. But for Joe Costello, a little slipper like him, this one in here. And Tommy, that was disappointing. Well, whatever he said. And then as I started grilling him on it, I hate to keep using that word. Oh, yeah, but you know, they cook it at those high temperatures and it does stay warm all the way through. And it was juicy and delicious. And you know, and he goes on about how great it was. The problem was the price. Okay. See, this is the deal. If you want a great meal, don't worry about price. If you can't afford a great meal, do like what George does here. Eat a lot of free meals. That's the way to do it. Or like go to the state road seven, dining across the street. I'm sure that the price is right. It's not going to be filet minion. It's not going to be gourmet. But a great meal doesn't have to be gourmet. Sometimes some of the best stuff you ever have in your life is an adjoint. My late uncle who died seven years ago told me that he was only worth 40 or 50 million dollars. He was just a cheap bastard. That's all. So he liked to eat an adjoint because it was cheap. He liked greasy spoons. Maybe that's why he's dead. But if you're going to go get a great steak, please don't try to confuse me. Like Hank, you know, I know he's hung up on chulos and fact Hank will be doing his show. How did he choose today? Yeah, he's out of chulos today. So he's got like an insistious relationship with them. He likes their food. Okay, but I've talked to many, many, many people and every single one of them told me that they can't either get on the same league with Ruth Chris. For a great steak. And then Georgia sitting here, oh, I cook up on a grill. I marinated it and I'm an expert on the grill. And by great, that's great. That's what you can afford. But don't tell us. Don't try to tell me that's in the same league with a great juicy ribeye from Ruth Chris. I go to buy Omaha steak. I go out and I spend my own money. Make him a shock to you. And I buy because they stop bringing him for free. Omaha steaks. And we cook up some ribeye on a grill. And you know, you get your steak sauce. It's very good. But is it in the same class with a great steak at Ruth's Chris? No. Oh, I'll have to take your work for it. No, you won't. I'll take you there sometime. I'll take you in Crystal there. And maybe even the Sabrina sheets small portion. Huh? No sheets, pardon me. Like I said, she's not gone. You get a baby, Sidral. I'll pay for the baby, Sidral. Be cheaper. No, seriously. I'll take you there sometime. It's great. I'd love to. Yeah. I'll host tonight. Oh, and I fact will go with Rimmer. He'll buy the meal. Yeah, that's the meal he's going to buy it. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm getting carried away now. Yeah. We'll just bring an animatie and they'll be another one of those surprises when they bring the check. Oh, gee, Jeff, this check got your name on it. Here you go. Yeah. I can just see right now. You talk about an action look on somebody's post. Wow. Yeah, exactly. How'd you like those mushrooms, Jeff? They stopped. Yeah. How about the appetizers? They stopped. Yeah. Yeah, because he'd have to pay for it all, but he has to pay for it. Well, well. But so don't confuse price. Now, this woman talked about Bernstein, Cousin Tampa. Yes, it's got a great reputation. And I haven't been there in many, many years. And I got, oh, they got that big, the Zurt room now. I can't eat desserts. Even though I do eat my more than my share of crappards. I'm not supposed to. But when I go out to a restaurant, I don't eat dessert. Which is why a couple of times it was Christmas when they sprung the fish food on me. There at the Zurt time, which I did eat, of course, because I can't refuse it being a fish food hallic. And I finally said cut the crafts. Doin' that. And especially after you eat a big meal like that. And that's the thing. And I even hear the waiters and waiters is saying to people in there, we have a lot of our customers who are on the Atkins. I hear them saying that. And it's perfect. You can go there and have like a salad, or you can have like a side dish that's been as agrana, whatever. And have your boiled shrimp or shrimp cocktail and a big juicy stick. Have a huge meal and do a perfect atkins meal. You can do that. So why don't spoil it with some goddamn fat and dessert, or somebody forcing fish food on you, that you don't want it. You don't need. Can you just see what's happening inside your body when your finish a big gigantic meal? Because one thing I guarantee you, because if you don't want them to boil the steak in butter, they'll not put the butter on it, but you have to ask. Because ordinarily they will boil your steak in butter, which makes it really juicy. But I warn you that- It's a sh** every time. That's right. So sit around and linger for a while. Don't get into the car right away. Don't go out now. Don't go out and give the valley parking guy your 50-centre winter and hop into car right away because you might have a very stressful drive home. You might have to make a couple of pit stops, like whatever that adults used to be. What is that place now? Remember, adults? So you keep asking these things and nobody ever answers the question. Because they're too obsessed with the crap with bull crap. Here's a mobile or a West Palm Beach, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, honey. How you doing? Ray. Do you like farm real for you applying this? No. No. Well, only the end cut, if I can say that. Why? I like to do it. The primary is like bloody. I like medium oil. Any steak I like. I don't like bloody. I would be in cut too. Because I repeat people eating steaks or like a primary. That's just, like raw. They might have just cut it right off the cow. I don't know how to believe that. That's kind of disgusting. They're like Dracula. Just suck the blood. I've never heard of Chris, but I have been to Burns. I've been to Shulos. Right. That was okay. I've been to more than something Chicago. Yeah, that's great. And then there was some lorry. You know, they have lorry season. They have a couple restaurants that they specialize in crime rib. There's one in Chicago, Dallas, and I think, well, evangelize. Well, I'll tell you where the head grade steak was. It was an Omaha because five years in a row when I did UN baseball. We used to go out to Omaha for the Collins World Series right here in this year. And when you talk about great steak houses, Omaha's got some of the best. Right. And second subject is that I was born and raised down here. I lived through all my life, so I had told you before that I'm not really up on hockey, but I do watch it. Yeah. That game last night was just overly exciting. No, it's not to be great. I mean, the hit, the hitting, the play, the nonstop. I mean, I can't tell people say that sport is not a sport or whatever. You know, these people who just badmouthed. What a game they don't understand it. They're too stupid. Anybody that doesn't think hockey's the greatest game in the world doesn't even begin to understand it. Right. Well, I saw it on the Fox feed on the regular TV. Right. And they were shown highlights for game in 1975, up in Buffalo. Yeah. Or they had fog and right the building. Right. Unbelievable. I could even flyers and buffalo, right. Excuse me? I said, yeah, it was pretty, I'm a fan. But how did they even see the puck? Right. Unbelievable. I never seen anything like that that would be like a phenomenon to me. And, uh, well, it was great talking to you. Have a great day. And go say, excuse me. I said, and go say, it was an ever great day. 560560. Kick that Dallas stars ass is what I said. I hate those stars, man. I'm not just a bunch of in at the Alfred Hitchcock, their coach. That big fat puddlewacker, the gained all his weight back by the way. Yeah, fat boy was in here this morning. Our buddy from Buffalo, my good post fat personal friend, Gloding and bouncing around here like a rubber ball. He looked like a rubber chin or at before, but it lost all the weight. In fact, I think maybe he found it. And he deserved the credit. Nice going, Sabers. Everybody, yeah, I got sucked into that too. You know, well, it doesn't look like any different buffalo or Toronto. They'll get swept in four by the West. What, what, based on what? Based on that boring coma trap game that the stars play. Then nobody in the right mind wants to see. There was, and those knowledgeable fans there. Yeah, they do pack them in, but they're like the fans down here. You know, they know nothing. One play when a shot gets deflected and further than it off his stick. And goes up into the crowd on a good Buffalo scoring chance. And the crowd starts chanting, Eddie, Eddie, he never even had never got near him. He never touched it. Eddie, Eddie, how's Eddie feel like now? A crap. Nice going, Eddie. You watch, you just mark my words. He'll start letting the greasy goals. You, he'll revert to form. Tigers, the leverage don't change their thing. They're crap. Isn't that how that goes? So what do my like I said, Joe Costilla would know crap from a great meal. In fact, that we've got some crap I'll rotten coming in today. From my backyard that you might little water logged after yesterday, but it might be pretty good. I'd be better than that cheese, and it might actually melt in the microwave. 21 before 11 at 5.60 WQA. And I'll rock that on the ground. I'll rock that on the ground. I'll rock that on the ground. Join the end, alright? You're done today. You're done. Have yourself down on Christian's bar. You're in front of your way. We'll back you all. We'll back you. You'll spend with your right people on the ground. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter. When you pass your heater, carry your lights and suit me deadly. Come on and join today. See you in the right way. To be on the road. Yeah, alright. Okay, come down. 1045 at 5.60 WQA. And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the Air and All over. Hey. Okay, come down. 1045 at 5.60 WQA. We're discussing fine meat today. And I don't know why I'm wasting my time doing that in this town because generally speaking, most of the people here are like, you know, they gum their food. Remember that place called Duff's with all apology to our pussy galore to our PG? No, you know the place I'm talking about to Smorgasbord. It was right by you out there in Pembroke, Pines. On a corner of Pome and Hollywood Boulevard on Pines, right? We're used to the Duff's Smorgasbord, right? And everything in there tasted the same. I tasted like this spaghetti and the meat tasted like the macaroni. Everything it was mushy because you could gum it, creamed whatever or cream of whatever. I used to think that there was like an orgy going on there because you'd walk in and do it and everybody'd be going, I'm gumming, I'm gumming. Yeah, that's right. Exactly. Because that's the average age down here is dead. So why should you have a lot of fine restaurants here when most of the people are looking for early bird dinners and, you know, they're a bunch of barbarians. That's why they're all running into the Rascal house. So they can be treated like barbarians. Now, I don't know what is that. What does that call on seven? This is really a call from Dallas? Yes, sir. I just couldn't talk about a hockey game last night, you know? Great game, Sabres. I don't know about that. Well, what do you mean you don't know about that? They came from behind and wanted an overtime. What do you mean you don't know about that? I just had to get out of Florida now. I went back in Dallas and got a wicking buffalo fan. Me, meaning what? I mean, I'm glad to be out of Dallas. All right, out of Miami and for Lardale and stars are going to come back and kick some butts. They based on what? Based on that game that they hadn't their hand last night, and they blew it. They had a chill. They drove. And that ice is grotesque. They had 12 power plays last night, and they still couldn't stick it in there. They had one power play goal, and that was Hall's goal, and one second left in the power play. We'll get them back. I don't think so. I think you're a history man. No, we're going to get them back, though. You know, did the same thing with Colorado too? Yeah, back beat them. Yeah, but Buffalo may Colorado. They didn't have that pat, that pat frog. You know, they didn't have Domino Cashrick. Yeah, that's him with problem. You got a real problem there. I think you may have to, you know, muscle him and head a couple of times. We got to Eagle. We'll take care of him. Tell Eddie to Eagle at nice acting job on that goal. They just allowed last night. That was beautiful. You didn't think he knocked him over? He never. He didn't breathe on him, man. How was the fans? How was the fans acting down there? What fans? Buffalo fans calling in? What no? Jumping on the bandwell? We don't have any fans. These people don't know hockey from spaghetti with meat sauce. They had to show on the local moves here. They had to go over the roof of hockey. People down here could understand why you can beat the hell out of somebody. You just can't skate over the blue line before somebody else. Well, it's explained to the Dallas fans. By the way, next time somebody deflects his shot and further net and it goes up over to the agar. Glass in the crowd and Eddie doesn't touch it. That's not a good time to start chanting. Eddie. Eddie. They didn't have to make a look like they know too much. You don't say. They start looking like South Florida fans like coolers. They are. They want time to show up because they made the playoffs. They want to show up all year long. They make the playoffs. Now I'll read the fans. Yeah. Well, we'll tell Tom to stay home. The media won't be so hot in there. And the isual melt like by the middle of the first period. I will. Thanks. OK. Harvey right off McKinnor. You're a big goose back. Okay, thank you. Harvey Rosen to listen to me. Five six seven, five six, naught. medium. That's not theeline job coach goes dollar from gaming that you can slow up with all kind of some stuff. We got those license plates coming out. We got the exile starting hockey to China again, the communist to communist at the ballgame and there are the only people that show up and John Henry rates the public again and takes their money even though nobody shows up because it's pouring down rain. They still play the games because they got everybody's tickets. They got the money already. Oh yeah, but we couldn't make those games that we are right. God forbid they should give anybody their money back, right? We're giving like tickets for another game. God forbid they should do that because they're already losing so much money. Isn't this the guy that's saying he was going to build his own stadium for us? That's what he said. Corsi forgot about that. Here's a mobile invoiting V. Chilla. Neal, thank you for the set up. I'm going to talk about a fan friendly Marlin event last night. Yeah. I took three buddies to the ballgame and we were, I think, you're right about 20% of the crowd. We're, our seats. I've seen tickets for a season tickets about 12 rows up between home played in first place. Now what time did you get there? We got there during the first rain break at about whatever that event was six o'clock. Right. And we drank that $5 bill. It can be her an 8-0, $6 dollar hot. That's a nine-long break. So then as the second game starts, I said to my friends, I said, you know what? There's nobody in the stadium. Why don't we move down to these blue seats? With this nice little girl can take her order. We can have a great time. Well, anal return is Sam and Ellie gets said, oh no. You may not sit here. That's a look. I've been $6,000 a year and four tickets come your break. He said it's me or the cops. Oh my God. It's me or the cops in an empty stadium? Absolutely. An empty stadium. So, John Henry, I will expect a personal call for you at renewal time. Have a great day. Thanks for the good news. In other words, John Henry is sticking up your records with this guy saying, That's being fan friendly again. They really don't know how to treat the public here. Don't they? No. They really don't know how to make you feel like it was money while spending a really appreciate your patronage. Especially when they're like desperate for anybody to come in a ballpark. Is your can people around and bother to show up in the rain on a grotesque on one of the worst days in the history of this town? It's either moved back to your seats or it's the police. Nice. Fan friendly. You really know what you're doing, John Henry. Not. God. Oh, here's the game again last night. Look at this. It'll be costing for this round. Jason, baby. Not good enough for the Panthers. Still barred Jason, Wally, Red Warner, Flandy, Rough. Not good enough for the Panthers. Just good enough for the Sabers who are going to win the Stanley Cup. Oh, hey boy. Nice going guys. This organization, you know, you can almost smell it. Speaking of fan friendly. The Panther organization. That sucks the big one. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. First time caller. I'm a guy in Buffalo. I'm glad Buffalo is in there. My ancestors from Buffalo gives me a chance to actually root for him. Buffalo is a crappy city. Don't give you wrong. I like the team. Both my folks are born there. I think, you know, they basically came off the boat. The great grandparents went right to Buffalo and planted it for a while. But I don't think anybody's there. My dad ended up growing up part of the time in Rochester. All right. Now we're talking. I think he's like a year or two behind. No, maybe you're the real place to be from. From. Exactly. Fine. Bob's go. Right. Great. Stake. The canors. Yeah. But on the state subjects was why I call. I've been to Smith and Wollensky's in New York. Great. Stay. I've been to play. You know, I've been to a lot of places. Well, I've been to one here. Soxden. I don't know. I've never been there. I have not eaten a roof crisp. I've had intentions for a long time. I've been to burns. I go there probably on an average of once a year. Just because it's a great experience. But the best day that I think I've ever put in my mouth. It was in a little restaurant. I don't even remember the name. It was like $10.95. And a little town called Fairfield, Iowa. It was ungodly. I think I, I think I ate it with a spoon. Yeah. So what? Probably brought it in from the backyard. Yeah. Well, my wife is from there. Her sister was living there. And every morning, this big old herd of cow, which, you know, the cows up there. The cows up there look like our trucks. I think our, our, our, our cows look like their deer. So, you know, there's something going on with the, with the soil or something up there. But it was, it was just way too good. We ended up having stakes shift down from this little place in the tumble Iowa for like two or three years. And we're pretty well doing for another, another shipment. But I have never, ever had a stake like that before. So it's a good one if you ever get to Iowa. I just think, you know, Mark, I'm, I, I've been here on your, on your, I've been here on your, I've been here on your, I've been here on your, I've been here. Yeah, right after Amsterdam and Rome, I think that'll be next to the Iowa. Yeah, well, most people do that, you know, because it's on the way. Right. But anyway, so it's good talking to you in the first time, like a, I've ever called up and listened in for years, but can I call somebody to respect? Yes, sir. Okay. Chris, Marmany, you know, you're a douchebag. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. See you in Iowa. See you in corn country, baby. Five, six, seven, all fine. Now, we don't have any, uh, spy report on Smith and will. And ski because you ripped them and asked, I, I don't know. Hank ripped them and asked. Hank ripped them and asked, yeah. Well, we have to fight out from the audience. I mean, maybe Hank had a pay there, you know, Hank ripped them a big ass. No, I believe him. Hank's, he's had a mellow two in his time. He knows it. Although, you know, I just have to differ with him on that. She was in the roots christening because roots christening me is just, oh, God. I love it. I'm just kind of ringing up in my mind right now. When they bring you the stake on that sizzling platter and you pick up an acting and have to hold it so that the, the world butter doesn't splatter all over because they're boiling it in that 800 degree, 1800 degree oven. And it's always exactly the way you order it. Exactly. That's how I feel. And it's good for you. It's great for the act and it's perfect. There's nothing like their meat. Here's a mobile in vocalo. Hey, Neil, how you doing today? Great. I think I can handicap some of these restaurants. First of all, I grew up in New Orleans. So I've been eating in this roots since she had your original restaurant. Right. And it is a religious experience. There's nothing close. Now as far as Smith and Melinsky, I would put it on a, on a par with the, Morton. I'm not that high on Morton. You know, like Morton? No, I don't. I didn't Morton's in Chicago many, many years ago back when we were doing a, a cup of, they were mod up there for IOD. And it was pretty good. I find shoes to be a distant third behind those two. Yeah. And I've also got a suggestion for you next time your Vegas. At the Venetian, uh, Emola Galsy has just opened up a steakhouse called Delmonico's. And it is fabulous. No, we don't have to see him there doing. No, you don't. Because I know he's got the fish house in the MGM. I saw that. And as soon as I saw his name on it, we ran in the other direction. No, in fact, he, it's, uh, it's a very stark place. He doesn't promote his name in there. But it is restaurant. Good. I do a lot. They do a large cut for a, about 14 ounces of fabulous. Is it on the same league with the roots Chris? I would say close. Really. No, of course, you're not quite, but you already got to roots Chris and they, in fact, the best roots Chris I ever had in my life with all the apologies to my friends in for a lot of Dale was the one on Sahara in Vegas. Oh, yeah. That's, that's a gigantic place. That's a beautiful restaurant. In there, give it a, give it a try and, uh, roots Chris rules. Okay. Thank you. See, I'd say hi to Emola. Okay. Not hand bone. Oh, I can't, I mean, this guy, you know, they started out and he was head as restaurant team with a chef and he was a food guy. Now all of a sudden he's a big celebrity. Ben, Ben, you know, he's got all those suck holes in the audience, you know, he throws a little bit of salt on something. Yeah, they're all, yeah, they're all going nuts, you know. Who, yeah, right. But you ask, look, here's like those people in rompill peels audience, you know, he gives him one of those, uh, veggie maddox. Oh, sorry, veggie. He gives him one of those veggie maddox from Boca and right away they're in their point. Yeah, whatever you say, whatever kind of plastic piece of crap you're peddling this week for 85 easy payments of only 39 95 of peace. We love your run. Any, uh, any spirited ports on Smith and Willonski? No, no. I'm talking about specifically the one on the beach. 567. 0560. 0560 on a mobile one line. What it comes to getting me. Oh, I'm not going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. Do me. Good evening. I'm so happy to have you you are going to leave me behind you at the fringery tomorrow morning. All right. name in town or one bomb asked for a catch. Daddy grilled his eyes for a pack. Mommy wants it more. She's going back on top of him but all he did was do her. He's been through the cake. Hold. How many have I can't wait to drive it. I'm throwing my class. Well, I can't wait to drive it. That's not done doing my class. I love how to do it. 5. 52. We just discovered again. Why this is a great job. Not that we worked for a guy that's still got, you know, an overbundance of intelligence or any kind of class. But besides that, sending him aside, please. We got lunch coming at noon today and guess I'll give you 5,000 guesses where lunch is coming from today. And the first 4999, they don't count. We got lunch coming at noon today from Smith and we're on ski. How do we reach? We got stakes. We got cream spinach. We got all kinds of good stuff coming today. You like that? I like it. See, I told you, George, that's right in your room. That's budget. Free meals. Yeah. At least one free meal a day. You can squeeze your way through and figure way through life. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. You can meet. I hope the spokesman was choking on his meat last night watching that are wonderful young teens that was traded away. Two barons. Yeah, we're in a really Jason Wally. Lindy Ruffa was a hell of a guy. Right. Uh-huh. You know, we kept the wrong thing. Everybody that wasn't good enough for the panthers. So K went on and started someplace else. Marty Stroka, Ray Shepherd found his a touch again up there in Carolina. Everybody that wasn't good enough for this organization. They went someplace else and they were kicking ass. They weren't big enough and neither am I. But you know, I could add that to that story. Yeah. Yeah. It's ridiculous. What other thing, by the way? See, it's a lot easier to get rid of those players in this organization that it is for built to have the balls to say to the Murrays. You guys suck your professional losers get out of town and let's bring in somebody here that really knows how to do it. What are the cup pictures away? I don't know. Must be. And they could pick yous of Wayne in the Viltory. I think with a go at the middle. Did you see Dave? Did you hear Dave? Brian Lut, yesterday they're in the first part of that game. He says it was the fans there. It was not, it was nobody there. Yeah. I heard him play. I see said there's nobody here. I only channeled surfed a few times and caught, you know, I did see the end of the game. When Jesse Arasco was one of the big choke artists in history, walked into winning one on a pitch that was 10 feet high and inside. But yeah, I did hear Dave say that. But he's going to go. That's going to be a good one. He said there's nobody here. The further that coming to a ballpark is going to fall ball. He goes, you come today and you can get about seven or eight of them. But how do you like that? How do you like these guys who season ticket holders spend all their money for John Henry and then they want to move down to good seats where they can, you know, be posted the action and either give back to your seats or the police one or the other. How do you like that? He's an asshole. Unbelievable. And have a great thing. Yeah, I mean, you would think you would think that the public address announcer should make an announcement at that point. You know, once it was out, once it got to a certain point and say, hey, listen, all you people that bothered coming out and this and claim a weather, the management of the Maryland's really wants to show our appreciation. Please feel free to move down wherever you want to sit and out of the rain and whatever. And thanks for coming on an impossible day. No, they're not going to do that. All of a sudden on the worst day of the century, they decided to start playing hard ass with the fans with all 100 of them to show it up. Seriously, if you took the exile tubans who showed up the old domino park, that showed up the protest, Peter Rangel, if you took them out of the mix, what you have left about 200 people maybe at most, most. I'll tell you, John, but you may think that you're a hot shot, but you got a lot to learn about life. You got a lot to learn about running a sport about anything. And you're a but least you're consistent. You're just like your predecessor, the Wayne High Pingo organizations, every one of them don't confuse us with public relations. It's not an archivocal. Just ask good, the panterfans, those who understand a game. All 10 of us. Here's Merrimar, hello. Now, yes sir. All you great. I'll be there 12. Yeah, likely story. I went to the one in New York. You're your own meat. I can always go for peace of me. Ah, and a steak tip. Right. I went to one in New York City. It was good, but Ruth Chris is a lot better. Really? Yeah, and sure the bites of the dust and comparison to those too. I don't know why they're always trying to pedal as sure, as even though we have a great working relationship with them. And of course, everybody on this station is in all of the old man's. I'm very excited. I mean, can you imagine what a cop's a pint of football menu? Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Did they really have a football? Yeah. So, this? They have the menu on the, yeah, they have the menu on the, yeah. They have the menu on the, yeah, they have the menu on the, yeah. Somehow, somehow, how am I going into a great restaurant, having the menu on a football? That's just what the fuck for Caesar salad. Oh, God. Yeah, I'll pass. But anyways, Smith and one of us is very good. I think that's a little more formal than Ruth Chris, but Ruth Chris is to me. It's the best. But that's why I like Ruth's Chris because you can walk in a dress like a slab, which I usually am. And now they don't care as long as you got money. There you go. Or so, you go with somebody that's got money, which means we've written more home, you know. Yeah, definitely. Okay. You're 12. Yeah, I'll let you know how it is. Okay. Yeah, we're going to let you know how the meat is. And the steak too, because we got Smith and Malenski's come. So, you know, and what do I see? See, this is bad. I got a feel bad for people when they do this because I'm not going to lie to you. Who was it to want to always be olive garden, which I've always written to me? That is just the, oh, I'm going to tell you. For especially having been in Italy for about, you know, 25 or 35,000 times like I've been. And really knowing what real Italian authentic food is all about. And then having them past that, it's still off as Italian food. So one day at I, oh, the years ago, after I had done a real sliced job. And then because that's my opinion on their food is crap. Okay. And I had a horrible experience there. And I went with the billionaire, I'll have called and remember that deal. Went to the olive garden. And instead of being like a garden, it was more like hell. It was more like the olive hell. The service was impossible. The food was crap. They were out everything. I know it was like mother's day or something, whatever, but it was still was horrible. And so they sent food over to the station to try to prove the point to me that I was a bad day. It was mother's day. We really got good stuff. So the salad comes in like brown. The lettuce is brown. That's not, but usually not too good of a sign when the lettuce is wilted and brown. That's a bad beginning to an otherwise even worse experience. I wouldn't even say that that's industrial strength that's that in food. The olive garden. That's how much I despise that place. It's not even industrial strength. Did I want to say it? Look, a lot of those mom and pop places in this country. The Americanized, the bastardized, the Titan's food. That basically had like chef boy R.D. And Franco American. That kind of stuff. They had like the rubbery pasta. That's industrial strength. Unlike our buddy Jeff Cohen who at least the start. No, seriously, at least the like you never get rubbery pasta there. Everything is called fresh. It's authentic. That's because the real chef's serving the kitchen he's out getting laid. Or thank God they keep him busy. If he was ever involved in the food, it would be a piece of a lot of business a long time ago. But they got a real people and no other stuff over there. Anyway, nine minutes after we're letting our food and tentative today, I have no idea why because of his big as an apartment complex. Joe Castello takes all the credit for it and he wants his takes. Oh yeah, he can come in here and have some lunch with us. Joe Castello's one of the great people in the building, even though he's his car racing, she was been canceled. He painted that story about Peter Leonard. You're a good friend by the way, Peter Leonard. He's an asshole. Oh, he is so creepy. I mean, he's maybe he's not a bad guy, but he just gives me the Willys. He gives me the Willys. Yes, I would rather see him than Tondrec. But I'd rather see the two of the cometer than Tondrec. Okay, anybody. Peter Leonard, he's just creepy. Just slimy. Like Slabby, perfect in salesman. He's the perfect saleswoman. Slipery and slimy. But you feel like you have to go and take a shower and scrub real good after you just see him in the hallway. Oh, no. We called me as the curious, throw up cold on a thief. I'm going to close the diary. The thief has the collide. You're realistic because you could get there in the bushes. The cows are the curious. The thief has the collide. The thief has the collide. So, if you got it needed in the bowl, you will see if it's on the Getting up to vomit. The thief has the collide. Oh, right. Oh, there's the close all the street. I just get it in the lounge. There. You have a thief who doesn't know down. Yeah. I'm going to keep it going in. And by Juno, Juno is curling around. Since you know, in Crochet-Shutty's Bar. Two Wards. And all over, what's the new one? The Jets. Two. Two. And the couple of singers have tied this game at one. She's hand-keeping it in. He got it in the closet. Back at home, Mr. Jitney. Chip the Dixie shot. Don't force me. Starrer. When people win, people stop show for them. I'm a liar. The quickies. The public copies put me the way. And couple, take the lead on the lower body. Brown hitting it. The judges in front of the swar. Jets of Warley. Jets of Warley. But shot. Brown round the world. The shot. Brown the hockey world. And Jets of Warley. But one. The game. It'll be time. Here at the reunion arena. All right. Rick Jenner Red. Just going eight shot, huh? Good goose bumps here in Ammy. He's just unbelievable. It's five 60 WQM Dallas stars going down in four straight baby. They're sucking a big one. O'Donnell and Big D. Oh, I love it. Who could have ever believed it? Five six. And especially the first two minutes. It looked like a blowout. It looked like Dallas is just going to blow through them. Like Grant took Richmond. Oh, sorry, Craig. Five six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Where I was lying. You ought to see fat boy bouncing him on here. Anybody down on the second floor. We're not having an earthquake. There's not a gang bangle. And on a pierce, just a fat boy is bouncing around the halls with his buffalo victory last night and I don't blame him. Here's Boker, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I can feel fat boy jumping on him all the way up in Boker. I probably the whole country can feel it. Hey, first off, the baseball NA in the box scores means nobody attended. Yeah, okay. And second, I've got a great story for you. Yeah. My friend is a financial planner. And he had an elderly woman come in of the Jewish persuasion. Oh, yeah, right. And he's, they're going over her financial statements and everything. And all of a sudden, he hit his mouse on his computer. Yeah. And he had forgot to take off the, he was checking his porn site in the morning. So all of a sudden, he didn't know what the screen had resumed. And there's this girl on the screen and she's totally getting soaked. Oh, my God. And they'll throw the ladies like was looking at the financial statement. And all of a sudden, she's looking at the computer screen and just with her mouth, why don't you go? Oh, my God. Open wide. That's what they always say. And then he tried to like scramble and minimize it. And he couldn't do it. He was, it totally, it was a funny story. He told me all about. All right. Great. I just thought you were going to ask if anything happened. Her sense of teeth fell in the glass. He said after the, he finally got her up the screen. She couldn't concentrate anymore. She had a leaf. Thanks for the good news, proud. Yeah. Well, by the way, speaking of teeth falling down a thing, that was another great story. What's the rest of what I can never think of that begins with a V, where I had my sliding off the toilet seat episode? Yeah, the quarters and I used to eat there all the time was pretty good. And, um, is it 441? And Davey, what the hell's in time? I'm not asking for the V. Vito's, no, not Vito's. No, I can never think of the name this place. I'm pretty sure it's still there. Well, hey, right, to make a long story short. One other time we eaten there and there's an old woman probably probably probably the same one he's talking about. And she's in the, uh, in the ladies' room and all of a sudden she starts screaming and screaming. Oh, no, it wasn't there. This was up in Palm Beach. This was in Palm Beach with Bill Carter in his first wife. And I'll never think of the name of that restaurant. But kind of a fancy restaurant. And a woman starts screaming at a restaurant and the real old bag. She had thrown up in the toilet and her false teeth. Wind in the toilet. So for that she screams. She flushed him down the toilet. Oh, okay. 560, 505, 60, Palm 560. You would scream too if your, if your dentures went down to God damn thing. I just, we shouldn't get him out. Yeah, I went out where we'd just grab him out. What a crappy way to lose your teeth, huh? Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Mobile implantation, Vinnie's. Morning, Neil. Yes, you're Vinnie's. How are you doing today? Great. Um, I tuned in just in time for you to hear you talk about the public relations, not about the Marlin. Yeah, I did in the business for many, many years and you hit it right on. The teams down here don't do what public relations is supposed to be all about, which is building goodwill and credibility and respect among its constituents. And that's just nothing happened down here. So why should they start now? No, the whole mentality is just keep building as new arenas and new stadiums and just keep coming out like we're somehow obligated to do it and keep renewing your season tickets. And we'll do whatever it will help you want to. We'll treat you like crap. Exactly, Neil. And even even my students understand, first year, I first year public relations student understand, you have to build goodwill before you can call on anybody to do anything. Right. And that's nothing happened down here. It's take take take. Yeah. You're absolutely right. One other quick thing before I run out of totally run out of material. You know, we talked a lot about the weather got exist. You know, I found proof that got exist. Yeah. It's in your insurance policy. It says active got. Active got. Something happens active got. Well, because there it is. The district's faster and he keeps, like yesterday, all that rain we had, another active got is pissed off, you know. He must be angry. Very temperament. Okay, pound, have a great day. Okay. No public relations in this town, so you can't complain about him. 5, 6, 7. I'll tell you one thing, this town don't know their meat. We're just not getting the kind of response on that that I thought we would. I mean, a guy like Joe Costello or Schlupper like him that's making 250 an hour. And it's just desperately hanging out on that Saturday morning, racing hour at six o'clock in the morning. And he's got the nerve to say, well, you know, where it's going to be kind of disappointing. I can't imagine anybody. Although I'll tell you, I'll know, I'll get you one much better than that. Your favorite favorite friend in the whole world. Okay. Your most favorite person. Hey, stop that one. One of the many, many times that I took him in his lovely and much more appreciative wife to dinner at Ruth's Chris. And he, and keep in mind, I'm buying, of course, what she goes without saying except for one time. I'm buying, he orders an appetizer and a salad, which I don't care. I don't think I'd be grudge. If I invite you to dinner, get whatever you want. Get the most expensive thing on the menu. And the steak. So I get to rip by. He gets to New York strip or whatever. And he's like halfway through it. Not that he left any on the plate. Keep in mind. He's halfway through it. And I'm going on about how great the rib I is and how juicy. And he's saying, yeah, I think I'll try that next time. That must be a lot better than this. In other words, it was disappointing. I was buying it at a very, very expensive dinner. And he's saying, they stopped. Yeah, how do you like that? So that was even a step beyond Joe Costello. Because in this case, I'm buying dinner for somebody else. And they're saying, hey, he is really all like great. Here's must be a better cut of meat, huh? Which it is. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. They have to go and know. Great. You were talking about a joint like the old garden. Let me say something. You don't know bad dining. I'm thinking of eating that. Romano's marijuana, honey. Well, it's marijuana girl, but, you know, we call it the marijuana. Let me say something. There's nothing worse than red next trying to do with Italian. I'm talking about bland tasteless. It's a fucking terminal. It's like, you know, Italian food on the go. Because everything like already pretty much prepared. Like, once you get any older, you're eating it. You're eating it. Yeah. Yeah. Like the pasta they just wanted to real hot water, like real quick. And they put the sauce over and then the sauce over and then the sauce over. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think they bring it lunch Friday. There is no. This is good. Oh, man. I mean, if I may say this, 20 times better than the olive garden. And that's, you know, that's thing a lot. Okay. Anyways, you know, you know, a very popular topic with you is doctors, how they're killing us. Yes. That is not how to go to an emergency room for like a, like a discomfort in my ear. It looks like about three in the morning, right? I'm sitting there on the way to the doctor. It's like about an hour for the guy to come see me. You know, I was nobody in the emergency room. Like the only guy there, you could see trouble. We're throwing on the hall with you. Yeah. The guy says, well, you know, we're going to have to do a dirigation in your ear. So I'm like, okay. The guy comes back three hours later. But the whole time that I was laying there in emergency room. I could hear them in the next room. They're having a little party talking about better date. But I'm going to go right on this one. We got out of here having drinks. Another little little little little little little. Well, they don't want to disappoint you. I mean, the experience at the emergency room in any hospitals. Always you have to, you have to wait for an hour before they come in to get you. And then you have to lay on the gurney in the hallway for at least another or one or two hours in minimum. And then you got to go over about 300 bucks. Exactly. Well, me, well, I'm sitting there with an ear and I'm sticking out of my ear. And you know, moving to the doctor to come back. And I mean, I can see them in the next room. They're having a bad. They're not going to have to get late with room. Great. At least they were having a good time. Thanks for the good news. Okay, 5.6, 7.05, 60, pound, 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Even doctors got to get laid just as Dr. Mark, right? That's right. Even they need a little action every now and then. And again, and again. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, this is John. Yes, John. Yes. I just want to know, uh, while originally I'm from Rochester. Yes. I've been doing this for a long time. And I got news from my relatives up there that, uh, the Americans are in the, in the, in the, uh, a call to come up. And I don't know if you were there. I was not aware of that. Unfortunately, uh, they're down, uh, two games to zero against Boston. Yeah. And also, I don't know if you were aware that, uh, the Americans are, uh, Buffalo's, uh, farm team. Yes, I am aware that in fact, on Empire on the, uh, small vision and satellite, they show many of the Amherst games on Empire. Great. I'll have to, uh, mark that down. I don't know too much about stakes, but when I lived in Rochester, uh, I like to go to Don and Bob's, uh, Nick and Irves for the White House. Yeah. Yeah. Can't be there. I mean, that's done. I'm about. Right. Anyways, uh, great show. And a long time listener and uh, keep up the good work. I'll see you on Monroe Avenue. Okay. Don and Bob's. What's there by, uh, bright and elementary. Let's talk about Rochester showing. No. No. 560, 560, palm 560. There's nothing but Spartus left in Rochester anyway. That's why we all got out. I mean, that's a terrible thing to say. We need to love our black guy, got complicated friends. It just means we don't want to live too close. What? What's wrong with that? You can like people. That doesn't mean you don't want to live next door. Especially when you're the only white person left in the hood. You just, uh, kind of get out. You know, kind of like that Cuba thing we were talking about. Like a few years ago, I drove back to the house where I was like, uh, the first house I ever lived in. I'm used to be called okay, terrorists in Rochester. Now it's called not so okay, terrorists. There's no white people there anymore. Used to be all Jews. Now it's all dark. How come neighborhoods go like that? All of first it's all Jews. Then it's all dark. Cause the Jews sold to the darkies. Well, we'll show you a thing or two. Teach you the moving of our neighborhood. 26 after 11 at 560WQMR. Where's my meat? Look at all of the redsick girls, a lot of certain hair in girls. Go into the bar to get food drinks. Get to be five reds next lobster, like with two teenage night on top. There, what food to cook in, come to me? Look at all the redsick girls, eat lunch at pizza, huff. If they're green side wonder, Walmart shorts. They smell like an old with sauce. They're pick a fresh, non-so-long in-products in the lower two breeds of four. So, but it tells you why, all trailer hearts smell like. Hand over tomatoes, soup from head. Nickville, Rakes and Belly's tattoo. Belly's teeth is welcome as her brother, place the band joe in the tree. Take pride in her heritage. She says, who says, who's human foundations of a Christian family. Or, again, raise the Lord. Oh, dry. And back to their neighbors when they're for war? No, God! What's with Jerry's friend or two is that those redsick women's food. What's with the f***ing face of the re. What is 31.560WQL? We've got 600 open lines here. I'm bitterly disappointed as usual. What does it make in there? Haven't I told you this before many times? I don't know what to talk about. We're talking about meat. We're talking about great stakes. We're talking about getting your money's worth. Getting really succulent something. Good. He's been in Jerry's, like, you know, that's about as far as they can go. That's about the level of this time. Which is great stuff, by the way. I mean, I love it. But once you start talking like a fancy expensive steak houses, it kind of cuts it down to a very, very precious view. Those of us who have more than, like, you know, two or three bucks an hour that we make. That leaves your job. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, and by the way, for those people that were like living in Dying on every moment of George's bonus from, however, many months ago, it was that he finally got what we got a new one. From the winter book, the greatest book in the history of WCWA and where we had that gigantic number where George had a bonus coming from the regular city. Get it yet? No. No. What the, what come out? The book, April something was more of a genie with her more of a march or came out April of the April. And this is only like the middle of June. What are you complaining about? This doesn't even begin to compare with that last lag. And see, remember the excuse was on the first one. You didn't sign a contract yet and it wasn't written in there. And another Gregory to lie, which he does famously. See, I was just thinking that during the last break. If we could get him to lie a lot, they're the ones who are skeptical of her. They don't believe anybody else because they figure everybody is bigger of a bullcraft artist is they are. So, that's why, you know, if we can tell him, you know, we didn't discuss that on yesterday. He'll still go and listen to four hours worth of tape. Which I take is a great personal insult by the way, and slap in the face. Becoming from him, not unexpected because he's a real classy guy. Five, six, seven, five, fifty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Doesn't Mobile and Western. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I got three state places for you. Yeah, but they're all in the New York area. Well, so what's good that gonna do me? We're not in New York. I took a call from Iowa. You know I'm not going to Iowa anytime this this week Like I didn't let it in. I know what you want to play just in Miami word. Oh, sure. We want places that we can relate to here I mean there's probably great state houses in anchorage too, but I'm not going there this month. Okay. All right. Okay. Thanks anyway, and don't do it again Yeah, great state counts in New York. How about the tour? A great state counts in animal care about All these other places we care about here about here anybody know about here. Oh, no Like there's a Morton steak house. I believe I'm keep a skein So I've been told I've never been there and I'm sure I know it's part of the same chain from the Morton from Chicago Have I ever had a call about that? Oh anything about it? Maybe maybe a 20 years ago You come on the ask for some simple information. It's like the day that I was talking about Howard Kleinberg's column And mommy Harold about the famous restaurant. Remember that day if you want to go What a great column and right on target and could I get any response on that? No I don't know what kind of law law land these people live in. I have no clue They're all going through the drives you right now. It's some you know some crap whole place 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T why the sun they're all going to say hi to Dave Thomas now Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Hey, you know how do I do like Wendy's yes, sir. You know I want to tell you a funny story You're telling about the old bag that dropped her teeth in the toilet. Yes, fleshed and down the throne Right, do you remember the restaurant the sea shan sure long sense going You used to be you're talking about 125th in disgain or 135th in disgain? Yeah, exactly Used to be rocky grass the honies before that years ago. I don't remember that well long sense gone the sea shanning It was a favorite hangout for the old farts. Yeah a wife and I were in there and this old bag Oh Leaser table Hobble routes at a parking lot comes walking back in as anybody seen a shoe She made all the way to parking lot and away across under the table and pulled out this floor and she Showed one the old bags were look I treat her up Uh-huh Somehow she made it all the way out to the parking lot and realized she forgot her shoe Yeah, I just every time I think about it that makes me look at the old same where there's no sense there's no feeling Exactly, there you go. That's all I got for actually the good news five five six seven oh five six They pond five six did that used to be rocky grass the Annie's I do believe the sea shanning many many years ago And I was a real good attendant and I brought that up over the years nobody ever responded. Oh, no because nobody's ever been here See on the only one that's stuck here after all these years That's why nobody talks about the famous because nobody was here then Everybody that's here now was someplace else back then the same with rocky grass the Annie's the same with the New York State House now There was a place that had great stakes, but it's so long ago. I forget Remember that big fat guy you don't but what though? He's dead long since because he was big and fat and he's dead He had a heart attack good guy That's where big Wilson used to take along the panel and by the way. He's dead too and he was big and fat He used to play the piano with the New York State House which originally was over on the beach and then they moved to Biscayne and the hundred and whatever was What's didn't last very long? Marty. Oh gee. It's coming back. How do you like that his name was Marty something or other? Jewish guy from New York. There's only three million of those But that was his name Marty something Marty's assessment. Oh god. Have I got a brain if I got a mind? Oh my god Marty's assessment and the New York State House. That was a great place. I think Although let me tell you one thing about stay causes. Let me the right off the bed If you go into a place where there's stakes and on the table there is like a one saws into vascular sauce You know that it's not gonna be the best. You know what I'm saying and I do like what's that good stakes aus that Peter Luger Peter Luger oh I love that where do they have Peter Luger's oh I know where they had it in the dining room at the track At Pompano Park you said they had it at Burns when you went there said no, no they didn't it didn't at Burns I'm sure that's when the first place that I heard of it was when you were doing all those Tampa shows and going up there. Oh, maybe they did Not too long. Do you remember I don't know? No of course they didn't have Peter they did I'm that's the first time I heard that Burns couldn't possibly be as good as roots Chris because any place where I have to put stakes sauce on the stake All that is is to add flavor to a tasteless piece of shoe leather And I'm sure that they have all kinds of stakes sauces of roots Chris if you ask with them, but if you ask for I'm I'm gonna like you know she's doing the leg at the very least That's criminal anybody that would go into a place like that That brawls their stakes in butter and it's sizzling and juicy and I mean the flavors just bursting from everybody And you want to you want to surround it in steak sauce. Oh Your taste is so glad it's hopeless. I mean give me a break So if Burns take house, I think you're right they have Peter Luger's take house Sticks us you don't want to be put in stakes sauce on a really good piece of meat the only thing you want to do is cover up the That taste okay, it's like an ever kind of meat Remember Aaron summer she was selling all those different kinds of flavored things there you put on The other there exactly to cover up the bad taste to go up that real salty taste 21 before noon of the pecorino at I want to say to track his former author It was high and gold Who down his feet and said he's leaving the suits to hold We had so much to live for with but Who can it is we now shout why like So yeah And of course a lot of the good restaurants from my years gone by I've gone on a business because The old farts stole them out of business. They took all the silverware. They just ripped them off something Refused like the whole bumper next change is vanished Except that one in Hollywood that they you know is like kind of a make-believe Pumpernix but the original Pumpernix all disappeared I don't know business. Thank you so much you old farts for stealing them blind for taking a silverware and a sweet and low All the other stuff that you denied over the years and you robbed them blind and you made all the waitresses quit and brought them the tears and put them all out of business Thank you so much And of course a lot of those people care because they're all dead now anyway Here's a mobile and top of no hello Good morning meal. Yes, sir What I enjoy doing is when I get on the plane you read the air flight the airline magazines It has America's top 10 steakhouses. Yeah, but it's always independent steakhouses right and I don't know I don't know if they're even in order or yeah It's a host early because this past the past I took a ship to San Diego in a place out there called rain waters was the best And I went there. It was good, but I don't think it compares to a Roots Chris or I haven't been to shoolers. I do love burns I think burns his burns is just an experience and I've only been there a couple of times I wonder why that's not on the list is never on the list now It hasn't been on the list in years and I get I grew up up north of my dad used to come out a tampon business in time I mean he's being back to men you and it was just like I mean it's a chart. It's not a man Yeah, the only place I've ever been in my life where you're already or steak by the wait I know it's you know 12 ounce 14 ounce 30 ounce I mean if you It's amazing and it'll very late. I think it'll say very rare not recommended like 15 seconds per side Right it's pretty it is an experience and these are rooms wonderful I went there last time I was there was last summer and it was really really good I don't know how much it's lifted in fact it has One place an area that you frequent often is I was steered towards Gallagher State House and Las Vegas last time I was there Gallagher is in New York, New York, New York Hotel right and wonderful Really probably it has to be one of my top five states of all time good atmosphere not exorbitantly priced Really really good, so I would highly recommend that and not that you get to land to often I stopped in the place Bones Atlanta which was in that magazine. Yeah, I've heard of that. Yeah, that's why I read it bone Yeah, real real real good and cigar friendly and casual atmosphere You know, I swear jack gets you just right actually That's what we okay. Thanks a lot. Yeah, I've seen a few bones in Atlanta 5 670 560 pound fine 560 on the 18 T wireless line Here's New York. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I'm in New York people who go to stay houses is by far of the best in the nation. Yeah, I far But we don't have them here. That's unfortunate You know, you know, let me ask you this you know, they don't take credit cards Neil. But let me ask you a question Why isn't then that they make that steak sauce which is very good by the way And as loaded with silver and very high in carbohydrates, so we don't want to be on the air can But why is it that they make something that's so great? You could drink it out of the bottle if there's stakes are so good You shouldn't have to put any stakes on it. You know what I'm saying? Well, you see the whole thing is the ambiance of the old German restaurant and their fries are tremendous There are there blocked potatoes The spinach It's just tremendous. So it's really the whole meal But the steak is very good even with that the steak sauce and fortunately you can't get the steak sauce and most major chains throughout the country Right another place that's really good that I went to is in sagus message shoes that's oh God I forgot the name of it. I think your car hop. It's like a barn Yeah, it's huge. Now. What do you laugh about to work? There was a place called adventure car hop on route one in sagus mass was owned by Arne Gindberg Who used to be on WME X and Boston on the years ago? Neil was a great place. Yes, sir. Others stay cows in New York sparks Yeah, big Paul. Okay. Well, let me fill you in the bronze. Okay. We don't care about New York Don't you understand this guy calls right away. I'm glad for you. Okay. You got a lot of great restaurants in New York We know that Anybody with a brain knows that New York is just they're more in their more great restaurants in one block in New York Then in a whole state of Florida. We know that Give us a break. Okay. This guy's killing me Saga's Massachusetts, then there's this place in Dearborn, Michigan and there's a place in angstur If you're dark enough and I mean, stop already. Okay. We're talking about us See this is the problem nobody cares about us even we don't care about us I don't give a ranch ask about New York or some restaurant in Oklahoma City or in San Diego nobody cares God they have great food and Hawaii two men Phenomenal it all takes about a hundred hours to fly there, but God they got fantastic food there. I just unbelievable Would I go back there? No no No way I was there six times it was great and now it's like overcrowded and congested and why could he and I don't want to go I don't want to hear about the other islands about Maui. I'm not interested in scenery if I want scenery I can go over here and watch the old people riding on the beach. I don't need to worry about scenery So congested takes too long to get there Here's a mobile in green acres. Hello hey, Neil. How you doing? Oh great. Yeah We have two things in common number one I spoke to you once at the Pompano my father a drove a little brown truck winners He trained to victory with any the whip wept there Number one and Brian was Benny Webster? No, no, no my father was a harness owner and he wanted to be drove him No, he he actually was an owner driver and trainer, but when he was a woman What was his name? They were Lee Benson on the man. Yeah, he He drove he was mostly at the yunkers metal ends and rose the first harness racing driver ever interviewed was Benny the whip Webster It the TV downs about I was about that as right 36 years ago. Yeah, Benny was great in his day Now let's see Benny one is last race what 20 years ago. He won a race Yeah, no private every night, but he don't across that finish line too often Before I get to the steak house, you know whatever happened to her bay he's Sleepy what this is he wasn't I did I know you won't see him no more He's gone for good, but the rest of the mishpocho. They're all driving still vain fill-on and they're all they're all doing it Oh, Jesus you've never run out of fidy on as long as there's harness racing going on you'll never run out He won't go beyond yeah Anyway, that the Morton steak house is outstanding there is one here in Palm Beach close to where I live It is very good, but even better than that there's one in Boga called New York Prime Yeah off glades road I compare it easily to Ruth Chris He's a lender just called about them Pete they are just outstanding the ribby is Unbelievable I love I revise my favorite cut a steak there's nothing like you see ribby. Oh, man Then you love it. It's where I know you're better people like you knew your strip I used to get near a strip all the time in a steak house years ago And I guess I was a lot more boring than than I am now or less adventurous and I never realized how boring new your strip is until you start eating ribby Ribby is the best and I also like a good port of house right and this this place I took my wife for anniversary last year and they gave me a 28 ounce Ribby as thick and as juicy just enough fat to make it delicious It would you love it This is about an hour from you north in Boga right off glades road you need a reservation. It's called New York Prime Okay, definitely worth you while and try the Mortons because it is outstanding. Okay, and say I had a buddy Gilmore And go Mario in the penguins once he gets the team back. Yeah, it looks like they're okay. It looks like they're gonna be okay. Oh Thank God, okay. See you. Hey, can you all right? There you go. Many the whip webs there. Let's get some harness racing talk going. No, no 567 I'm getting I don't want you to take it personally Bruce, but I'm really tired of Bruce Ranger when he every goddamn race Let's somebody else win one come on just one time Bruce. What's up somebody else? Oh, just one race. So once once a week. No, come on You're doing great Bruce, but just one it come on. No, besides you're being that George you go taking that 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line board just minutes away This is gonna be really it. Oh, so I started to say before you interrupted me Ryan to rub in myself as I want to do about The olive garden and that whole thing And about how you know you met past judgment based on the when they bring it in and I was I was started to say that I'm a little bit nervous about Smith and Wilmsky said in the meal over because first of all steak doesn't ship well, you know what I'm saying? You can have the most First of all, roots Chris can never do that because they don't open for lunch anyway At least not here. They do in this on the one on say her and Vegas they're open for lunch and dinner by if you go to Vegas Just for your info, but they don't open for lunch In addition, which they're so far away from here by the steak time steak got here will be like rubber So I'm concerned I'm hoping you follow what I'm saying I'm hoping that we don't have the experience before because we have had people since they said the past and by the time they get here It loses a little something in the translation Like all the juice. Yeah all the juice You know I'm talking and Roy gets upset every time every time we lose the juice all this raw if we love said In fact a lot of us have been trying to tell him that lose the juice and he refuses to do it So what I'm starting to say again I don't want you guys to turn around and go back to the beach if you're on your way here Which I'm sure you already are if the meal turns out to be less than sensational I mean, I'm just gonna have to tell it like it is just like it did about the olive garden I mean, they were trying very hard to To I was gonna say to it to be nice the olive garden But they were trying to do was use me Which wouldn't be the first time only the 10 million time which is okay? I don't mind being used if you're gonna provide something good. I like turning the audience onto something good whether it's a sponsor or not Where we going I can't oh there it is look at that Miami Beach hello You yes sir. How you doing yeah? You know, I'm yes, so you receive a fact from this freedom from religion foundation It was excellent. I don't know how you been through their website yet? No. I think everybody should go Is unbelievable they have all these contradictions in a Bible right and it happens that religious person I'll be so embarrassed good really embarrassed excellent, but I think you should go for it Okay, thank you Yeah, the website by the way in case you want to get that pamphlet or you want to check out the other stuff you're talking about for the freedom from religion foundation and medicine Wisconsin The website is wwfrf.org And don't get too creative over the old ff please Real sharp a new times Here's a bokeh hello Well, yes, sir. I need a hurry of great a vanilla. I need your help I got an unbelievable story about some police that has something left on I call George you get the number From the people that you deal with for the tickets and they don't deal with people or the police have been Poor thing. Oh, yeah, I'll stay out of there my friend. Yeah, the road sock it's dark I didn't know where I was going I was going to go see a friend the bridge was there was a detour He got me for 15 miles an hour Old England yeah We'll be out of the car, but another police officer It's an apporing rain makes me stand there in the rain searches me Let's me up against the car searches the car I'm going 15 miles an hour over the street limit. I get back into the car You write to me a ticket he tells me that he's given me a break For an 83 dollar ticket. I question it's taken. I said well, why you know what what's the break about? He grabs it out of my hand and he says just for talking to me. It's another $200 sir I mean like that out of control. I don't know you get yourself a lawyer and do something about well I am but what I would I try to do is call I call you guys to find out about the you know the ticket defense team And I guess they don't deal with it up there and I'm trying to just get some help So that's what I'm trying to do right now I'm not near a radio so I won't be able to listen to it somebody calls in I was wondering if I could leave my north number with George leave your number for and and what I don't understand Well, I'm trying to get them up to try to get this ticket take you care about a decent way I call you what it be they have to do Okay, well hold on hold on give your number and because you're killing me Okay good luck, hey, and I don't want to sound unsympathetic I'm very sympathetic with this play the special one these This has to be but like what am I gonna do you know if there's anybody can help this guy George has got the number and good luck to you both and have a great life together So here's a facts from a Bob who says Anybody who doesn't like roots Chris is an up case. I would agree with that He says he's been to the four-lot of the Alcant Francisco and Indianapolis locations and they're all great He also says he gives roots Chris a 10 He gives a 7 to 811 bourbon street on university between Broward and Peter's Road. He says makes a pretty just take seven on the scale of 10 Of course, why would you want a 7 on the scale of 10 although the only thing is I mean they're gonna have to move a lot closer to me roots Chris, you know It's too damn far It's a long slip You know where it is over there on a federal highway I've been invited I'm gonna go east and sunrise to where it turns north on federal highway and it's like You know, I mean from me from West Broward. It's a long it's worth it But it's a long freaking way and like I said believe me Make a pit stop before you leave the restaurant especially if you live a long way from there because I guarantee you with that buttered steak It'll make it sh** every time like magic Four minutes before noon at five 60 WQA By the fricks there be in no waters. They're in on their marbles and glazing then at half past four Their people young lady she looked like a pretty young creature She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaps And then white club beat done She said she was learning the new way to bring up her children so they would not spin While the boys in the barnyard were show those in red you send later from yesterday While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye at the fellow down by the dock He looked like a man with a side of all home in the country with a big fence out front If he has to phone like they she showed him burn the dope at the who was subject to fit and Maybe she's letting her have holes on her small tender hands with the movement so quick And then she bent over and suck out his candy so tasty made of butter scotch and then he spread whipped cream all over Her club cheese that she had left out on her shelf if they deserve You can go to yourself Two minutes after those five 60 WC I'm looking at it only two and a half minutes late. That's fantastic I said that's within the 20 minute limit that we sent And here comes the feet that look who's standing out there in a hallway I'm gonna tell you even in a hill any of this food stay or keep the food away from him please gentlemen Keep the food away from fats are out there okay. He's on a lifetime diet for next the 60 years So Smith and Melinsky is here with our lunch today and of course like I told you it's gonna be really sensational or 567.0 560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line Here's Boca hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, great take off. You got a tribe one in Orlando called Charlie steakhouse. Yeah, you're been there no Great food. They put it all over a butter and Burn it over wood and it's unbelievable Charlie's Charlie steak. I'm gonna talk to Orlando's in there On international drive got it. You know that's sure. Dude. It's unbelievable. You have to try if you ever up there Unbelievable. Okay. Actually. I'll see you on the next K-day 560 560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line Here's a mobile and tamarack hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. You know Runions and Carl Springs Okay, sorry and Not in the same league with a step we're talking about you know Yeah, they have a good steak very over price though by the way Christine leaves. Yeah, I know they are very very You're talking to North Miami Beach you're talking about. Yes. Yeah, but good steak right Okay, thank you. Okay, 560 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line I'll tell you one thing we're gonna have our filimit by the time we're finished with this deal They'll guarantee that we're gonna have meat up the Back home by the time this show is over W to Q a n All meet when the yes, sir. You know speaking How you doing great. I just want to tell you about You heard of a restaurant called slope the car chop out the cigar and pour you Have I heard of it? Yeah, where's that? It's in full water now I think it's just easy commercial yeah That huge huge steak And he just loves your cigar and it's great brandys and great wine right Excellent, okay, that's all right. Thank you so much I seems to me that we were either at that place or we did an appearance there was that's them We did the thing at does anybody know smoke in four-later now Huh No, but the one that cigar Dave was at that big phony that was a London something arrived it was it? Oh, yeah Oh, and then what about the one that Zolton took us to that I have my or you stand my own cigar Locker there that we went to one time and what did how come Hank never came back was what's with a pee Petaluma oh, I had that pedophilia right That's the one that guilty yeah guilty to the spot and then the court they went off here and nobody could figure out how come guilty to the You know, maybe that's why they're not in here anymore No, they actually had great food the steak though was like of all the things on a menu the steak there was like it was okay The dessert was sensational never that crme brle oh Not enough the steak was just a tad bruised I felt like they'd like to Hershey kiss his lady from a recon censure that day because everybody else was hopping up They only had like little bits of all of the desserts And everybody else was grabbing something I wanted like reach over and grab their arm and say cut the crap I'm having that you know Because there were a whole bunch of us that was that was pretty good stuff But would I go back there for steak? No, no, of course not What was it called pedophilia's here's a Miami hello Miami Let's try it again press the button dummy Miami hello Oh, no, yes, sir. Have it on okay Okay, thank you. Here's Miami. Hello two days in a row for that jacket Miami hello Okay, nice talking to you too. Here's Miami on seven hello Okay, got a rush at all is great Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello Yeah, yeah, yes, sir. Yeah, I just start saying it right here. How do you like that sir? We more I'm saying right yeah, Ruth Fisher absolutely right the driver Do the obituary steak out of here one? No, I mean we see we don't care about Palm Beach I had to break the news damn yeah I worked there in 1975 But that's 24 years ago and there were a lot of great restaurants up there, but we don't we don't go all the way up to Palm Beach You know you meet meals Okay, I wanted to tell you something to the billboard up here on West Palm if you're interested that you can call Mary 1-800-326 Mary yeah, I speak to her any guy next one Just what you know you want to see if he's busy. She'll hook up with another version absolutely okay. Thanks So maybe I want to see Mary just to give her a call okay. She'll be on a side of your bank building probably next week five six 70 five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Hey, hey, how you doing okay, sir? I agree with you about Ruth Fisher my wife and I went there a couple of weeks ago first time was wonderful But have you ever tried jail as Anders their filet? Never heard been there's a one right behind the Broward Mall not too far from you and they make a real nice filet Yeah, there's a couple of them there's one over in East for our real men. There's the one behind Broward Mall Yeah, it's kind of dressy casual, you know not a certain type, but you know and after work kind of place But they make a real nice filet, you know the little closer to you than driving all over to Ruth Chris right, but is it the same league with Ruth Chris? Yeah, you know you don't need this mother with anything to kill the filet or Okay, I'll check it out. All right. Thanks sound a little skeptical there, but I'll try it So anyway, Joe Costello what's the hold up here? Why come Joe is there? They're starting everything up and they can a lot of noise in here as opposed to And they're waiting for you to take a break so that they can go in there and you know make it well in there. Okay Well, no, I just don't want to sit there for a long time because then you know like I said before it takes away from the ambiance and it won't be Distanced and then I'll be ripping them in an ass on a year and that'd be driving out of here just cussing me I don't want that to happen you know I'm saying we don't care about noise. We want to fool I don't want to get pushy we just want to fool with all noise. We're used to noise We like noise in fact maybe it'll wake somebody's bastard up out there. I doubt it, but we're very big on noise here This is your noise station as in any kind of noise you like Now I'm at its past noon at 560 WQ and It'll get the screen phone He's a Watching These Okay, 1214 at 560 WC, I'm gonna get the nipple here to feed the Chinese army from the most method of mullincy. The salad is enough for the entire building to be honest with you. What is it good? With bacon and all kinds of good stuff in it and shrimps. So we'll just eat and you'll listen, okay? Now what are you eating in there? What is that? We've got a ribeye, this ribeye. And which one do you want to write there? Okay. Which one is ribeye? Which one is ribeye? Okay, that's mine. Okay, great. That's got my name on it. Here's a mobile and my mebeye, chill out. Hello, deal. Yes sir. I didn't disagree with you. About what? Could, uh, to root for it. I've got to give you three steak houses that have, on the time is better. Uh-huh. First thing leads you to be great, it's a sorry place now. Yeah. The three that are best in my opinion, the palm, Smith and Wulansky and Morton will put root for the shame. Yeah. I, I, I say I steak two or three nights a week. And uh, the Smith will let's get south point is just about the best steak I've ever had. Okay, well I'll find out about five minutes. If you're ever down there, I'm there all the time. It is on us. Okay thank you. I'm glad you all right. Okay. Okay 5.670560 pound 560 on a mobile and line. Here's my any hello. Hello. Yes sir. Deal. Thanks for making your call. Thanks for making your call. I hope your steak isn't too cold by the time you get to it. It's probably Wilbur. At any rate, I'm not a big rich guy like you. I got to count my nickels and uh, when I'm in pop and I like to go to that try not to laugh. The flaming pit. It would have been there. The flaming pit, the I've been in a few of those. No, man, it's a restaurant. Yeah, I believe it. It's full of old people, but you got to hit the barn and make a real good steak in that place. Oh, uh-huh. By the way, fish fruit stinks. I had it last night. It's a worst. It's a glorified, flood sickle. Uh-huh. Okay, here's a guy with really bad taste. Stay away from the flaming pit. Here's a guy that does my fish fruit. I think that's the second one that we've ever had since been in Jerry's brought that out. Sir, your taste is in your rectum. Talkos, okay sir. 560, 560, 560 and a mobile one line. But then again, he needs to the flaming pit. So what do you expect? Here's Miami. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. Good afternoon. A question if I may. Mm-hmm. You alluded to big Wilson. Uh, dead. About an hour ago. Can you elaborate on that a little bit? You're elaborate on what? On Big Wilson, what happened to him, how? He's been dead for years. He died in a heart attack. He weighed about 800 pounds. We used to watch him on Channel 6. Yeah. He then we left town for quite a while. Well, he's been dead for ages. Oh. Okay, Neil. Okay. Thank you. I mean, it happened to all of us. Sir, it's one of those things. And especially when you wait 2,000 pounds like Big Dead, it was a good guy though. Oh. It's big. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good guy. You know, I don't think I've ever believed that one. I told him that it's big. And they're right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, lead, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yes. You know, I just started listening. Yeah, this past week. We've heard something about you. And it's like it's the same topic every time. And it's just written Christians. Yeah. And we're really talking a lot about Christians that we should. We're talking about food that I shared. Is that the ones that have to do with Christians? Yes, and we're talking about the black stripes, clueless, the year, all the Jews back to count. Because they're up. Oh, yeah. Thank you so much. All the Jews back to count. I'm going to zero admit that. Okay. Thank you so much, my good religious friend for making the case again. We're not even talking about that. But God bless you for proving my point again. My far bison of anti-Semitic friend you. You should only, uh, Cox, or HOS is what you should do. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. That's beautiful. Another good Christian out there in radio land for you. I'm going to go in the big hand. It's the little hand. Okay. Somebody's going to slap you on the back. Maybe not some sense into your brain because that's where it's sitting right now. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Maybe it's a fact because you know, okay. Thank you. All coming out of the woodwork. Now, here's Coral Gables. Hello. Coral Gables. Yes, sir. Yes. What's up with these people? Man, what's up all the rest of them? I have no idea. Oh. What can we do for you, sir? Um, I got a good restaurant for you. Yeah. You're been to, uh, yeah. Two days. Yeah, I've been to Denny's. Okay. It's the best, huh? Almost a good estate can check, but not quite. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. See, maybe it would help. Okay. If all these other warriors that we got outside and we with the door open and all the stuff that's going on here, I mean, while we eat, one thing we've learned on this show is to do a radio show when he's the same time. Unfortunately, we got some other people running around. Every time food comes in, they're running around. They're in, they're out, they're all kind of other extraneous crap going on and it's show with turning into a piece of crap. You follow what I'm saying? I think you do. Here's a mobile-in-four-later nail. Hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. I like the E-D Ruth Christmas too, but I got a call about the J. Alexander. That's about on the level of maybe like a Houston or something. It's no Ruth Christmas. Oh, I do like Houston, though. But not for a day. Yeah, Houston is good, but J.L. He's right. J.L. is good, but it's no Ruth Christmas. And I call somebody at Deuce back. Here's a mobile-in-my-ammy, hello. Hey, yeah, I'm doing it. Okay. I haven't been to Ruth Christmas, but the best one here in Miami is the palms. I don't know if you've been up to New York. A Peter Lugars? Yeah. That's another winner. I went to Smith and Walidsky's last time I was in New York. Didn't like it. Lugar takes it. And as far as Miami, the palms. Okay. So I bless you, sir. Like I said before, do we care about New York? No, we don't care about New York. We're not interested in New York. Stay in New York, okay? Nobody here gives a crap about the restaurants in New York. Unless we're going to New York and my going there? No. No. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50, on a mobile-one line. Got a mic, glad that I started this discussion today, huh? Play it on Joe Costello. Play it on that trouble maker on here who is a crewman for a free meal. And got another one today. And of course, he needs it when I'm racing show his going off here. According to Peter Lennard, forget about Peter Lugar. We got Peter Lennard. Talk about something really desperate. Somebody that really needs to find a freaking life. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I hope I don't have the thunder blow and it gets me. I was going to mention an embossed in the Hilltop steakhouse. Why don't we ask you something? Why do we care about Boston? What? What? What? What? I live in Boston 38 years ago. Okay, the food there was great. I gained a lot of weight. But we're not going there right now. We're talking about here. And then I have to say, I want to say this to you. Okay, this is what I said before. This is the problem. One of the many with this freaking town is everybody's got their brain in some place else. And nobody travels out of here anymore than I do. I get on here every opportunity. Okay, every weekend I'm on a plane going any place. Just take me out of here. Okay, but in the meantime we're here. We live here. And these people are got Iowa. They won't guys in Iowa. We got somebody that said we got 50 guys with their hearts in New York. It's on the subway with Bernie Gets. This guy wants to talk to me and try to come out some place in Boston. I don't give a flying rat says about Boston. Okay, I don't care. I'll go to the goddamn what's the place there by Fannie will Holland Boston, the market. What the hell is it? Quincy market. That's where I'll go. Forget about this thing. Okay. I'll go to legal seafood, which by the way, they do have one in the song right now. Have we ever had a call about that? No, no. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Do you remember the embers? Yeah, 100 years ago. Yeah, of course, it's pretty cool. I really had very good steak for it today. I thought 100 years ago. Yeah. Anyway, New York Fine and Boker is really highly recommended. Really, really good place to eat. And it's a lot to eat. You know how good it is. Right. I'm not eating it yet. I'm going to eat it now. Oh, well, eat it now. Okay. Thank you. I'm going to eat it now. I'm going to put this aside. Eat the steak. Does otherwise it's going to get like crap. See, it's hard to do. As much as we appreciate it, it's hard to do. Yeah, 85 course catered meal like this right in the middle of the door. Are you going to show it the same time? You can do it. No, it is. It's very, it's very distracting in disturbing to try to do a 98 course meal in the middle of the Oh, I'm saying. I like the front door so well. God. Everybody that's ever been up here on the third floor has had their nose in the other way. And if there's, you know, there's stuff here that's, which we're not going to be able to eat all this. Fine. It takes them. Okay. Be our guest. Even the beast that stuck is ugly. Put there in a doorway. Okay. And then get out of here. Please, I'm in the middle of a meal. The last thing I want to see is fat boy in the beast while I'm trying to enjoy that just a great meal. God, talk about a good way to. Look, your guts out. See in the middle of lunch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in silver lakes. Hey, Neil, sorry to interrupt your lunch. We're in a head sur. You're talking about deaf sir, Larry. Yeah. Nobody around here remember. Another yesterday, more of a deaf, that was eight years ago. That was a, next to the burden pool of there, which has been probably five or six different places. And so in reference, nobody makes it. Uh-huh. Now go and these delicate testins. But they did have crappy food there. Yeah. Thanks. Can't beat risk, Chris. I don't care when anybody says. Okay. Go into food. Okay. Thank you. Well, this is delicious, but it's crispy on the outside. I've got a piece of my throat. I'm choking on it. Not a good start. Not a good start to this experience, because it's delicious and crispy on the outside. And nice and juicy on the inside. What? No, lunch break. Okay. Nobody got a piece stuck in my throat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. No, no thanks. I can't do one. I'm diabetic. It's the last thing I need one. It'll be, uh, more to. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Favorite restaurant Miami's crisp teeth. On ponds in the gable. Yeah. I think Smith Lewis is the worthless. Yes. They say thank you very much. And also, uh, legal teeth, those in Cygrass is equivalent to the boss in the restaurant. So they think the comments are your shifts in down every day. That's a great place. It's unbelievable. The net five hundred and the best of my game is a real shop. That's worth going up to. Okay. Is it, uh, can you get in there? Oh, you can get in there. You go, you go called main office in Boston. Get a white card. And you know, you know, it's not. You get a white card. It's been a special path that you can get through the, uh, the line. If I'm sure if you call them, I'm telling you where you were, or you'd be looking at one. A big mover and shaker like me, I should have like a gold pass, right? Should have slapped them, card exactly. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. It's, uh, 12, 25 and 5, 60 W to QAF. For a sad radio. We'll never be this game. Starting this Monday. On 5, 60 W QAF. It's the Brian and Terry Murray show. Six to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday. Only on 5, 60 W QAF. Hey, uh. Yo, I'm a Tiger Yoran, Tiger Hazard, Tiger Hazard, Tiger Weirall, The Garbo. On the Tiger Yoran, Tiger Hazard, Tiger Weirall, the Garbo. That's a word. Pargrating friends like all Black people do. But why do you want to say it to, so they can sound real cool. I'm a Tiger Yoran, Tiger Hazard, Tiger Weirall, the Garbo. Now the big and tackle find another word to you. If you do, we real bad. But now it's a okay. When African-American, the dress themselves that way. On a Tiger Yoran, Tiger Hazard, Tiger Hazard, Tiger Weirall, the Garbo. No longer the Burnack Yoran, for racial abuse. If you do, we'd have to. On that TV Tuesday. But now it's been neat all about my Black folks every day. Yo. On a Tiger Yoran, Tiger Hazard, Tiger Weirall, the Garbo. On a Tiger Yoran, Tiger Hazard, Tiger Weirall, Tiger Weirall. Sixth and one tenth, sixth and fiveth. Two of them, including two. It really does a matter of comfort. Everyone is now a fool. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Check it out. I'll be grandmas, who's who? I've been switching my sleeves. Playin' with my breakfast. I've been placing this. I got a reason. South African bitch. Put the lotion in the bed. Okay, property one is five, 60W QA and five, 60, 705, 60, Pont five, 60, on a mobile online. We got handcuffed from shoes of two. Talking baseball with Donald Z Brennan at six o'clock. Pregame at six thirty, the Orioles and the Marlins again. Is any of them coming to the Orioles and Marlins? Seven or five game time. Anybody going to show up? No. Anybody going to move on down to the good seats when John Henry can take out all the go-backer go-to jail? That was one of the great stories I've ever heard in my life. And a classic, that was the epitome of public relations in this time right there. Here's a mobile in Evan, sure. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Great. There's four places in Miami that I love to have steak. Yeah. The first one is Morton, Smith and W. L. M. Skates, third one is Ruth Chris. The best steak I've had is at the forge. If you had to take it the forge, apparently you don't like it. If they paid me by the minute, I wouldn't go back to the forge on a vent. Okay. Why is that? If I want to see somebody's son and log it, it's shot. I'll go to a movie to see it, okay? Well, listen, apart from the mafia scene and all that, they do make a hell of a steak. I never had the steak there, but I had, I mean, there were a few times, many years ago, and each time was a worse experience than the other. And unless you're going to hear inside, crowded and answer the phone, sir. Unless you're one of the inside crowd. No, sir, they stick you in a room way in the back and the hash browns or whatever the potatoes were like heated in the microwave and just boiling, scalding hot and burned by mouth. But other than that, it was great. So you can have the forge and all these other mindset places. See, we got all these places in this town as I've told you for years, the Rascal house and the forge. It's a high job, okay? If a place is good, it doesn't need hype. But be that as if nay. Here's Margie, hello. Nail. In fact, maybe the regular is at the forge, maybe they get the good food because I sure never got any. Yes, sir. How are you doing, Niggas? Okay. There's a place called a capital grill. I don't know if it's Miami, I'm a Berkill Avenue, I believe I've seen it there, but there's one of Washington and nothing north and that had X-ray on stake. But two locally for you would be Steve Steak and see food at the university in sample. And I believe you've mentioned flavors of Italy. Have you ever been there? I've mentioned that flavors of Italy. Yeah, that's seven-lear tar at me, Torp Abatizer, that's phenomenal. Never heard of it. It's excellent flavors of Italy, it's right. And Steve is right next to it, so maybe you know, you have to pop and see one or either. Oh, very good. Other than that, may call someone a douchebag. Okay. Choros, you're a aesthetic idiotic douchebag. I'm a big head. Okay, thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on the mobile one line. George is in there with a little bit of wine, a little shardone. Food. All right. Yeah. Try the wine. So anyway, let's, where are we going? Here's a tamarac, hello. Hello, honey. Yes. Yeah, so I wanted to talk to you. How come when the dog people scrub their schicke? Yeah, let's go to a mobile in Western, hello. Okay. Yeah, sir. Forget my line, Jive. Are you only looking for a record of they can sustain houses or other kinds of restaurants? Anything you want, sir. Anything that goes today. I'm just sorry. I got into this. I could blow my brains out. Sounds good. Have you been to the United States city grill on the A1A? Never heard of it. It's a really cool place and very sophisticated food. How about the revolution, 2020, 9 and Hollywood? I've never heard of it. No. It's also really good. And the final thing. I don't need very much in Hollywood. You got to have a teething put in a glass to eat in Hollywood. I can't talk about it. I can't talk about it. No, stay away from there as much as I can. I only have my ever go to East, Mr. Rootschrist. I have a great day. Get a new phone. Thank you. It's the only time I ever go away over there to the East. Mr. Rootschrist. It's a long slap. But I got news for it. It's tremendous. No matter what anybody says, including George. 5605 was never been there. 560 and Pont560 on the mobile one line. Yep. And then that guy to call it before all Facebook, stocks. I try to find a first. You know something's there. That's good because it leaves a lot more for the rest of the people who have taste. And I only wish I were diabetic and fat because I'd be sitting every day of my life. Have at least two, three pints every day. I mean, you know, everybody has different taste. If you like your vanilla bean ice cream, you go ahead and just, you know, punch your brains out with it. Just shove it down your throat or in your neck. Whatever you like. But all these experts out there, whatever Neil says, no, that's no good. I got better taste like that bitch with her. Oh, yeah, we had so many of those. Like that hog and does that coffee, Latte that crap that all our whole year friends were raving about that, the wreck just garbage. What the hell was the name of that? Do you see how long that lasted by the way? That was popular for about five minutes. What was it that the coffee, Latte or a dulce de dulce de dulce bag? Yeah, that's what it was. dulce bag. garbage. hog and dodge is not ice cream. Hog and dodge is watery. You can put it in the microwave for a few seconds and see the water. You can see the water. It's a watery composition. That's not ice cream. Maybe ice milk is watery, but not a real ice cream. Shouldn't be watery. But like I said, if you want to eat that crap like the one with Starbucks, that was the other one. Another pseudo intellectual. Oh, well, you don't know anything Starbucks is, and you know, something that I tried to Starbucks. And it tasted like coffee. Because you guys watch that everything they make is that's what they do. They make coffee. You know? It's like if Greg Reid made ice cream, you know, it will be staged like that, you know? Because that's where his expertise is. Here's a mobile and pop at OB, chill out. Andy, I'll try the new couple, couple, couple of chunk from the San Andreas. Triple, caramel chunk. Yeah, I did try that, yes, very good. I'll put it right me into a coma. The rain dancer. For waterdale. Yeah. Matrix takes 21 days. It's my favorite next to Ruth Chris. Next to Ruth Chris. Yes. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Have a great life. Next to Ruth Chris. See, we started out like two and a half hours ago, and it was all because of Joe Costello. It's got a really crappy taste. You do. You have a lousy taste. You're a good guy, but with crappy taste. You have a garbage taste. You don't like feet. You don't like Ruth Chris. It wasn't good enough for your squid's taste. Yeah. Is nobody said he said it was disappointing. It was like so soul. He said it tasted like feet. Yeah. It tasted like the smell of feet. Something like that. That's what he said. Like to jam. I think it's what he said. It tasted like to jam. Or maybe he said it tasted like a penny. Is that what he said? Yeah. It tasted like a penny is what he said. Rectrum. Yeah. Something like that. You just have that taste. I mean, we can't help it. But he thinks he's had real Italian food. What was that place he was telling us about? What is it? Capricio? Anybody ever heard of Capricio's and Hollywood or Pembroke<|th|>aver that is? Don't they also have this? What? A Senate for a buy it. Oh, you have seen it. Is that also what pines and poms or some more pines and muterate and university? Sheridan and university. Right by the kind of person. I know Sheridan is. He said it was good Italian. But he has no form of Italian. It is because he is Italian. He thinks it was Italian food. Let me see it again. Most Italian food in this country is. America is back to the. It's not real Italian food. But everything is relevant. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry that I did this today. I can't begin to tell you how the presence I caught. I'm not. I did this today. I've just on the verge of suicide or maybe you'll get somebody else. 21 before one at five, 60 QA. Oh, God. What's up with you? What's that? What's that? Oh, dude. Blood Where there is a little bit of all the place. You'll be what you call for a courtesy for the twins. You'll be what you call for a courtesy for the twins. Where there is a little bit of all the place. What you call for a courtesy for the twins. Get a vote for the twins. This is the your number A. You took me up the far to down. I was just so happy to have the two, love. 45 at five, 60's. I'm so sorry that we did that. I'm not even going to say you did that. I said, yeah, that's a great idea. And the heaven come on down, and, et cetera. You know that old saying, there's an old expression. Ha ha ha. George is under the table now, okay. George isn't hiding. He's under the table. He's speechless. I didn't know I warned you about this. And I warned them about this. Like I was brought up the example of the olive garden, which, of course, I had no preconceived notions about this place, because only you had eaten there before I did not. Okay. And didn't I say that steak doesn't translate well. It's not a good idea. It doesn't travel well. Okay. There's some kind of meat that travels well. This isn't one of them. Usually the only kind of meat that travels well is meat that's attached to its original owner. This meat, however, was not attached. Although it was certainly wrong, I've had a might have been. You catch my drift and stringy enough, et cetera. And I also want to say this, okay. A lot of you, and it doesn't do justice. It's not a fair test. It's not a fair test. So I just, I discount this. And I apologize, no, I don't apologize at all. I mean, just, you know, they offered and we said, okay, because we always never turned out a free lunch. Although we would pass on a second opportunity. But so many of you people in this audience, and then like I said, we can't all like the same things, because then we would be like a run. Everybody would be running on a store to try to buy the same products. And all the other stuff would sit there on the shelf. And nobody would buy the stuff that's tasteless and not that great. So that's fine. But in listening to the first two and a half hours of you people calling in, I'll stick with what I like. Okay, I'll stick with Ruth's crisp. I've had it a million times. And like I said before, if they never ran a spot on any station that worked at, I don't care. Makes no difference to me. It's the best damn steak that my money has ever bought anywhere. And all you experts, so always know better than I do, you know, your full of crap. Yes, Morton's was very good in Chicago. I'm sure the one down here is probably was it more than there was at the palm. Always the palm. That's the one we ate at Chicago that time downtown on the loop, the palm. And they have one here on the Kiba Ski and I believe, and also maybe one in Palm Beach, which is supposed to be sensational, but I've never eaten there. But like I said, if I'm in the mood, which I'm not one of those people at each steak three, four times a week, all of a sudden, I probably should if I want to stay on the acnes, it's a good way to do it. And I do like it. And I can afford it and all of those things, but it's a long slip over there. If fruits, Chris were like in my neighborhood, I think they're at least two times a week. Easy. But since I already know why I like that, why do I need all of this other stuff? Well, what's the point? What is the point? I don't like roots, Chris. I love it. And if Joe Costello doesn't like it, good. That's one more reply that's left over for me next time I go there. Because he's got already know he's got a pedestrian taste with being an overstatement. Okay, pedestrian would be the greatest compliment I could pay. He's got taste. It's like in his toy show, okay? Since the only thing he can plain about was the price, maybe he'd like it better somebody else's paying. Yeah. In other words, in other words, kind of like a rumor, I always thought you looked a little like a young Jeff Irmer, a little mustache. I think you look like his identical twin. You shouldn't even act like him a little bit. In other words, like he always says, when somebody else is paying for it, it tastes a hell of a lot better. That's his motto. And now Joe Costello says, no, yeah, is that what he said? Oh, he said yes. I mean, I just, you know, the less I say at this point, the better because it doesn't it doesn't travel well. It doesn't translate well and it was raw. I don't like, I like medium well. Now, of course, that's your thing. I don't know what you told them. I like medium well, what you told them anything. Well, then how could you bring somebody a steak if you don't know how they like it? I want, let me hold up my meat for you. Okay. Oh, the good thing about that is you can stick it on the grill. Yeah, several more times. And I didn't come close to getting the right out. You see what I'm saying? And you see also the stringiness inside there. The, as I attempted desperately several times to find a place to cut into, you see what I'm saying about that piece of meat. Maybe it was just a bad piece of meat. Cooked. Not cooked. Uncooked. Red. Raw. Crawling around on the plate. The bacon in the salad was excellent. The t-shirts in the cap sensation hash browns. I didn't need to. I can't eat hash browns. No, you've got to. But they were great. Good. Okay. The hash browns were great. The cream spinach was, uh, was, uh, cream spinach. It wasn't like the spinach I brought in at Ruth's Chris, not even the same category. Which I love that spinach I brought. And I could, I could take a bat in that if it weren't so steaming piping hot. Did you have any of that at Ruth's crit? Oh, you had the baked potato. I'll see you again baked potato. Anybody would taste today order a baked potato? No. Graham was very plain taste. They order baked potatoes. They also eat like, like this farce is eat butter per can ice cream. Okay. That's fine. More fish food for the rest of us. More tasty flavors for the rest of us with taste. But people who have like very pedestrian taste, whose taste buds were like a denuded at Ruth, they order baked potatoes. They have potatoes are rotten there. By the way, but we're not your socks off. Don't you like potatoes are rotten? Oh, I said not your socks off. He doesn't want to knock somebody's socks off because then he might have to deal with feet. Good thing can stick with the baked potato, Joe. I mean, see, I feel bad because I feel like these these people brought in. I wish you could have seen the the chef was here and the owners and these other two deadbeats they picked up on the way, whoever these guys were. And they brought us spread here. You wouldn't believe and they brought us hats and caps and they're great steak knives, which I'll take home. I can use them. And all of a sudden, I'd probably come back and take it back tomorrow. But, you know, I mean, I'm out of I told you me, I'm not going to sit here and lie. I'm not going to say God, that was great. You know, it was, what I said, the less said the better. It just doesn't, you can't make a steak on the beach, bring it over here. Remember what he grabbed at that time, brought us a look at that, I'm spitting up spinach here. Look at that, what did you see this thing in here? So let's pink and green now. I'm not going to shoot. Here's a mobile and forlater deal, hello. I'm Al. Yes, I am. Go ahead. You know, there's a, I've first of all, I've the rooffish is the greatest. They are the best. I agree. And I don't know if you remember years ago. All these people, they got a top me. They know better than me. Whatever I like, they got something much better. You know, I'm fucking a horse race. Whatever I pick, they got the winner. Well, if I'm in right side rooffish, they got the heads of, right. Right. Anyway, remember how you could tell in man. I'm in ice cream. Sure. I never ate them. I never ate them. I don't think that was a great fight. I never ate them. Oh, you know, something I didn't eat there once is a matter of fact. And it was, I mentioned on the air that was like only to a bar in Mitzba. It was a big, huge hall. And it was, I don't even remember how the food was because that was underwhelmed by the low test atmosphere. Like walking into a banquet hall. And it was just not for me. That was, but the food was quite there. Really was. Anyway, we have a long time listed. First time calling. I'm sure you're showing. Thank you very much. I'm going to be a fabulous. You know how to skip or talk at that other place. You know, the other place I'm talking about where you had your a party. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line where they bring everybody a glass of effort out whether the one or not. That's always my favorite kind of. You know, when you walk in and skip or touch pictures up there on the a metal, that tells you're right out the bat. It's time to start coming your food. You know what I'm saying? Start coming. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. In the fact that they have a sign in that one place that the it says gum again. gum again. I'm going to go on a way out. Yes. You're killing me. I know. I'm going to the once a while. I started 630 pounds less joy and now I'm down to 37. Yeah. But anyway, 30 stake house right out right above Orlando. Great place. We're not going to Orlando. I know. You go up there. But the reason I want to tell you that is because they have a sign on the wall. It says if you ask for ketchup. Yeah. Or steak sauce. You can leave. Good. Excellent. I like that. I like that. Because anybody that's got to have a steak sauce. That means you're trying to. And I don't get any wrong. I like good steaks. I was. But if you're using it, it means you're trying to flavor something that's tasteless or even worse. You're trying to cover up something that tastes really crappy. Exactly right. I mean, I can I can sit in my sofa kind of so when I get on the grill. You know. Yeah. I don't have steak sauce. I don't like my children. You could. It's a little bit sugar. I'm loaded with sugar. I'm happy to be welcome. You're up at your. Like Peter. I like drink it out of the bottle. It's that delicious. It's just like drinking sugar. It's called me today. I've walked about 6,000 saliva. Yeah. Well, if you were to do it. If you were to try to do it for several days, you would lost your appetite. It was just not just not what it. It'd go ahead. What do you want to say? I like it. But you know, a nice cream. I love brirus ice cream. Yeah. I think that's the better than hog and dust. Well, I would agree with that. Because it's made from natural ingredients. It doesn't have all the filler and all the air in it. And it's not watery like hog and dust. These people that are in the hog and dust. I'm sorry. But you know, I listen to you every day. And I say, I'm not going to avoid. I don't have the problems that I mean at 6 or 30 pounds. I didn't have diet. I don't have diabetes. Well, don't push it. That's all. Yeah. Well, now I'm down to 370. But still, I don't have diabetes. I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, I mean, I'm just what I'm, I'm my heart rate is 120 over 80. Great. You know, I mean, I'm really lucky. The only thing I do have is I have bed, let wheels, you know. But I tell you, you know, it's just weightless and to your power. Okay. Keep up the good work, man. Don't slip off the bag. No. Okay. It's not worth it, man. It's not worth slipping off your old bag. And then if you're doing the acnes, like I said, go get you a great steak. Which, uh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 10. See, this was a bad experiment. I do feel bad for them because they really knock themselves out and they brought a big spread and people in the audience are saying, oh, my God, you're a piece of credit. You, how could you do that to them? You know, I could just hear right now all the women in the audience say, and you're a fat. Yeah. But I could sit here and make up a story. I told you ahead of time, I'm not going to do that. That's why I'm job brought up the thing about the olive garden. They did the same thing. Only I had eaten there before in Reptimen asks because I hated their food then and they brought in a bunch of, this is certainly much better than the olive garden. The salad, everything in the salad was fresh. The, um, whatever, the house salad, whatever they call it, the Smith and Malinsky salad, with shrumes and bacon. That was, they was good. In fact, if I would just talk to the salad, I'd said, God, that was a good place. I'm serious. It was very good. And it was big enough for a whole meal. See, one thing that you failed to understand, I can't for the life of me to figure it out is that why you're here on a year, doing a show is by now you should understand. You can't eat a 10-course meal while you're on the air and do just as to either one. I can't eat at all. Well, I can. In case you have a nose, a lot of things you can do while you're on the air that I can't do. Yeah. But he's not here today. 1256-55. Oh, believe me. No contest. No problem at all. I think he's talking to that. Oh, oh, just watch. If I can eat it, if I can eat with my mouthful, four minutes still wanted five 60 WQA, I'm used. I'm used to playing hands. I have a four-star dance. I'm a water-star. I'm a water-star. New from Bucco Food. It's the all-new taste enhancing fall-up pleasureing Wunder-Saw. Just in time for barbecue season. It's day one, steak sauce. Pile it on. Your taste-lust. Thank you. Whether you're having a rough roast or a sick-hary-toothed steak, day one makes it better. My bottom-down roasts with the hit of a party. And I choose to take those down easy. Thanks to day one, take-offs. Day one, steak sauce is unavailable in stores. Just call 1-800-Gate Sauce. We'll drop a two-foot-a-gate sauce right in your mailbox. Are you on a diet? Day one, steak sauce is low in calories. But high in protein. Day one, steak sauce. Packing in the flavor. I'll go to do. Okay, at the minute after what? At 5.50 WQA, I'm a bad guy. And I'm a bastard. And that's it. And I admit that. But I just can't play that game. You know? There's some people that get something for free and they'll rave about it. It could be the worst thing in history. Oh, my God. I just can't do that. It was just lost in the translation. And I'm really sorry for everybody concerned. But it just, you know, it just didn't respond. I think the coolest steak that I've ever seen. I'm going to take a... I'm going to take a smithin' more. Let's keep when it comes to steak knives. I'm going to take into none. When it comes to caps, I'm wearing their cap right now. Okay. I'm wearing the cap right now. Brian, come on. And you want some raw meat? Okay. Let's go to a plantation. Hello. Plantation. Twenty-two minutes and twenty-nine seconds they've been waiting. Did they hang on? No. No. They're gone. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. On the AT. Probably they drown is what happened. And you know, it's interesting to me. I have to be getting a shot. I've talked about the lack of drainage and the lack of assistance and anything being done at all in terms of draining all the flooded streets out there in the plantation. And the acres and sunrise. Does anybody seem to care? No. That's why they don't do anything. Because you don't care. Here's a mobile pig report in the pines. The AT. The Bender Pines is a situation. Pines for a while in 77th way. It has 10 to the Droidars. New to best part. Six lanes across. They get somebody's speedy. They run out in the middle of the road. Stockton. They just know you stopped somebody in the middle lane. Great stop. That's good. Not only running sixty-four to never find also the beating over traffic. Thanks a lot. You've got your scum. Okay. Thanks for the good news and good news. I've got a phone. Okay. 200 open lines here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 50 on the AT and T. Wireless line. See these people don't even have an opinion on whether I did the right thing or whether I'm a prick for doing that. They leave that opinion on that. Much less about the fact that all their streets are flooded and they're taking a row boats to try to get out of the house to a wherever the hell are going. They don't care. They're just like I've told you for years. They're in different. They're passive. That's good. They don't get worked up. They don't get excited. They're just real passive. They lay back in the, they're in a coma. And it's never going to change. Except for those 40 people I showed up at the ballgame last night yelling, come on easy to come in there. That's it. Those are the ones that get worked up. They have a passion. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon sir. I don't know if anybody brought up churchels down the David, not too far from where you live. That's safe around probably not as good as Chris. Yeah. It's up there. Uh-huh. Well, the butter. That's good. You'll have to put in your purse. I'm going to put in your purse. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Southwest corner, snob, Hill and Griffin. Unbelievable. Got it. I'll say how to win some. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pawn, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah. We're drowning over here. I bet. I don't know where it's not raining again. Is it? No. Oh, thank God. I'm not going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I don't know where it's not raining again. Is it? No. Please don't tell me it's raining again. Anywhere. No, no. I thought it was a real sprinkle here and there, but other than that, it's pretty clear. Which I called was to start trying to, well, first of all, you're not being a prick for your, the way you're trying to go to any of the show. I feel terrible because if you've seen them, I mean, there were four guys who brought a hole. They brought their own table. Right. I mean, real plates would silverware with real knives and a whole thing. I mean, really put on a fantastic display here, but I can't, I just can't tell you that it was great because it wasn't. Precooked food is always going to be leftover. No matter what. Yeah. And the stick was cooked like raw, which I just, no matter what it was, I still would have hated it because I like my stick medium well. Yeah. But I read in that call with a different subject. And it's good thing they brought the good stick knife because I had a stab at twice to stop it for moving around and play it. Yes, man. It's the, uh, and anybody brought you the city link yet. No. Great. Did was that the city link that Brian just brought in? Yes. Joe Costello just handed to me and it says the Howard Beale has another column. Yeah. All needed bad news at WIRD. Oh, my God. It says sports talk programs with a host were knowledgeable professionals, not former Jock retreads who believe talking about their sexual conquest and jamming for is make for intriguing listening. That's huge to me. It's the, the non-Jock on, on on the station. It was always into that. But what can I tell you? Yeah. I like later at the very end about the WIRD. I don't understand this is IOD. Why I don't understand, I don't see on a listen to that station. So I have no idea what, uh, what he's talking about. Well, the gist of the matter was that he was sick of TV news. So he thought he turned on the radio to get a watch. WIRD. Oh, I hate that station. To get away from mindless news and flashing. That makes him blah, blah, blah. I found there was a was a very, very, very story. We said some histories in order to do why we used to be one of the most respected stations in the nation. And entertainment station, shockful of talented individuals, who became the model for many aspiring broadcasters. And he liked that. And it was a news department that regularly beat fellow radio and TV news reporters to the story. Absolutely correct. A long time home, where the Miami Dolphin was the only game in town. And like he said, the private TV reiterated. And then he goes on about how come this isn't highlighted about WI and Z. It says at the bottom, that says WI and Z is the WI and Z is become all news and WI and Z is become talk. Uh, uh, it says what WI and Z is become to all news. WI and Z is become the talk radio. Rick and Zuck are working spot having been funding in years. That's why Laura continues to insult listeners within sip it advice. Rush Limbaugh continues to blow hot air and Brook Daniels has to rate as the single worst excuse. Wow, the single worst excuse for a broadcaster in the history of the human race. It says five minutes of a afternoon show and you either urine for dead air or just to be dead. You know, what's my even discuss as minutes you're rating says my close friend Howard Beale. I love a couple paragraphs up about Peter Bolder. Oh, this is getting better by the second. Now where is it? Oh, we're having most venues. Or the problems begin at the top. Peter Bolder is the operations manager in the program director for both station. He's an asshole. And it's obvious that his leadership is about as solid as his programming choices. This is the guy who gave a green light to replaying Jim Rome sports talk every night at 9 o'clock. Problem is it's taped earlier in the day, which means WI would be his airing information at 9 hours old. Their channel shares some blame since they own the company their own role. We show environment in Miami. They can collect larger ad revenues from sponsors still to them. Barisman at a programming joke. He's an asshole. Yeah, but at least he's consistent anyway. Well, thanks for making my days sweetheart. Okay. Even lunch started to taste better now. Great. Thank you. Right. Nobody like that Howard Beale. I'll tell you that right now. He's on top of it. I'm just mad at him. But I don't think that's anything. Oh, oh, oh. It'll f**k you. That's free. Broughts. Not a half free. Broughts. Tool. Part on take. It's tool. Part on take. Just to the highest tool. The smallest tool. My fellow Americans. I stand before you tonight. Part off growing part on. It's Spanish. Pardon. I reach up my tool to all of you. A rock solid part on. A pre-gross. Tonight I have three drugs. To, to part on take. To, to part on take. And ask that we join together in staying to the American people. Take it. You know, there's this great place in theory of that you'd be loving. and then you know the only often the york there's a fantastic place where they've been waiting hot dogs and then uh... you know god i am so sorry that i ever you know years ago not that many years ago but in the past there were every now and then we would do this we do a young and a recon suddwood we show like this and we would talk about different kinds of restaurants and uh... it was fun and we haven't done this at a long time and you know why could it's uh... it's all over with okay it's not fun it's agony and especially this meal was agony five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and two wireless line here's a mobile and pepper pines hello me oh yes sir um... call it from panberg pines i have a real good listener here program sir i'd like to get the telephone number of it's the you talk very you're a good one concept where are you and can repine okay well sure to have been delighted to give a two but it's uh... five eight one five eight one four seven four seven three nine three and a good there the best i use them every year is that right i don't know what are they do is a dry air is they don't come in with a bunch of water no they don't just a regular dry cleaning the dry cleaner carpenter it's a regular magnificent job probably when i tell you okay thank you very much and i'd listen to your program and thank you so much there god bless you okay six hundred open lines five six seven five sixty five six seven five six seven five six eight five six eight five six eight ten two wireless line i guess that's probably the last time that somebody that we don't know is going to be bringing us lunch which is okay we know lots of people that we do know and i'll bring us lunch anytime we want it and we know what to expect and then we don't have to disappoint them and i don't have to feel so bad which contrary to the way you think i do feel bad i think it's uh... unfortunate you know that didn't all of garden i didn't feel bad because i hated them like poison before they brought in the food and then it was kind of like oh well we're gonna show you and they brought them the stuff and it was crap and you know something made to a big business they're all over the country it's a humongous change they're up in Canada they're everywhere's the all of every street corners another one right next year god damn my secretary walgreen there's a god damn my olive garden so again it goes to show you that there's no accounting for taste have never spoken to anyone that had a good meal there look at all the people driving through McDonald's right now as i speak we got people listening to you right now probably have to drive through McDonald's you know all i can say is it's great and answered them because they're rest of the food there sucks put other than that and don't eat the bond god forbid five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line mobile in four lauderdale hello hey new yes sir i know you find notice from the gp in the you live in plantation and it's an oldie it's a damn doubt say count no they've been out of business for years i know but you've been there right horrible horrible terrible oh get out of here why do you think they're out of business well they could you know i don't know awesome it was great well evidently nobody else did thank you they had the big cow in front they're on four forty one don't your laughing i'm serious they had the big cow out in front of the joint and it was a grotesque place and then they had like a butcher shop right next door to what and they've been gone for years and the place across the street which he doesn't mention that was pretty good was chucks but they went out of business because that uh that neighborhood isn't exactly what it used to be if you follow my drift that uh that's another one of those changing neighborhood yeah there you go so yeah chucks was pretty good i never had a bad meal and i mean it wasn't in the same league with the rose craze it was less expensive and but it was a good always had good meals in there but it's gone here's a mobile and highly hello yes sir are you missing his Robert told yeah he's outstanding he's missing the fishes he's with salient and with that lovely lady from uh maybe listen uh chuck this door on it's over on 17th street yeah but that's been there forever but this particular one is gone and then what's the change wasn't there also one uh on uh on yeah there there were around there's if there were three of my things but the one in a plantation or water hill actually that's uh that's been gone for awhile now yeah i haven't been to Ruth Krish but you know you and your uh colors tell you i've got to go i did i have gone to Dunchul is that we went there last year and i was really kind of disappointed you know service wasn't real hot and uh i don't know if he's just spitting himself to it then with all these other restaurants or what it wasn't up the part when it used to be and i guess it's kind of harder to read the menu now that they keep under inflating the footballs you know i get go you know the burn is a good great steak outside they get too complicated on the menu yeah yeah yeah by the time you figure out how many ounces and uh right and the different shades the shades of pink and brown by the time you get through you you need to be a rocket scientist that's true but it's a fun it's like you know i have to spend the whole night there and lastly it was a great game last night i love one go sabers but it calls about that because we have no knowledgeable hockey fan still barren scores the tying goal Jason will either winning goal uh lindi rough through it a phenomenal job coaching uh and of course the red warner plan a great game on defense and really doing a super bad killing all those penalties and nobody here on those from nothing you know yeah i hear Brian Murray call yeah night in here Chris Wells call and either have a great day sir you too oh Chris Wells you're gonna start that again oh what's the point what's the point and like i said that's uh this town for you know they can fill up that arena with a bunch of thunderheads who have no idea what's going on there and couldn't care less and are just their to smooth and socializing talk with each other in a cell phone and then that's fine you know more power to win you is right in the big box but when it comes to being able to discuss and understand again it's uh as usual hopeless here's my nihillow yeah sir you know speaking all right the new x take cows was one of the best that was good but i don't agree with a couple of the guys that's the they said that they're that that's in the apartment there uh fair i've been up there twice and it's they can first but they don't even have to do a wheelchop comes out dry enough like i'm gonna drive all the way up the boat and you're going to go to the poms if you're not normal there you see the waiter and then you all you see the bus boy and that's that's the end of that they put you behind the pole if they don't like you also it's like the forge i i i i i i i there's nothing i'm gonna tell i'm gonna say it again to me there's nothing worse than going at that restaurant anywhere in the world where you have to smear them at the where you have to know somebody to get set in a place where you're gonna get decent service and maybe even the right food uh forget that that's a plastic bunch of crap right it's for pseudo intellectuals it's for name droppers yes that will more than not any better we went the more than twice and the first time we went up there with six of us and build a nice build a service with mediocre when i got to build there was a twenty five hour charge for two glasses in the low i called her the assistant manager and i said what is this he said well you were the previous it no i didn't i just said my low the waiter didn't give you tell you blah blah blah no he said well he made an adjustment that was fine came back the next time the service was awful and the same guy that's who was topologized never came by the table once i had a poor my own wine right and and the food which is mediocre uh it's for i could say a root could still the best of it a lot god bless room but i'll tell you for the Italian restaurants there was no one any better than the one in the kitchen cappera eighty first in this game yeah and rain moth oh that's there forget that yeah i think it was really fantastic now you're going way back yeah i put a hand on land now you're going back to the print hamlet and juniors you're right you're right honey juniors okay see you found thank you good old days when his town was great in spite of what George thinks before got ruined by all the invaders no it was it was great here once upon a time but not uh you know it's but it what i think i have no idea exactly you know just like you don't know about roots christ because you never been there and you don't know what it was like here in the mid 70s when it was still a uh semblance of something and back when i first came here back in 56 on the beach and back in the 70s oh god when the golf ocean mile was like a happening place instead of a bunch of old people with your teeth in the glass yeah and we still had spring break and even old parts like us could you know cruise up and down the A1A there and see all those amazing young living and breathing naked people and god it was great oh we don't want that now we want the French Canadians to come in with their worthless money that's what we want so they can leave their 15 cent tips on a $200 check which is for 80 people of course five six seven oh five six day pound five six these see you this is what you people wanted you wanted it to be like this and now you got it okay now you have it it's perfect it's for dead people and French Canadians and believe me there ain't nothing better than a dead French Canadian here's sunrise hello sunrise okay thank you okay it's time for like he was finishing up lunch hope it was good sir maybe he was a McDonald's unlike fries to me it's not like some extra a list of crispy five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line mobile and hell and they'll hello Neil I bought a restaurant Vegas meaning what what what is that mean how about a restaurant vegan how about a steak house what about it in the rush co-como the best yeah okay great have a good time there see they don't hear they have hearing aids they have real problems these people they just you know like Abby on guiding like woman if they hear the next minute they don't hear hey Abby can hear now and I'm maybe she's not going to be talking like that anymore okay she's not going to be talking at baby talk now that she can hear the sound of her own voice you think he's going to be talking you know I mean I don't want to make fun of the the hearing challenge or whatever they're you know but Jesus Christ why did it go in a little bit far with that you know I'm saying Abby cut the crap I mean I thought it was really amazing on Friday we said you mean I talk like yeah my god what did get get that you know that was even she couldn't stand it here's a mobile in Orlando hello hi me help yes sir oh great I just want to know I lived in the operating beach for 23 years and unfortunately I've been in Orlando for the last eight years the highlighted my living in Orlando is coming back to Miami wow I'm being able to get you on on the air and listening to you because what I am to listen to in Orlando forget about it you still the dream yes I great instead of a lot of the time and I'm just and I'm writing down here hundreds of laughing along listening to you and I just wanted to know I'm a first time call and it's an absolute honor to be talking to you yes I am thank you sir I have a great life okay I'm much up for that trailer track shut there and then of course all those gate hell by the arrows five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the AT and T wireless line like I said we've taken enough crap we've seen enough of the straight assholes smooching and all this other stuff and now it's art here and okay there you go all this bull crap all these double standards in the country that refuses to come out of the dark ages I'm embarrassed for you even our borders to the north even the Canadians laugh at us like oh my god and they're no picnic here's hi Alia hello yes sir how you doing okay I think you being gay as part of your speel anyway yeah listen I have a question for you hello I'm listening sir oh how long I'm gonna be listening but I'm here well I know come to the great shock but I'm still here I agree with you about all those spics but I don't think it's a cuban's referring to though yeah we made Miami what it is today yeah piece of crap yeah thank you five six seven oh five sixty a piece of crap or everything is corrupt where the city is bankrupt where we got public politicians going to jail I mean it's beautiful you made it what it is and God the will judge you for the judgment day I'm so sick and tear that air that's part of that same arrogant attitude we made it what it would not us it wouldn't have been crap I hate to break the news the Miami was going just great guns before we had this wild invasion here okay it was going just great guns maybe we didn't have as many people with you know suitcases full of drug money coming in but those are the people from Venezuela and Colombia so leave the Cubans alone on that they only wish they had all that money here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello yeah yeah sir listen this uh no early birds yeah hope I enjoyed the ballgame last night yes we're going to have no early birds what's that worth that's price list you know it's worth paying 50 bucks a stake for that uh listen uh you know as well as I do you go into any restaurant that's got an early bird that's time to turn around and walk right out you bet how about the chop house in Chicago okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line they they just you know there one no Charlie they don't get it nobody cares about the chop house nobody cares about Chicago nobody cares about Orlando nobody cares about Boston nobody cares about San Diego about New York about all these things okay do you got it do you get it yet no I know you wouldn't it's the biggest pile of course crap I have ever seen in my freaking fracking way in fitters now it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda loses his virginity oh I do do you are one my mom what happened to me oh my oh oh what's this oh no oh yes yes yeah Yoda gets you with R2 D2 oh I do D2 give it to me baby oh no in a theater near you 130 at five sixty WCM has affected his roots christ is one of the best station town but before lottery a location is much better than the one in Miami I wouldn't know I'd have been to one in Miami uh regarding Smith and Mollensky it's great but you have to go twice to appreciate it is what it says everyone I've taken once was indifferent and in the second time fell in love with it I'm not indifferent okay I'm not the least bit indifferent I'm not indifferent indifferent undecided and then it goes down for barbecue in home Omaha State's really isn't that good nothing for your money order from Alan Brothers which is just expensive but worth it and it's got a number they supply states to many great the state housing including Morton's and it's got numbers here okay whatever you say okay but that second time you're talking about that uh that place you know no that was your just second time that he ate from there he said this one was better than the first time but done here's Miami hello gone long gone here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello hello Neo my name is Stone Cold and I'm okay great nice talking to you Stone here's a mobile in Miami hello okay sir first on caller uh yeah right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line nothing like always telegraphing your material asshole papapapapapapapapapapia mobile in four-laterdale hello hi Neo yes sir hey you're getting too good at this yes I am hey listen first along one to thank you for uh turn me on to the ad can die uh started at last Saturday and I'm already down five pounds yeah our program director uh but pushy galore he's lost ten pounds on the acorns in last week or two wow I tried everything and this is the first thing that's ever really shown the results my doctor called and Dr. Mark yesterday called it on the show he's not a hundred and six lost like forty pounds on the acorns everybody I know is losing weight on the acorns only except me I'm not doing it amazing making try and every day I start out with the best of intentions and then something happens hey uh what I what I wanted to call you about the sights that is uh my wife and I were over in France a couple of months ago I'm sorry yeah I agree the French lived right down to the reputation uh but anyway after we I got tired of paying you know seventy and eighty dollars for lunch we decided today maybe we better some things down in a couple of lunches in McDonald and the one thing about McDonald's over there is first of all they're clean and second of all it's like it's like a for McDonald's for fast food it was actually a nice experience compared to any of these places that you find down here in South Florida and what respect well I mean you know first of all actually some of the the only friendly people that we found in France worked in McDonald's I've got clean enough and second of all you know we went it was around Christmas time and we went into one and they actually were all decorated and they had some guy in their playing piano and I'm saying you're going to this cannot be the same McDonald's as in the U.S. it was this in Paris I actually was in Bordeaux because I know in Paris I would agree that I might actually go to McDonald's there because the French restaurant said refused to speak English and they really jerk you around especially from American just like all the reputation says they do all of the above and they're screwing you know so that's the place I might consider going McDonald's you know like problem isn't Paris the French are such pigs that they walk outside and instead of like fighting or receptacle outside like in any other major city it's where they're garbage and they they take you know they have styrofoam containers from their big max and they're other stuff and they just throw them on the street and then if they're not the mood to finish like the entire burger they throw the remnants on the street and just kind of like a wanderwater along you know you know you know absolutely correct we were there for five days and we had a couple of those you know $150 incredible dinner so called incredible dinners in Paris yeah and I'll tell you what I've eaten better at at Denny's and pay the hell of a lot less and you're absolutely right we didn't speak a word of French yeah we're always putting it in the media they hate you like poison my dad you wouldn't do exactly you would have thought that you know anyway you're talking okay have a great thing see McDonald's okay we took to vote McDonald's when five six seven at least they're consistent you know what to expect that's right people have asked me you know when you talk about what McDonald's an answer to him is it the same as it is like in Miami it is exactly I mean there is in one jot or a tiddle different it's exactly the same stuff the same bun the same meat the same pickle the same whatever exactly the same and the best part of it is they didn't even put mayonnaise on it over there and if you buy fries and McDonald's they didn't even put mayonnaise on oh but they have separate little joints that sell only french fries that's what they stick their mayo on it and I always think what are we full of experience that is here's Miami Lake sell a you know how you do okay sir that's being count got to be over Don Choules yeah no way and you're the only person that's ever said that went 30 other night excellent service excellent service at the bar perfect yeah but uh oh yeah yeah have you ever been to Ritz Chris yeah I've been went to Russ about year and a half ago and they were pretty good but I just like to meet over Choules better thank you better all right that's all okay thanks I'm great okay set up call five six seven oh five sixty and I've never heard anybody say that except Hank of course who's doing your show with it today so what you're gonna say you know I know that Hank really likes Ritz Chris five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and T. Wallace I don't know what you're smiling when you know when I say that I believe that in my heart he knows Ritz Chris is ready he's got good taste he's had a few meals in his time although he does like Joe Stonecrab stew and well that's that's again that's a mindset thing you know Schmerley and made to the or he knows you when and like their 80 people standing in line who are very important and they'll put you ahead I'm not in that I'm not impressed by that and as much as I don't even care about Stonecrab I've been told for years that there are a million places in this time where you can get much better Stonecrab than you'll ever get a Joe's and much less of a price we don't have to Schmerley the majority to sit down you don't have to go through a big plastic song and then so and you know it's just all depends on what you want to see to go to Frank Costello or get your Hoover you know that's what that's all about here's a crawl spring pillow yes I'm sure it's how could you on the aton but from the front and a lot of carbo oh yeah no vitamin C pal go read it up in your book okay go ask you mama protein yeah protein five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it I've been wondering how about finding a life of the good to anyone have to wonder about such pedestrian things is that is what I'm putting in my mouth how about worrying about what's coming out of your mouth asshole here's Western hello Neil and thanks for listening to five sixty Q amp yes sir that's sure this is definitely overrated yeah in fact I got probably work there that's what everybody tells me yeah overrated great read told me that I probably shouldn't repeat that on the air since it's one of our fine sponsors and we do have our shows from there but he told me it's not in the same league with mediocre up that I think that's one of the times he wasn't lying listen I'm an old-time color I won't disclose my name yet yes I haven't been what what do you mean yet well I'll tell you later oh at the end of the call so be up or I can you'll probably hang up on me yeah I said well men used to be real good buddies used to be good buddies yeah uh listen meaning what you know this time was backward I mean what are you used to be good buddies yeah based on why I used to bring you soup yeah remember moishi oh like you said can you believe that can you believe these people these simple ones these idiots overgrown children see there's I guess we all go through a period of our lives I'm not really sure in this case like between thirteen and forty when you're like an overgrown child and he was right he knew that as soon as he mentioned the name he'd hear that that wicked dial tone you're right you're for your pathetic you're sad you and your little group of our cluster fork boyfriends you're sad I feel sorry for you I feel sorry for me that's what I feel sorry for for me here comes that ten million dollar check that we've been waiting for from the clerk thank you Carlos you get part oh it's a goddamn disc it's an AC in this dammit I thought that was it for sure 22 before two at five sixty q a n it'll be the hang goldberg show from sure let's take two who look clocked this afternoon hey listen I'm sure that they get some pretty good free food over there what's wrong with that we got Donnie B the baseball talking uh that stuff it takes a clock the Marlin pre game show at six thirty Orioles and the Marlins and of course even her range like hell and I they're gonna get that game in because you already paid for your tickets and John Hemmys gonna keep your money even if about maybe forty or fifty old human ex-outs show up to protest be derangelo's like last night what a disgrace what an embarrassment what a humiliating experience will take your money even when we want you to build us a dumb stadium see if you build a stadium we'd have played a game a nice couple you wouldn't have to stay home from the rain you can't complain about public relations in this town because there isn't any it doesn't exist did you note my jockey shorts so now it's pops in principle then you're done for me I'm just pop on the top yeah I'm gonna do what you're gonna do when the car is coming for you it's a little bit a little bit a little opposite of the guy say what brings you up to my little boat well we got us some reports of some fuss and then abusing the knees here part yes there's a guy my shame to admit it to my wife Sarah exposed part of our ankle wow that no good hustle yeah I've got me a good mind put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes hmm well that would be a good idea but then there wouldn't be anyone to melt the cow yep women there the reason we're all going to hell yeah well I gotta get back to plow on the fields we'll keep in I guess I'll be getting back to the barn raising as a guy I'm a top top top top what you gonna do what you gonna do when they jacks will you that's the night on cops oh you're gonna throw in your dot's country 145 at five sixty wqm see I don't know what these people were thinking about I mean I appreciate the steak knives that's a real expensive set of steak knives and I need those badly by the way so thank you very much and a cap the is Smith and Wolinsky cap and the golf shirt and the t-shirt and the y'all the other good stuff pretty well into wine and the wine the George is just sucking on right now these charred a name it's uh great the one cabaret cabaret a sovane charred a name whatever hell it is and that's great but I just don't know what they were thinking I mean they put on this big show and it's been always people over here and uh I you know what I'm saying I was having a rain yeah that's what I'm saying because I don't know what they thought was going to happen maybe they thought that it exchanged for all the big show that they put on which I I'm appreciative of that I would come on a empty man this was sensational it was uh staggering is what it was here's Miami hello hey Neil yes sir how's it going great I was wondering you know what you said the palm I think the palm is the best yeah we have we had several people call I think that's by far the best steak has better than Ruth Chris better than sure I know I did the palm in Chicago was sensational they got the best sides they got I mean the best of everything they did they have a lot of keeping this game oh no I'm about harbor oh well same difference yeah bell harbor and they asked the best corn happen to be pretty good too the what? Morton's yeah Morton's are good and you were talking about losing weight you know you need a try the sanitary yeah have you ever heard of it no it's a supplement that helps lose weight okay thanks proud no two pills 560 560 560 on the AT&T line those people trying to pedal me that stuff in the shopping malls that they keep in fact we were in Dallas waiting to go to Vegas a couple of weekends ago and they had one of those uh things one of those uh kiosks they're in the middle of the airport in Dallas or they sell that other stuff that everybody was Raven aban El Paso here's plantation hello plantation okay there's that line eight does syndrome again thanks for the cheap fawn system Greg here's sunrise hello I knew yes sir I ate illegal fee food and progress yeah and I have to tell you it was one of the most satisfying dining experience yeah they got to call before we said it's exactly they have the stuff shipped down from Boston it's exactly the same as up there and I know the one up there are eating there many times this is outstanding yeah the food was great a little touristy I think most of the people there were tourists that are visiting the mall but it's a great idea to have places like that there but yeah it's a great place to eat in the middle of all this shopping and so did you have trouble getting in there was it probably went about five thirty in the afternoon right my time we left though starting to find out what did they do me a favor because I stay even though I live like a rock store from there I stay away from the sawgrass as much as humanly possible because it's impossible to park and nobody speaks English and it's like going to Miami yeah so what where is legal seat for what part of them all there's a new you know where the theater is yeah windback you speak in the world it's like right across from the arena yeah yeah well that's way back to the mall right okay but they've been where the parking lot used to be they put this whole big section of shop the Russell wasted yeah right and they took with and then they expanded this here and they're talking the back now but it's right there where the parking lot for the movies used to be yeah called the oasis it's just in this a new section of the mall we've got great plan shelter boy oh they had good plan right now and it was the dive for okay I'll check it out thanks great bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T see we're finally coming into the world out there and was the Broward slowly but surely we got a Denny's we got a legal suit what more could you want Denny's is okay for those mother hopper pies huh I can't eat him before I sure which I could I could eat the whole thing I could go in here get one of those pies to take one of those like um chalk with cream pie I was just thinking oh that's more hard time or even better than that I love banana cream pie for five minutes away from one to it all the do I ever love a banana that mother hummer uh butter mother cream pie oh boy do I love it can't eat it though because God punishes us in very mysterious ways here's my me lakes hello good afternoon Neil yes sir yes um I've eaten it all the restaurants you've been talking about and all of them are great however I've never eaten it short she'll is up on sterling now somebody called about that before it's on sterling now I thought it was in Davy sterling bro I believe great great great great atmosphere Neil you a big fan of atmosphere no you don't like atmosphere I like food you well that's great everyone like to mean everyone you obviously you know your food yeah I don't I don't I don't I don't want to pay for atmosphere I mean I don't want to go into a dive and would dummy place but the atmosphere is not that I'm not in that plastic stuff I like you know comfortable place but I like good food right if you ever in your nap is Neil almost okay thanks yeah Elmo I hear he's on fiery slamming 10 before two at five sixty w q m god your panic pal okay what time's this your while six o'clock Saturday morning poor Joe yeah that Peter Leonard you know he's he's an asshole oh yeah and you think that if somebody was selling a spot on his radio station would you only got six hundred salespeople they wouldn't have time to be quoting chapter inverse everything I say on his show no matter how obviously ingested might be or ludicrous on the face of it but in his case being as creepy as he is he probably just sits in this cubicle there and calls out on the phone because he would really want to see him in person you know I can imagine him calling up a client saying hey I thought we'd go have lunch there oh no gee we're busy but let's hear how much how much you want just right out the contract you know facts it over me I'll sign it anything to keep you out of here that's the way I feel ten before two at five sixty w q m and how about those holes in your roof two by the way George they're getting taken okay well just let me know if they're not because as soon as I heard that story from you and then realize it was connected to him I started linking the pieces together you know like fitting in the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the empty spot on a jigsaw puzzle oh yeah Peter Leonard's involved in that well five were you I'd get a bunch of buckets out you know just say it didn't get the bucket when you're struggling next to garrers any day that's the rope in which is Monday too Saturday please mention the nice sent you by oh god they will