Sign up on startup pyramid. Come on. Sports radio 560 WGQAM. Miami Ford Lutterdale presents the Neil Rother's show to talk to Neil called 567-0560 told free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone. There's opinions of Neil. His guest call is her. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM. Be easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 562. Oh, my cow. Neil Rogers is right. The Cubs start. Goodbye, Ryan Murray. I feel the team and you wouldn't know. Good hockey. It fits with you. Who are the ad? Right, tomorrow. Coach, you are a stupid. Yes. Yes. You're touring a sea noth. Yes. You keep you on it. You couldn't manage your checkpost. Never mind it being. That at one time had all the rights to go. And it won't be too late for a deceler frame. When you're the one safe frame. Oh, and when you leave. Don't forget to smoke your hockey queen. Tomorrow on you thought that you would do better. And don't make play. And point the pain does and need more. There's no one less to play. I'm not. Good bye, Ryan Murray. You heard that bit that. You don't know. You're talking about running all hockey teams. And you're not interested in meery. Why? But no matter how you try. You can't deny that. You make the pastures just because you make good lousy coach. And there's a manager who really blows. And the empty due date for a scooch they love frame. When you're the one safe frame. And when you leave. Don't forget to smoke your hockey queen. You thought that you would do better. That's the same. When the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. And the thing goes, there's no one less to play. I mean, I, you know, you just want to sit there and put your head in your hands, put your thing in your hands and just cry just weak like a child. I mean, you're charging admission for this. How come there won't refund there? You know, just for a little bit of goodwill. That's what those 38,000 people showed up there for yesterday, was to say, goodbye, you've all had a bastard we hate you like poison and we'll give the other guy a chance. We'll give anybody a chance. It would make any difference it was John Henry. John Schwartz, they don't care, even Steve Nullberg did a given a chance. Well, I doubt that. I'm leaving here yesterday. I'm getting the elevator and it stops on the second floor, which is not usually a good sign because I mean if it's some of the deadl paper pusher people, they're nice people. Rather than that, it could be one of the QAM salespeople, one of our 727 people on our salesman. Well, seriously, before I get into who was on the elevator, I've walked out in the hall this morning to go take a leak and there's a guy, I mean, nice guy, you know, kind of on the fat side. He'll fit in here perfect. Fat guy, young guy with a mustache and he goes in at a bluff. He's, uh, I'm a new here. I just started yesterday in sales. I'm looking for the T-ROOM or whatever he said. He asked the right guy, by the way, definitely was with the T-ROOM is. So I go into take a leak and this guy goes in there with me. He's a new sales guy. Oh, yeah, I just started yesterday. And when I wish him all the luck in the world, believe me, he'll need it. I mean, we got, you, you can go out in a street here. You can go out in a 441 and like bump into something. Oh, yeah, I just started a QAM and sales. You worked there too. Like I said, we got 7, 427 salespeople here. Man, I wonder how a screw-and keeps in the straight. So the speed. Roy, man. Huh? I wonder why I don't wonder. But at any rate, getting back to this mess with the Wayne and the whole thing. I mean, that's what that was all about yesterday. Oh, getting back to, I see, I'm way ahead of myself. When I got days like this, what I have so much stuff. And by the way, I don't want to get started on the health kicking him, but I'm just going to tell you right now, my pulse. You don't know, I had this, which I never bring in here except the new George was out sick today and I wanted to impress Joe. Well, the reason I brought this in is because I'm trying to get off that the hydrochlorophytes, I had to take my load tension. But of course, being smart in just in case I brought the other cool and I brought my blood pressure cuff. The one you put on your lip wrist, which solves two things. Kills two, it keeps your wrist nice and firm and tells you your blood pressure in your pulse at the same time. 65. Do you know my pulse or nearly like a two high? 85, 90, 95. Bad, not good. Perfect pulse for like a, for like you would be like 60. That would be great. 65, I can't remember the last time I took my pulse and it was 65. Or you would have been doing a lot of exercise nearly right. 65. That coach you 10 then and all the other stuff that I'm starting to take just three days like a major miracle. I don't care what any doctor tells you, I don't give a crap. Read that atkins book, not just a diet book, read the book with a vitamin nutrients that new book he's got on, it's unbelievable. Now, you can't take all the stuff. In fact, that's a good way to lose weight is to take all the stuff he recommends in that book because you never have time to eat. You just be popping pills all day. 65. Unfreak and believable. So while George is getting sick because he keeps eating all kinds of crap in junk, all by the way, I don't want George to get upset because I'm sure he's home sick and listening. I don't want to get him feeling any worse. But you know, sand the promotion man, he's not referring to George as she. Now, what is that all about? Is he got a crush on George? Is there something going on there at a nova? Yeah, he referred to George as she twice this one. I don't want to create any riff there, okay? Because I know the real tight. Those two. Because George always commented about sand. He's an asshole after he walks out. But I wonder what the she meant. I mean, what it meant by that. So anyway, I get off the elevator or get in the yesterday. It stops at the second floor. And a guy gets on. I thought, who looked familiar like in a real obnoxious way. Like somebody I had seen once before, but I would hope never to have seen again. And he reaches out and says, hey, I'm Steve Noodleberg. See, this guy was on our sales staff when I signed up to come here. I had the meeting in October before I started on the year and a half ago. And I met this guy and then he'd like left. Like everybody else in sale, like Gary Sarner, he left. He comes back, he left. He comes back. He's been fired 400 times. Now he's the employee of the month because he's a good guy. And he sucks up to the boss. And he's a good close friend with Greg Reed. So he gets his $200 of the pin. And you know, he'll take the pin because he's got to brown nose. So anyway, this guy. And I remember George told me about Steve Noodleberg because George of course I had a work in production for those months before we started on the year. God forbid, they paid George for nothing like they had to do with me. And George said, oh, that's Steve Noodleberg. He's an asshole. Oh my God. He said, he makes that voice seem like a good guy. Like, are we over-responsible sales guy? So welcome back Steve Noodleberg. I thank God you're selling in sports. See, we have to have 65,000 sales people in the sports department because just praying that they might stumble across somebody might want to buy the marlins. Anybody want to buy some spots in the marlin? No. Hey, they're really hot. They're one and oh, 10 bucks a dollar a dollar. Anybody want to buy a spot. So see the fact that the Greg Reed is mortgage the entire radio station to William Hype Pinga and all these sports and John Henry now and all the sports franchises. They kind of have 28,000 sales holes like I said to go out there and sell spots. Anybody out there want to buy a commercial on the marlin? No. I'm telling you, Alex Fernandez with that big fan ass of his. No. Oh, that's right. Shouldn't have said that. You know, Alex, why are you sensitive? Okay, if you're going to be a big, big, fat guy, you did wonderful yesterday. Everybody was pulling it for you. I mean, great. Everybody in all these, uh, follow my over him. All the columnists, every columnist that ever wrote in the hero except the very jackass had a column this morning. Waxing you for a couple of the marlins in a grand, new beginning and it was great and they didn't see any of those patches of empty seats. They didn't see that. It was spectacular. So we'd like you, Alex used to be a hurricane. Yeah, actually, I used to listen to my show back in the early days before I became a job knockers. But he hates us because then he even hates your rose. How can he hate your rose? He's a good guy. He's a little dumb, but he's a good guy. Christ. Just because he said you're fat, Alex, take a look at the mirror sweetheart. You're a big fat, Julio is what you are. That's what you are. Well, what do you laugh about? It's true. He's gigantic. He makes it for an end. It's look like mini mouse. He makes Mickey lowlets look like, uh, Miss Twiggy. Like, Karen Carpet, or after the last to be four to last, uh, non-meal. Your fat, Alex, you are a big cow. Christ. They don't name an apartment complex after him. They just put a sign on his ass. The Alex Fernandez apartment complex. That's how big it is. Your fat. And you're getting, I don't see, I've been fat all my life. If I was skinny, then I would be bad, making fun of a guy that's fat. Don't be uptight about being fat. You're great. Can Alex win 40 games this year? There you go. Sure, that's why it gets all that energy, because he's big and fat. Holy Macaron, this is Jobo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. He's our E.C.P.I.O.N. Oh! His direct design. I'm gonna take off my shoes. Grab off my dress. It makes me black when I see you, yeah. Oh, right. Up, big, and red. Oh! That's good. Big four, five, five. I wanted first and every end of top of you. And take it up, I moved my room for a chain of hoops too. Gave me an infrared sign. OK. He's out to me through the wall. He's our E.C.P.I.O.N. What? I wanted train or ball. I wanted to laugh with Wally-Apsie when you shoot your E.C. And then I'll give it a blow. In the morning, you get a ticket. A ticket. A green sun, two, you take up his I want to wrap on his surround. You're hoping to. And make your wonder where McClub is flew. A wire. That's some infrared. What? That is on Circo side. E-R-E-C-P-I-O-N. Oh! I wanted train or ball. He's our E.C.P. He's a K-5-50-W-C. By the way, the train came in yesterday. I had a call from our program director, Pussy Gallore. And he said to me, man, congratulations. What? That's his new name. That's instead of bluff. I mean, bluff is like, you know, counsel, bluffs, bluff your way to life. But Pussy Gallore, there was like only one before in the movies. So why can't he be your own Pussy Gallore? He's a good guy. He's just a pussy. So anyway, calls me up to tell me the trains came in yesterday. Nice job, Neil. You want to the room? What do I tell you to these numbers, man? We're kicking some serious ass. It's by the sum of the sports nerds around his place. Who thinks that everything revolves around, see the problem with his place is the expense in his place revolves around the sports. That's the problem. That's why Joe Costello, an air has to work with that show. That's silly racing show on Saturday morning. Work six days a week instead of five, because he's trying to eat out a living at four bucks an hour. That's why those little P-P-P-Bus and Voices are on here here. Because they can't afford real broadcasters 24 hours a day. I want to speak out of that voice, by the way. Tom Dennerberg was at the hockey game last night. God, I've got so much stuff here today. He used to work with those biggest assholes. What guy look at them? OK, my book Tom Tom. Don't ever. All those are usually bring in here. But a good guy like Tom Dennerberg, we don't bring the work here. He's probably too smart to come over here. But anyway, he's talking about, yeah, we're talking about radio and about this station and about. And he says, jeez, you know, nobody can believe the guilty is on here, the dead voice. He's like, how can I be on here? I said, you know something Tom even your voice. And Tom's got a high torpedoy at, you know, voice. I said, even you sound better than guilty. So this morning, Joe Costello sitting in there, he asked me, you know, I don't want to embarrass you. But I mean, how could you possibly believe that? He says, would you give me an honest answer if I asked you a question? And I said, sure, unless it's about your nose. And he says, well, you know, do I really sound anything like guilty? And I went, no. Like guilty, there's only one guilty. Huh? I mean, are you out of your mind? You have some kind of inferiority complex. How could you think that about yourself? In fact, I asked guilty how you sound on here. I said, how Joe Costello doing? That's there he showed. He said, hey, that's a good looking guy. Yeah. Which I thought was kind of strange. It was almost like sandcoloured, toward sheet. You know, there's some real strange stuff going on in this place. I would say it's kind of like bubbling under the surface. But it's not like above the surface is what it is. It's not under the surface at all. It's bubbling over. And I'm sitting here, I keep taking like neurotic my blood pressure. And which I don't do. I only do it like sheet times a day or nearly. But I haven't taken that other day and drug. And it's like, you know, like about 130 something over 84, which is anywhere near is low as it usually is. And I'm thinking to myself, why don't have to be neurotic about having excessively low blood pressure? Why not just work my way off these drugs? Huh? I blood pressure doesn't have to be like a hungry over 60 to keep me happy during the go. You know, I'm feeling pretty good right now. I feel like I'm working my way out all these illnesses. These eye-atrogenic illnesses caused by certain doctors. Okay. Not Dr. Mark, he's a good guy, okay? Seriously, I feel like I'm working my way back to a chance at a living or then another five or ten weeks. All this crap that I've had to endure. So who needs to have like neurotically low blood pressures? You do become neurotic about those things. Anyway, getting back to that great game last night. I mean, how could you charge people $57 for the lower bull? I heard all that crap this morning. I heard a lot of the stuff on the worst team. And Gellys in there suck an answer to usually, you know, a lot of bull crap. You know, why don't why not pull off the gloves and name names and talk about the guys on this thing who've just got to go? You know, talk about a lot of injuries. I mean, Washington, no Peter Bonder far in a way, their best player, no marked minority, no Kelly Johansson. I mean, there was they were beat up and bruised and not only that, but also, one since eliminated from any chance at the playoffs. Not only the last night, the last week when the two teams played up in Washington and the catheterals beat the crap out of us. This is a spineless, a gutless, a horse ball team. Why not come out and say it, okay? And yet it was great that we got Pavel Brie. That was wonderful. Yeah, we heard the expression putting all your eggs in one basket. And that's exactly what they did to give the guy all this money. And we got our fingers and legs crossed, land eyes crossed, praying that he gets through, you know, got through the surgery, okay, and he holds up and he'll be back for next season because God forbid that we had this cast of losers back. You know, we got Ray Whitney, I was going there Ray. I don't know, he's in the slump, but he can't carry him forever. And the goalies of even Kirk McClain played tremendous last night. Captain in the game. And Sean broke up to the last couple of games. You can't expect a guy like Sean work ready. But he else to play great every night after a long season of no support. He's going to have some bad games eventually. Jackass is calling in on it morning showed, oh yeah, this team needs some gold turned and they're, yeah, oh God. Talk about the sports calls that come in on his radio station. That is the same guy, by the way, says, you know, about, let's see, you need them are in the Vorac. He picks on them both the Vorac. You only got the guy that got scoring right up. He's the only kid that's out there playing him and Paris. You got a lot of stiffs out there, okay? I hate to break the news to you because some people at this town are very slow to catch on. But number 44, we don't need to see no more, okay? I don't know who's going to take him at this point. I don't know if Nikki's going along for the ride or what to deal is. But no more number 44, please. Okay, goodbye, Robbie. We wish you luck, you're a nice kid, but unfortunately you don't have it. You don't have it inside the gut. How many years have I been telling you that? Was I right? Was I right? Yeah, so I was right, God damn it. Kirk Muller, give the guy a check. You had a wonderful career in Montreal. You were stiff everywhere else. You didn't want to go to New York. The islanders hated you. The least got ready real quick because they knew you were finished. And then all of a sudden Brian Murray being the genius that he is signed you to a three-year deal. I got it washed up. And they keep putting him out there. I realized they got a lot of injuries, but even before the injuries, they keep putting him out there and Chris Wells and the big black guy named Peter. And you people there last night, you know something, I'm going to tell you. I'm not one of those people that's going to kiss up. I don't care if they, I mean we had I would say about 15,000 people or less. There were a lot of NPCs and why not? You know, who wants to see that crap? But this airy time where well goes on gets into another one of these meaningless fights with a guy who comes up to his armpits like Enrico Chicone, he comes up to his pupa guy, I think. And he's beaten a crap out of these guys and he goes in the... And the crowd is maybe the reason being it's the only excitement the crowd is getting for their 57 bucks to take it. I have a theory, I want you to listen this. I have a theory that the people who go to the macaroon if are on Panther hockey nights would far prefer, I'm not talking about all of us, there may be you know, 500 of us who really want to see a hockey game. I think the rest of the people there would much prefer that they suspend the actual game itself. And just have like, what kind of like the WWE WF on skates? Have these guys go out there, fully dressed in uniform, and just beat the crap out of each other for like an hour. You know, cut down on the time. I mean, why waste three hours, rubbing condensate down to an hour? I mean, you know, and you could have different stages of it. You'd have like a one-on-one where well would go out there would like Tony twist, you know, and they could beat the crap out of each other. And then you have little guys, right? Would you go out there with the or flurry, that's not about the ors cut off. You know, we know what I'm talking about. Ty Dome would go out there would like, you know, somebody came up to his naval like a midget and they just beat the crap out of each other. These people here would go nuts, they love it. And then maybe like a in between, if I'd like ten minute information and have cock fights out there in between. Get a big Julio crowd out there for that. Ah, I'm serious. That's what these people want. Peter Warrell adds nothing to this team. Nothing he never did before. He isn't going to in the future. And PM can go on about, oh, he's going to be a great second line winger. He's going to be a, yeah, I got news for you. If anybody could say that Peter Warrell's going to be on the second line on your team, that tells you right there, the team blows the team sucks. What I told you before for getting about Pablo because he wasn't here at the beginning of the season. Okay. Hopefully he'll be okay next year. And I know be out of shadow of a doubt. I know that that's how they're going to pedal tickets for next year. Even after two straight years, not making a playoff. And even with these ridiculously high prices, I am convinced. I know be out of shadow without. They're already got the marketing strategy worked out. And it's the right thing to do. Hey, a whole year of a healthy, pop-el beret, the most exciting player in any sport in the world. And they're right about that. He's great when he's healthy. I told you that before, you ever saw him play the first game. Those of you novices out there like most of you. He's phenomenal. But we just keep in mind, he wasn't here to begin in the season. What did I keep telling you? This team suffers from lack of talent. Too many stiffs. Your hand grurping love. The Kirk Muller, Robbie Neetermar. There are too many guys out there that can't cut the much of Chris well. I mean, they're just how can a team you dress 18 guys and two go. You dress 20 guys. Okay. 12 forward six defensemen to go to Englanders. How many stiffs among those 20 people can you have? You thought I wanted to say to be competitive. I mean, forget about this horsecracker talking to his wife, oh, Stanley, copy it out of the way. You know, you hope to be competitive. So you make the play off and then maybe you get hot like they did three years ago. And you can be real competitive in a place. Nobody knows. Look at the flyers with all their talent. Anybody see that go. Hex dollet in last night. Yes. Against the Rangers, it makes. I can't tell you how pleased it makes me to see the Philadelphia Flyers pulling like an accordion. Wither without the injuries. Before all these injuries, they still were sucking big time with all those big high played pairs of the Claire and Lindros and the Rindamore and Recky and all these guys. You know, suck and wind. Chris Tamer from the Rangers, a you know, Penguin defensive reject who couldn't play us a lot of a paper sack. He takes a week back and just a looping shot from setterized and Ron Hex doll reaches on ups. Oops. It's in the effinette. Oops. Run. Oh, yeah. Maybe that's what happened. Maybe he cut one when it was just at the wrong time. You know, wow. I thought I seemed to have you know like Felix Potten with Leafs last year. Gives it gives up that late shot, but least by Alan Aginas from setterized. A great defensive and scored a lot of gold. A harder shot in the game. Okay. At least it was a bullet shot. He missed it. But this was like just a little looping backhand from setterized by the fence window. So never scores a goal. Oh, you know, hey, Ron. Hex doll. Run. Come on. Where is it, Ron? Look at that. He won't even do it again. I can't believe it. He's embarrassed. I don't blame that being embarrassed to run. Joe's having a good time with the screwed up spots in the audio vault there and all this stuff with the levels. The ones that are out of phase and one that are distorted. How do you like that? 1035-60W. Well, let's see a QAM F in way, man. That's just the way it is here. We're not concerned about that. Like I told you before people think I joke about these things. We have evidence. Okay. We have ample evidence over the past 15 months. These people don't care whether your spot is audible on the ear or not. Just whether we play it. I mean, even if it doesn't get on the ear, as long as it's playing on a car somewhere, we made our best effort. Pay us the money and don't complain. You know? And if you happen to be buying the Neorodger show and your spot winds up in some, you know, a little league baseball game, somewhere in a middle. Uh, too bad. I'm just giving us the money. We need it to pay win. That's the whole deal on this radio station. We need the money to pay win and to pay John Henry and to pay all these other things. So, Greg, we can be the sportsman. That's right. So, we can run all over the country telling people, Mr. Sports, I'm the hot shot. I got the dolphins. I got the marlin. I got the panters. And everybody says, yeah, so what's your point? Big deal. Like I said the other day, you know, if you just want to open up a checkbook and write wild checks, anybody will say it, but then when it comes time to pay, well, that's another story we don't want to get in that. So, is it official? I mean, do we now that the marlins are one and who we have them the whole rest of the year? It's in a done deal. Nobody even tells us these things. Maybe our PG, PD, PG, I'll push you global, tell us so whether that's been consummated or not. And the deal, too. So, anyway, getting back to this organization and like I said, you know, I don't care what you say. It made some no consequence to me because I know what I'm talking about. You know, yeah, I gave Brian Marie credit. He got Ray Whitney for almost nothing. He's made some good deals. He's also made a lot of bad deals. And of course, the Palvel Brighin was a steal. I was phenomenal along with Brad. Had to get, that was great. We dumped good Dave Gagne and Special Ed. That was Dynamite. But overall, the problem is if you put together an organization that's dependent only I wanted to guys and then one of them gets injured, what do you got left? You got crap is what you got. This is a very, very lacklust routine. And how many times have I said during this past year, it amazes me a lot of times like that two, two, five against Jersey, not too many days ago. Last time we actually got a point, five games ago. It amazes me to go out there and compete with other these other teams. I don't think most people are realising it. You look at the talent on these other teams. And you look at what we've got out there. You say, Jesus Christ, how these guys compete. So the fact you got guys out there like a Melon B who didn't play last night or Lindsey and Woody, guys that really play hard and overachieving a lot of cases, that's the only reason that this team has been able to even get as many points as they've got because when it comes to tell about there and you stack them up against most of the teams, the decent and good teams in league, it's a joke. There's no contest. So what is this man really put together? He's got a patchwork of guys and then when Pablo Burrie came in, the skilled guys on the team like Ray Whitney, all of a sudden these guys had somebody to play with. Okay. I mean, what kind of a life of you got unless you got somebody to play with? He's right. We are looking for somebody to play with. So if you got the ability to play good and then somebody comes along like Pablo Burrie who's so spectacular and can really bring out the best in your skills, then you see the guys that were really good and then you also would amplify an Itoadi at the time. It amplifies the fact that there are guys out there who can't cut the mustard like number 44. That was really something watching him try to keep up with the Burrie and Whitney on it. He just couldn't do it. Couldn't do it. Couldn't not do it. His brothers got all the heart and that family. I hate to say it. His brother Scott. He's got the heart and that family. There's a great player. Robby's got the talent. He doesn't have the heart and he knows something after this many years. It's not going to happen. Just think what to happen. And even the guys that were injured last night, Victor Coslov and Oleg Kavashik Oleg Kavashik lately is more like Oleg Casini. He's doing the V-I think Victor's teaching all his European friends, skate in those big loopy loops. You know what? It's like you know, figure skating like I told you before. They're doing the old loop like the S-I-T-K-N-N-A-Figure rates out there. They're skating around in circles. They should be playing Billy Preston. We're like around in circles on a PA when those guys get out there. What's the last time Kavashik scored a goal? A year ago, Lucas saw the fact he wasn't in their last night. Does it mean anything really? No. No. Doesn't mean anything. Four X-Cours all the goals. Wait, including one off-side when against Otterwood and maybe Whitney gets one or two here and there. He's been little in the slump. He can't go on forever. And that's it. Anybody else has a Kirk Muller score goal? No. I mean, that's a joke. When his stick touches the puck anywhere near the net, you know, there will not be a goal. When Chris Wells puts his stick on it and the puck too, you know, there is less than O-chan of a goal being scored anytime in the near future. For us. And so it goes right on down the line up. So I don't understand what all the surprises all about. What all the the fact is that there are two people. Well, I mean there are some players that have to go. I've mentioned the names. But more importantly, there are two people who have to go. And they both have the same last name. I mean, you know, I notice now people are cracking back out to goodbye BM bumper the pins again. Yeah, right. He isn't going to get any smarter. He's not going to get any better. And his BS is long since run out of credibility with anybody knows anything. The youngsters in the organization forget about it. Okay. It's not planning PRA anymore. Okay, Brian. Nobody believes in it anymore. And the proof of the putting is the youngsters in this organization. None of them ever get any better when they stay here. Even the veterans that come on this organization, they all of a sudden go into a coma. They go someplace else. Ray Shepherd, Marty Strockas, Dubai. They go someplace else all of a sudden they're a player again. They're got their dynamite. How many youngsters in this organization since day one is a six years later now? Have ever developed? Do Vorax come along? It's your been slow and long, but he's coming along. Anybody else you can think of? No. I mean Mark Paris, but he's already got to tell it. It's not that they developed anything there. He's a hell of a player. They get to a certain point and then it just stops. Because development of the young talent in this organization basically is non-existent. And going out there and get to getting the veteran guys, the guys who are like a build gear and are Steve Thomas, can you guys like that? Doesn't happen on this team. They go out and sign guys like Kirk Moore who are long since washed up to three-year deals for over $2 million a year. Mistake after mistake after mistake. It's time to say goodbye. Why does this late clean and bring in some real hockey people here that are going to build a real winning organization? And not just keep trying to pedal BS because the guys that are writing about the newspapers are about your schmucks and basically putting anything in there that they tell them to put in there. And basically because the fans here don't know a hockey puck from a lenders vehicle. And therefore they'll suck up any crap they put out there. Including the big black guy named Peter. Oh, he's got a player. He's going to be our second line right? Winger. You're right. Huh? I believe you. Yeah. Like I said, this guy at best at best is on the fourth line on any team. If he's good enough to stay in the league. He's on the fourth line. The checking line, the goon line. Yeah. The equivalent like the a tie don't be Chris Kingline at the least of that. That's the fourth line. And by the way, tie don't even got eight goals. And at least can't you know, as a skilled player in many ways has become as work to become more than just a little gloom. That's with a G. Oh, and by the way, speaking of that. Want to slow Sean Abrun? We had that young lady calling yesterday about the National Anthem thing. Sean Abrun. He's the dark, complexive guy that sings the National Anthem once in a while. Did you ever see him? He's good. He's really a nice airing too, Sean. Yeah. He's a dark, complexed skinheaded guy. And he's a nice airing. And he uh, he sings a great. And he doesn't drag it out. And it doesn't take forever. And he's nice. I like Aaron Bergel, but evidently he must have got an argument with Wayne or something. You know, he's in the family. Something like that. Huh? Maybe he got his nose out of joint. I don't know what to deal with. But Aaron Bergel is great. But these people are so fickle here. Yeah. What ah, you know, we like the one with a big boobs. And we like the one with the, yeah, and the great ass. Okay. And then you want a great ass. Go on and watch the next time Alex Fernandez pictures. I mean, you talk about a big ass. I don't want to dwell on that too much today. But as long as he's already not going to come on the sports shows on his station anyway, because he's he's, I mean, how can you have a fragile ego when you're big and fat like that? That would be like fat boy who are opening up the door and say, how dare you call me fat? You know, just because I'm, you know, stealing Snickers bars in the Pau 96 sales sales people's desk. How could you call me fat? As he waltled on the hallway with his walker in his keen. Huh? You're laughing. He had a hip replaced that IOD. He had a hip replaced. He couldn't walk. He was so fat. And then he was after the hip surgery. He was hobbling around with a cane. And I don't mean Steve. Here's a guy that should have learned the lesson. He lost a couple ounces back then. I thought he was moving in the right direction. And then comes over here. And he's, he's like four speedy Snickers bars. Oh, and then I'm really told me last night, by the way, IOD. I always find loads of candy and crap in just eyes that his desk in a waist mask get under the desk all over the place. Rappers even puffed out of you to hang out there by his desk because he's a big fat slob. Now, that's our poll question. Who's fat or you're, of course, people in the audience, most of them don't know Jeff. Who's fat or Jeff high or Alex Fernandez? Huh? Who would you say? Jeff high. Jeff high. See there you go, Alex. You should be feeling better already. Lose some weight, Alex. Okay. Two minute, too much black beans and rice. Too much drug that direct. Too much that horse meat, whatever you're eating in the family. Eat something good for you. Okay. Stop being so fat. All of that excess weight. Eventually, you know, that arm that's the precious thing. It took all those months to heal up again. That rotator cuff surgery, delicate thing. All the pressure from that fat. Not good. They're in addition to green onions. They don't make fun. They work very hard for this. All right. 1045 and 560 WQ and Donner forget these are numbers. These trends. We did great. Some of the other day, parts. They did okay. Not great. See one of the things that they don't understand. First of all, there's no promotion on this radio station. So it's a miracle that any of us ever get it up and the numbers, too. And number two is that some of the other day parts are like narrow casting. In other words, this so narrow in their approach. You know, like, yeah, every call basically sounds the same. A very young Florida gator team. And then you can hear those clicking sounds all over town. You know, as soon as you hear that, a very young Florida gator take who cares. You know, who gives a crap about a very young Florida gator team. I'll be depending on what they look like. Who cares? Thrall with you people. Boring the hell out of the audience. And what they say, seriously, people have been putting jail for lesser offenses than some of the boring calls they get on these portios in this radio station. Who you think the dolphins are going to dress a good running back this time? So anyway, we get back to last night. And of course, here we are. We're going to, if you want to tell me at any time during the season earlier that we would actually go through the entire hockey season. And you're still going to be able to see the goal I'd come on when it's score goal. I would have said to you, you're crazy. You're nuts. There's no way that any organization can be that in different to the fans. Now, maybe it seems like a small thing. It's not a small thing. But maybe it does to some of you people. Well, let me say this to me. It's, it's a symbol. It's emblematic and symptomatic of the fact that this organization doesn't give a crap about the fans. When, always say he believes in one thing, we owe him the show up. He brought us the hockey, he brought us the baseball and we owe him the show up. Even now with John Henry and charge of the baseball, we still owe it to Wayne the ballty for his ego. And by the way, speaking of Wayne's ego, stock market went up big time yesterday. Down 58 right now for down. Stock market went up almost 200 points yesterday. However, the good news is, we public industries went down a quarter of a point to 12 and 11 16. 12 and 11 16. Yeah. And packed some communications. She's not important in life that you succeed, but that those other assholes fail. That's what's important. Passing communications down an ace to eight and one 16. This is a stock that was like between 11 and 13. When some of us were working for Buddybud. Eight and one 16. Oh, yeah. Not to either one of those guys going to have any financial problems or miscellaneous, but nonetheless, it really is bad for their ego, which is what both of those assholes are all about. Wayne and Buddybud. Eagle, they're both full of crap and they both like expect everybody to come to their on their hands and knees. Here you go. Here's my money. Now give me some crap. And that's exactly what they've been doing in that macarina. Build a guy a brand new beautiful arena at taxpayer expense. And he puts him on your crap in there. Can't see the goddamn goal I'd come on and we're not supposed to be concerned about these things. We're just supposed to go there and buy all that over priced food and subsidize his organization and pretend we're having a great time. I'm going to tell you my good friend Mike Lang, the voice of the penguins sends over a by way of one of his friends from Pittsburgh, sending me over a copy of the March 19th edition of the Pittsburgh Post Gazette, which is got a big front page story about Mary Olamue and his attempts to put his group together to buy the penguins and save the franchise and keep them in Pittsburgh interesting stuff. And I thought to myself, thank God I got a news paper to read here not just in between periods but during the game because I have sold him in my life set to such kaka just unbelievable. Just garbage. That was swirl. That was really swirl. And like I said, if anybody thought there was any sense of decency, there would have been people standing outside people with a green jacket on from the organization standing outside the doors, not letting anybody leave. They would have said, let me see your ticket on the way out. And whatever the face value was of the ticket, even if you didn't buy it, I didn't pay for minus, but nonetheless, I wouldn't take it in the LSD 57 times, 2014 book. I'd have taken it. That would have paid for the groceries at publics and end some. That's what they should have done if they had any sense of fairness. There was nothing that went on their last night including the the bullcraft fistacuffs that that murdered charging anybody admission. Nothing. You could stand out on an average street corner at 9 o'clock at night in this town and see much more action and excitement. Then we saw an admaker in the last time. I mean that that was pathetic. And that was the first time most of the home performances this year have been pathetic. The eye-linder game last week, that was pathetic. That was embarrassing. It was humiliating. It was degrading. And that was before all the other injuries which was a convenient excuse. That was the full compliment of Stiff's. And why say Stiff's again, I leave up four or five of the guys which I've already mentioned. You know the ones that can play that mean anything. And the rest of the guys, Stiff's. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. You tell me what? Yeah, okay. How many words do you get out today? That's our full question. How many words is any from Hollywood? We're going to get out. You tell me what? The three and a half. Three and a half. Over's an under. That cap of the gutter for tonight. Three and a half words on a day show. As soon as I saw Hollywood up there, I knew it's that asshole Andy from Hollywood. Even asshole. Three and a half words. I'm getting a real fast. When I feel this good Andy, you haven't got a chance to complete even a half a sentence. Although I think 10 to 20 sounds good in your case. asshole. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, what? And what does that tell you by the way about the pants and pants? I go through 50 minutes of all of this. And the first call is that torque Andy from Hollywood. Yes sir. Well, have to watch in the the bottle of the macarine last night. Actually not there but on the dish. Yeah, I was wondering if thank god you didn't make the effort to go there. Oh, Christ, those are the fact anyway, I flip over to the Toronto St. Louis Canyon. Of course, the the Flyer again. The rain again. And I come back by the least last night by the way. Oh, I'm Sunday and Brian Barard score really in the third. We're down to nothing to make snow difference. They come away with a tie to get the point. I score on Cougar Great Saints late in the game in an overtime. Yeah, there were not too zip and I flipped over in Bang Bang and typing in the school. So it was over two minutes. Yeah, but I'm back in the flyer game. And then the over the flyer fan has come to have their parts just rip and half. I mean, my favorite. My good friend Ron from Philly. He was at the game last night. He comes to most of the pants against. He's a died in the world's flyer fan. Ron, I'm sorry. I hate to break the news to you. But just say yourself the grief because it's all over for you guys. They are pathetic. They are graduate. They're finished. What are the line? Losers. Huh? Go ahead. Go ahead. No, I'm saying is that the rain is just incredible. And the rain is. Oh, the rain is. Yeah, I mean, everybody's out the jar of the end. What did I have to do with the rain? We're in the tank before the rain is what does that mean? Well, all of all of these injuries started long after they had the 12 game winless streak. What does that have to do with the rain? Sure. You're right. It should be the back end goal of the year. I talked about that. That's why Chris Tamer that Hector all went. Oops. And, uh, I don't know. When in that? Hang it up, Ronny. Chamels for Chris. You got anything in replay as far as our heart attack guy over at Empire Sports Rick Rick Jenner ran. Please. I'll look at it on. Because. And Rick too. See, okay. Great to spend. There's the three greatest announcers in hockey. Let me say it again. Joe Bowlin, Rick Jenner, Mike Lang. I'll have to choose among the three of them. They're all great. Joe Bowlin's the best. Got to see great. Five six seven. The fact that he episode the least game. So maybe I'm a little bit prejudiced. He's still great. Five six seven oh five sixty. Pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless one. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Neil, are you doing great? Got a pig report for you. Yeah. Our board garden. Brow blue of our between university and 441 heading east. You got a guy sitting in the chair radar and with 20 motor flanks on the five of the road. God bless you sir. Thank you. I read it. And have a great life. Slow down. Look at this. We got to the where's all the Panther fans. Come on. I know we're not going to hear from them. They they they toss off balls. It guys that know nothing about it. I heard 8 million causes morning all of a sudden their pants are intensive. Pockens will round and round and circles. Stay on the same thing over and over and over again. You want to just make the play off. You might have win the family cup. I'd about over and over again. Fifteen million times. Boy, it takes me like 35 minutes to get to work. I heard the same thing. 72 hundred times. Four thousand times I heard it. 560, 560, 560, 560. The AT&T wireless line. Even Joe Costello said he said George on Friday had more calls and ten minutes than you've had the whole hour so far. Am I right? More calls in the first ten minutes. Right. I know that. Well, they're not intimidated by him. He's a little, uh, she's a little officer. Yeah. What is that with Sam Collins, George? She. What is that? I mean, if all the people to talk, I mean, you know, Sam, I know gets all the chicks, but he didn't. You watch him walk. Ever seen Sam walk? Oh, yeah. Talk about switches as he swathes or whatever that thing goes. Here's a mobile and cross spring, Silla. I know I don't know that. Okay. So I think maybe you're to blame for the Panthers getting shut out all the time. Wayne doesn't want to put up a light. So he gets a bunch of lousy players who can't put the bucket in the net. Then the light never has to go on. That's a good point. Yeah. The only problem is we don't go to school in the same net. Oh, both times. Ultra. I guess nobody cares about the other team. They could have a fires. Okay. Thank you. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T while the sun. See, that's the level of dialogue. You get in this time about the sport of hockey with this guy just saying, uh, amateur, sit down comedian. The one fun of the first funny thing I've ever heard on the morning show with the guy this morning, what Jeremy Shaff? That was that. I was signing him up. Get guilty off the show. Put Jeremy on there. You'll have a 10 year in a week. I'm serious. Get Jeremy Shaff on a goddamn morning show. They make believe Jeremy Shaff. They'll have a 20 year by the end of the month. Get that little BDS tourpofe there. Immediately if not sooner. God. I'm I'm still like, I'm gonna come in one day. I'm gonna start scouring around up here on the third floor and find who's got what pictures. There must be enough pictures on here to start a photo gallery. All over in the third floor. Here's Key West. Hello. Key West. Going once. Okay. How about a mobile in the Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. What's going on? How you doing, sir? I'm doing pretty good. Well, I'm a masochist Neil. And I went to see the Ranger game. You remember that one a couple weeks back? Yes, the two to one loss. Yeah. Yeah. And, um, you know, I had never been to a hockey game before and out of least with the Panthers. And I paid a whole bunch of money. I went to see the game. And I know that uh, that we had a lot of shots on on gold and and ricketer played, you know, pretty good and everything. But what I noticed in the whole game other than the fact that again, the game was pretty terminal was that it was really frustrating because even though they had a lot of shots on gold. Every time they had a really good opportunity to score. Yeah. The passes would go right by the sticks or the passes were just behind the players. And the only one time they had any kind of a good pass or player with oil with where he scored the golden the third period. I thought I was going to go through the whole game without seeing the Panthers score a goal. That would have been really horrible. Well, I've been shut out 10 times this year. If I'd 76 games, so you do the over the man. That's one full of every 7.6 games to get shut out. Well, and to make it even worse, the next time they played on TV, I was watching, no actually was on the radio. I was listening to the pre game show. And I heard Terry Murray say talk about that game. How he was so happy with the play. And he was so thrilled that they had played so hard. And so while I'm saying, what do you talk about this? Like crap. Man is a stiff. You want to be behind a bench. The Colorado game when his team is fooling out like an accordion in the third period and blows the five nothing leads. It doesn't even call it time on. You just stand there with his armist folded, watching Rome crumbled around him there. And just he actually impathed it. He actually just clueless. And I don't see this man doing anything that even resembles coaching to be honest with you. Other than the guy shows up late for practice, he sits him out like a kindergarten teacher. I don't see any of these two guys the Murray's must go. They must go. One last thing, which was really hilarious. I heard River the other day that were playing. I forget what steam it was. But with on TV. And I was stumped. The Peter Warrow gets into some fight with some guy. And he's in the penalty box. And this was hilarious. And they were trying to figure out Zimmer and the other guy was trying to figure out Remor, Zimmer. They were trying to figure out which is the number of the player of the opposite team that committed the infraction. And so in the middle of it, they have on the TV pictured Peter Warrow in the penalty box. And Remor says, I think it was number eight, right? But I heard on the TV, which cracked me up because I think it was an eight. Thanks for the help. Okay, thank you sir. Great. Okay. Trace that call. Trace that call to Spendis Sky 3 games. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the 18T Warrow's line 1057, a QAM. This is 560, QAM. Alright, I am not an athlete. Dear a ladies, I don't know if you would love to be. But I was the guy who's how you said I'm by a lads You. God, I miss you. Even though you look like hard, call all my hair off. I miss you. But one quick question is, do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this image? No one's got me for weeks, but I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my hard. But if you happen to see my mother, please let her know I'm not dead yet. Dear a ladies, I want to tell you that the guy who saw with your best friend that was me. He might have looked in talk just like me, contact surely purely coincidental. I was so weird near that place. I love you too much, too, look at anyone else. Dear a ladies, I had a dentist appointment that day and I was nowhere near that parent's metal slits. Oh hell, I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good and please all those man he said so all that money. And they come on, let me out of here. We have to come up. 11.03 or 560, WQA, and by the way, let's hear from all the people who went to the Marlins game yesterday who went because they hate Wayne. Seriously, that's what that's all about. In fact, there's even an article in here by Alan Snow. Remember Alan Snowland's son, Sunteml, who's kind of like the counterpart of very jackass. For months, they're the kept ready front page stories about Don Smiley. The deal is just about Don Smiley's buying the Marlins. And every time very jackass would write one, then the next the day Alan Snowland would write one, it would even more stupid than the Sun Sunteml. They were playing like grab ass with each other, I think. So Alan Snow right, it's a whole new ballgame defense. And he talks about a guy, a teal-faced Rick Mendez of Key Largo, five rows behind home played. And Brian Hunter of Jensen Beach. Well anyway, Mendez says the Henry era is a new Don. Mendez is a painting contract who carried a Wayne Spill sucks sign into the stadium. And of course, it wasn't confiscated. Nice going. It's like, I'm telling you one thing, it's the 7th and 3rds do when take me out to the ballgame or anything like that. What they ought to do is let everybody, what's the song that they play at the hockey games? And in the middle everybody yells out, duck sock, there's a bridge in there. And the song, I can't think what song it is. That's that, you know the song I'm talking about. It's like that college march, that's that, that's that, that's that. You know what I'm talking about? Okay, you do it here. Joe, I mean, stick with the racing thing. But anyway, that's what they ought to do is let everybody play that song, let everybody else Wayne still sucks, you know, it's 7th and 3rds. I'd go out there, I think. If we could all do that. And then just, I'm on a scoreboard, some object is pushed up there, and I don't know if that scoreboard does pictures. We'll find somebody to do it. We're just hang a big banner where him stuff from behind no place would like a look at a target over the face, you know. Wayne, don't suck. I guarantee we packed that place every game. The fact is, forget about the baseball game. Let's do that for three hours. They hate him. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neo, how you doing? Happy Wednesday to Tuesday. Whatever day it is sir. Happy a pay-saw. Exactly. The game last night was from February. And the worst part is that I was at home watching it. And these guys are still chilling for the Chris Wells', but he actually gave me a show for four Chris Wells. That kid is flueless. And he's a project. He's a project. And the game plot then said about about big black ironing Peter, he goes, because yeah, you know, in the miners, he scored a lot of goals. He's got great hands. A lot of like, who's got great hands? Yeah. It's like a joke. Actually watching on TV is, you know, you can pedal horsecraft to dumb people. Okay? That don't know any better. But even after a while, it starts smelling and tasting pretty lousy. And those people say, there's got to be some better than this. You know? Yeah. I must, although I will say this, they certainly have sold the Peter Welding, because those got to know about the people watching on TV. But they brought the crowd in that arena last night. Not only when he was in the fights, where they hysterical, but then they would show his picture on a big scoreboard, you know. But he was sitting in the penalty box. And again, oh, they're shit like, oh my god, the grilles is like the second coming of Jesus. Yeah, but the sun tan. Because they don't know hockey. They're just cornering on anything. They don't know anything. But really, is there? Is there an arena where the goalites you can't see depending on where you're sitting for 57 bucks a ticket? And they still on the only one, it still cares about it. Yep. I had a lot of good news. There'd be that many stupid people in one place. Just try down to Miami sometime. Yeah, you're right. All right, buddy. Take it easy. And have a great day. Yeah, just try to get out of the airport someday. You have six people lined up in front of you. Two of them lost their tickets. The other four don't have any money. Oh, no, three of them don't have any money. And the other one just got off the banana vote and wants it over. He gets his green card and food stamps. Yeah, how do you wind up in the airport when you just got off the banana vote? Well, they were in mysterious ways. They're pretty they know Joe Kubas. 560, 560, 560, Pond 560, and a mobile one line. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Yes, sir. And you've been talking about Miami like it's a third world country. Man, what should we off Miami boats in the national city? International city like what? You're like, oh, mighty girl. Yeah, I'm out of calmness. Okay, spiky back on the banana boat. Go back where you're came from and take part in Alex Fernandez's ass back with you. There's plenty to go for everybody. International city, my ass. Where's this guy ever been? International city. Where's he been to Ojas? That's his idea of being a world traveler. He's been maybe the date-browered line. And that's as far as they've let him go. Thank God. 567, 0560, Pond 560, on a mobile one line. Here's Boca, hello. Danielle. Yes, sir. Well, regarding what you're saying about getting out of the airport without people with the tickets. Yes, I'm about to floor the turnpike with that some past length. Yeah, we talked about that yesterday. Yeah, I'm believable. Now I haven't done the sunpasting yet. People are recommending they're semi all the info in the number to call. But the only problem is something. Why is it going to be any difference with the sunpast length? We got so many stupid people here that they're still going to be assholes going through there that don't have the sunpast. And then they have to stop and there's people lined up. They can't back out. And it's going to be the same thing. I moved down from Jersey 15 years ago and I thought, what a great state. You get on the turnpike, you get a ticket and you drive forever. And you pay when you get off. Yeah. And then they switch it around and put all the tolls along the way. I thought, what a stupid idea. And it's just, that way they went completely backwards. But with regarding the panthers. No, but they did that so that they could gouge the people that are like only going short distances in between and charge you a 75 cents or 50 cents for going like five miles. But I would have rather paid it at the off ramp. All right, if you're going to raise the rates, raise them at the ramps. You got to get off. You get off. You have to get off. Yeah, but you're never getting off since now. Anyhow, with the panthers, one thing that I've been going to be able to spread up, but we've been playing a lot of back up going. This is right. And that's, which made it even worse, that they're not scoring goals. We're not playing the ASCOT. They don't have people that can put the biscuit in the basket. That's the problem with this team. They got the Ray Whitney. And then they got the look at the stats and Edymira and Coslov and those guys, but they're those statistics for the other guys. They're very distorted because they get this enormous amount of ice time. And other than that, and Mark Perish, I've been there who else scores goals on his team. Whitney. No, but I mentioned him, but other than the most four people who can score goals. Nobody, like you said, about even having a good, pending team. You look at my Maple Leafs, where the highest score, and team in league, they've got nine legitimate goal scores on that team. Count them nine legitimate. They got five guys over 20 goals, which is more than anybody in league. They got the two guys going to line up with over 30 goals on the in Bears. And you can't have this one or two guys and expect them to carry the whole load. It doesn't work. 100% like the penguins, the penguins have had a good season. They're an exciting team. The younger and the strochka score far too high percentage of their goals. And a playoff of you stop either one of those guys, which isn't easy to do, but especially younger. But he stopped those guys. They're not going to score any goals. So just look what the Panthers did three years ago. We stopped them in the playoffs and same with Boston and Philadelphia. We stopped their top lines. And then they didn't have the backups. That's why I agree with teams like Dallas and Detroit have a lot of guys that can score. You've got to have some depth. You can't, you like I said, when there's only 18 forwards in defense, but in Dreshtro again, you can't have four or five of them or a total stiffs or even more than that. You can't you can't afford that. You don't think Chris Wells understands us help us. Have a great day. That's the sad part. He's not in the stand. That's what the embarrassing part. He was helping us more when he was sitting in the stands. Now that he's in uniform, now he's dangerous. 560560, Pomp 560, on a mobile one line. How come we're not hearing from all those Marlon fans, huh? And there are any Marlon interest in the study? No. I mean, they preempt us. Show them. By the way, Greg Reed comes in here. Nice job in the Transnale. Took his blood pressure with my blood pressure cuff 138 over 92 and I said, oh, for young guy like you Greg, not too bad. It's not. I mean 92 is not my idea of a real good bottom number and a blood. What is it? Just style of colors. Go. You know what I'm not. But that's not a good number. Get it down here man. Get it way down. To go any office, sit down, take a couple of volume relax. Talk to Steve Noodleberg. Gentlemen, please. All right, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than new Rogers. We used to be back in the good old days for the old part change and politicians they told us this sound was was alive. They even had free gray. There were things to do all night. It's rower than it is. There's like the old part walking dead. Oh, how are you, Alex? Oh, a broken wheels. Who just got off of those? I heard they'll Rogers ride. This is the day that's why I'm dying. Everyone who's watching things is bad. Or the ones who brought us home to pay for this. We were by our knees. Can you believe there was a sign? They had to feed those in hell and they'll try to work and I said, run, I must be accelerant at fail. When the rain did change, it's down. And door in the box, up down. Three pits fell over the plate. The big guy gets great. I heard the old Rogers ride. Oh, this is the day that's why I'm dying. What a great place to come to this. But self-serving has overroading without the power of the Rogers ride. What was your favorite part? I remember one day months ago I asked the question about Peter where we're at the big black iron and Peter what the attraction was and I kept pumping it and pushing it. There wasn't one response to it because there's two embarrassed to admit that did you just want to see a big black guy wearing our uniform? Beat the crap out of some smaller white guys in the other team. That's what turns these people on. I mean, they're not getting a hockey game for their money so that's what they want to see. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 out of mobile one line instead of while here's the stupid letter of the editor in a hero and a couple letters of letters of good one. The stupid letter is from Julius Wolfen Volca who says there's a lot of talking Congress to reduce taxes considering the state of the world. I suggest that the money be used to get a more powerful military. Edible, Julius. Let's build more bombs. Let's sublow each other up. Then we won't have to worry about the economy. Good point. But here's a good letter. See, I look for the good and the bad and the ugly and the in-between and the the cooperative letter I can find. Here's one from John Rushneck at Oakland Park who says to the writer who complied about John Grogan's column, servers issued up reward good work. Mr. Grogan is 100% correct. Absolutely correct, sir. My roommate is a server in a white tablecloth restaurant. I have seen him at work in my opinion. He's as good as they get and his work too. However, time and again, he sent him an almost rage-like state over cheap senior citizens. Oh, I have no regard for the fact that tipping is his livelihood. One evening, a couple that had the nerve to come back and ask for a dollar back because he had tipped too much. How do you like that? There's a soft Florida effin' way, baby. Some old, crushed the old farts came back. Asked for a dollar back because they figured it out on their little calculator, they left him too much. And I might add it says if you can't afford a tip of courting, you shouldn't go out and subject service to install stay home or better yet go to a fast food restaurant. Actually, the best solution to all is for restaurant owners to eliminate the early bird. This would solve 90% of the problem. Says John Rushneck at Oakland Park. Great letter John. Let's hear it for John Rushneck. Come on. He'll us to take the old farts and ship in the Wyoming. No, a big good place. Get him out of here. Old farts, banana boat people, bringing some living and breathing people who's speaking, which now we're talking. Who want to be a part of the program? That's what we want. Cross the old cheap farts. And then, of course, fitting right in the frogs come down because, oh, that's a lot of cheap people under it. That's a good place for us. Parlay would cheap skate, parlay would disgusting with your crappy Canadian currency. Take it back where you came from. Okay, take it back to where for back all they didn't watch you there either. Here's a boiting detail. I knew. Yes, sir. I just want to bring out one point. I agree with almost everything you say about the Panthers. Yeah. And there's one point that I never hear anybody mention. And that means radio papers and so forth. Panthers in their winning streak. The longest winning streak they had this year was two games. The game, the season is almost over. But that's only half the problem. That goes back to the last year. Also, that the longest victory had last year was also two consents. So, put two games two years together. And the longest win streak that this Ryan Murray's stable produce is two games in a row. That goes a lack of motivation. That shows a lack of talent. So, I want to help talent. No question. This is a team that is very short on talent. Let me say again, there are too many stiffs on this team to be a real contending team. I'm not talking about the Stanley Cup for quite an hour. I'm not going to be really competitive. They end day out against the better team. Right. I mean, two years in two games is the best they can do. That's the style. Yeah. And keep up the good work. I disagree with what Warwell. I think he's a little nasty. We need some messiness on a team. And I like that. And that thing nasty doesn't mean getting into stupid fights and getting a billion dollars. This team can afford the luxury of a grown on a team. The teams that can afford a luxury are teams that have a lot of talent. Like St. Louis can afford Tony Twist who plays very sparingly. They can afford to have him as the enforcer because they got a lot of scores on a team. They got a lot of skilled players on it. They got to have all the meat. They got to have a camel. They got all kinds of good players on that team. This team can't afford a spot on the roster for a gloom. We can't afford it. We got to I mean, what did the fight to accomplish last? I did it. They produce any score on the score board. Negative. No. Of course not. That's a good point. Really. All right, Neil. I just want to let you know that because I never heard that anywhere. That two games streak for four or two years. Pretty embarrassing. It's yours. They keep up the good work. Warwell is mediocre. That's a good work. We're looking for embarrassing. 560, 560, 560, 560, animal mobile one line. The one with the 18 question marks hung up just before I was going to get it. Here's Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. First of all, if you had a brother, who would you hire? Yeah. Who is the coach? Definitely. The captain's up there. Well, something if I had a brother and I got fired, they'd have to fire the brother to his way. I look at him. Why agree. By the fire, I have a brother. I hire him. Who would the panthers trade to get someone from another team? Need a higher? Well, he wants him. We a lot of them. They're well. We don't have that. He will still meet people who will take him. Believe me. Yep. And then you want to compare Pablo Burrie, which I think you've been doing. And I agree with all the things you're saying about the panthers do and I'm assuming to go up. I compare him to who. Game's a boy. You win. You say yoga scores all the goals. And oh, but he is that you can't compare the guy to yoga. Yoga does a lot more. And he's going to allow a lot longer than Pablo Burrie. Well, I didn't compare him. I said he's the most exciting player in the world. I didn't see his best player in the world. He's not a physical strong player like yoga. Yagra is much stronger and much bigger than Pablo Burrie. But in terms of sheer excitement for me for my money, Pablo Burrie is a more exciting player. One last thing. Yeah. Want to compare teams in organization. Dallas, though, is already two or three years ago. The worst team in the league. That had a blast two years. They've been the best. Yeah. We went from near the top with the family cup back down to the bottom of that team wasn't a good. That wasn't a great team. That's what we're going to do. I'm not for too much. Thank you, Cersei. This is the problem. There was nothing great about that team. There was great chemistry. Whatever you want to call it, they got hot for a couple of months period. We've never had a great team. We've never had a great coach. We've never had a great team. And like I said, as long as they help, the big black guy keeps coming out there and getting into the fights. And as long as they keep throwing a t-shirt up in the crowd, as long as they keep dropping those little pieces of paper from the little of blimp, everybody be screaming. They love it. They have a puck shuffle. Hey, there we go. Because it's a social event. It's not a sporting event. It's a social event. You know, what's wrong with you? What's wrong with paying $57 to go sit in a place where everybody's shmoosen and talking on their cell phone and wandering around in the lobby, kind of, angiously like, you know, I'm killing some good time. Five, six, you see that. They're out there in the lobby in the middle of the game. I got people that sit in front of me, which thank God the real offenders weren't there last night. They're the good people. The rest of the family, some of them were there and some not. But it's a, it's the most bizarre times like they just get up in a wanderer way and they're gone for a long period of time. And then they come back half an hour later. And you keep wondering, what are you doing here? I mean, you're going out to make an appearance. Are you here to show the fact that you're here to wait to those other people across the way who never seemed to wait back by the way? That's my favorite. Is people that are always waving, but there's nobody ever waving back. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, animal, mobile one line. Here's Miami, hello. Did you say Steve, little bird? Yes. Oh, I say, oh, oh, oh, oh. Thank you. I sent them it's exactly. We know about Steve Noberg. He's an asshole. The biggest that's with George told me, he said he's the worst. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. And listen, don't worry about the spots. He's got an talent. We don't care about those things. Are you guys worried about the spots? Oh, I thought they were talking to you about the spots. We don't care about spots. Now we don't care about those things here. Just to send them a bill, tell them give us your goddamn money. Okay? Give us the F and money and stop joking around. We got to pay Wayne and John Henry and everybody else that we don't pay and George is bonus or whatever that thing was. Oh, speaking of bonus, I better talk about those ratings. Those are the trends and the few minutes I'll get to it. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. 11, 26, six, QM. We got Hank Goldberg come up at two this afternoon. Hey, stupid. Hank will be on. Where's he going today at Schuillers? Then we got talk and baseball. All right, everybody. We have an at one baseball call here today. This crowd hates the Marlins because they don't like being preemptive for all those stupid Marlins games, which next Monday by the way, they're playing the match up there and the game is at 140, which means I think we get out of here at one ten. Oh, it's Monday. Even with all these high ratings, we got what does that tell you about our priorities? And then what do we got? We got the match and the Marlins, uh, sixty thirty pregame and that'll be on at a couple and after the game. Game number two of the series. Any interest in that? No. Twenty six, sir. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. You can play the basketball. Look, the 31 at 5.60. W2, the home of the Marlins. Any interest on this show? Yeah. Marlins. Did we get one call? They had 38,000 people or yesterday. Do we have anybody called here today? Was it the Marlins game yesterday? No. Anybody in that's it? They hate win like poison. That's why they went because they think there's a new beginning with John Henry. And they wish anybody else the best luck in our glad win has gone. No. Anybody? No. So, San the Sham who was talking about the Georgian how she's anti sports. Bring in the ESPN magazine with the Roger Clemens picture on a cover of a great article about Curtis Joseph and Eric. Who Joe? What is the goofy little dog on his shoulder? What is he playing great? He's made saves lately. I mean, he's been good all year, but lately he has made saves that even even the dominator wouldn't believe. I mean, saves that haven't been invented yet. Like the one he reached up on his back out of position, off to one side of the net. And that the I meant it in player puts the puck like right towards the middle of the net. And Kojo lifts up his leg and with a 12 escape kicks him out. Oh, I saved that even dominant cashics would pee all over himself to be able to make. So anyway, there's a nice article about Kojo in here. Which maybe I'll read to myself when it gets real boring about five minutes. I always have to have good reading material. You know, when you go into take a always have good reading material always, even on a plane. You know, sometimes people look at me. Yeah, you know, because however you're going to be in here, well, if you got to do the sit down number on a plane, if you're a guy. Of course, some guys have to do scored scores, sit down numbers no matter what they're doing, all depending. You take a magazine and a paper, something. Nor is your brain a little bit while you're wasting your time. Go to a hockey game like last night. Pittsburgh Post, because that, thank you, Mike Lang. Got something to read there while I'd boring crap was going on. See, and a problem with these people is they don't care enough to get angry about it. They don't care if the goal light comes on. They don't care if the team plays well. Hey, they saw a couple of fights there last night. They figured they got their money's worth. Man, so anyway speaking of Roger Clemens is on the cover this thing. And Joe got erect when he saw this way. So that Yankee cap on the front cover. He got emotional. So that's our poll question. He's got the bigger ass yesterday. We did sit for Nandas. Today it's Alex Fernandez or Roger LeBandas. Who's got the bigger income, that is the ass. 560, pon 560 on a mobile one line. You know this line too is going to be Andy again. Hollywood. No it's not Andy. Thank God. Hey Neil, hey down. Jesus Christ Almighty, every time I see Hollywood I get the spilties. I can't see something. Yes. Now, as far as television ratings go, where does baseball fall in the spot in line with the major sports? It's second or third. Second. Footballs far away the first baseball second. And then basketball and hockey on the bottom. I don't know anybody that listens to baseball on the radio though. You mean to tell me they're going to be the first of all. Most of the baseball games are also on television. What kind of ratings do and the only the only stations that give big numbers on radio for ball games are stations and markets like St. Louis K. and the Lex with their 50,000 watts or an LA or in New York where you've got enough people so that there are enough people who aren't new or TV or listening in a radio or a worker or wherever they might be. So that you know it amounts to a lot of people. But in this market, Marlins get the very weak numbers. Very weak. You want to buy some spots on the Marlins by the way? No. Oh, okay. Even if I could. Pete, real chief. Let me just see if I got destroyed. I'm no brain surgeon or anything. But they're going to take off the number one show. They're going to interrupt their number one show the day. You know, I'm baseball. They've already done it during the exhibition season in the month of March. I can't, you know, when the next day when the fall full winter book comes out in a month, we'll probably take a little bit of a hit in March because we've been interrupted about four times from our next edition baseball. And at least this is regular season baseball. If somebody might listen to, but I, but you know, I've been asking for an hour and a half is there one person in this audience who went to the Marlin game yesterday. Nobody. Nobody in the New Yorkers audience cares about baseball anymore if they ever did. Which I don't. I went home last night and since there was no real hockey of any significance last night. And after the hockey game, I saw Mark McWire. He just first time I was watching Milwaukee St. Louis. I saw the home run, which is kind of neat. You know, but I'm not going to be watching much baseball. I'd rather watch my hair turn gray and the mirror than right. And it might. Yeah, and it might be listening. You said it trends are out today too. I got him right here. Because you do me a favor. I'm going to ask you about another. I don't think like, man, like, this is the numbers. Maybe, and here I got all the numbers for all the stations. And I know what I'll make one up. I hate this guy to pieces and I want to see him suffer. Mr. Eagle. Oh, the he don't show up. This is humor me. He doesn't show up. He doesn't even show up. He doesn't show up. He doesn't show up. Best station does not show up. In other words, the old points. And the right day, sir. Mr. Eagle, I don't even know the call. The call letters of that station. The motivation station or the, I don't even know what there is. It's 1470. I haven't got any idea what the call letters are. That station. Mr. Eagle, he's, you know, parlady mediocre career. But at least he's making a living. He's not going to have a living. He's doing 72 lives pots an hour. And they can live in for himself. You got to know we got to eat. Probably got a lot of trade out school over there. Of course, if you want to eat, you better keep your rest. And now the studio. Because he'll eat all the goddamn food that's wrong. You ought to know that's the 560, 750, 550, p. 560 on the mobile one line. I, sometime between now and two o'clock, we've got to hear from somebody who was at the Marlon game yesterday. Well, we got somebody. Here's a mobile and boit and be. Chill out. Hello, deal. You worth a game? I was at that. All right. I got one. I was at this. No. He's in ticket holders since the first year. Right. This year, I modified to a 20 game pack. Good move. Yes. All right. One thing you can see in all fairness, at least the Marlon ticket prices. I see the average ticket prices like 12 and a half bucks, including all the seats. Very, very low. I mean, we've done on the total pull compared to all these other ripples. So you can go see a Marlon game for a very cheap, which is, I guess, what it's worth. Right. But how was it? It was exciting. It was beautiful weather. Which we were sitting in mental meds fans down by the bullpen. Oh, yeah. Little given take between the nuts in the Marlon fans. But you've got Peter Ruben there. He'd be the crap out of all that. That was part of the role as brother and wife. Part of the ambiance of the game. Yeah. Have the nuts fans sitting there with, with Marlon fans. So let me ask you since you were at the ballpark. Now in person, as Alex Fernandez is asked, his biggest looks on TV. Well, I was a little farther away. Yeah. He maintains that gives him the extra power. So he gets his 90 plus fastball. Right. If he gets to skinny, he loses his speed. Like Samson and the Harry, your chopper often becomes a win. So I cut down on Alex's ass. So that what he's sensitive about just because your rose called a fat spick or something. Draw that. I don't know. Maybe I call him. I think he likes being heavy because it helps him pitch better. Right. So just like remember Mickey Loach? Yes. You're an eventually tiger. Yes. He always said he named. And by the way, early win just died. Yes. I saw him pitch. He was dying in my mind. In 1954 Indians, what a pitch he's that. They had Bob Lemon and Mike Garcia earlier. And Bob Feller, what a year that was 54. The Yankees, Nendian. That was a tremendous year for baseball. Yes, it was. Yes, it was. Well, God bless us all. Fernandez, thank God for you calling. You're the one. Okay. We finally got one guy to went to the game. We're listening to the thing around your show. The rest of these people don't care about baseball. Come on. We'll hear from Samor. Got it. No. They're at the ball game. 5. 6. 7. They're going to get excited when they see those guys out there. Step up to the plates. Cracks. They're actually really emotional. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 7. what you're telling me? So all these spots that sound like we wrote a story over modulated like the one that had been in our supply. They're fine on the years. That what they're telling you were supposed to believe that. Maybe the audience can, in a sense, we don't have any calls on the board. Maybe the audience can tell us, okay? Since we have absolutely no calls on the board at the moment for some peculiar reason. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. I mean, that's one hell of a setup we got in here. That we can't hear the technical quality that we're hearing stuff in here that sounds real the story that Nike talked about it. And everybody got there must be going, what you talking about is you just making a stuff up? That's the Greg Reed way again. Here's the guy that comes in here. Congratulations on the offense. Rachel, I said, hey Greg, every month, every year, every book, always great. Month in and month out, your, I would be I see a little promotion, but we're still doing pretty damn good. How about giving us something to work with? And that's what he decided to take his blood pressure. And maybe that's what was a little bit high. I find that very hard to believe because listening in my car, I hear spots on this station. They're like, so I'm obligated. I've been so distorted like, you know, yeah, how you know that? Like that. And like I said, why make a big issue out of this? Just tell them we want the money. We don't care about they'll be in a nitpicker. Greg needs the money so we can play a payway and the John Henry who's a pile, Robin, steel, Robin, got piles. Who's a big hero today for one day anyway. They love you, John. They love you, of course. Don't take this personally, John Henry, but if anybody else would have been the new owner instead of weighing it, it'll love him too. It could have been, you know, I'm not a hair-mongering. They still would love him for a day because the hated wind so much. Worst in hair-mongering. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Well, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I'm a native Israeli and I'm a long time-listen. Yes? Yes, I am. You're not worth a dark, sorry. I'm not. Oh, sorry. I don't really like myself. You're like what? I also do. I was in a business event because they're a bad stereotype and they walk around with that heavy clothing and those silly old beard and those crazy old hats and they run around davening them with a towel and they land into filling and they make us all look like about just dough-nage hoop balls. And they never take a shower. That's right. They never bathe. How about a little right garden? A little left garden for the Haseo. Yes. Anyway, my point is, I'm going to take it off the fenders. Happy pace off, too, by the way, sir. Happy pace off, as much as I don't like to eat that cardboard names matcha. That's right, yeah. But the second I'm going to bring more of that. My name is Dr. Yeah, he's almost as said as the penta situation and the sporting floor that I in general as much as I love sports, but it is said, is what the hell is going on there and you will fly via a cuss of a wood, they've had the name is. You're going to TV, you opened a newspaper, you see those poor people. I want to help them. Or we just let the hell is going on there, no? It's called, at the cleansing by the media, it's called genocide by me. They're slaughtering people. They're driving them all out of their homes and it's the world of sick man. It's a crazy world. I mean, the sheep and what we hear is, I just heard that they have a group that's going on through a camera. There's a bunch going to Canada too. Canada, too. I hope they said that. We'll back that'll certain, most each and right. I mean, what I was trying to say all those U.S. livin' is that it's being a French and we get into those frogs. I mean, it is as said as the Holy Ghost, I hate to say it, but you also don't hear it. It's the same thing without the oven so far. They haven't built the oven yet, but they're probably working on it. It's the same thing. So what's the heat learning this, in this state? And by the way, I hate to break the news to you, but this prima-covid Russia is good buddies with a sadum over there in Iraq, which bushland him off the hook. And he's a, no, he's still inside him. All right. He got a $750,000 cash check. Our good new friend over there in Russia was waiting in the wings until the Elton grogues. And his guy is a good buddies with sadum, who's saying, how do you like that? I don't, my God. I just hope it's all right. It's a hopeless world, sir. Phil with religion and superstition and hatred and sickness in the God bless us. Are they going to send some, or through the West thing in Gaza? They're sending him all to Cuba. Or to Cuba? All to Cuba, and they're sending two, 20,000 to little Havana. So they don't feel like that. By the way, I have to take a minute. I also make them speak to you, but Slavian, by the way. No more this Julio Crap and little Havana. They're all going to have to start being Slavic. Oh, my God. They're going to have Slavios even coming with that goose. No, I'm a great listener. I have to take advantage and sell out to a great great friend of yours. Your head, sir. His name is Bryce Thedam. He's the master behind the Blue Moon Fish Company. And he's a great great friend of yours. And I have to take advantage of this. And I'll go left you and then I'll help you. I'll pay some. And Saga Zone. We have an open line in day to somewhere. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 50, 60, on a mobile one line. So what do we ever find out? We ever find out through your real story? Friedman says it was on the air, but just very low. And several other colors. A great. It was not a terrible quality. Correct. So we're not just a CEO people and production back there. You didn't give us a song to that. So all you want. The fact is, how the proof of the pudding, if you heard that, which is not in the very moment, I don't think the D.F. had a couple of spots they didn't. When they put them in the audio vault, they left the pot open so that it like a fed back. And it sounded like D.F. I was talking to you with tin can. You know the ones I'm talking about? I know the ones. Oh, well, we just made that up. You guys in production back there. What is wrong with you, okay? Plain a little bit too much grab ass back there. I know production. Like I said, keep the PG out of there. There is too much grab ass going on. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. So you can't hear the spot from the interview. Yeah. Good. Good boy. Okay, thank you. Good boy. Here's the derail. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. Hello, let me go. Oh, this guy sounds just like D.F. Oh, there's a no spot. Hey, you were right about the commercial that was about 10 levels too low. Yeah, that's the poor. And that's my great friends, my garden jaco, but it would be an italian coast. I'm not going to sit here. I'm like a dummy. Let that thing go on a year. While Joe's out taking an illegal little spot break. And actually two cans with a string would have found better. Better than that. Even Markoni would have been better. I got to make two observations that I want to know. Well, I had your make audio like. First of all, a couple of years ago, I ever wanted to go and strike with the baseball strike with the money. I promised myself no more baseball. Right. And I would hope that most of the people would also remember it. But people are very stupid. How about these dummies that go out there no matter what they're dangling. No matter. It doesn't matter. It makes me sick to my stomach all these ridiculous salaries. And here's Kevin Brown getting 70 billion dollars a year. And he gets blasted in the start yesterday, which I love. I hope he never wins another game as long as he lives that obnoxious whore is all he is. And I hate to break the news to Joe in there. But rob your clemence that fat ass. I hope the same thing for him. I hope he breaks his arm. You know, the next time he throws a ball. And the only, I hope he does a mic throw out. I love his name. Dave, you're a veki. The only conclusion I come up with is people are so devoid in the slice of things to pay. And anything at all that they must go to sport units to recruit any sort of a life that they don't have. That's right. Because I don't understand any really what people would keep going. And the tragic part of it is here to show you how many no-life people we got is that most of these people are really into it in the first place. It's like the hockey games. I keep asking over and over again. What are these people doing there? I'm a human is hockey fan as you know. And yet I have to force myself to go because I know like last night it's going to be so boring. And I'm just waiting for the moment that it gets to the lopsided enough I can leave. Knowing the outcome is going to be. I mean, why are they there? What are they doing there? Well, the analogy that you made was this an inferior product. Why pay the price? I don't understand. Fifty seven dollars to sit and watch that agony last night. Fifty seven bucks in the lower bowl to watch your product that is so bad that they shot them. I'm serious they should have been begging us to take refunds on a way out. They should have been cleaning with us here. Please take the money back. We feel guilty about soaking you for this crap that we just put on here. And not serious. That's how bad it was. It was the most coma inducing swill you could ever imagine your life. No, I respect the panther players themselves should have been standing outside the door. They should have left early especially some of the guys that get in my as well. Just to not get afraid. They should have been outside the guys that weren't in uniform. I was like handing out refunds and cash saying we're sorry. We hope this doesn't have an again. Yep. And number two observation. I'm a spick. Yeah. I hate Miami. This place has declined ever. So I just so much you have to. You to live in candle. I I saw your creeping ever. So you know ever slowly I know what it was. North North North. You got an outpines up to my eyes. I can do this. Right. I'm going to do you better. I'm adding here. I've been a couple of months. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Most of the smarts in the land. I like that. You know, we're very late. Some 10. Yeah. Hey, let's bring about half a million. You wish. You can follow me. I'm putting them in a little. All right. All right. I'm coming. Okay. I'm coming. Okay. I'm coming. I'm coming. Okay. I'm coming. Okay. I'm going to ask in this since that first exhibition game that we had that preempted this guy damn show. 12 30 in the middle of the day, we got to get out of here to make way for exhibition baseball. Shame on Greg Reed. You can have a great radio station here instead of these marginal numbers in morning and afternoon. I've got a great radio station. Instead, well, he got his got like, you know, marginal numbers on there because he's obsessed with his saying this 20 hours a day. The same. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, a great young Florida gator team. Oh, my god. Don't even say it. Don't even go there as they say. And I wish they'd stop saying that. Don't even go there. The thing, Khalil Bohnk, you win 70 games this year, Ed. Yes. Huh, you think Alex is going to get a better ass before the scenes out? Yes. I mean, there's nothing wrong with having a big fat ass, but don't tell me you're an athlete, okay? I'll guess pictures and baseball. I'm not sure about yeah, catchers too. Catchers have to have a big ass. I'm talking about baseball catchers. Don't get excited. Seriously, don't catchers have to have a big ass. It's like a hunch down like that. You can have a skinny ass catcher. That was wrong with Veneto. And we're Veneto with a $3 million a year. They paid him that they're four million. I think. Wasn't it? Yeah, four million here for that piece of crap. Oh, he won't block the plate because he don't want to get hurt. Well, what do they pay him four million? What is it? What's the catcher supposed to do? When the guy's coming in and trying to score out a fly ball. Not blocked up, play you asshole. You piece of crap. Veneto don't ever come back and darken our neighborhood again. Okay, what you're skinny ass. You see a catcher with a skinny ass. You know your team is going to be crap. Absolute positive. That's right. Give you a catcher with a fat ass like you'll be burrow. There's a catcher like Johnny Bench. He had a fat ass. Right, right, Campanella. He had a fat ass. Catchers got to have a fat ass to crouch down there. I'll attend to the catch. Who's got the fat ass? Pudge, fish, you say have a fat ass. But the Pudge Rodriguez, you talk about a fat ass. In fact, that's our pull question for the week. Who's got a bigger ass? Pudge Rodriguez, your Alex Fernette is not that an ass contest. That's an ass off right there. Give her a seat. Pudge Rodriguez. He's actually not a bad looking guy. It looks like from the outer space. He's kind of a strange. He's not, you know, he's okay. But man from the chin down this guy just gets bigger and I don't mean there. I don't know. But he's got a body in an ass that are just astronomical. They're astronomical. In fact, he plays in Texas. He's on a wrong team. You ought to be instead of with them. He ought to be with the Houston Astros is where he ought to be. Because he is astronomical. That's what we're talking about today. Applates with big asses folks, rectums. That's right. Why I have no idea. Well, because Alex Fernette has started by being, why we how can you be so thin skin, huh? He ought to be on the most morning guys. We desperately, if you see these numbers, you know, they need him. I mean, you know, John Bols is a nice guy. He's very boring. John Henry is a very nice guy. I'm told, but also incredibly boring. He's enthusiastic about the team. He's trying to do the right thing. And you notice all this, I just want to mention this before I forget all of a hype and all the hoopla about opening day yesterday and a one to game 62 and over 38,000 people all those, there are a lot of empty seats, but they don't want to talk about all of this is geared to one thing. You do understand this. Don't you see the 40 million articles in the hero and all of this enthusiasm put on the stick and it's geared toward a new stadium. That's right. I hate to send a said that. What are you laughing about? That's all geared towards to softening new suckers up to the fact that there will be a new state and I predict there will be a new state, even if he wanted to not at public expense. Everyone John Henry said he wanted to buy the team and if nobody would build a state and he'd build it himself, does anybody believe that? Is he going to put up the money? No. Thank you, and him, my name is Lee, my name is Lee, my name is David. He'll Rogers that. He's the RECSI. I'm going to take up my dudes. Good point. I'm going to take up my dudes. Good point, dress. It makes me wet when I see you get a bigger red son. Big four, my mouth. I want to murder Mary and on top of you and take it up my lubricated boots to RECSI. Get me an air-preg time. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. I'll kill the wall. He RECSI. I'll win. Okay. I want to drink your ball. I want to laugh this while we ask you when you do your OOC. And then I'll give it a ball. Forks worth. Forks worth. And then take it. At least until you take up his ball. I'll grab on it around. You're hoping to. And make your wonder where it's flowing through. Okay. That's some in red blood. Oh, and your son's circle's fire. He RECSI. I'll win. Four. I want to drink our ball. He RECSI. I'll win. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. This is happening on the channel expectation. I never. This is happening. Our program is published. The question's from the first time a fan had a party. It was probably published. A long talk through a chat. I'm happy for the ball gain. Never submit because you can see what a gigantic baseball crown I mean, I think that if a guy's making you know, $78 million a year, that ought to be enough. You know, if buddy Bud would have paid me $7 or $8 million, I wouldn't have left IOD. I would have stayed there. Don't talk to him about it. You have to have a certain amount of loyalty. You have to stick around more than five minutes. The these guys are like rent the yant of guys. That's all there. They're just rent themselves up for a little while. And the name move on. That's called a whore. You know, we like to motels where you're right out for 20 minutes or half an hour. That's what these guys are like. They're paid whores, including that Roger Clemens, who tells him in Toronto. Oh, I want to be traded and then when he didn't want to trade him, they couldn't make the deal because nobody wanted to pay the price. Oh, I guess I'll stay here. And it said, no thanks, Roger. Goodbye. We'll bring in another fat guy to replace you. Okay, who lead up all the same amount of food up here? David Wells. That's our poll question. Who's better? Roger Clemens your David Wells. That was a real. That was a QAM kind of a trade. Fat. In fact, let's start trading salespeople. We'll trade Jeff high. Huh? One of their fat salespeople. Maybe that's the deal. There's new fat guy that started this morning with a mustache that was taken away from the other. I mean, the same time. We do have a divider there in the other. Thank God. Oh, and by the way, one of our guys left his can of a lifestyle on the counter. Hey, stupid. One, you know, they want to make sure they spray before they sit down in there. Now that I'm over here. Here's a homestead. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was at the game yesterday. Alright, here's number two. And how was it to be honest with you? I enjoyed it because they beat the tar out of New York team. Yeah. And among other things, but it's nice to be out there. But unlike you, it's only April. It's not we don't have a mosquito yet. We don't have it's not hot and humid. It's not 100 in the shade yet. Oh, exactly. No, I haven't done it 20 rain delays yet. But we do have similarities. Yeah. We both are backing teams that are going anywhere. Right. I mean, you know, the panthers are going anywhere. And there's also a little support. They're going somewhere very soon. It's called home. Yeah, really. You still support them. Right. So, you know, I've lived down here all my life and I didn't know hockey because we didn't have hockey. Actually, we still don't have hockey, but that's beside me. No, we don't. You're right. That's a good point. I like someday we might get a real team. But we did have baseball. And unfortunately, whether I like it or not, that is what I follow because of the fact that that's all I had. So, I don't know, but the fact that they stand you in the back and they tore your heart out of your inner energy and that they, you know, that they dismantled the whole team. And now all of this other posturing is just to try to get us to build on this stadium. Oh, no. Absolutely. No, that at all. It tore me up as a matter of fact. I was a little bit older. And then when they went on strike from that point on, I wasn't. I go to select the games because I think you are aware of the fact that all of this window dressing that's going on right now is only for the purpose of trying to get a lot of good PR going so that they will build a new stadium. You do realize that. Oh, yeah. No. Absolutely. No doubt about it. Right. You know, the worst part is they will get it. Of course they will get it. But the fact that the worst part of the net is that they will build a downtown like right now they're by Mickey Eris and American Airlines Arena, which is where it doesn't belong. Where nobody wants to go and don't confuse them with the facts. No, I agree. But the thing that I was saying is that baseball, you know, I enjoy to yesterday because at least at least I don't know about the panthers because I really haven't gone to see their games. I don't know how much I'm talking about. At least yesterday and it appeared now. I'm not sure if it's going to last long. I mean, honestly, they really seem like they were trying. These kids were out there trying their darn us. But the thing that will go on me is the sales stuff that Wayne used to do about what we're going to keep them around this with the future and then as soon as they get up for arbitration. All right. As soon as they're good enough that they can demand a real salary there. But you again, you see, you understand it won't be any different with John Henry because the economics of it dictate that unless you get that new stadium. I think it's a new stadium. Then they have more seats. They have the sky box. All of these things that go along with these new arena's new stadiums, which of course is like a nightmare because it just never ends. They never have a big enough arena. They never have a big enough stadium because the salaries keep going up and up and up and up and up and up and up and up and up and up and up. It's like sooner or later, they have to come up point where somebody says, no, we just can't afford to we aren't willing to pay anymore. Well, baseball is coming to a fall. I'm not sure if it's the salary. The salaries that were in the off season, the these guys signed for Kevin Brown and Schwolevon and all these other guys, the kind of multi-million, 14 million in Mike Piazza. So, I think it's a pretty ridiculous, it's a slap in the face to anybody that's the thing that to pay somebody for a round playing a ball game. They're getting $15 million a year. Exactly, but at this point, you know, even mediocre players and I'll get in $56 million a year. What you're saying is probably true. What is the thing? Alright, let's not say that. Probably what you're saying is true. And I understand that and I'm sure it's going to happen. But when it does, I'll do the same thing again. I'll just say, okay, I'm not here. But I'm going to get the guy at Trance. I don't think you're right. But I'm going to give him a chance to see what happens. And hopefully, we, you know, things will change in baseball in general, so that the American past time. But you know, pretty soon, pretty soon, cities are going to run on a real estate. You know, I'm saying, you know, you know, you build so many stadiums until many arenas. And then there's going to be one on every street corner. And at that point, we'll have to say, okay, let's tear him down and build a school or something. Alright, but the last thing in closing, any time they can be to New York team, I'm thrilled. Thank you. Alright, well, I'll go along with that. I mean, you know how far the flyers have fallen when they get beat by New York by the Rangers flag. I mean, one good thing about New York team is man. The Rangers, the islanders, either ones making a playoff. Both suck big time. It's big enough payrolls, by the way. The Rangers have got that big fat disgusting payroll. Oh, they're not going anywhere. They stink. They suck. They join out and I love it. Speaking of a dead man behind a bench. Ever watched that John Muckler used to be with the Sabers. Now he's the coach at New York. Ever see him? Well, the white hair and the glances. You've ever seen John Schmuckler. Joe, you got to get out of the house more often, you know? Another dead man is somebody that like Terry Murray, our guy, I stand with Roger Nealson, you know? Somebody poke Roger in the shoulder, wake him up. Okay, come on, wake him up. There's a game going on, Roger. I would say there's a good game going on. I wonder if Roger was a wake when hextile at that one and from set a rise last night. You've got to see that before they put you in a box. You must see the roller-christain risk court just a week looping backhand from set a rise. I mean, a five year old, you have a little kid that they put out there between Terry and Terry, our games. One of those little two-foot kids could have stopped it and I saw a restart when it was. Oh, yeah, oops. Here's a fashion in the third. Do you know, on any, my opposite, so those black history must get off my jack perkins. Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the black culture of today. And turn more of it. Mom's mainly slapy white, any Anderson, Moscow Lee Brown, Chelsea Brown, Rodney Island Rippin, Eugene Robinson, Kim Moore, Mo Fly, Shirley Hampton, not that coder, Lawrence, Milton, Jakeham, Melbourne, Melbethel, Lowanda Fage, Sam Bowel, Jackie Mollfussel, Farina, Buckwheat, Stephen Fagget, Erkel, Irvis Dean, Wayley, God-free Cambridge, Whitman Mayo, butterfly McQueen, Johnny Brown, it made Markham, Lily Tyler, Dan Lester, Paul this month on P.N.B. I think it's about 15 to 550 WQM headgober from Schuels into a clock. We got Marlins baseball in my 630 pregame, any interest. So anyway, here's, I gotta, we'll make up with the wrestlers out there. Okay, because they're very sensitive and uptight, if I can say that, about all these things that we've been saying. So here's an article about a wrestling team in Dairy and Connecticut, their high school wrestling team. And about a young man whose name is Jay Hoffman, who's out of the closet. He's a fag and proud of it. And it's just story about his trials and tribulations on the wrestling team and these things that are said. But anyway, here's a couple interesting pair of wrestlers that I thought would, like, kind of, amend our fences with the wrestlers out there. That don't want to be lumped in there. It's just like most locker rooms Dairy-ans was filled with homo erotic behavior. You could do anything you wanted and play off as a joke, Jay says. One day he felt something warm on his arm, looking down, he saw the captain's penis. I was like, dude, he says. Yeah, Jay stressed wrestling is not a homo erotic sport. People who say it is if never wrestled, he says, when you're on the mat, you don't have time to think about that. I go out to win the same as anyone who's serious about any sport he says. He adds that although wrestlers might publicly make comments, who assure people they are straight, deep down their less homophobic than other athletes. It's such a close context sport he says, someone who was really homophobic wouldn't wrestle, he'd be too afraid to touch it on the guy. There you go, saw you like that. Did we straighten that out? No. So to speak, he looked on his shoulder, it felt something warm on his shoulder, something clammyed warm and it was a... Okay, here's Key West, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Key West here. A lot of that goes on in Key West, yes. Yeah, it's pretty scary down here. Anyway, I want to talk to you about the commercial. That's like I called in about 20 minutes ago. Yes, sir. They sounded like hell on this, and I don't know if you're perfect. Part of it is the same stuff that does the stuff you go into boot there, but obviously there's some different equality. Don't you hear a lot of these spots that sound sort of stored it and so over-modulated that you can barely even stand it? Well, first of all, I got a park about 20 miles from the highway down here to even hear your show every morning. Right. But the stuff that we do here, the stuff that's here boot is beautiful, especially the monica thing. I mean, it's beautiful. Right. But the stuff that comes out of your production department, so that she just can't hear at all. And back to the baseball thing. We used to make the pilgrimage up there during the first couple of years of the marlins, and we take 25, 30 people up there at the right time. And then after the strike, we can't get any interest. I can't get any interest. Good. So I'm not going to get, I wasn't going to get Wayne any money. Yeah, I'm sticking to all these, you know, they stick in the, they stick you right in the post. They twist it around and you know, in your heart. And then they expect you just forget about it and come back. And now they want 10 times as much money as they were making before. I say screw them, okay. I mean, $1 to year. I get tickets for free. All my tickets, great seats. I wouldn't go if they paid me by the inning. Oh, of course not. Um, a million dollars a year per professional athlete is more than enough. Okay, save some money guys. Don't run about to be 15 years. Yeah, why can't we keep the salary cap, not just for the teams, but for individuals. You know, I, you know, maybe the superstars, five million, okay, five million years. All hell of a lot of money. There's a lot of people won't make that in their lifetime. That's five million here. That's the cap for the individual. And then guys that are really good, maybe get a million. And then the minimum salary can be like, you know, a couple hundred thousand, whatever it is. And then everybody else makes it in between who can't live on that kind of money. And who in this audience wouldn't be happy to work for four or five, six hundred thousand a year. Hey, look, what are you looking for five million dollars a year? Huh? What are you eating for five million dollars a year? Yeah, I mean, what are you eating? Yeah, I mean, what are you eating? I think I want to strike that are making 17, 18 million. And at the, the, the missing link, their Patrick Ewing, he opens up his mouth. Oh, we got to, we got to put some bread on the table for our first. He's making $18 million a year. He's having to put some bread on the found table for his family, huh? What the hell kind of bread is that? And bread. I don't understand. I don't understand. I'm talking to my thousand dollar bills. Maybe that's what the bread he's putting on. That's pretty talking about right there. I think he wrote a stack stuff on the table as a track. You know, it's unfortunately can only afford a monster rotting every other color, you know. Right. That's right. Well, you all have a beautiful day. And I've enjoyed it. And watch your backside. Yeah, yeah, most definitely. Okay, see, right, isn't key-wise, you know. By the way, we're going to be talking to Marlott Bear backing. Five. What? That's a dangerous new activity that a lot of people are involved in out there. It's called having unprotected sex by people who have a death wish in our morons. We're going to be talking about horse bear backing. Five six seven, five six, the upon five six, the on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, I did not go to any Marlott Williams games last year, mainly because of horse Can taste. Oh, give him. Right. Well, not give him a penny. Good. If they grow the stadium, I was confess I did buy an extra diet soda, the hockey And last night, and I must go to church and confess on that. Did it have a lid on it? Yeah, it actually gave me an extra lid. Okay. And if they do build a stadium down in Miami, I will definitely not be going. I will not drive 50 miles. Are you going to P.P. Park now? Are you going back? Are you going to be going in time to foresee the world? Will it probably go to water two games just for a social type type thing? That's good. But no, I won't go down to Miami. He's screw that. I'm about I'm talking about where they are now. P.P. Park. Haven't gone in a while, but yeah, I go occasionally. But I mean, only once or twice a year. Yeah. In other words, if they build a new stadium in Miami, you will not come. No, definitely not. But definitely not. Excellent. And the other thing is, I mean, the logical place for the new stadium is right right up either by Joe Robby Stadium there, right alongside there's all that land that the Morton brothers used to have that lake was certain thing or up by the arena by the Mac Arena would be great. I would also like to see him tear down all that slum down off a brow or if they could do it. I mean, if they could afford to buy all the property and turn on something nice downtown for Lara, that'd be a nice town. I don't know that. No more stadiums downtown. This isn't, I mean, they hear talk about Cleveland. This isn't Cleveland, okay? Nobody wants to go in. It's too hard to, you know what I'm saying? It's just too inaccessible. Nobody wants to go over there. You can't go there from anywhere. The back way, you got that's a good place. Yeah. The main reason I call this that San Enzo reporting is 20,000 coasts of heights or whatever are going to be sent to a with animal bay queue up. Right. These people don't even know what humidity is. I mean, if you look at the pictures there, there's they're snow falling on their shoulders. Yeah. And they're going to send them to 90 degree. 100% humidity. Here's the humidity. I guarantee that I don't see too many mosquitoes over there. You were slavia. No. No. I'm not going to say to the ones they're going to see down there. I mean, they're going to see, they're going to see mosquitoes, the size of Slovakia, whatever that stuff is they eat. I mean, they've got that, all those bases over in like in Germany and then places like that were the weather which, you know, I mean, talk about how about North Dakota would be good. Yeah. But I don't know. It's just, to me, it's just the half line of things that you put people there. I mean, I mean, I mean, it's up for the stuff and that's it there. And, you know, being 90 degrees, you mean, you know, because I think I'll stay in New York a little bit. Like maybe the TV would be good. Maybe the, uh, macaroni, they got a lot of anti-sheet. Maybe they're coming to the songwass you never know. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Speaking of the code is, uh, I thought maybe that's what put that in my mind. South Dakota. Hello. There's somebody on here that supposedly is coming from South Dakota, but about they're not on there anymore because they waited 12 minutes. I'm there dying. Yeah. They're gone. See, this thing is not disconnecting now. This is the same thing we had in the beginning. The first month on this radio station 15 months ago. And this great phone system in here. She's Greg instead of telling me about hey, nice going on the trend. Take care of business. Do something. Take care of business. Get the phone thing working in here. Okay. So that we can like, I mean, it doesn't even cost you any money to do that. The bell's on. They got to do this for nothing. Okay. They got to get this thing working right. Won't cost you a dime to do it. I mean, promotion. I wouldn't even mention that because that would cost you money. And God forbid you should do that. In fact, 140 grand. You flush down the toilet last year on those horrible TV spots because we threatened to take you to court if he didn't run some promotion. 140 grand. Just give me the cash. I'll split up. I'll give George Park, Joe part, and then somebody underlings out there in a hallway. We'll show a few bucks. They're away. They could pay two bucks an hour. That's not better. Very Joe's all for it. Let's take a vote. Oh, unanimous. Just bring 140,000 cash small bills. Put it on the counter right now. And we'll split it up. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. Wireless line. Some really devastating panther talk here today. Oh, wow. What a town is his manual. Listen to these calls on the other shows. Then I come in here and I, you know, I know what I'm talking about. And that's why they won't call me. They will not 99% of them will not call me because they know that no matter what they say about hockey, they don't their ass from their elbow. That is true. And the ones that do know about it, they're from out of town. Talk to some of my Maple Leaf fans. They know what it's all about. Because they, you know, they've been to a gamer to in their lives. It's it means something. Not just a social occasion when you go to the air, Canada center, which some of us will be going there for the Panther release game this Saturday. We're in our Maple Leaf jackets and going, go leave, go. Real loud like that. To see a real bunch of people, real bunch of sports fans who aren't just there to smooth and suck around. That'll be great. I mean, the outside of that thing I've been by as in in time here. Canada center have been inside you. Beautiful. 177 million to build not one penny of public funds built entirely with private funds. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile and Del Ray Beach, yellow. Any deal. Yes sir. I was at the Panther game last night. I'm sorry. It is depressing as it was. I found a good deal there. You know. The hamburger is $4.25. I have to guide you. You're giving away cheese for free. Yeah. I hear Wayne gives away a lot of free cheese. You know, I can hear room in 20 seconds or less. It was depressing last night. Yeah. I was there for the screen. I wasn't that one of the most pathetic things you've ever seen in your life. I've never gone to a hockey game and felt worse when I left. That way. I felt great when I left because there was still ten minutes left. No, they're pure. I thought, oh, thank you. That's your gay gonchard. I scored that other goals. So now we know that the outcome is decided. And we can get out of here and go to publics and get some cramp. Yeah. I left early too, which I never do. Yeah. And I don't know. I was watching the skate around in Garpernloven, where we're all. We're the last guys on the ice and they were shooting the pucks at the empty net. And missing. Yeah. And missing. I couldn't believe it. So I just got out of there. You know. I said, I'm glad to have a good time. 560 pound, 560 on the AT and T wireless line. Biggest ass in America sports asses we're talking to. They put you right. I think he wins hand. Asked down. Cheeks down. Huh? Oh, Alex Fernandez got a big ass. But he's not in the same category with the Ivn Rodriguez from the Texas Rangers. Man. That kid. He's got a just a jag. And it's got nothing to do with sex. I mean, you got two eyes. You see, guy with those tight pants on. It's supposed to be an athlete. And he's got this big enormous ass sticking out. You know, who else used to have a big ass was. What was his name? The bull. The Cecil fielder had a big. Cecil fielder had a enormous ass. Cecil fielder. He's his arm was like a ham hawk. I mean, this man was just humongous. What was his name? Was it Jose Cruz that had the big ass? No. Orlando, Sopita. Wasn't he the bull? See, this goes back so many years now. Forgetting that goes to show. I'm getting old. I was big into baseball. You remember Orlando, Sopita, way before your time? He had a monster say. And he wasn't that big of a guy. He was just like an ordinary guy. Who just happened to have a humongous. Well, he was Hispanic. They have big asses. They're into big ass. They work on big ass. Well, they really do. They have special things to do to make their. Yeah. What's just happening there? Well, you know what happened? How did I do that? Well, we're having a technical day here today. But I wouldn't wish I could. You know, being a homosexual in today's society isn't easy. And the first sign of HIV in today's homosexual male is a severe pounding in the ass. That's why the people at Glutius Pharmaceuticals bring you a brand new product that stops at severe pounding before it starts. Aspirin. Aspirin is not toxic and available without a prescription. Simply place one aspirin between your needs at that time. Sleep on your back and you'll wake up feeling refreshed and able to walk. Aspirin. The first of its kind of available over the counter. Try aspirin today. And prepare to pay for the mix or self-adural facility. Aspirin. Okay. 1231 and 560 were asintentative. And of course, who doesn't like a little ass or in some cases? A lot of ass. Like, now, what were the names Greg was in? He's somebody called and he was also the bull, by the way. He had a big ass. Not like the guys were talking about. These, I mean, set your right. Tessel field around would say wins. Asked down. Cheeks down. He's just a monster's in. He didn't get, he got cut by the brawlers or whatever else. Did anybody pick him up? Of course, you have to get a Mac truck to do that. You have to get a crane to pick him up. Sessel. There's a real athlete for you. A little fielder. 560, 505, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Asked intensive, but Tuesday here. I'm going to get to these numbers by the way. Just a couple minutes when I brought you to round it. Well, I want to say the exciting part for last. Here's sunrise. Hello. I need a hand. I'd like to talk to you about first-knowledge dresses, the marlins and baseball. I'm going to the game tonight because I got tickets from the van last week. Thanks, too. You got three tickets from us. Great, excellent. And I will be going again tomorrow night. And by the way, I give my tickets away for yesterday's opening game. Did anybody call today and say, thank you. We had a great time or a bad time. No. Not yet. I just mentioned that in passing. And I will be going again tomorrow night. A friend from mine of mine from other town is coming in. Right. And we're going to go together. I am a met fan, by the way. I'm going to ask you that. You're sending. I don't know how I knew that, but I also had this feeling. I've got to be foreign to that. Right. I don't care what this is about. Look, you're a fan of whoever you're a fan of. I have several times I've apologized for jumping on that bad wagon years ago. Oh, when you come down here, you've got to go with it. When you, if you've been a fan of something for like me with a maple leaf, a hundred years, you're not going to change your religion just because you moved someplace else. That means you're a fair weather fan. Right. You're a feel like who you like. In my wife, who is never a baseball fan until the marlins started up, there's a marlins fan. And she's going tonight. So I know it will be a rivalry between the two of us. The thing I wanted to talk about that you discussed yesterday was the Acton's diet. And I'm a proponent. I've been on it. Four years ago or so, I had surgery, five-guess surgery, and I had to lose a lot of weight. And I lost 50 pounds. And the thing about the Acton said, I've noticed people that are on it. And I do know one gentleman who's on it and uses it as a lifestyle rather than a diet. And he lost 50 pounds. He's not a way of talking. He's not a diet. That's not a diet. If you want the Acton's diet, you have to stay with the rest of your life. And you can go off a little bit here and there. But you have to stay with it because once you go off, it all comes back. That's the point. You should go off. Bang. You're right back almost where you started. Right. And that's the thing I'm talking about is that you can, in some cases, modify it so that the weight gain that you experience is minimal. But that's what the book tells you. He has all these different phases. I mean, you don't go under 20 grams of carbs every day to rest of your life. Right. The thing is, though, my doctor who has me on just two medications, basically, 15 milligrams of medication per day. One is a cholesterol medication, the other one is an asympt inhibitor for blood pressure. Yeah. And that's the right one. When you say the cholesterol thing and you pass that, how high is your cholesterol? Last time it was 170. And your still on cholesterol medication was a cholesterol 170. It controlled it to that. But what was your cholesterol before you started taking it? Way over with high 200 and something. I don't even know. All over 200 is not that high. Well, the thing is, I had a very bad EKG when I went and I had the... You can't shine that so well. The right thing. The right thing. The right thing. And we tried to do the anti-plasty and it was more to the top. The thing that you change your lifestyle. The point is that with the actin and everything else, I have been able to maintain the weight loss. Which I think is very significant. Of course. And that's the goal. The goal is to try and lose as much as you can. I'm still overweight. Let's face it. It's a battle. It has been all my life. Yeah. But I, you know, I listen to what you say. And I think you and a large part are directly related to me going on the actin. It's the good. You got me interested in it. And I went on a red book, you know, which I bought. And I think people may find this stuff boring. But you always tell me something I called before that couldn't wait to go on here. And so that he went to his doctor yesterday. And that basically what I talked about yesterday, saved this guy's life. I've had it in the head. Real high track. It was a ride to whatever. Right. But I mean, people that people are just ignore the stuff and and wait and depend on some doctor to tell them that they're going to live or die or give them some magic pills. Those people are more on span. It comes up point in your life when you have to start taking control of your own situation. Absolutely. And the thing is, I feel lucky like you, my doctor. I believe that the acting side has been helping me keep my weight off. Right. Who's the weight that I've lost. And, you know, he says, look, if it works, do it. And everybody anybody in this audience who's overweight or diabetic in overweight, which is most type two, diabetes, who's doctor doesn't believe in the acting side. Find another doctor. I just my best advice. And then last thing I'll tell you is that what he said to me was beyond anything else. Yeah. The most significant factor towards good health. Yes, sir. Is weight loss. Right. The more you lose, the longer you live. That's what Karen Carpenter said, too. Got it. Okay. Keep it up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 here. We back on that fat again. Yes. And I'm going to tell you something I was just telling you during the break. I've been taking this coach you 10, Pantheotic acid. B6, a few other things that Edkins recommend highly in his book for just four days. I know this sounds too good to be true. It sounds ridiculous. I feel so much better today than I have in four months. And you've heard it here on the show. It gets all against Panthers. He's on a rich question about his pains in the side. And his neck and his rash. It gets all. And all of a sudden you start to, you know, get rid of all those pussy. One thing America is really, really sickly way off based on. They're always screaming about recreational drugs. And I'm not saying recreational drugs are good. They're bad. Most of them. And of course, marijuana is not a drug anyway. So leave that out of the argument. But America's obsessed with all of these things. But prescription drugs. How many old parts have we got running around in this town? You see the way they drive out there? You see the way they behave? They're so drugged up. They don't know what the hell of year it is. Much less what they have the wicked is. All these old parts drive. We got more drive-thru's in this town than any other place in America. All the most of these businesses didn't know they had a drive-thru. It just that some old parts decided they were going to drive through the wall of a restaurant on the wall of a dry cleaner every day. And then it was you see another story. Some old part is probably drugged up. Driving area on automobiles through some of these wall. Every day you see that. Oh, surprise. It's a drive-thru. Prescription drugs. Killing Americans. Killing. And very few people got anything to say about that. Let me just tell you right now. If you've got a special problem on that, I'm not ever going to tell anybody because it would be totally responsible. If the idea of a thing to do without talking to a doctor that knows his crap, to get off to stop doing a drug. But the goal is if you're capable of it to get off those prescription drugs. Not to take in the rest of your life because every single one like Dr. Mark says all the time, every single one has got side effects and every single one at any given time could put you in a box. So there you go. You get it? No. Okay. 560560, 560 on the 182 wireless line. This co-q10 stuff. This is great stuff. And you see it's not something artificial. Your body produces it. But in a lot of cases, not enough. Just like your body produces most other vitamins except sea. But most of us don't have enough. I mean, I'm sitting there this morning. I'm taking my blood pressure and I see a pulse of 65. There are people who are like, like, athletes who's pulse is like 60 or 65. People who are in the peak of health who are like half my age. I mean, you know, I like that. Greg Reed comes in as pulse was 72 as the pressure was a little bit too high. All the other people have to take it standing up. Okay, Greg. I'm going to go to a blood pressure reader. Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Okay Where we don't know where we're so big eyes I can see how there were some confusion Between humans or ants you make horrors and then Hawkins saw the sun's leader. Thought he needs to hurt or naked because reportsely took over his eyes. That blink didn't he was working hard Late night didn't he overreopens Working on a practical joke He took a Mac and noodle Put an explode in Loading for Monica Was flowing through the snow Billed to God's and Monica's a giant of She let's out of Gagos Every time he makes it way go Monica is not the kind You can do in the behind But a cigar and a vagina she's on mine All people feel that Hillary's been Made a fool of my husband Feel that Hillary was wrong Up in the linking bedroom She wasn't on and Moaning out door was doing her With Billed those bombs Billed to God's and Monica's a giant of Okay She let's out of Gagos Every pregnant time he makes it way go Monica is not the kind You can do in the behind But a cigar and a vagina she's on mine All can be seen Yes, just not the reason Oh yeah What you got to do is take a sip And put it in the fridge Oh yeah 146 there's a classic for a Mark Bed Down You're a calendar boys and girls Joe Costello's going through the lecture size Here she one thing I've learned about human nature That monkey seem monkey do thing If you have any kind of like a health device Like if you have a rectal thermometer Maybe that's not a good example Okay, what does it say? 105 and 87 Man 105 is good 87 for a guy your age With your pot belly 80 10 times I was getting nervous I had no pulse Let me tell you right now Mr. That thing don't lie Now what is your pulse It'll alternate with the blood pressure What's your pulse? 89 89 Mine was 65 this morning I'm like more than twice your age Okay Your pulse is a guy like you All around to wise ops It just gets slower and slower until it eventually stops Right? What your pulse? No You're just irrationalizing now Okay, I don't want to get your nervous Now what was it again? What'll five or ninety seven? Oh 87 Or is it one seventy two? See they all want to not take their blood pressure They all got my little I got one of those cup And that's very accurate by the way It's got always keep the battery fresh Because you don't monkey around with your health As you get older and you get closer to being put in the box At least you want to save yourself At least I'm trying I'm made out of these exceeding But I'm trying to do all of these things And I'm finding out that these now granted You don't take any blood pressure medication You don't have a high blood pressure right? Oh no Oh no What do you mean oh no Well you see why I don't know Seven is not good 87 sucks It should be like if it was 105 over 70 Then I'd say I'll write even 75 That would be great But 105 over 87 Well I didn't wait until about a half an hour And then you'll take it again When you're calmer He was just right to do it here about 20 times And unfortunately that wasn't paying that much attention He added an upside down over the top of the wrist Which is a little limp I guess Huh? Yeah, Sam came out You're trying to do it and kept flopping off his wrist So what is that you know he's calling George She Who are you kidding Sam? He's got all those beards up there in the box I ever have a beard in the box 560 On the AT&T world fun Anybody want to come in or take their blood pressure off? Uh-huh Here's a mobile in Miami Hello Hey Neil I got your great Isn't that out of it? We were on the subject of Wait and I think this This past month You know they start sending you So you can start paying for the season tickets On the dolphin season Or are they? Well I know you don't pay for any of the Figures or anything like that I don't pay for it now Usually in May they send you the last bill thing You got to pay up or lose your seat Right And this year I always wait till May to pay it And now they can't afford to pay They can't afford my seat Based on what? On that I didn't send the payment before March Before March now they moved it up two months Yeah they did And I couldn't I couldn't believe it We called and they say sorry you didn't pay So And I'm trying to glad I was just getting upset And all that but look at the number And the money you're going to save now They probably did your favor In three years it went up a hundred bucks Plus that's not even talking about parking Yeah and they doubled the parking Twenty bucks to park out in the middle of a field Somewhere and get your shoes Get soaked up to your knees Yeah Right So I said to my wife I'm fantastic At least we don't have to worry about it We can go on the boat now That's right And you can sit at home and watch the game for free And look how much more comfortable it will be And we'll cost you a need to park in the garage But it's a real how they can You know seven months before the season even start They get all this money Oh and the way that's a good point All that playoff money we send in for the Panthers I hate to break the news to them But you know they're going to be no playoff And he probably puts it in the count And where he floats it it makes a One month of interest on that money He makes that's right Whatever kind of interest he makes it's free money And here we push letters working our butts off To just pay We'll see some games So bless you get a disguise Don't spend it all on place All right, Neil Okay, see you You have the hate I'm pretty much You have the hate Like poison It really do 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line I feel so much better I feel better today And I'm watching all these other young whippersnappers I'm on your taken their blood pressure And I realize I'm still taking medication Not nearly as much as I used to I've cut away down baby And if I can never get off this hydrochlorophyside And the release start losing away Then I'm going to throw all this crap in the crapper Right in the old Surlip We're going to have a big party And throw all those prescription drugs I've already gotten off that crab recall Which they should crow before I'll take that again All new people that are getting killed My prescription drugs by pill pusher Go find yourself a doctor like Dr. Marker While any doctor nearby you We've not a pill pusher Who's a minimalist Who doesn't believe in killing you with prescription drugs I'm begging you if you value your life okay Just like we keep begging that fat booster And the more we're in the more we're in the more talk about it The better we get You don't have to like they have to use a crane to squeeze into the doorway And there in that studio now that we got the new studios If the squeeze is asked in it with a crane and the rest of them too Talk about a fat ass I'll tell you you can take mobile on Cecil Fielder Roger Clemens and Alex Fernandez Put them all in said Fernandez Put them all together you still haven't met one bush on it That's how enormous he's gotten And if the good job on his Marlins gives We'd like you but Jesus Christ Man put the fork down for a minute Just for one minute He's the kind of guy that says hey let's go out and have a few meals You know like Don Deloise and Fatso Let's go have a couple of meals Stop Before it's too late Here's a lady in dear Fielder Hey, you know how you did it? Oh lady, you're the first lady in the day Hey, and I was up in the day after day Well there's number three excellent But even though John Henry fought the team There were still shadows of Wayne Huyes and go around When I Yeah The music was so loud Been eating Really? I thought I was at a pants camp Mind blowing Yeah, what are they going to stop that stuff What do they? I mean why can't they let our ear drum settle a little bit Okay, yeah, Mr. and enjoy it I'm telling you there's nothing like it Well when when if a pants again Even those just few seconds watched it a while And between whatever the noise they make I enjoy that so much When they just give me a chance to let my ear drum stop dancing around for a couple of seconds I say oh this is the greatest thing in history Oh And there's a lot of crowd noise anyway between you and everybody's got to move it around And talking and then they throw all the music in Yeah You can't hear the person next to you But I was with a group of about 30 people And the only reason why we all went was because Henry fought the team Yeah But it gives him a chance Hopefully he'll be able to do magic But if he feels the In other words if Wayne was still the order you would not have been there Yes, I don't want to pull words in your mouth No, no you're right you're right you're absolutely right And if he feels the stadium in downtown Miami we won't ever go Right here that John Henry they don't want to go to downtown Miami Nobody in this town wants to go to downtown Miami except the Miami hero The nation only broke nobody wants to go there Well we're hoping for a good year out of the bar I want to say have a lot of dumb players say it looks pretty good Yes Hey the youngsters and you look at I say you shoot that's right Yeah A lot of safe stay for it But then like you can But then we wanted to get too good because then they want some real money And then they'll have to go someplace else And then they'll be gone and we'll be out a lot again So looking forward is mediocre to keep that in mind Yeah, mediocre I'm just so I know it's free here so you got it Okay Have a great day So Wow, thank you 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wildest line That's what you guys need to play at the sporting events A lot more of the sounds of silence I'm not talking about Simon and Garfunkel I'm just talking about silence Give us a chance to breathe for a crisis There's nothing worse like Tommy Dinnabor It was a good guy. He comes over there We're talking about all time talking about what a slob Fat boy is all these things you know radio stuff And we're having a chat between periods last night Which is probably the highlight of the whole night Cause there was nothing else going to happen And you know like he can't even hear each other But he's sitting in the seat next to me And I still can't hear what he's saying Except when he talked about what a putt guilty wasn't How could that voice possibly be on the air And I said Here's Fort Waterdale, hello Hey Neil Yes Oh, so bloody whiff for Lutterville now he's near my butt This is how much I love you I wait for you no matter what Well God bless you Okay First thing first of anything else That's cleaning that cleaning that that asshole Remark told you to go Where they're trying to fix, bad bull And you know now we know why these guys take Three years to get better But anyway, the deal too quickly over there I don't know what that is Maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe they need some aspirin But they need some aspirin Yeah, yeah, they need some aspirin But yeah, no we really need some aspirin And who's that? And that's Robbie, have you seen how he skates round And around and around and around Maybe that painting the as he has Yeah And the other thing I want to know Maybe he's got bad boy, don't know But he should go and take care And practice a little bit in cosmo And let us know how things are doing over there The other things The one thing I really called you for the other point The point This is the point Remember that asshole That leaves him buoyant on the That doesn't like Colombian No, it's not boying beach isn't for Myers That asshole That asshole That asshole We should send him down in cosmo Whenever he's there he's going to call us from there It'll be a call that will pay But you know why or he can tell me where the hell he's got right now Okay Whatever you say you got it No, okay 560, we got 7200 open lines here in this last hour Poll question who's got the biggest ass in sports 550 and on the AT&T wireless line Whatever I said Tank Goldberg from Schuillustake too Thanks got a pretty big ass Huh When did you say I mean he would agree to that I think you know he's not sensitive about having a fat ass When you're fat all your life I got a fat ass Not like hanks But in Hank has a tiny ass compared to Boog Okay, we just took a poll Hank you have to loosen that 35 pounds of whatever he's looking pretty good He's not even the same category more with Boog I mean Boog is got He's got a ass Okay, there's a good question That's a good match Boog or fat boy Huh Who's got the biggest ass in that match up Fat boy You think I'm not so sure I think Boog is catching up rapidly I mean by the spoonful I'm just the one to two hour It's a phenomenon If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the post singing on his own CD Your prayers have been answered Now through a special arrangement with the Vatican He's holding this his back And he's singing better than ever On the Pope sing He's the lead to the spice Like they He's full of junk Yes, it's Pope John Paul II Singing songs that will lift you up And make you get down He's turned around There's something great that organ new is a quiet boy Play that organ music right Play that organ new is a quiet boy Play down and boog Play that organ music Until I die Which might be so Pope sing did you that chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope's bill Oh there up a Pope Oh be Much better than the owner of the storm And he's the Father And I'll miss you the he's a boss You should be playing things Oh You should know I don't be guessing I think as a church Play high stakes if you want to You're here to think the poor If you lose your shirt So come out and play things Oh Be a Be a Be a Oh I Be the better Pope sing There's a bit of a malady special introductory price Get it and save yourself By dollars What's this obsession with hokey Get it around in the boy What? Let's dig right jail I should have a little I should have a little Cheat in the back of the Galeranian And rip it up to Gali upset it Gali feeding one in Oh I'll get up the glass And think I'm going to get it Tiped out in front And pack up But the top up was in a state They were sticking it in with war He leaves it to pack up Pack up yet Take a nap Who's warped by the death Who's going to get in front of the death Who's going to get in front of the death Who's going to get in front of the death Who's going to get in front of the death Who's going to get in front of the death Vin scheme Crying your anrient Completely into the war Everybody trying to keep it in and do Go on Breath in the corner by ale Cube It's a dual penalty A jammer on the lbiter together Run to jail right now Put theter Good ballyang Crushing Put the same thingBut Tim Wide-chicken Soon Soldiers Start Off the boat on the ice and get the bottle of it. Super. Buddy's already incredible pressure in the last number of play and so one away that's been delayed. I'm going to drop up to him in the Correl Center. That only noise is a shuffle of people leaving the building. But don't sit on a Rick. So I don't want to boost your bubble. Rick's going to read the Great Rick's right the Buffalo Saber. So it was only 20 hours ago. I was just going to let me get this one. Well, I haven't got to the ratings yet either. Well, we see we've got a lot of stuff to do here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. You ready to take your blood pressure again? All right, I'll do it in there. Come and get this thing and do it again. And just sit quietly for a minute before you do it because I made it for that bottom numbers 87 again. I'm going to be greatly concerned. Of course, one thing I'm noticing that seems to be a common denominator around us to add a lot of people with higher blood pressure than they really should have. And I think it might be this place. Uh-huh. You ever think about that? I do every day. Here's my any, hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, sir? Hey, I just wanted to bring up a couple points. Everybody's talking about the the Panthers and everything in there and the problems with them, but the bottom line is until you get rid of Murray, Murray brothers and real-body. Right. Yeah, they're going nowhere to think about it. John and B's book. Because the sports guys were talking his morning. They were saying, well, they didn't know one guy could really make a much difference, but if I was, if I'm not mistaken, like I said, back in April, one man put his team on his back and carried them into the playoffs. Yeah. You know, Andy was successful. But, you know, they got rid of him. They got rid of people that really struck him, right? Yeah, that was a strong, that pulls leadership that could help care to team. But I think, see, a lot of folks don't understand this. This town is building people's who's only idea is to capitalize economically offlovers and marginalize them. And that's it. That's the bottom line with all this. That's why the dolphins ain't going to suitable this year or years to come. Right. And that's why all of the sports, the sport franchise are only going to be the bottom line is just profit margin. And that's it. And there's a lot of point I wanted to make. Yes, sir. Take this out. You need to do a show about religion. And just bring up the point now that we all believe in technology. Now, check the follow-up point. Yeah. We all believe in technology. Now, technology says that there is a lot of technology in technology. And that's the case. And that's like blows the hell. All the theories about religion and all these institutions that have been created, which do nothing more but what the Murray boys and I think in all of them do. marginalize and profitier off of what is lack of information. Like a perception, lack of intelligence and that's kind of things. And maybe you need to do a show on kind of light meet folks. You know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. Hey, nice talking to you. Hey, God bless you. Okay. What do you say? He's not quite the back. Well, he can't. Both of the off side now. Back with cross. He'll just hit the ice right down the lake. Right side. You're flying back with rock open now. He's so let's go. Barney struck a sign for the back. Oh, let's go on. Boats. On a Harley. Well, there's no one for anymore. I've put it that. Why was 65 or 60 WCM? We got 28 open lines here. I'm better. I started looking these ratings here. convince myself that we actually have a lot of people listening. 5, 6, 7. We got three people today who worked the Amarlan Jazz today. And all every one of them said that Wayne sucks the big one. And the only reason they went is because they hate Wayne. Okay. How do you blood pressure come out? 112 over 79. Better. And the pulse was 75. Better. Not great. Okay. Not bad. That's all right. Give me another hour. I'll get it down even. No, no. That's not the point. You say, well, okay. Try to get it down. And the pressure too. Here's a cross-bring. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Come get every give any accolades for the Murray Brothers for developing these young guys. You know who this is? This is an asshole again. Huh? What young guys? What about other than Mark Perish? What young guys do they develop on this team? What about Peter WRL? Peter Crap. Okay. And Kavasha? Hasn't done a damn thing. He escaped from my own circle. He's not developing. He's getting worse. Okay. And what was the last time that Peter that the... Oh, if you would get up. Oh, yeah. I made me a few dots to be such an asshole. Okay. I knew that was that idiot Mitch from the five first three words. Maybe if you'd get a life. Maybe if you get maybe if you'd get the rope with Andy from Hollywood. You could find some happiness together. Because you're both asshole. You could rub your our rectum together. Are you already are? More on. Absolutely. Total. See, that's all you get in this town hockey conversation. It's a little Ojo on Provocator. Same old tired material. Go make a Shabway Shambha, which, okay, for the organization. Go give the Shabway Shambha a Shabway Shambha. You jackass. And then put him on the Boston Center of Audit Howard's brother. They both suck. I need some action. Click it. I will not fight you again... and why? Since I'm present in peace... I flattened my soul and today... I'm on ammh. one fourteen five fifty w q a m so anyway here these are the transwiches only two turrets of the winner rating book for whatever reason they all why always do a best in the winner book you want to know why that is I'll tell you why that is I'm glad you waxed because in the winner book January February March that's when the whole audience is down here see the season in this time has been reduced from about the maybe party December to March you know April maybe Easter pace off which came early this year once that's it they're all gone see we have a lot of this make-up is a shot because you hear a lot of the retards on the phone but they're not listening audience they're just the Gilbert one of these you know the Gilbert the junior but the listening audience out there like living in reading people who have a life and the other here like a few months of the year for smart and the rest of the year they're not here a lot of big part of our audiences like here for a little bit January February March that's when everybody is basically here because they're free in their ass off someplace else and don't want to so we do good in a fall real great in the winter time spring they start life vanishing summertime which has gone to take an unbelievable turn for the worst the last five six years and getting worse every summer because anybody with a brain and maybe because I keep telling them gets the hell out of here they take their kids anybody they get out of this place including me as much as I can summertime is a death now and then we have to wait till like after Labor Day it back to I can remember last Labor Day saying I wouldn't they come back and then about the couple days after Christmas two people started coming back so here these ratings for January and February and plus last December which will drop off and I remember how we didn't December that was good better and different because here the you know pussy galore program giraffe he don't yeah I get nothing I get no information every other station I've worked at the last 20 years I get my own copy of the rating book I get the monthly I mean I I'm really kept up today because I'm the only one that building it understands it in this place and there are they are could be dangerous if I saw that stuff 12 plus the entire audience what's the number one station in this latest survey W EDRFMH Sparker station they're wrapping it baby there's nothing like sitting at a stop light and some some punk and a domain white kids to same different servicemen that garbage you listen that crap shows listen the garbage to crap no one of your blood pressure's high it's the base it is it's the ass of bass not so much lately anyway EDRs number one radio momb w achy number two twelfth like how do you like that all the assimilation process I'm headed to assimilation process look on page for E in the Sun Sentinel this morning univision big among 18 to 34 set oh yeah Hispanic viewers baby 18 to 34 year olds they're flocking to those tell on novella's again because they want to see some beard and beard that's it they're horny so anyway you got a Sparker station number one a holio station number two how do I even compete in this market on a bum fork a m station with no publicity with a general manager running around with his fingering is where his ballspots supposed to be life is number three that's flush in the elevator is an elevator music power 96 so anyway let's get to the day part let's cut the crap we don't have time for all these stupid numbers six to 10 a m 12 plus radio on more signal spigging lace number one an EDR number two followed by w achy on radio momb b so you got three ethnic stations number one two and three in morning this is the total audience followed by Howard on big with a 5.2 and hot another ethnic CM2 FM another ethnic and in kiss look at that kiss with that four point I've always said this for years four point percent of the audience give or take a little bit is always a bunch of shop kickers that listen to that crap on kiss that is a gold mine they're raking in the dough and of course you probably at one of if they're making all that money with power all that money with power 96 all that money with kiss how come they don't pay their bills how come their people like Joe working for two bucks an hour good question maybe that's why we're mr. big shot and there's walking around in those five hundred dollars suits all the time and those two thousand dollar suits okay let's get to the good stuff let's take a look at the mornings okay wait to hear this this is gonna I don't want to start peon on a parade of those morning guys okay because they think that they're hot shots oh they had that funny show on April full day that same old tried corn molster everybody I spoke to the hockey you might say by the way they volunteered I didn't ask they said that was really crap they said we hate those guys now for pulling on craven was stupid and it wasn't funny and it's old and tried and cliched not not something you respect from default hold and try and cliched wait to you hear who beats them by a fraction 12 plus in a morning with a three point I'll give you a clue wild oh I hate that station all news with a three point oh and they got from a three point one and last train not to work two point nine I wonder why that is and then rick in spots from a one point three to a one point six they've entered two thirds of that the train what exactly what I told you is happening exactly what I told you people your you a assassin you jackass you in basil you murderer just what I told you rick in sudd lifting the morning up a little bit but not enough to really be a factor but the afternoon's where they actually were doing okay before where they actually had maybe an audience wasted here those numbers from that bitch oh yeah he got a number 12 point and what 12 plus where is it can't even find it from a 2.5 then out of a 2.1 on this train a 1.6 how do you like that brook that incredible or what drop in light precipitously just like what I told you was gonna happen over there you jackass feet the couple of degrees five now what do we got midday 12 plus number one is a w l y f the flush station with a 6.0 number two 10 a three p m is a w q a m this show with a 5.3 number two in a market again up from a 5.2 in the last one up from a 4.8 in the fall book to a 5.3 as we continue going up and up and up and how I haven't got any idea it has got a damn place so that means between 10 and 2 we're doing about a 6-year 12 plus ladies and gentlemen I want to tell you right now this even shocks an old tag like me okay that they don't go do it in this place and I'll guarantee it shocks the hell out of them shocks the crap out of them they can't believe it now guarantee it also hurts their ego I'm talking about the powers that be in here which is only one of them and is a little cluster for friends oh my god that fact is getting those numbers and the rest of the day we're sucking when that's right you're sucking it and the win too now you have to know one thing that said the hump or he is as consistent as the weather in the North Pole look at this is the fall book person's 12 plus 2.6 nobody said we're January the next trend 2.6 this trend 2.6 that's the whole audience it's not our demo I just mentioned passing the hump or is a rock a big fat rock I don't know the consistency on those numbers all right let's get to the stuff that counts persons 25 to 54 here's EDR and how about how one of the one and two the sparks is going to home market here in 25 to 54 they don't even interview any white people 25 54 followed by life a lot of you are more the closest you get to an A.A. the the coast nice going Bob and Shera you'll fill it with another bucket of crap how the coast well all that glorious step on a Michael Bolton crack that's swill that they pump out nice going tip you jackass 4.9 maybe they're actually trying some good music and I haven't listened to that thing in ages thank god look at this 25 54 okay let's get to the mornings okay not wait to the number one is again which they always are lately rodeo amore no speaking ladies slush big music and at hoochie kooji crap on the 8.1 share see once you take the ethnic side here like I've told you before what is that leave for the rest of us chicken bones that's what it leaves chicken the phones number two and a morning 25 54 is Howard on dig with a 7.1 same as last ran but down from an 8.3 in the full book then hot 105 EDR more sparks and music Zeta 4 with a 4.5 how about the mornings you're how about the worstema they're doing okay they are 3.1 to a 3.1 like I said consistency not a great number not on the first page not on the second page but at the top of the third page how about working spud from a 0.7 in the fall to a 1.1 and they had only one month of that now they had two thirds of this for 1.7 like I said up to a much better number but still not this significant okay midday 25 54 10 a.m. the 3.3.p.m number one life the slush station the anti-Christation that they play an elevator in doctors offices and dentist offices 7.6 number two that God damn coast how do you like that with a 6.5 you must have some wired diaries on a steel number three QAM and from a 5.8 in the last ran from a 5.4 in the fall book to a 6.2 so between 10 a.m and 2 p.m here with all due respect to the humper we're doing about a 7 share in 25 54 person means we're doing about a 12 or 13 share and men God damn it and they're giving me a song and dancing at that morning crowd they're trying to suck siphon off from this audience you're not living up to the end of the bargain guys you're costing all the rest of us money with that squeaky voice pipsqueaky on there you're costing us money bonus money because you're not holding up your right of the stick with that sad world cornball routine yours without asking a business you got going on and what do we got here in the all wait till you're these i wanted to hang to any at person 25 54 where the hell is he third page so good at he actually went up a little bit two six to a two eight to a three point there you go and look at the first example look at the length of the listenership the handcass three week three hours and 15 minutes in the fall book in the last trend and in the stretch to the minute two of the minute three hours and 15 minutes and one thing is after that that was their out of that's it you know what I'm saying now he's actually went up a little life going up her who should be to crap out of that morning show by a tent of a point and then birthday annual written set that was 3.4 to fall book this is persons 2554 our target demographic then she comes on there for a month it goes out of a 2.6 now she's been on there for two of the three months it goes for a three four to a two six to a one point nine I've got big you belong on a year like my miniature picture belongs to an open hearts here to be a month time I hospital at 3 30 this afternoon and by the way your schedule for how do you like that piece of crap oh she's a great talent she's a broad she's a piece of turd god she belongs on a year like for about a half a second to say goodbye Randy Rhodes wannabe many 18 plus here we go here we go with our big demo number one EDR we can't beat that's far to station man they reproduce in like rabbits they got a 5.9 Q a m number two this is overall okay the entire station from a 5.5 though and last trend of a 5.3 but now we're losing the dolphins okay we've been up to not not not not bad now what about the mornings okay these guys better be going up in minutes because that's I mean if the men are listening certainly nobody else is listening that crap in the morning 4.5 in a fall 4.9 in the last trend and oh 4.4 in this trend for the morning see they're not holding up their end they're not holding up their freaking end men 18 plus up over concerns from a one four to one eight to a two point one in this last trend they're sliding up a little bit okay nice going guys hanging out with job there seriously I mean he tried to screw those guys off god jammed and you know and now they got the only number on that station here's many 18 plus in the midday number one is 7.9 in the fall book 8.9 in the next trend and in this trend December January and February a 9.1 which means between 10 a.m and 2 p.m. we're doing about a 10 share in men how do you like that back to them exactly we killed them and then in the afternoon tank the number for 9.47 and just trying to 4.5 pretty right along you know even even Steven see he started to pick it up a little bit now they got off of the horrible press conferences I was thinking this morning coming to work to realize 162 games in the baseball season that means that every team has 162 press conferences after the games are you following that how ridiculous that is so they can give some sound bites to a fox and ESPN and the doos and all the other crap trying to magnify something totally insignificant in terms of the whole human race into something like it's important don't be like having a ball movement in the morning and then have a press conference to talk about it huh you follow my logic so now with but with your got from a for him used repetitive what you're doing like a like a like a like a like a You should give me some stuff You should give me some You should give me some You should give me some Oh Oh You should give me some Oh Oh You should have a pretty mouth Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh you rabbit hole Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh It's what I was going to go in That was a quick end 132 at 560 course We got that corkscrew 560 560 560 on the mobile one line A hand cold verse show from sure Let's take to it to a clock God we got the numbers came out there Great I'm feeling great Oh Those blood pressure he'll live another week Oh No, that's not bad 12 over 79 But you're right You see you're here's an opportunity See with me I only wish for many reasons I had all those years to live over I can't do it Can't enter the clock back But now here's the message to you To get a little more active Okay to get off your ass Which may become fat if you don't And to start to get into your blood pressure Somebody your age should be about maybe 12 over 70 Not like 80 I mean, oh, you know they say 120 over 80's a perfect blood pressure That's a lot of cramps What you want to really go for is a hundred over 60 Okay, I'm telling you right now That's the ideal blood pressure for anybody I mean when she get older you're never going to Good chief acts Maybe with pills 100 over 60 Call me back when you get 10 over 60 Okay, and then we'll let you use the cup again I'm telling you right now that's something I'm trying to save lives out here Okay, the neurology shows saving people from themselves Trying to save the people in this fat building Seriously, I'm not exaggerating I don't say this because I want to make fun of people But I will anyway to try to embarrass them If it's you only want to do this is the fatest place I've ever worked in my life by so far You can't even begin to imagine Am I right? From fat boy and Josh Friedman I think that's the reason that new sales guy They hired this morning who will never make it till the end of the year If you don't cut the crap to the bookstore To the will the beast Who might leave him out Ralph works on a cap and show who you've never met He's actually an Emmy on that He's a monster And then what's the engineer that he has a good guy But that's a choppy one Who's a holio Talk about a gigantic holio Wow Man And me and Hank We're skinny now compared to these guys We're not even the same category This is a big fat sick dying place And here I'm taking it out of my own responsibility To try to save some lives of these people Fives and then don't forget a deephole Blow it up like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up Back to something Man, is he? I've known this guy for like 20 years here Jeff, did for us good guy? You got that raw butt because he sits on a fence all the time He's a good guy But man, oh man, is he all of a sudden he just blown up Blow it up One day he woke up on this He was just slim all his life He woke up on day all of a sudden he's a pig Yeah I see I'm used to it I look in the mirror and I go, oh geez You know, I'm used to it for years now But how would you feel if you wake up on morning after being like You know, relatively slim all of your adult life And all of a sudden you get up on day looking to mirror Oh, what the hell happened there Like a little shift of weight or something, huh? 560560, pound-560, and a mobile one line Here's Pine Crest, hello Hey Neil, yes sir Hey, I've been looking into years And just started with the sixth hand I don't know, you still have our wages today You really, you really got tummy Yeah About what? Your stick now, your stick is just... My stick? It's such an asshole Wait, but it's so funny that I picked everybody to love you Yeah, they do They do They do, they do They have to Right When I came back from the moment for the other day And heard you play that pork stalker Or whatever, I mean, I just can't believe you can You can't get away with it And I love it We all love it What do you get away You're an asshole We love you Yeah, and you're an asshole We love you too, so what's wrong with that? Yeah, and then all Everybody can be there Yeah, they do I mean, I don't think you can Okay, talk to you again, okay Talk to you again, asshole 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60, on a mobile one line We only got 24 minutes to go We've been doing pretty good here today Cho says we give you a seat Plus today Says not in the same league with George and those calls He gets let me ask you He have all the lines with the whole four hours On Friday, I want to report on this All the whole, because he told me Every line was with the whole four hours The whole four hours through the breaks Right Every line See there you go They want to talk to George They do not want to talk to me And see one of the reasons By the way, the numbers are continuing On this show, this day is so steady And actually even go up Is that when I go on vacations And take a day off or something Instead of dropping off of those stupid tapes And I'll take all the credit for it Thank you, because it sure wasn't a Pussy Golo's idea to put George on Instead of those awful tapes It was my idea Nice gone air And all you naysayers out there Oh, gee, what do you think It looks new, I think it put you on here You little spick He's doing just fine, okay He's a little genius, sorry You never know it You never know it, look at him He knows a lot of crap 560, 560, pound 560 Even through the commercial breaks They hold on for George For me, they didn't even call him the first place Because they're all a bunch of Pussy's Like our program director The two intimidated Because I know what I'm talking about And see, once they find out that George Actually knows what he's talking about Then they'll stop calling him too But if they feel like you're like You know, they have the upper lip on You're something like that And they'll know a problem Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yes sir How you doing? Okay Yeah, I got a couple of names for you That fat ass thing going through Okay, here's our fat ass content Number one All right, remember Rusty stopped for the match? Yeah, he didn't have that big of an ass Come on, you see, you do it on But here I hear he was into ass But we don't want to get lucky Like, like, run our runs Rusty stubs Yeah, he's a gourmet cook, you know that? Yeah, he's just got a nice place And then that Yeah One more Remember me, Rusty piece, Herman Who? Herman, once in yeah Won't you hit him? That's for the X. Yeah, I'd say moderate size ass Another catcher, though, see? Yeah, hey, what's where through He's a herge of conversation Earlier, he's from down He's lost the tunnel weight But you don't lose weight in the ass though I mean, no, seriously He has fact his ass is probably more pronounced now than ever before Because when you're ass remains the same size He lose weight to rest of the body Your ass sticks out like, like a flare, you know? Yeah, like a flare in the night sky He's probably the best catcher in the league right now He's great He's in and nobody ever talks about him, you know? That's true Guys like Juan Gonzalez and Pugdrod Riga Nobody ever talks about them Because they played down there and, you know, They're a... A normal one Talk? Small markets Right And clothing, a maty heart on with Franger And I know this shirt we're not going anywhere But I think nobbers got to team Hopefully going in the right direction You do, you do? I don't know He's saying, how could you say that? The fuel that basically got team blows Yeah, the fuel that got team blows Yeah, the fuel that got team blows I don't want to burst out First of all, let me tell you this, they got a dump Trevor Lyndon, this guy is the biggest overrated one He was in Vancouver, overrated, he's with you guys, he's overrated Get rid of him, man He's a piece of craft Trevor Lyndon Well, rid of him He's took up that's when Grin was pretty scared He's good, he's a good kid, yeah A compliment And healthy Powerful And then they traded away They traded away robber Michael Who was the only other guy he said Healthy could score on a team and they traded him away For a fudge bus through there I mean, what the hell kind of a trade was that? Yeah, I mean, I think you're wrong I think Mike Milbury has got to go If you guys said, yeah, I mean, you got, I don't have the technical Metas problems, they got to, they got to, They're not going to know that you know, they're not going to Go there, it's falling apart You don't draw flies in that place And the team, they're like this, they're like doing to their team Like what Wayne did to the Marlins, they're dismantling it And of course Felix, the Pat Van Gogh But seven shows up, he lost in one day I mean, you guys got problems Yeah, you're like, I don't know A lot of the papers, especially the post I had a couple of writeups in the city It's a little bit crack together I know one more year and hopefully the new ownership Get him out of there Get him out of there, touch it Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah Think about it You know, I ate the Rangers But if you see Okay, you phone the crap down, okay, what have we said? Yeah, I saw the flyer game and I saw the cheesy gold by What's his name? Who was it? Chris Tamer See, I'm asking you, you wouldn't know Chris Tamer If you walked in here right now I know almost every guy they're in the league Except for some of the new Russians that I never heard of before That's what a hockey fan I am That's why they don't call me and take me on Because they want to talk to somebody that knows nothing about it Like I said, morning show Don't you think that Pavell Pavlov, Bureille Yeah, right A town where knowledge about hockey would be a dangerous thing But you're safe because believe me, it don't exist I mean anybody that knows the game they heard those hockey calls this morning The worst thing they stopped Come on, man today And now the league of retargeted to this season They're rendition of Green onion Don't make fun They were very hard for this Don't try to do it I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know Thats silly Still willing my skills His fodder mightMAN His health The job knew He is all right Nothing Don't want to be a fool That's your hero Thank you Thank you. So Joe says can you must not be listening as much as you supposed to want their show mr Where did we get the keyway on the Akeplan jiggle John boy a man? I mean we got Ed Berlin. Yeah, we're liner and like I said when they missed pronounce you name on the jingles That means you're out What I Ed Berlin. He's an asshole. Oh, is he ever another? Yeah And then the Florida Marlin yeah and the Oh, that must have been wishful thinking The Florida and Gators yeah, oh very young Gator team Okay, that's enough that crap. Okay, there you go 146 at 560 QM We're number one by the way here in midday and anything that counts I Just thought I mentioned that in passing again. We're continuing to kick ass in spite of all the impediments They put in our way see what good is life and I'll see have a few obstacles to jump over huh I mean if they just can be like an easy road. You know like God everything is a challenge all these diseases you have to weave your way to this mysterious road of life Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yeah, what's going on man? How you doing sir? Another fat ass L-sid Yeah What is it with Fernandez and baseball all these guys have got you jacitor what? Uh, if their name ends in easy generally speaking they got a big fat ass that's right I got a spot in for you. Yeah, why didn't you be a hauler that they have now inside our hospital? And I saw a huge figure walking towards this lunch store I'm looking like it's about maybe years old. Yeah, I got a close. It would thank you. Yeah I think it looked like death buddy No, he was like I just saw Hank the other day. He looks great. He has looked as good years. Maybe it was Hank Meyer. He ain't feeling good Hank was just in here today. He's lost 34 pounds. He's got a little I don't know. Maybe a little too much golf in the sun You know I'm a little worried about that. Have you seen Hank lately? Oh, seriously his face is like red. I don't mean beat red from like see Hank's face used to be beat red like from fat Like a lot of us that carrying around all their way But now it's like it's healthy your red but like too red Like some tan red like too much golf out there with my clupa cut those guys and I worry about that Not good for you. I'm telling you the Florida sun that everybody raves about the great weather Which is fine, but not too much in that sun please Don't let the sun that that's fun go down on you Here's the North Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, sir. I'll come with your subject content on your radio. You have a wife The problem with the subject content on your radio show. Oh, do you really then how can we listen to it? I have a question See with all I know no, let me answer the questions and you got a sock over your phone. How come you listen to it if you have a problem? Sure, is that a difficult question? There seems to be delay here before the answers that's for coming Radio cannot move your radio can't move when your radio starts moving. Okay, sir call us back and let us know Maybe we can send the radio doctor over to your house and help move it and maybe your follows to that might help 567. Oh 560 pound 560 always know it's gonna be a great call We're gonna for when I have a sock over it in the phone too. That's always a good predictor Here's one in Miami with 82 question marks. WQAM hello Yes, sir You're always running your mouth about things that you're leaving the night Touch hands such as what sir when always running your mouth What about what about give me your give me for instance I'm not into that crap. I'm not talking about Yeah, okay, who's number 10 for the afternoon? Tell me about the Florida panties who wears number 10 Yeah, okay, he ain't playing this week. Yeah Yeah He a little bit good good point there with the 18 question marks. He was from Sagittal Michigan by the way Question mark and Mysterians and he was also well Yeah, one of those Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I got a sports fight for you. Okay, Herbert Pocke Kirby Pocke jogged in a gas You, Jess. Yeah. He had the biggest ask in Minnesota's what they tell me And thank you. I guess that was okay. That was it wasn't it was that it? 560 505. I feel really bad now the joist tell me man every time George Phil's in these Well phones are smoking and he said the not only the quantity of calls, but the colors are so much better when George is on the one you're on And I thought well, I'm not gonna let you take your blood pressure anymore with my thing after you tell me that He says not only is it quantity, but the quality George gets the intellectual colors the bright people Actually are ticked and have something to say and I thought I thought about that for minutes I thought a lot of want to talk to people like that Well, seriously if you wanted to hear people that really are intelligent and articulate first of all What kind of intelligent are ticked people take time out of their busy call of talk show? I would never call a talk show Would you know We want to talk to people like that we want to talk to guys like this vote or that called me to go with that brother You know, yeah, I've asked some mother eat Yeah, that's well on the talk to All right, bowl rhymes with schvode. There you go Go get you a brain okay man go get you a brain. Then maybe put something in it like some learning Here's Miami Beach, yellow Hey, me all I got the thinking you were talking about big fat asses I thought I'll open win free and then I did I heard this urban life He's got an expandable. She's got more of those like an accordion ass. It's big a small. It's And then there's many pro Washington of course listen real quick Did you hear this thing about Tommy Hill figure apparently? I'm glad so thank you sir somebody's a gentleman tell me about this yesterday I didn't hear a thing ever that lady she had Oprah that bitch had Tommy Hill figure on you know All right, and he could he wouldn't make close so nicely if you knew that blacks and Puerto Rico's and Jews Well, I get you're got a little bit from what I hear she asked him where you will wear that these He said I guess what happened? He said that when he created this line of clothing He never realized that all these other people were gonna be wearing and she said well, you know We keep hearing it put in that term that you know you never expected my no-one He's blacks and all these other Reekens and so on we weren't clothing and would you have made it? The way you did if you knew they would be wearing and he said no and she kicked them off the show Well, in other words, she asked him that and given honest answer He was honest about us he could have lied he couldn't give an apolitical answer He could have given her a bunch of bull crappy said no. I don't want a bunch of geeks wearing my stuff or whatever It's all you made a morpher really you made a morpher netting over to him. Not geeks. I'm a geek. I can wear his clothing Yeah, I'm a dude like you know my march is wearing it. Well, he doesn't want to choose his march Is wearing it you know what Jews wearing it exactly he mentioned you know That Tommy Helper your is a Fag brand everybody knows that and of course there's a lot of Fag Jews I know I know one right now talk to listen. That's right. Johnny Bauer He was a Fag 2. I don't know he wasn't a Fag. He was a great guy It was my favorite player Johnny. He was 37 years old when he first went to Toronto in play 11 years I'm telling you something about that. They even they'll never know how old Johnny Bauer was because he played with the old Cleveland parents in the age El right and then he said when they brought him up in 1958 They said that even then he was lying about his age He might have been 40 or more when they brought him up. He was he was ancient Johnny bar. He was great I bet he was I'm sorry you're missing a classic sports. They did it yesterday and they said at 37 years old They brought him up to the ranges and they traded to Toronto and he said look I don't really have much and then they said he played 11 years for Toronto That's right without a mask for Stanley comes baby. Oh, I can say these are these are not Okay, hey that B's are eating or Ron Hectall baby They'll be watching that go again. I hope that I hope that Bobby Clark has a gigantic hit when he sees this They keep while showing that replay over and over again Here's Chris Tamer little backhand from center rise up It's in the net. Sorry Ron. He kind of like wave that it at a boy Ronnie You can hear the gagging choking sounds from the from the city of brotherly love up there. You can hear their gagging on it I heard Roger Mealson is gagged on it a few times, but I don't want to touch that line