4.3.0.5.60. W2AM, my AmiPort Loderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show. Talk to Neal, call 567.0.5.60. Call free for David Rarrard or count 5.60 on yourself. Oh, right. The opinions of Neal, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Neal Rogers, on Sports Radio 560.0.5.60.0. QAM. He was his word. Not as pedophile. Brownnosing time. Dark about time. And your bomb set strikes through the door. Yeah. Brownnosing time. Don't you know what a bad is. But the bottom thing bad is for whatever. Brownnosing time. Tell them that you think that the need may be smarter than Donald Trump. Brownnosing time. Drop it right down to your knees. Just hit him from me. That is how you are going to get ahead. Even though you have such a strategy to do. Who Jim's and Jim's looking is already a corporate. Brownnosing time. You can't even see the power of Jim from back there. But it's not as easy as you can. You can't stand from time to time. You can't even see the power of Jim from back there. You can't even see the power of Jim from back there. Brownnosing time. You move up the ladder and someday someone will be kissing yours. Back to you. Something like that. Hey, stop it. I'm telling you, what a suck hole I heard yesterday driving home. I'll get it in just a second. Happy Saint Patrick's Day everybody. What is it all about Saint Patty's Day? You can green beer. Getting green in the face. Green ham and all that good Irish cuisine. What is Irish cuisine, by the way? Why did I always, I got up this morning. Of course, I realized it was Saint Patrick's Day. Because I felt kind of queasy. Huh? Isn't that how you're supposed to feel on Saint Patty's Day? Is that how the Irish is supposed to feel every day? A little bit queasy. A little hungover. And I'm taking to myself how come. Like there's no such thing as a Tadion Day. Right? There's no such thing as Schwarzier Day. I mean, we have Martin Luther King day. Jewish Day. There's no Jewish Day. There's no Polish Day. No Spick Day? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Spick Day, right? No, friend's Day. Thank God. Oh, I thought that was best deal day. No, trim and day. No, you go slavvy and day. So what is the significance of Saint Patrick's Day? We know this today that the snakes all, huh? That's all they know about. Potatoes, boiled ham and snakes. And then this morning, I thought I thought at least give credit for the Irish that they were a little bit classier than the Scottish. I thought that was the Scottish thing with the bag pipes and the kilts. Huh? And they go together, I guess, like boiled eggs, ham and snakes or something like that. And good, good green, green in the face. What is that? Why do we have Saint Patrick's Day? And who the apple is Saint Patrick? Anyway, so we'll get to that in a minute. And two, I'm sure we'll have tons of calls on that. Well, wait. No, no. That's been that kind of a week. I've already cared because I got lots of things to talk about today that I would never have talked about if I would have had my radio in the SCD position yesterday when I left here. I was listening to a Hank going home yesterday. And I know I've heard this thing once, what, seven or eight times before about, you know, kissing Gregory Zas for getting him stones to get to an all-in. I guess every time I heard it, I kind of like bit my tongue until it's a little bit, but I kind of took it with the grain and saw it. I thought it was like a little tongue and cheek as in the cheeks of your echo and kind of cheek. But yesterday, yesterday, and I'm not one of those people that looks for problems, contrary to my reputation as business, I come in on my own business. I stayed in myself to a clock I'm out to door. I'm not looking for problems. I'm one of those people who's an idealist. I would like things to be real smooth and perfect. I know that's not realistic, but I would like it to be that way. And so I would hope, you know, the best we can we do it. I'm not looking to create a problem. But when something just re-bugs the living-snot out of me, I'm not going to sit in the, not talk about it. And wait till I get to the thing about the program directors desk by the way. This, which I was totally unaware of, we can blame George for this one because he pointed out to me the well. You did, you didn't want to pointed it out. Like I said, I saw it myself. George didn't pointed out. He's not a secure design. He didn't have the product. He had a whole office issue. Yes. And you're the one that, as you were holding your side, splitting and laughter, said, oh, you ever see dust desk that little post-it stamp. You said that. I call it a card table. And so I literally got up out of my seat, which takes a lot of motivation for me early in the morning. And I walked down the hall about seven feet to my right here. And I looked in Bluffland's office. I saw a desk the size of an orange crate. And that's, it's not just a fact. It's a fact that it's symbolic, that, that, that speaks volumes about everything that goes on in this place. You keep calling it a desk. It's just, well, I'll get to that. Okay. We got to go for it. See you better learn how to do this, Mr. You had trouble filling 20 minutes the other day. I got plenty of practice filling four hours. I see the way these phones have been all this week. I'm going to kill all the good time I came with this crap. Then I'll get back in rip fat hankin' a big ass. Okay, which he's already got one. Maybe a little less fat than it used to be. I'm going to tell you his performance yesterday at 2 o'clock if I would have eaten a meal, which you know I didn't because I was going to the dentist. And by the way, do I have my mouthguard yet? No, I had to get spitted. I'll get into that too. Two weeks ago I got to wait for a goddamn mouthguard. So I'm still grinding it. So I had eaten nothing. If I would have eaten, I'd, one thing, I have, Oh, my car, I told you that. I've done that once. Okay. But I have never puked. I've had, I've been back in my Michigan State days. That was in cars with guys who had drinkin' a lot of beer who puked in the car. But I've never puked in the car myself. If I would have had any, any food yesterday at all, I would have up chucked all over my beautiful Corvette. Hearing what I heard on here on the Hank Goldberg show yesterday about two-ten for about 10 minutes. And I kept thinking, not that you have to stop, but wow. A suck job, the likes of which see, you know, anybody can pick on the underlings. Like our program director. Why do I say the program director is an underling because we all know that he's a good guy, but he's given no respect, no authority, no cloud. He can't even fire an intern. If a stranger of a deadbeat walks in off the street, he can't even kick him out without going to the big cheese to get permission. Like should we let this guy hang around in here? Should we feed him? That kind of thing. Now, seriously. So anybody can pick on him. Anybody can pick on a $5 hour help. Those poor guys that work their asses off on the sports department there. The, whatever they are producers, board up. Anybody can rip them and ask and go through tie raids and probably them. That takes no, cahones. It takes no talent. It takes no statue. It takes no static. It takes no nothing. But sucking the ass of the management and the slurvably people that own this place, especially when you've been put to, you know, shortly after we first came here. I mentioned a couple of times on a year that one of the reasons that this whole way this place is run is why this goes down is because there are a bunch of pushies working here. Who've allowed this to go on? Who've never stood up for themselves and said, hey, I'm not going to put up with this. You owe me money today. I want it today. I mean, I need it. I want it today. That's how business arrangements will work. No, they said, oh, okay, Miss, okay, Miss, you know, it's kind of like that's a missteps, affection routine, you know. Oh, yeah, Miss, and Neil, whatever you say, and that's a Neil. That kind of crap. And that's a truth. And some people, like to, you know, put on this image of braggadosho and the big shots and Mr. Mr. Tough guy, anybody like I said can probably be the underlings. And verbally abused the program director when you know he's got a desk, the size of a milk crate, you know. What do you laugh about? I have seen seriously. I used to be a stand collector when I was a kid. Remember those triangles? I've seen stamps that were bigger than Duffland's desk. I've seen white spiders. Bigger, I've seen spider bites. Bigger than Duffland's these days. So, so pick it on him. He's a good guy, I mean he's useless, but he's a good guy. Pick it on him, or you know, and brow beating him, that takes no talent. But kissing the boss in a management of this slowly place kiss in there as that was puking, dozing the may hack. I just, I can't believe, maybe he was off his feed, you know. Maybe he had missed a few meals. Yesterday, I'll get back to this. I got plenty. I got a lot to talk about in this. I do. Lots, because it's, right on target baby. Make no one. That was puking dozing. Hey Greg, where are you? Here's the great. Oh, God. How could you have any self respect just saying that? That's what I would like to know. How could you look in the mirror? I don't like, I have a hard time doing it. Especially naked. No. If I'm on a stuck-out something, it's not going to be an oyster. 15, it's 5.50 WQM. I'm just spending, you know, usually play a comedy bit, whatever. I don't have time for that. In fact, I almost interrupted the middle of the commercial break, because George just told me something, gave me some news in the middle of that spot. It there was so exciting. And, you know, I haven't lost it. And, despite the fact that the audience is totally lost. I don't care about these idiotic colors. It's just like the fact machine. Now that the fact machine is in here, because you used to like, show 90% of them away. And all of that I see all of them, I realize the fact machine is like the phone. There's like five colors and three factors. And that's it. In all of this town, all the whole market. They're all the same people. And there's probably crossover, you know, two of the colors are also two of the three factors. That's right. So who the hell need these assholes? I mean, this is the most of it. This is the epitome of what I'm talking about. We just get a call. George gets a call from my good close friend, Dr. Doolittle. I mean, Dr. Mark, Patch Adams, who's going to be here tomorrow at noon. How do you like that? To take my blood. He's coming up here all the way from the beach. Coming over here with his needles and his drugs. And going to take my blood. You know, something is a good thing. God bless you, Dr. Doolittle, Dr. Mark. Because I'm concerned about my kidneys and about my liver and about my bacon and onions. I don't want to be like Walter Peyton running around. But I'm sweet quarters begging for a liver. You know, it's one thing to be begging for quarters on a street corner. It's another thing to be standing there with a cardboard science. And anybody got a liver like Jennifer says, which we don't, you know, All of these things. That's right. I don't want to have to do that. I'm a little bit concerned. This thing he was right every day. I feel a little bit better. And now that George got the chair straight now yesterday, I'm not sitting on my case keys, sliding off the chair like a kid in the height. I wasn't making that up yesterday either. I felt like a little child sitting in a height here that was tilted straight at the ground. Just unbelievably, but George came in here and bushed up this great chair that we got from our close personal friend that used to be a sponsor. But in any rate, remember him? He was an interesting guy. That was the only accounting atom that we're had an atom. So good guy. We got some good salespeople around here. Okay, it's easy to brow beat the salespeople. Anybody can do that. We got some salespeople at a one mentioned name. Who are real assholes? We got some sales management types. So I'd be on asshole. I mean, whatever is beyond asshole, they're it. But we got some good salespeople. We got John penis. Adam's a good guy. Brian does a good job. Who am I leaving out? Quick. Roy. Oh yeah, let's start. Roy. Well, he's a face man. He gives a good face. But he's a good guy. We like Roy Foster a lot. Darah. Darah's nice. She's very nice. Although. No, she's nice. I can't say anything. Now she's very nice. But and who else? Who really about? Oh, then there's a Todd Dreck. Yeah, like I said, nothing. He's good buddy with the fat boy. Would you have high? And then there's always Gary Sarner now. He's totally. We don't see him anymore, right? Like I said, I don't know if I'm feeling better. Thank God. Yes, so anyway, my dentist yesterday before I could back to a fat hank and that ass sucking job he did for 20 minutes yesterday on the boss's butt. You know, I'm at your Greg Reed head of calling sick this morning because he's got like a lot of money. I'm going to call some of his direct them from that suck job. Oh, in fact, the whole measly family probably had a call in get a note from the doctor today. Call again sick from the suction job. Jesus Christ. I don't that's one thing I've never been as an ask. I mean, if you do something nice for me, I'll be the first one to say. But like, you know, all I like South Alcoany with our water. And like our friend Joe, uh, Resolute with our office supplies. These are nice people who've been very nice to us. Our friend Murray, rest in peace from all you Arnold and Wayne himself. There's a lot of people. I'll tell you that they're great folks. They've been very nice to us over the years. But I mean, I'm just not an assucker. It's just not in my repertoire. In addition to which if I want tickets to some concert, you might go to the boss for tickets to a concert. No, now we'll admit that I did go to the boss. I did the as a last resort for a ticket for a hockey game, not for myself. But for a friend friends of a friend. And I could have gotten them from a river where we're going to got me a ticket. I could have gotten them with a lot of places. It's just that we happen to know they got this stuff laying around. And they were nice enough to do. I could have gone to my good friend Sam and got tickets for that hockey game. Sam is the man he takes care of me. I heard the Hank suck in his ass. Do yesterday. And then he needs to have the like poised. I mean, why not just say it, Hank? Don't put on a big act. You don't like Sam. He doesn't like you. Okay, standing right there now and he's going to give him the he's flipping your office. You're a fat tub. He doesn't like you. And you don't like him. Just because we work here to get, I don't just like Sam. I don't know Sam. I don't want to know Sam. I mean he's okay. He's, you know, kind of useless. But he's not a bad guy. And he's leaving. All right. I elect. Come on and sit down. Hey, come on. No, I don't think so. Sam, I'm going home. Where you going home? Sit down. No, I don't think so. I want to talk to Sam. Now he's all right. But I mean, seriously, if just like Monday, our first day in these new studios, they're per in the third floor. And we get our lunch from Chuck. So we're going to have a little some of our friend Chuck at the sub center. Now, see, there's another example. Chuck and E.C. They've been not just nice to us. They've been great to us since the first week we came on his station. They're right down the street. And we've helped their business go up dramatically. So he says they're right over there somewhere outside. How am I supposed to know now? I had bad enough even with windows before I had trouble with direction. Now you're expecting to point in the right direction. We don't have a window if we're totally like it. We are in two barren rooms walls walls with old marginal crappy equipment. That's where I agree with idea of creating a great state of the art broadcast facility. Barren rooms with a very marginal equipment. Although we do have this great new triple that car machine from 1903 and all three of them work. Now that we're not playing cards anymore. But anyway, Chuck is bringing us our food on Monday. And of course up here on the third floor, it ain't so easy. We're not going to have people drop it in off the street. You've got to have your key card. You've got to just to get in where we are now. You've got 72 different things you've got to go through. You've got to keep swiping it and swiping it and swiping it. No, seriously, even if you want to go out the hall here to take a... Or a... Or a scored score. To get back in here, you've got to have your key card. You've got to swipe it to get back in. And the card too. So Chuck stops at the front desk and Carlos is sitting out there. It was a very nice, so if not bizarre guy. Who's a very bizarre, if not nice guy. Send him back here and he gets on the intercom and says to George, Hey, at least he could get on the intercom and talk to you. We couldn't do it for the sports shows because they don't have a phone. An office phone. They don't have an office phone. Stop and think about that. Then we'll get back to Duflundee's desk. There are mosquitoes in Florida that are bigger than Duflundee's desk. Okay? There are pimples on your... Rectom that are bigger than Duflundee's desk. So Carlos picks up the intercom and says to George, Who pays for this? Who's bringing the money? The pay for the food. And we went, are you kidding us? Is that... It must be his idea. If it's just pretty good material, I bet. What times you show on Carlos? Funny you're in a crap to come up with that in a morning show on power. Pretty good stuff Carlos. Who's paying for it? Unlike some of the other shows in his son's station, We don't pay for it. And the food either. Don't be frustrated. No. What is wrong with you? What are you going to grow up? When you go to get yourself under control. Huh? But anyway, so the thing you've all... I'm looking at the radio and Hank was... First of all, I started by San Diego, How he was really in a crappy mood. He was feeling really busy. And then he said, maybe the reason he's bitching everybody out is because Neil came to the station. And I, you know, okay, that's amusing. Although let's say that. That would be like saying that maybe that reason nobody calls us on this show Because we follow the worst thing, you know? Of course not. What's that got to do with it? Work kick and ask. Nobody ever called this show. That's nothing. I've been doing this for a hundred years. But I can handle that. But then evidently, Greg Reed stuck his head in the door. Okay? Our general manager. Our stubbornly looking general manager, Who these days is wearing a real sloppy, bad looking, faggy, Roman haircut, you know, with a hair like over the fun of the forehead, but like, slightly looking. Real bad. Sloppy. And Hank says, Mr. Reed. And he proceeds to go it away. So I have never heard again going back to those Rolling Stones to get. Now, at that point, I almost stopped the car and pull out to the side of the road because I remember even before we started on the air here, I kept hearing these stories about the horrible tie raids and about all the problems that Greg was having with Hank and Duff was having with that. And there were 50 people in this building in here. As most of them guys, by the way. Because Hank had brow beaten them and just, and here because of a pair of Rolling Stones to get. And then he went on to talk about, who did he watch the concert with in the box? Did you hear this, Joe? The Beeslees. It was just Hank and the Beeslees at the Stone Cudder. And what a bunch of great guys they are and just down to earth. See down to earth doesn't mean you got to look like he crawled out of a dumpster. It doesn't mean you look like you slept in that $50 suit that you brought it off in Berke. But that's not down to earth. That's, you know, a swarming. Cheap is what they are. And then of course, you know, I don't want to mention the Joe Costello story about, don't even speak to me. Pretend you don't know me that. Because, you know, when you're, when you're one of those three dollar an hour guys, the big shots here don't have time for, you know. No, seriously, when you're a big superstar, you're seeing on television. You can't afford to be talking a little three dollar an hour guys like Joe Costello. That's not good. Not good for your image. What? So next time you see him sitting over there in the corner, don't bother him. Because you're not important to that. I mean, what's, how can anybody name drop? Hey, I was talking to Joe Costello yesterday and he said, you know, does anybody care about that? No. Although once you start, I think that could change once you start this Saturday with that awful, re racing jury going to be doing Saturday more. Don't forget Joe Costello starting the Saturday, Motorsports Saturday, six to seven o'clock every Saturday more. Then you'll be a star. Then maybe you can stop by briefly. Okay. And say, hi, you know, on Hammer and that's it. That's enough. Then move on like we just know each other casually, not that we know each other well and close. Huh? No, listen, I've held back for 14 months. I'm not holding back anymore. Are they okay? Hank and you nice check for Senator Juan. I gave him that burn steam book to try to help him with his diabetes. We've gotten along fine. He came in on my anniversary show, which, yeah, that was nice. But I was so disappointed yesterday. See because the one thing that I would like to work somewhere where I get some support. Some people with some balls. Some people who've got some cloud who, who support me. And I'm always out there on a limb. And what I said now, it turns out that I was right on target. The reason the things have evolved the way they have in this place is because of a bunch of spineless whims have sat back and allowed them to treat them this way with a bunch of half-assed crappy old equipment that doesn't work. Panned people whenever they're going to get around with their talent fees, whatever whatever they owe people. Oh, yes, yes, yes, master. Yes, master. Then over little far the master. So I can kiss your back. Come on. Bend down a little more, master. I thought that maybe I'd have an ally, you know. But what I got is you got it's only got the balls as far as picking on the little people. They're on anybody can do that. But to say that these are classy people down the earth, earthy. That's another word for cheap. What you could say, the French are earthy. They're cheap. Cheap. Oh, this is graceful. shameful. Shame on you, Hank. Shame on you. You're a list must be done. Dark brown. Oh, don't you work for the dolphins, Fudge Brown? Man. Make me realize that we're all alone out here. That's why we're the bad guys. We're the enemy. Although they like us when we get to free food, they like us a lot. All over the building, they love us. They're in here's sucking. Let's go. What an embarrassment. You're a great show, bro. What a mess. Sorry, that was a great show, bro. What a mess. What a mess, with you. You stink. Well, well, you fed him a girl a lot. After seven to two cities and four hours a night, Georgia tickets aboard, selling your hard-yers over shower. Yeah. Okay. And I'm gorgeous, the soup, pal. Blue, Irish Springsteen. It's the boss of the order and soup. Hey, buddy. Strong enough for a sweat here, all day. Good night, buddy. Good night, buddy. You're a springsteen. Now your world is netted like New Jersey and Emma. Here, Dustin, 1032 at 560 WCM is in a rock and roll hall of Fandell for a springsteen. Oh, thanks, but nevertheless, hey, they got bad taste. Just like your buddy Billy Joel. Why, he makes me nauseous. But anyway, getting back to this, hey, let's hear all these calls about St. Patty's day. I want to talk about, come on. I'm not going to take your calls yet, but get on the phone. Huh? We have a few calls in there, but they didn't hang on because obviously I don't want any calls yet. I made that take any all day because I'm on a roll now. These are the kind of shows I find very entertaining. Maybe the audience doesn't, but I sure do. George does. In fact, that much everybody in this building is like, I've actually the monitors who have so loud the speakers are vibrating all over this building right now. So you may be on the same floor now, but we understand we're still in a vacuum on this radio station. We know that it's a sports bag station. We understand that, which is why we're talking about some stupid tennis tournament this week. And likely it was some stupid golf tournament. I mean, you know, this is, is crap is what it is. Everybody would have brain knows that. Like the guy that calls a couple of days ago, a very young floor indicator team. Click millions of dials are changing right now at that moment. You can hear it all over town. You hear that big blast. Somebody thinks it was a nuclear explosion. No, everybody race for their dial. Just is that it is a boring terminal color. A very young floor indicator team. Yeah, you're boring sir. Boring. Yeah. Boring. Just like those chronics. We had a lot of me yesterday to apologize for that. It's been a really bad week as far as calls in our brand new studios here with our new phone system, which we never got by the way. That was another, easily read lie. Yeah. Oh yeah. The response of a new phone system once we moved up here in the third forward. Do we get it? No. Same crappy phone we had on the floor on the second floor. Same piece of crap. And like I said, these people that put up in the with that old building for all I and all those lies all that time see when they weren't going to build us a studio here as they promised a little over a year ago. We threatened to take him to court to sue their ass. And all of a sudden we had a studio down there on the third floor. I said, whatever whatever for that was the 85 floor. That's right because we threatened to sue their ass. But these people here. Okay. If you want to work with this crappy old stuff for the rest of our lives. Well, we don't like it. And it's rat and fast and bug and fast. And by blah blah blah blah. But whatever you say, yes, yes, yes. And I come over here thinking, well, hey, maybe I'll be like the ring leader. Okay. Get some other people to join along and protest to this disgusting anti human way. And we'll build new studios up here on the third floor for Power 96. I'm going to tell you something. But even in outer space they never saw stuff like what they got over there. Space age, even Howard never saw a studio like they got. Am I right? State of the art. In fact, even the whatever is state of the art is beyond. It's 100 light years ahead of state of the art. That's what they got in Power 96. Plus all the billboards and the bus signs and the TV spot. Billions and dollars of promotion plus of course given all the money we're in here to buy the audience. To buy old little Julios. And Julio, they got to see they got all the, you know, that's one thing. We don't have one young Cuban woman. I listened to this show. Not one. What does that tell you? That tells you if you're willing to pay the right price, they're willing to do whatever you want. That's why they listen to Power 96. Certainly their taste can't be that bad. Could it? No. They got better taste than the crappy music they're playing over there. And the current was told me in the hall yesterday. He said we buy our audience. I said, yeah, we know that. And we resent it bitterly because you're on the A and we get, we get direct. We get tossed away as we get this cards. Let's see if we got one young Cuban woman under the age of like let's say 35. That's pretty young for our crowd as far as two women. Let's see if there's one. Come on, just this is just a test. 560, 50560 on a mobile one line. I guarantee it that I can give that number out from now until week from circus. There wouldn't be one call because we had no young Cuban women. Not that we really care towards what likes them. You'd like like a whole baby of mine up at the door, especially if they got a big shape leg. Correct. But don't they all? Huh? And they were all where that like excessive jewelry and too much makeup. And talk like a Lucy Ricardo. See that? Nothing. The phone is as dead as the door nail. We don't have one. Now you Cuban guys, we got we don't want to talk to them. They're a waste of our time. But Cuban women. Oh, by the way, speaking of that, we'd like you to that pass it away to men. QAM Cuban line. Good money. I want to send a fan. How are you? See what I'm saying? I made myself very clear and deny. I'm not ready for you other bozos. I'm talking about young Cuban women right now. On to the age of 100. 567. SYNCHOS, say C. At day. Huh? We have to give them a whole thing in S.B. You know what? 567.0560. Pound 560 on a mobile one line. If there's a Cuban woman. QAM, Cuban line. Hello. Are you Cuban? Hmm. Kind of. You have a married Cuban husband? You have a little Cuban in you? Yes. But you're not Cuban. Where are you from? Columbia. No, get out of here. Why are you answering those? I'll take these. I want to get this done here right away. I want to see if we have a Cuban young woman. What is there one on here? On seven. Sounds like one. Hola. Hello. Yes, man. Who says? This is me. Is this you? Yes. This is Neil. Neil, Roy, yes. Are you a young Cuban lady? Yes, I am. Oh, God. I can't believe it. And the phone is like a Hanukkah bush. You see? You always get what you ask for. That's what you think. That's not what an implication. Now, you listen to Power 96. No, I love you. Oh, God. I love you. If I were so inclined, I'd like to wish you off your way wherever you're sitting right now. And take you off in the sunset. I can't listen to that boom, boom music. There you go. God bless you. We don't have a great day. Happy St. Patrick's Day. Thank you, too. Bye. Bye. How do you like that? She doesn't have much of a hole yet. So I know like I said, we love our young Cuban women. Don't answer those. We believe you. Just say goodbye. Get out of here. I don't know how many people on there now. Look at that. Take some numbers, George. Maybe maybe we can give them out on the ear. Maybe that's what we'll do. We'll fix guys up the can't get laid. Because those young Cuban women may not tell you. They're ready. You got some money, some credit cards. Not hard. This clothes. That's right. It's a nice jewelry. So they can go out there on top of each. Wait till I get to the paragraph about South Beach and this command. Oh, but I am going to read the other thing and get about the glory holes. Because one thing I told George is before and I think he kind of resented. But he knows it's true and it's hard. He knows it's true. It is true. About that. About straight people being peria. No, no, seriously. I don't want to say that us bags are smarter than anybody else. But it's just amazing that so many straight people are just so sheltered. Maybe it's an act. Maybe if they pretend they understand what some of these things are about. I like like what's that glory hole? I never heard what is that. These are the same people by the way that are running up to Grace Land to see how Elvis is doing. The same asshole. So sheltered. You know, you've got to get with it. You've got to get with the life. Well, that means even if some of these things are disgusting and gross. They're no more disgusting and gross than some of the stuff you guys are doing. Okay. Like that week we had about anal sex. Correct. That's all they wanted. There would be straight guy in his town. Oh, yeah. We love that. That's a brown eye baby. Brown eye girl brown eye. Anything with a brown eye. We love it. We want it. They wanted it. Yeah. We're perverted. But you guys, you're normal. Right. You're. Yeah. 21 before 11. It's 5.60. WQAM. Got him feeling better today. Thank God. Now I feel better because Dr. Mark is coming tomorrow. I do little. Thank God for him. I love you Mark. You're the only one that's going to save my life because those papers up at Cleveland clinic. They don't give a crap about me. They got all those old people to say first. You want to go in and see people all over the edge of 100. Go up to any of the waiting rooms at the Cleveland clinic. I'm not sure. They're nice to me in there. Believe me. They're very nice. I appreciate that. I may need them again someday. God. I mean, talk about. And when you walk into the room, you look around and you say, why are you wasting your time here? What's the point? Why bother, you know? I know what I'm talking about. Thank you. What's real bad for? Yes, but Chase real good. Yeah. What's into the excess energy to drive mom crazy? So what breakfast cereal will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping? Snuggers, talkers. Snuggers, talkers. Snuggers. Snuggers. Soon, super, sugarcoded sugars are little bits of raw cane to drenched in honey and coated with powdered sugar. Glucose, fruit toast, corn syrup and other natural sweeteners. And then, that's right, sugarcoded sugar. Right. But there's no yetty vitamins or minerals to spoil your blood. Yeah. How does it make you feel? Like I'm vibrating. I'm not a pretzel, I'm a pretzel. Yeah. It's like fire. I'm a pretzel. And mom's a raw sugarjacked stew because inside everybody, there's a free bottle of new Flintstones, durable valley of. So why? And two for sugarcoded sugarcoded land. From your friend at irresponsible food. 145 at 5. 16. WQ. What's the talk to some of these ladies who held on a camp? There's a lady mobile in Miami, hello? Yes. Hi. I'm a young Cuban woman. Well, some are young. 30. And I'm also a yellow-vitter lady. You're what? Yellow-vitter lady from the pantergain. Oh, yeah. Yellow-vitter lady, right. How you doing? Really good. How about you? I want to let you know. I'm listening. God bless you, sweetheart. Okay. Take care. See you at the old Macarena. Okay. Bye. The elevator. I'll tell you. You know my friend Sylvia was right here with the long fingernails. The turnpike toolplash out there. She is. I love you, Sylvia. She doesn't have a radio out there. Every day on the way home. She doesn't work every day. So why I'm talking about the, the boots right by a pee-pee stadium. You know, on the way back to the turnpike tool back up north. To go home. But today's the cheese working. It puts a big smile on my post when I go through there and handle the 50 cents. And with her little broken accent, she's the best Sylvia. You're a sweetheart, honey. I love you. See there's some nice people in this town. Not too many about 50 of us. But there are some of us who are okay. Love Sylvia. Here's a lady in Weston. Hello. Lady in Weston. Hello. Yes, ma'am. How are you? Great. How you be. What's up, you've been lady. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. This is a shock. I could, seriously. I would have been a lot of Georgia's money that we wouldn't have gotten one call. Well, yes, we do. And you look happy. I'm so lucky to see you every morning. Really? Yes. Yeah. I don't because I'm at work, but my house will let's just see you. Well, that's good enough for us. Thanks, sweetheart. You're welcome. Happy year, same patty's day. Same to you. Bye-bye. So anybody called you at about 10 p.m. Why they get drunk on this day? No. Money's not a hallallah. How's that? Why is this day any different from any other day? Here's a lady in high allia. Hello. Good morning, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Hi, this is 36 year old Cuban woman. Oh, my God. I just wanted to call and say hi. Now listen, I got asked you one question. You listen to the other parts of the radio station. You listen to the morning theme. What's the worst name? Well, it may be my fiance Roger. He listens to you every day. Right. And I listen to maybe every two cents or say. Well, that's a good start. You kind of kind of ease into it. Yes. Okay, thanks. Have a great day. How do you like that? That's enough of that. That's boring. Oh, sure. They're very nice. They're out there. Because I got to have some time here to talk about dust desk. About that suction job they went on. Well, let me see this. I met one of the bees. I can't really figure out one from the other. Because they all smell. I mean, they all look the same pretty much. And maybe they're very nice people. I don't know. They were in fact that was after the first rating book came out when we first started the year here by the year ago. And they went out of the way. They didn't have to do that. But to the one guy he came in and thanked me profusely for what I've done for the station and the great ratings and all the money I'm bringing it. It was very nice. And I thought that was a classy thing to do. Now, he did look pretty sloppy. Huh? Maybe he maybe his hotel was full. Maybe his reservation was missed. And I'd be for, you know, he just committed town. Maybe he had a sleep under 395. You know, there's a lot of people sleep out there. Maybe he was hanging out with the locals under the overpass or over the underpass. Huh? Could have been. He looked like he slept in the suit. And he looked like he just bought it at goodwill. But other than that, he seemed like a pretty decent guy. So maybe they're nice people. But that's not really relevant. Greg Reed is a nice guy. I've always said he's not a bad guy. But he had when it comes to the business he's a zero. They give us nothing. Oh, you want to, you want to 800 number? Oh, well, no. That cost money. You want a real desk for the program director? No. You want to like an office phone for the sports nerds up there that are on 20 hours a day? No. That cost money. You want more water for the office. So people up there are here on the third floor. Now you want them to be able to drink his moment out rationing it with the water. No. Can't do that. It costs money. You know what we got to do. We got to start to ingratiate ourselves since we've already done it with the food. We ought to start putting bottles of solely water out in the hallway. Just on the floor out there. And see how fast those get go. Huh? I mean, that's already been going. If we've had some people, we don't want them out today. Because we like them. Or we wouldn't have shared. Maybe we could get a cooler. Someone's a donated cooler for the, uh, for the, we can get whatever we want. Free. You don't pay for it on this show? Not that I haven't in the past. But that's a long time ago in different, in different days gone by. Now we don't pay for it on this show. It's a meal? Free. It's a, it's the South Florida, F in way. You know that. If I, if the one thing you don't learn after being here as long as I have it, how to be a good Schnorke and get everything in the world for free. Then what the hell have you learned? How much cloud could you possibly have? Have in the beg for something. When the back door boys were here, remember our good friend Woody Graber. Got me that pneumonia outside awful place. I don't want to mention that the amphitheater up there, the cruel sky and Palm Beach County. Cause you'll get upset again. What a toilet that is. But we got free tickets. Had the guys on the show. That was for free. I wouldn't pay them. But it anyway. Whatever it is we want. So water we get that. Our good buddy, South Alcone, a great guy. We want olive oil. We want a meal. We got a choice. We don't have just, and how long did that take us? When we first started at first December 30th, and we're thinking on here out loud about, Well, we're not in the best neighborhood. And since we're not all that much into jerk chicken and just maybe a little jerk pork I might be into, but not jerk chicken, you know. And right off to bat, here was our buddy Chuck from day one at the sub center. And not to see it's one thing if you get cracked for free. But when it's good stuff and you get it for free, then you go, I'll, then you really accomplishing something. Anybody can get sloppy, you know. Although around here I guess they're not even good at getting sloppy free. They got a pay for it. So if we want to not get a water cooler up here, we can do that. No, and in a heartbeat. If I can get my doctor to come here and take blood on during the show again for the second time He's done this now. And this is a busy guy. Doctor Redool, he's a busy guy. He's busy being a big shot with the doctors with the organizations around the state. He's, I mean, he's well intention guy. He means well. He doesn't do much, but he's a good guy. He really cares about me. You'd never know it, but he really care and he's going to be here tomorrow. Now that's not, now that will not be for free by the way. I should retract it. Like I said, it's going to cost the arm and legs, but he's coming to me. How many other people have their doctor like in the old days come to them anymore? Anybody out there do that? No. They won't come to you. You got to go there and sit in those sterile offices that kind of look like these two rooms that George and I are in right now. I was telling George at this morning. The Greg Reed with, I remember that they came to me a few weeks ago after they had first belated leader in that awful, super bowl week. Remember all the crap we went through. And they finally got into those rooms over here on the other side of the hallway, which are big and sterile. None of the good stuff they got at the power ninety six. Same crappy equipment that they had out in the awful building on Sheridan Street. Same old wreck. Which is why the move was as it was as unprofessional and as bungaliness was because if they were building new studios with all the equipment in it, they could left the old one one day, go on to the new one the next day, and be ready to rock and roll. But no, they had to have all this crossover time because they were moving the same old crappy equipment. They outdid it direct from the other place in a disbuilding. That would be like buying the Versace mansion and putting a bunch of old youth furniture in there from good will. Right? That's a good analogy. That would be like buying the Taj Mahal and putting in furniture there from our little red old jewelry. You know, Aaron Rins. Well, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I love Aaron Rins. And that one of our spots? I don't know, I think maybe it is. We do like them a lot. Are you staying on uncle named Aaron? Mugsie. Okay, but anyway, he was there and saw and before I get into the good stuff here by dust desk to some really got a rule. What to tell you about our good friend Mark Benson? Okay, who called on the show a few days ago? He's an asshole on behalf of Henry Burrell. See that's another thing. I'm not one of those people that sucks up to people on the phone or in person and then rips and behind a back. Remember when he called and I said what an asshole he was right to his face and he is. And he thought he was going to suck around because you know, he was, I don't play that game. If I think you've been asked, I'll tell you to your face on the phone, whatever or behind your back. All three of the above, not just one of the three. So anyway, this Mark Benson calls in who somehow has managed to be Henry Burrell's side kick, ageu whatever he is. And by the way, everybody over there, why see as the same opinion about him? He's an asshole. So during the call during the course of that long time, he was called and I apologize for keeping him on that long. During the course of the call, he said, oh, yeah, well, you know, the ratings that just came out on Henry show and our show on Waxy. Some pretty interesting numbers there and these ratings that just came out. Well, the ratings that just came out, the trends from arbitrage just came out a few days before that awful call. I thought well, I'll give it a look. I've got him at home. So last night, a both of inspiration struck me. I thought, I was just sitting over there in a coffee table. I'm going to pick up those trends and take a look and maybe you can re end your good friend Roger. Maggie, Maggie, maybe they actually went up in the morning. Did they go up? Wait, did you hear this? I picked out, because you know, some people pick and choose, you know, this demographic we did great. Pick me is under 25 years old. We did good, who the old women like we're doing here? So I picked all the demographics that we got. Persons 12 plus, that's the total audience. Lacksy in the morning, that's the Henry Barrow Roger McElens show went from a zero point nine to a zero point four. Woo! Zero point four. That's like, that means barely on the air. Do you think somebody stabbed her in the back? Okay. Then many team plus, six to 10 a.m. they went from a zero point eight to a zero point three. Okay. These are those interesting numbers you were talking about right Mark Benchett is that these are one. Uh-huh. They're interesting, all right. Persons 25 to 54. That's the great demo that all the advertisers want. This is the heart, the meat and potatoes of our broadcast industry. Six to 10 a.m. 2554 person from a zero point four to a zero point one. I'll point one and you're asking yourself, what's the point of even turning on the transmitter for a point one? You know, they could put our farting sounds on for four hours in a morning where they're in do better than a point one. I'll even loan them the farting sound. How about a Henry? What do you say? Uh-huh. Okay. And women 18 plus because you figure while we're near a used to have you know, women listening if anybody's going to listen to that way they got to Sandy on it. Oh my god. He looks just as slowly as he did yesterday. I want to thought yesterday after what I said, huh? I don't say it because I don't like you. You were a good guy. You're like, you know, been very nice to me. But you look, you say, you know, looking at the mirror. Don't you have a mirror like Bella Legosi, Greg? The 90s. Oh, you know something. I think he did straight his hair out and then when he walked in and Hank sucked his butt the other day. I think it blew his hair all out of shape. How did you? I mean, were you really buying that? Were you really believing it? All the conflicts that you've had with a fat man, were you really, he's saying, she didn't know. Beaver's like, no, he's getting like salute our Italian salute. Oh, that's an Irish salute. He said, have he said, Patrice, that ain't. That's what he said. He said, no, he didn't believe. And so he said, by the way, the beeswaves didn't like you there. No, that's just a joke. He didn't say it. They're classy, guys. They just have sloppy dresses like Greg. No, it's a nice salute. You're right. The salute from the neck down. You look beautiful today. You're impeccable from the chin up. You know, they're here. What are we going to do? What is it? Get it. Call Charles Alfie or you can't help this man. I'm beyond hell. I'm an old fart. Okay? But you're a general manager. You're looking executive. You know, you go to those big meetings. You go to the courtroom for those big lawsuits with the way. That's stuff. You should look presentable. Before I started working here, people used to say, what happened to Greg? And of course, I never knew him before. How would I know what happened? And they say he used to be so classy looking. Now it looks like his head like it's the hair. It's the hair. Do something with it. You get in that Jeff Rimmer. In fact, talk to Rimmer. He'll teach you how to grease it back. Like the four here. He's got to look. He'll teach you how to slick it back. And we'll look at Greg and be like, well, we got to slick boss here. What? This is my third tri-foc. I'm gonna hang up that before this courting. You're really like it, but I'm really guilty. And then I'll go downtown with what's up there, Greg. Everyone's happy, but no one marching his game. I'm gonna keep on drinking beer that's good. I'll drink a drink of blood. What I'll be in. We are all Irish with same tattoo days here. So we put a deal, hate dealing this entry beer. Not gonna be out there, there's a whole lot of green. Yeah, I'm gonna be out there. He's in your old house. Okay, it's 10, I love it. Oh, three, five, 60 WCM. Greg Reed was just in here promising to want him to hear. Okay, and I got to need a better news for you to show you who's got the clot in this place. We got a water cooler coming. Oh, let's take about 10 minutes. See, that's the one skill. Maybe I'll have a fat or a fat, whatever I am. Okay, which is all true. But you know something, the one skill that I've acquired over the years when you've got some clot when you mean something. When you're not just blustering a bunch of, you know, when you're not just blowing smoke, if anybody can do. When you're produced, when you come up with a good, that's what it's all about. You know, just like we went to Vegas. We didn't just talk about doing the trip to Vegas. We did a trip. We did three trips to Vegas, and yes, they took years off our lives, and we had all kinds of problems, and Bob Lincoln is still bringing me those travel books. We just still a good guy. Oh, wait till I tell him, I'm not gonna tell anybody about this new deal I got with Bob. Let's not deal with him, but that he helped to hook me up with this forest line over the pond. Oh, this could be spectacular. I love you, Bob Lincoln, and Spider Vegas, okay. Even the Panthers are singing Viva Las Vegas. They're singing a little better than you saying, Bob. Yeah, I feel much better than I have last two days, physically and mentally and emotionally, because I'm not, you know, I got to turn over newly if it's St. Patrick's Day, I'm not holding anything back anymore. I'll let them all out. You know, if you're gonna act like a jackass, I'm gonna call you right here on the ear, okay? And I like Hank. You know, what's not to like? Hank is like all of us in a business. A little strange. He's got his updates, his down days, his manic days. I like Hank. I don't have a problem, but that thing he did yesterday, I was just crushed by it. Do you think he was really serious when he was under sucking their ass for a couple of rolling stones tickets? I mean, if he went to see somebody good. Somebody that was still alive that was performing that was somebody that was good. Then maybe, I still would have been embarrassed, but maybe I could have handled a little bit better. But to go see a geriatric rock group that hasn't had a correct note in 15 years on stage, that you would lower yourself to that level, the kiss this man's butt, and the beeslees, every day from the day, until the day they moved out of that other building on Sheridan Street, every single day of my life. I heard about the red, infested, bug infested toilet and the crappy equipment and no exterminator. And all of those things were true. Every single one of those things were absolutely true. All of these things. I thought, well, thank God, at least I got one ally that's not a wimp of an asker. Okay? I know the guys in the morning show, default, he just doesn't make any waves. Okay? He's, I like default. He's a good guy. But he's not the kind of guy that's going to make any waves. He needs the job. You know, cost a lot of money with those messy divorces. He needs the job in the morning. Joe, I don't know Joe, Joe's got a big head. He's got the TV job. Joe's a good guy, Joe, we're the little dog. He's a good guy. He just keeps his nose clean. Although it does seem to me, if my memory isn't slipping. Remember, in the, for I would say, in the first six months we were on a station, Joe Rose was always the guy. I mean, Hank got suspended like two summers ago, which I think that was, I take Hank's shot on it. That was bullcrap. That was because of the water Nazi and the sales, that was a bunch of bullcrap. Okay? So he did abuse him a little bit. You know, he browbed him a little. We ought to be used to that. We got a lot of suits going on this place. But Joe is always the one getting suspended, remember? And, of course, in this place, it's kind of like, you don't know whether it's believe it or not. The boy who cried Wilson Drunk is he on vacation. Was he really getting suspended? Did he decide to take the day off and play golf one day? You know, well, I mean, nobody really knew for sure. So he seemed to be kind of like peck her a peck's little bad boy. The little dog. And then, of course, guilty. And Gordon Marlin Brando said about Prado and the godfather off. Prado, huh? You know, that's what you say about guilty. You know, he just struck your shoulder. You know, what are you going to say about him? Like, he's got some balls like he's going to start off. No. You don't look to it for him to be an ally. You just look for him to be on the road a lot with a hockey team. Like he is right now. Oh, by the way, we got the Hank is going to be. Where's he going to be today? Hank is going to be at the, uh, all four-laut of the stadium. Because they got that, uh, the Marlin's at the Royal tonight at 6.50. So Hank will be doing this you out there. Blue will be doing this show. Show from 6 to 6.50. Well, I sure hope the two of them leave some, uh, because food at the concessions for everybody else. Marlin's at the Royal's and then at, uh, right after that game, the Panthers at San Jose, the 10 o'clock tonight. I don't know the West Coast. Big trip for the Panthers. After that trip to Vegas, which a lot of people are making a big deal about what? Why does anybody care about that? They're entitled. I mean, I think they should have kept Robbie, need him around. Greg Reed was just telling me about how the crowd blew the hell out of Robbie when he missed the empty net from 8 feet away at the end of that Tampa game, the other thing. But he had a chance to sew the game up. Which I did see the highlight and I read about it, but I wasn't aware of the fact that the crowd is really been on him like stink on crap, you know. And I say to this, ah, and it's about time that David J. Neil and Michael Russo stop going to him for quotes talking about how the rest of the team, the team's got to do this. Stop talking about what everybody else has got to do, Robbie, you're making it like two and a half million dollars a year. How about doing something yourself once in a while? And yeah, he did score the only goal in the game, but I could have scored from there. Okay, on that pass. But Jesus Christ Almighty, I mean, the butcher up and do something, Mr. All talk no cash, kind of like this place. So Greg's going to have to get a haircut. Now you got to admit, he looks ridiculous with his hit doesn't he? With his hair like that, come on, you can say it. You're going to be doing this show some days. I don't think straight men should wear that haircut. There you go. What did I say? It looks like a faggy Roman hair can I know he and his family loved Italy. I told them they would and they did. They loved Rome. They loved all Italy. Plain trip back wasn't too good, but nevertheless. But just because you like Italy, you don't come back with that mark into the faggy, even Luis Miguel got rid of that, okay? In fact, you do remember after Luis Miguel had that haircut as when he started dating all these women's abos of the holidays. Yeah, all these engagements. I would be surprised if he looks for the glory as step on pretty soon Luis. After we then was only when he fell he had a butcher up as image a little bit after that haircut. You won't see Ricky Martin walking around with that haircut. No, of course we all know about Ricky Martin. Oh, and guess what? Oh, the tabloids. Madonna was all over Ricky Martin at the Grammys. Like there's something going to come out of that. Yeah. Anyway, oh, I am so you know something if I ever get back to feeling normal. I'm going to be dangerous. I've been sick for three months. You don't know that. All these people think I come on here just to build it. I don't want to be sick. I want to feel like a human being. I was going to say I want to feel like me. No, I want to feel like Brandon, Brandon Barmer. Well, wait to see how we're going to decorate this studio by the way. Talk about a gay sports club. We wait to see how I'm going to because we got Baron Walls. It looks very, uh, uh, sterile in these two rooms, but you wait till the end of next week. It's going to be beautiful. It's incredible to me. Incredible. I think the secret is the world. I'm gonna feel great. It's what some cream closed on. You're looking for morey holes. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna be stupid there because I'm gonna hang up at the bar. It's for me. I don't really like it, but I feel like I'm just being. Yeah, man, I'm gonna have to do what's supposed to be great. Yeah, everyone has this, but no one marching is gaming. I'm gonna keep on drinking beer that's good. I'll drink until the truth is what I'm feeling. We are all Irish with Saint Patrick Day here. So in potato, hate the English, and drink beer. I'm on a beer, early early early early early early three. Yeah, I'm going to drink beer. It works in the lotion in the frasks. Happy Saint Patty's Day. From all of your Jewish parents here at 5.60, W.D. Kim were still waiting for somebody to explain to us why we have Saint Patrick's Day and what it's all about. Is it about the four leaf plovers you think? No. Is it about corn beef and cabbage? No. Potatoes, potato famine? No. Is it about all those snakes? No. Is it about the Irish Killing each other in the Northern Ireland? Yeah. That's what it's all about. Is that gonna stop anytime soon? Yeah. Like the herbs in the Jews Killing each other in the Middle East? Is that ever gonna stop? No. So that's what we're having to party about. Let's have a big parade because the Irish who over here are still alive. As opposed to the ones that keep dropping La Bomba in Northern Ireland. Everyone have anything to do with religion. Yeah. So when I get back and don't let me forget because the big topic of the day today is dust desk. Thank you, George. George give me a great topic today. Oh, sure. I mentioned that to him and Greg was in here. See, one of the first about me. I'm not gonna ask because you're okay. Well, you saw when Greg popped his head into the right seat. He just still looked like crap when he's gonna get that haircut. I don't kiss the bosses, ass. You know, and like I said, he's a good guy. He means well. You know, a little bit slow, but he means well. There's nothing about this business, but he means well. He unfortunately is the victim of a lot of naked pictures around ability. He can't help that. By the way, now that I have those, my past key, you know, to get up here. I may be thinking in the building about two in a morning someday, like on a weekend. Wife linked to the various drawers around and find out who's got the various naked pictures. Is if I don't already know where to start looking. You know what I'm talking about? Roy. Oh, no, he's just the face guy. He's in the pictures. Yeah, he's in the pictures. Oh, and Greg? I don't think so. So anyway, I do have to, I got to read a couple of things to you from this great book. And you know, something even if he didn't care about Andrew Koonan and or Gianni Versauch, he which I never heard of before we got off the herd of his clothing line. I never heard of him. And still couldn't care less. But this book by Moring Oath. It's pretty interesting, especially when you get into the last tour of it or so when it starts to you with a Versauchy thing and all the stuff on South Beach and all the parts of it here with him and how the mommy hurled screwed the story all up. And my good close friend, Giel Mato, Bright is even mentioned in this story. How about how she was ahead of the cops? And I read pickup truck that Koonan and stole from the caretaker he shot in Jersey. Even Giel Mato, Bright headed spotted there, parking that parking garage down there on South Beach. While the cops were still trying to figure out what happened to those 3000 leaflets that were sitting in the back of that FBI guy's car that never got passed out. And the girl was blowing the story because they had pissed off the beach police and they weren't given a many information. That's pretty interesting for those of us who have to live here. But yesterday I read a passage from page 93 and here I just, I don't think it's sunk in. And I read it again because every time I read this I actually wet my pants, squirt squirt. I really do. Especially in Moring's, I don't understand these things. Or at least they pretend they don't understand. And I will say this if we had unisex toilets. I can assure you that the head of the sexual community would not only understand glory holes, they would be experts at glory holes. Air me straight man in America would be walking around with a power drill attached to his hip. Huh? With a power tool attached to his side. I was thinking maybe Moring thinks that maybe she's married to Tim Ruster and they only do it in the dark because he would turn the lights on if you're married to him. Maybe she thinks that a guy's penis is attached to his foot. Huh? Because that's the only way she could have written this thing. Well listen to what again. Okay. See you figure it out. Barely large enough to accommodate a man's finger. Once time is the best time to visit it. Stephen Zeeland writes this in the article Killer Queen published in Seattle's gay magazine The Stranger. Holds like this are known as glory holes. Oh my God. In 1995 Zeeland says he told Jay Buckman about this especially beautiful man he'd seen their three times. The guy was shy and only once briefly that he kneeled down and accordance with the prevailing etiquette etiquette. Stick his penis under the stall. Most of the time we just watched these other through the hole or took turns sticking our pinkies through it. Touching just barely the tips of each other's penis is Zeeland learned to identify the man by the cartoon mouse tattooed on his ankle. So seriously maybe more in orthalies that your penis is attached to your foot. Huh? Because otherwise how could you put it under under the stall? Maybe it's attached to your toe. Just maybe let that sink in for a little while. But now comes to the here's the even more provocative part. Maybe I'll read a page a day from this book on here. Just a few a couple of short paragraphs. Page three oh three. This is this is good stuff. Because this bears out exactly what I've been saying. Not that I need any you know reinforcements. I will be nice to have some reinforcements around this place but I'm not getting any. But at any rate let's see was another gay club perigonded one night Versace spot a day. Well this it goes out about Versace in what a flaming how he was picking up all these young guys. He had this guy procuring for them. It was another gay club perigonded one night Versace spot a day go go boy dressed as an angel and began to beckon to him. At first the go go dancer said get away old man. I've heard that. Then Versace put it was chest and mouth Versace the boy hopped down from the stage. Versace even used to employ a door man from the Warsaw Jamie Cardona to be his procurer. Cardona would take boy to the back door of Casa Casarina which was the Versace mansion to be auditioned. Versace is central to the mythification of this place says professor Ralph Heinlez a gay Belgian who teaches French history and literature at the University of Miami and lives in South Beach. All these models look Latin he said that was his preferred type Versace Cuban boys. South Beach is the Latin gay capital of the world. So many boys from all over South America are dreaming to get to the USA so they jump on a plane and all of a sudden one Versace you were another will adopt them and in that sense it is much more than Hollywood. For young boys it is much more alluring than Hollywood. Time Austin says the whole point of South Beach is sex. Never has there been such an accumulation of sex money or sex for free in history. Plus of course the drug's vizical is on about. One's priority says Heinlez are based on desire. Desire renders you more vulnerable. This country the US is always about organizing around your work. On South Beach gay culture is driven by desire in the immediate sense. Dana Keith former Versace fitting model not concierge at hotel after favored by the hip and the Hollywood. Explain to the scene by saying what is the vibe of the room? What is the level of the drugs? How many cute guys are there? It's a pretty mixed up sense of priorities but on South Beach that's the way it is. The cycle of the dominant South Beach culture is this. A go to the gym. B go to the beach in time for the evening. C go to the clubs and D trip on X to C with friends who are successfully completed. A B and C. They're by establishing oneself in an untouchable circle of gods. Soft beaches. The Latin gay capital of the world boys and girls. What do you like that? And I didn't make that up Marine or says that. People fact in the church. FNA baby. We just made that up. That's when we get back to dust desk. Huh? South Beach. What do I tell you about South Beach man? Drugs and fags. That's what it's all about. It's a geek club you moron. Right. And a lot of people by the way doing unprotected sex. Lots and lots and lots of HIV and South Beach. You want to come up with like a surprise. And of course when you're on X to C you kind of like you know. Takes away your inhibitions and your common sense and you know any sense of precaution. And so there's a lot of people spreading it so to speak on South Beach and to these two. They're spreading it back to them. So getting back to dust desk. Well let's take a call or two first because that's going to take quite a while. No, there's some very heavy symbolism in that. It's kind of like a like a penis thing. Yeah. It's the way culture looks at this whole like penis size. You know like they always in it. Maybe that's why there's so many white guys who love the NBA. Because maybe they think that all those seven foot marches are really hung like this stereotype. And I got news for a zo tool me. Don't believe it for a second. Pat Riley. The day that he called in the show, he said, Most of my players are hung like a mouse. Especially the dark ones. Here's a mobile and color range. Chilla. Chupa. Nice. That's that. Okay. See there you go. He must be hand on South Beach. What does he do to Chupa? He was saying suck a little chocolate salty ball. Or chuck on my chocolate. No, I don't think so. Go down to South Beach. You'll find some customers. Here's Holly. Would. Neil. Yes sir. You see the Pope as these two and all recordings now. You singing. Okay. Here's see. There's the alms. Let's just see if there's any of these that are worthwhile. Here's coral geobals. Okay. Must have known with two or their. Here's the last one. Poppin. Hello. Neil. Good afternoon. Good evening. Why is everybody sick? Good afternoon. We're doing that yesterday too. Both calls. Drock 35 goals. He's not good enough for the Panthers though. But why are you repeating something I've been saying for three years? I mean it's easy to say it now. How come you're repeating it now that he's got 35 goals in another. He got two more than yogurt. Yeah. I know that. I know that's your watch. The penguin game last night with Dallas. The two two tie watched every minute of it. Did you see it? Yeah. And struck a sport as ball right in front of the spot. It was a beautiful thing. It was great. It was there. And the pass he made to you. Y'all knew it was unbelievable. That kind of like behind the back pass around the net. It's phenomenal. It's got. I've heard. It's got. Nobody will listen to me. Okay. Including Doug McClain. Who's too busy trying to be a sit down comedian and all the. You know on the CBC. Was he got an appointment for a haircut as I was telling. Okay. Greg Reed made an appointment for a haircut. All right. See, we got the water coming in. We got Greg's get the serious thing. Now leave it to me. Do you want to get something done? Turn it up. Don't look to these other fakers. Did you think done? Look to me. I'll get it done for you. I would even be surprised to get stuff a desk. We've got the end of the week. You know what I'm going to tell you something. Just like I had it with a satellite dish. I'm going to embarrass them. If I have to buy the program director with desk. And I don't know him anything. He's a good guy. But he deserves better than that. He deserves because it's the meaning. It's a message. It's like saying you're like, you know, even when paying a pretty decent amount of money stuff, we're not really sure why. But nevertheless, it's the meaning for a man with a title of program director and they supposedly made your market hot shots sports station like this, especially with this show on it. See, I don't want to work on a risk. I don't want the Neil Rodger show to be on a radio station where I program director has got a desk. That looks like a tinkered toy from a kid's, you know, director said. Does it have what it looks like? Works like a real tiny erection in dust office. Gel to get out of there. I'm fathom. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. I'm a little bit too old. Well well well. I'm thankful to you. Jackie Robinson, Rachel, Wayne Bartholdy, you go from... Gel, gel, gel, Gel, gel, gel, I'm surprised to got from the NAACP, wrote that off the letter that he wrote yesterday about how come they put the picture of Maldana in there on the after-the-grammies and didn't put the picture of the hip hop robot, what is your name? She had an even all her name. Lauren, Holly, Hill, Holly, Hill, How's Holly doing? I'm guiding light by the way, huh? Oh! Speaking of guiding light, and I know we won't get any coaxers or guiding light ladies of all this appeared on me. They've all left on, I guess. Or maybe they just left the show after all of your character changes after they put the ugly Michelle in there. But you know, two days ago, Monday, I'm guiding light. They showed a flashback scene of Holly who was crazy that a bed bug. Oh, sorry. Holly who's all of a sudden lost it. You know, she's kidnapping all the kids in town and taking out the camp. They show a flashback with her and the original Roger Thorpe, which I can't take it to the guy's name, who just died of MS here a few months ago, that they kicked off the show. Roger Thorpe, one of the oldest characters on a show, and they used the video clip of him, where she was hallucinating, and the worst part of the insult and re-issues, pushing him off the edge of a, he was threatening to jump off the roof of a building and she pushed him off the edge. So, in other words, the fact that they still had this video footage that CBS has got the rights to, that was okay to show the old Roger. But once he got sick with MS and was dying, and then ABC had to put him on one life to live since he played the character in the wheelchair, and it's at her outer real life. Just like when Brooke Bauer had her leg chopped off on guiding light, right? And they have the clips back after the guy is dead to bring back a scene with him in it. I saw a tear coming from the CBS. In fact, I noticed that John, no, what's his name? It fills in for rather was doing it as a, then rather I think was out of protest to that scene did not do the CBS evening news last night because he was so pissed off. Am I the only one who noticed that? That they used an old flashback with the old Roger Thorpe? And the best part of it is, the character was like replaced by another guy later on who liked it and they wrote out the story. They don't show him, but they showed the original one that they kicked off the show who's dead. No respect, no god dead. And so I fucked off Lindsay and that desk it ties right in. No respect. Here's Naples, hello. Naples. Going once? Neil. Yes sir. Hi. Same Patrick. Yes, what's it all about? Booth. Roger Irish, you're in English. He was an English pig farmer. He was an English pig farmer. I went to Ireland and brainwashed him into that religious crap. Oh, Jesus. Oh my God. The church couldn't decide whether he died or March 8 or March 9. Yes, they ate. They ate in the 17. I'm saying that's what it's all about. Right. Relicious crap. It's a good thing they refused between the 16th and 17 because that would have been the 32rd. The 32rd. They probably guess that as well. Yeah, probably. Okay. Thank you, sir. A little history lesson. There you go. Get a little sun information. See, it's the same thing with all the rest of the Irish people. They don't know anything about their own history. They don't care about any of this. They don't know about the kilf they don't know about the bag. Pop's all they know is it's another excuse to drink a lot of green beer and get the blasted bloody drunk. That's what it's all about. I mean, what? Like I said today, what are the Irish famous for? The Kennedy's and getting drunk. And of course, the Kennedy specializes in getting late and getting drunk. Not necessarily in that order. Don't forget the riots and drive it off the bridge. What is it? Don't forget the riots. Yeah. Yeah, they are a laugh riot, aren't they? Those Irish? They've got a holiday. We don't have a Jewish holiday. We don't have a Catholic day. We don't have a German day. We don't have a Brazilian day. Huh? And are just a Tinnian day? A San Salvador in day? A day for people from the guerrilla in Africa. Do we have a day for any of those? No. A Lithuanian day? No. Polish day? Russian day? No. Danish day? No. Oh, Danish is good though in the morning. Oh, seriously? How about the dead of great days? Why do they say they call them a great day? Because they are great. They're wonderful. It's a tiny little country that decides it does desk. But it's a little one. Oh, it's a real smart. It's tiny. Copenhagen's beautiful. It's really great. Although it's kind of like New York. You know, they cleaned it up too much. You always go from understeamed the other. Here's a mobile and pop in, oh, hello? Yeah, talk about religion. The products are in Catholics quite every day over there. No. Neil, that guy's from Miami of Ohio. He's on the last word tonight. Well, is your back? Yeah, I can't stand that guy in the last word. Do you back tonight? Is your beacuse? He's on tonight. And did you catch Dr. Last night? Yes. Unbelievable. And how about Linda? I was getting ripped off on a blade second and a priest. I love it. I love that. I love Roger Nealson. I love them getting kicked out of the game. And take it right up the old. I love the ugly net growth. He ended after they got two goals this lot, which was like really sticking salt in their womb. Five to two sandals. Twelve games in a row, the flyers are ticking it up the old. I can't stand. And we love it, man. I love the problem. I don't tell them you were pregnant. So happy in years since regular hobbits scored 50 goals. I was disappointed with Y'all girl. I thought he tried to point pretty much. I thought he played Grey Y'all girls kicking ass. Well, don't be lucky. They're playing a best team in league. What do you want? I asked Brighton, I was crying on my way. I heard a news on him. Yeah, well, they'll be all right. All right. You have a great day. Okay. Hockey talk. Anybody interested in that? No. Anybody in. See, just like when I came on the idea the day was talking about law, he's your beacoment, a great looking guy. He is. See, there are a lot of you people out there. A lot of you hit a sexual people. That's why I do it. Because I know it gets you very aggravated. I can't tell you. Seriously, it gives me so much pleasure and joy. It does. I get sexual, I don't even have to do anything. I just didn't even say these things. And all of a sudden, squirt. Oh, like spontaneous ejaculation. That's right. I get so excited. Because I know, oh, you're done. It's fake stuff. Yeah, right. Yeah. The whole sports thing with those skippy little uniforms and the Josh straps and taking showers to get it. Just like Algo, if they said, maybe talk about a bunch of fatty stuff and that wrestling stuff. Oh, you're not fooling any of us. And he'd much of old guys like me. You're not fooling me. I know a fake enterprise when I see one. High school in college wrestling with a grappin' or a one guy gets done on all of fours. Maybe he's looking for glory holes. They got it down on his hands and he's maybe he's looking to see what's hanging under the edge of the stall there. And then you got to get on top of his back and mount him. And I'm not making that up. That's exactly what they call it in wrestling when they get in that position. One guy gets down, which I'm not sure who's the top. How do they decide who's the top and the bottom by the way? Huh? Can't I smash my chow? Is that how they do it? Or they draw straws for that? They flip for it. Yeah. That's what it said in the Koonanian book. He used to flip it over. Yeah, now they want guy mounts the other one. Huh? Is that a sport? Yeah, I guess so. Hop's on his back. Reach his under his clock. Yeah. Just kind of like in football there. Torrey, I've been walks up to the center. First they all huddled hold hands. You know, get down on their knees together. Hold hand. Maybe they're praying. Walks up to the line of scrimmage. He goes up to the center. Put his hands under his back. And start moving them back and forth like this. Are we on? And yell a lot of bunch of numbers. Check it on. Check it on. And the sun has been over with his life spread. Oh, yes, of course. With his life's far apart. What do they call that? 24 noon at 5. 60. Yeah, this wall is a great player. Okay. I mean, just because he looks so good. How about if he look crappy? The guys are great player. Miami or Ohio. The red skins. The four skins. The red skins. We all like the skins down here, right? Not the Washington. Red skins. The Miami Red skins. I mean, if Michigan State of the Spartans can't do it, go Miami all the way. Miami. Whoever thought I'd be rooting for Miami team. Just because it's, you know, a thousand miles away. Rod Rod, radio networks. No. In under a national boom must regular records. The best thing is to distribute to prune. Start the up. No. I've never been a plug-up person. But no, I'm all my dumbest part. You also hear, you can't always go when you want. Give me paper. And I can't get no bow reaction. It's the running stone's tribute to prune. Order now. I know. Puzzle, man. Let me go. When I like it, love it. Yes, I do. You know, I can just fuck around to anybody for tickets to see the Rolling Stones. You know, it's just not good for your image, Hank. See, my feeling about sucking is if you're going to do it, you know, everybody involves to get something out of me. You know, it should be good for both people. So what I do with it always is. But that kind of suck it around. I mean, it's just not good for your image. People lose whatever little minimal respect they may have had for any of us. And it's just right on the toilet. Especially Greg Reed and the beeslees. I mean, come on. It had to be a joke. I know he's going to come on today and say it was just a joke. He just couldn't ride it to has to be. Maybe he was off his feet, huh? He was lost all that way. Maybe he's a little bit off of his feet. Anyway, getting back to a tough disc. And you know, let's file get to that. You notice how as soon as I started talking about that last topic there, AirB line on there was little up. We had really right in all of a sudden. Now we got a few of them on there again. But everybody kind of like ran away. Like a bunch of pussy's. Oh, they get real nervous. Oh, and everything that's bangies. I was just waking you wouldn't do that. Oh, no, too bad. I'm going to be doing a lot more than that as a matter of fact. Sure. Where's that picture of Walley Serbia? Come from Miami from the Redskins? There you go. I just kissed his Redskins. Yeah. He's a good little guy. He's a great basketball player. Like I said, forgetting about how he looks. He's a white guy. Who scores like 40, 50 points again? A young, great looking, metany, idol, white guy who's a basketball star. All we can say is, especially with all our sparsis Infiltrating in the National hockey league now. We're going while they're busy looking the other way. We're going to speak back in. Just like Michael Corley on who's sitting, Godfather 3. Step back in. Remember that? Right? Remember that scene? Step back in. Like he was talking to a dead man. Who was he talking to? The machine, what he said there? Huh? Step back in. Oh, don't come to see them. Won't see him no more. How about that 20 priest with his newly son? So, anyway, five, six, yeah. And you know, it's like the thing with the Ray Wittney. Ray Wittney happens to be the best of the around team. The fact that he looks good, I mean, you know, he can't help it. If he was ugly, would you like him any better? No. No. The next no difference. But there are a lot of people. In fact, even mandatory, I cure to that. My good close friends, you're managed. Yeah. There's a great talent of the super guy. Doesn't kiss any ass either, by the way. Or I'll get back to him in a minute. About Tommy Brady University of Michigan. Let me write these down. I'm getting so far ahead of myself. See how much better this is than taking dumb phone calls. But anyway, what is? These colors suck. They blow. There's a pseudo-pengler-warwood stroke. Yeah, and all news, okay? I'm not even going to totally, I don't keep feeding me back. My material. I got the good material. Don't feed me back when I already know. And I told you, okay? About Marty Strock is God. And they're telling me it's a news bullet. Like they just discovered gold or something. So Kim Bo-Kamp, we're in about, I said wonderful things about Kim. Didn't I congratulate him with Tom Jika? wrote that big piece about the big promotion about how he's earned it. It's a good friend Tom Jika. He's a big, stupid. And how Kim was doing a new sport-to-sum channel for? Well, I happen to see Kim Bo-Kamp, we're last night in Channel 4. And he has come a long way. He's a good guy, but give me hear that expression of deer in the headlights. That's what Kim, I realize it's going to take him a while. I don't know, I guess this is the first week he started on there. Maybe I don't know. I haven't seen him before in a Channel 4 sports. But he looked like the deer in the headlights. A little bit the startled, fumbling around on reading the stuff. And he'll be fine. He'll work into it because that's a kind of guy. He's a hard worker. He's the term that he's dedicated, whatever he gets involved in. He improves 500% he gets in there and does it. I just mentioned that in passing because I'm sure he knows as well as I do, that he's got a little way to go under, but he'll be fine. Good luck, Kim, but you deserve it, baby. Good guy. And there's another guy. Not only doesn't kiss anybody's ass, like Jimmy Johnson, but actually was the one guy in his radio station that our sports department had the ball to stand up to him. And ask him the tough questions at a time when everybody else was going, Nicky, Licky, Licky, and all Kishaneri, place they could. And then they still don't have the right story about Jimmy Johnson and Wayne, by the way. Nobody wants to believe me about that, but I know the guy damn truth about that whole deal, which I told you, none of the sports nerds on his station wants to touch that because it's the truth. But anyway, getting back to management and Tommy Brady, now early in the season when the college football was going on and Michigan was doing okay, but I remember, man, it's one day saying about how they didn't want to Michigan's problems, and they didn't get a quarterback to replace Brian greasy. They didn't get a top quarterback. And that was their problem, why they wouldn't go anywhere. And then, and I kept saying, this tiny Brady kid, okay, the fact that he's got a baby facing and he looks good, that's the thing, man, it's good and hell. He's the kind of macho sports guy as much as I love mad dog. He wants him to be as ugly as he is. He wants to be the hard nose, like greasy with a pug nose kind of, because those guys will put their face through a brain. That's what Ron Fraser used to tell me when I was doing UN baseball. He liked the ugly guy better because they would put their face in a brick wall because how much worse can it get? Like, my cutner. At a boy, my kid, another one. So then, Michigan wins the bull game. Makes that great to come back in a fourth quarter. It scores about 100 points in a fourth quarter. And here's your mad at John the Year. Taughting, hey, Tommy Brady is God, how great he was. There you go, mad dog. He came around and spite of the fact that he's not ugly. I mean, does that make it a faggy thing if I, if an athlete happens to be a good look good? Huh? And what's that, the bathing suit coming out with Tom that addition with sports illustrate with Tom, I'll bring in. I didn't just make that out by the way either. It was in the God that a newspaper, so unless they may be true. What's that coming up? And what are they going to be saying then? Here's our big superstar, who, by the way, is resuming skating again. Maybe maybe one of these days, soon he might come back with prey. We hope the Russian rocket's the great white hope. What are they going to be saying then? Especially if he looks good. Here's a lady in Cooper City, hello. Yes, hello. Yes, man. Hi. I just wanted to tell you I watched a guy in light too. Did you find that thing with Roger? No, I didn't see that. I don't see it every single day. On Monday, the Holly, of course, the Ross is trying to get her straight enough. She's in the right. I saw him go in there. Was that yesterday? Well, I just walked out of the room. I guess I didn't see that part. Well, anyway, so she was doing a flashback. And she says, oh, it always comes back to Roger. And so they do one of their hearts in flowers, flashback scenes. And it's a scene from quite a few years ago, when she's up on the roof of a building with the old with the original Roger Thorpe, whatever his name was, the one that died from Emma. Michael says, Michael says, alright. Right. And then you'll be a fan of the show. You realize all of the crap that they put him through and they kicked him off the show. Yeah, they fired him when he was fired. And when he was dying. He was a member of his line. He was speaking slowly. And he was having some problems. So instead of like us, ABC did, would one life to live, putting it in, which they've done before, a lot of characters like Bird Bower when he had her leg chopped up, instead of that they fired his ass. But they still have a hoods, but put him back on with a flashback scene on tape. Well, when they had to soap opera awards, he's still in about two weeks ago, they had a whole thing honoring him. Really? And they talked about the guiding light in this. Guiding light people were there and they were standing up for him and everything. It was, you know, I mean, hyper-critical life because the word, hyper-critical. Yeah. Well, he also, I think he died of legaric disease. Yeah. I think that's what he had, right? Right. I guess, yeah, how far I'm of whatever. Whatever that is. Okay. I just wanted to let you know the name. Okay. And what about the new Michelle? I do like her at the beginning, but she's kind of growing on me a little bit. Yeah, she's going to be your right. She's getting a little bit better. In fact, he's, I think she and Danny deserve each other the punishment, you know? Yeah. That's got to be the smallest mafia family in the world. One household. It's a mafia family with one household. It's what? It's unbelievable. It's amazing that we keep coming back for more than we keep watching it. I agree. Have a great day, sweetheart. You too. Say how to pop a bower. Okay. How was pop a bower doing? How's that Ed Bower? I was bird bower. Oh, did. 5605050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. What do you think about stuff? Just by the way. I haven't gotten to that yet. I'll get to it. That's the centerpiece of the show today is our program director's desk. No, no. Seriously, it's, there's something symbolic there. There's a message there. And it's called a lack of respect by the upper level management this place for a program director. And I mean, you know, you got to, you can't have it both ways. If you're going to give him the title, pay him all that money and he's making some pretty heavy bread out of this joint. If any's a good guy, never stole a freight train. I wish them to get out what he does. But he's a good guy. That much we agree on. Useless, but a really good guy. I mean, what would be, would it be better if I said he does a lot of good things and he's an asshole? No, useless, but a great guy. That's better. But a desk decides, well, I, and it's not even a real wood. It's not a desk. When you told me that this morning, I thought, ah, well, it is George. He's, you know, you can't get my chain again. It's always exaggerating. Always exaggerating. Like, well, guys, do about their penis size. I always exaggerating. So I walked down the hall here. It's only a few steps to the right around the corner and down the bend of grandma's house. I take a look in there and, and I almost fell to the floor. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Like I said, Greg Reed, build the, and, you know, I don't want to say build the Taj Mahal. That would be getting a little carried away. But build like a nice brand new place and then furnish it with a bunch of stuff from the dollar store from, you know, from the Camille House from Salvation Army. Oh, we got some beautiful furniture for the offices. Where did you get it? Oh, at the Salvation Army. He's got a table in there. I swear to you, that's covered. It's the size of your arm. It's the size of the palm of your hand. It's about, it's about the size of an average human rectum is what it is, a folding table. I have folding table. You couldn't even play cards on that. Seriously, you couldn't have a card game on that table. That's how small it is. They're not exaggerating. Salitary? No, yeah, right. Maybe you could know and not not now because everything he's got is it. That's a whole desk. It's filling over the edges. Whatever the hell it is that he's got on earth. So I have vowed today that I am personally going to take responsibility. If this place is too cheap, I'll either buy it myself just like what a satellite is or will arrange for Joe Resolving. Maybe he'll sell us a nice desk in there for stuff and cost you something I'll pay for it. Not that I owe the program to record anything, but it's just the idea that I feel I have an ego problem. Working in a radio station where my program director has got to desk the size of like little kids in school, you know when you were in school and you sat down at your desk, that desk was gigantic compared to what he's sitting there. And at least in school, your desk didn't fold over. It wasn't affordable. Right? How'd you like to walk in? Here's the CEO of General Motors. You walk into his office. He's sitting at a little fold over like at a card table. Would you have any respect for him? No. Would you think that the company had any respect for him? No. No, of course not. It's a symbol of a total lack of respect. It's like putting up a big message on the wall saying, hey, all you people out there, he may have the title of program director, but take a look at the desk we put in there. That should tell you how much to pay attention to this guy. There are five year old kids out there who have their computers set up on bigger desk than our program. That's no lie. Your daughter, Georgia's 10 year old daughter's got a bigger desk for her computer than our program director's got for his office in there. And his office by the way is the size of a broom closet. She's actually got a desk. Jesus Christ. We don't want to make you feel bad, Duff. But... I feel Rogers God. Mother, really long. You make you get off my butt. You make your daughter so perfect. Why'd you marry such a bud? Father, really long. You think you better than me. But I don't need in cafeteria. And I am capable to be. Always wear black shoes. With for me girl to show her. You can play the best I had. But you won't drive an info. You're much wearing the pruning. Many songs at the beach. Everyone except for it. You should have been in the beach. Father, really long. We like drive a big honor. And you hate getting me in the beach. We've been here the game, Charles. We're about to run along. We tell the guy a little creep. But I ain't clipping cool. I'm there for you. I'm just like you. Don't go to the doctor. That don't drink at all. We want to eat a big bag. You're daughter's my wife. I'm not a strier. You just don't have to get over it. You need to marry a strier. Bubble 3 at 5.50. If you have any questions, you'll be able to watch your show on the award-winning sports nerd station for the 90s. By the way, everybody's sound call was just in here. What is that? Oh, that's it. This back machine. There we go. There you go. There's some naval pictures for you. More of this, uh, porno. If it's not in the mail, let's come off the, uh, don't you don't have to send us any photographic because they're in black and white. Okay. We got a real cheap black and white. Thanks machine. And there are always these pretty marginal guys anyway. You guys, you fans that they got really crappy taste. It's something all this porno. We're going to bring in some real good pictures and paste them all over the walls in here and embarrass down out of all these forces. Actually, it might not embarrass him. It might arouse them. But anyway, we'll find out. I'll guarantee that I'll be open up the doors. Look it around. On I apologize to Zoltem. I left his name out. Was that what he stuck his head about the this morning? I was doing the list of the salespeople. No. Oh, good. He don't listen anyway. He's all right. You don't like him. Anyway, South Alco and Italian foods they brought us in are our sole water, the best in the universe. Bottled in Northern Italy and the Alps. And also brought me in a great magazine like Kuccino, Taviana. And a big one. And also for Mama Sita for my mother brings me, and I'm going there today, by the way. Veroli, extra virgin olive oil. That's the best to give you where those ones. Did he? He's at almost all the time. So it's not even better on your hemorrhage. It is matter of fact. That old you. Mmm. Love that Italian stuff, baby. And then he brings me a big, a big one. A big, gigantic metal container of the Veroli, which you've got to show extra virgin olive oil from Henry Lee company. Give him all the right plugs. See, that's how you do it. You were loaded with stuff. We got, we got our water here. We got a cooler coming. Oh, you know what's going to happen? The water not. He's going to be upset. See where we're interfering with her turf now. Don't you understand? We only been here like three days now upon a third floor, and already we're interfering with the little empire as some of these empire builders up here. Or should that bug her then? Nobody has to go into her office. Nobody's going to be upset. Because then she can't bitch everybody out. What do you think she comes in for, we did? Do the logs? Are you out here, mine? It's the water not, so you don't take any more of that. That cost us money, God damn it. Yeah. Also, anyway, getting back to the desk. Well, we need a water distributor, by the way. Yeah, now that we got a water cooler coming in, we need a water distributor. Somebody that does bottle water. Crystal, that for hills. One of those right. Remember that water guy that got lost his job got, can he was kind of a pain in the ass. Remember used to call an Iwoodie all the time, Sparky? The ass, what a memory Sparky. I think that's where they put him in. And Rayford. I don't think we'll be seeing it in the work. I think our water guy was in Sparky as we did it. But we'll get a water. We'll get it all taken care by the end this week. Just like we are forced. We embarrassed them to go and get in that little viscous to the people by the way, we're thankful for that. The people by the way from the sports third part of the station ever combines it's up on the third floor now. It's a thank you because if it wasn't for you and your lawyer, put enough of a big stick. It's right. I'm taking the courts. We never want to have these studios in the first place. We'd still be riding over there with a bugs on Sheridan Street. Anybody ever thankful for that? No. I'm grateful to find those cowards. That's right. That's the only reason you're up here. The project would have been another four years at least. You should live so long they would have gotten this done. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. You said to the same patty the only one that has the holiday. You have black history month and you have United Nations. Say that takes care of every week. I think three months isn't the holiday. That's an entire holiday. No. If you work for the county, it is. It is. They have parties. They have everything. They have history month. There isn't one gay history month. There isn't one Jewish history month. That comes under United Nations. Say everything else. You craint in history month. No. Still be United Nations. Serbian, Latvian history month. Because we're supposed to drop on United Nations. That's a little bit of a history month. That's me. Are you a check? Yeah. All right. Swallowed their hockey players come from by the way. I don't know. I know how to do a say, Zellian yakshimash. No, he's placed with a uranium. Okay. Uh-huh. And thanks a lot. Come on. Let's hear from some of you Irish. I mean, some of you Irish out there. What this is all about. That guy from Naples. He was good. Bogus holiday. Same patty's day in green, beer in green, bagel's day. You know, they just make this crap up. Nobody ever stops that question. They just go along with like most sheep out there. They just go along with they put grum. I don't understand it. People are always saying, wait. Well, don't you wonder or don't you ask about how we got here and about God? Of course not. Because those are things that could never possibly know the answers to. He just make a lot of stupid guesses. And what does it really make? But as far as how this Saint Patrick's day thing came about, there is a history to it. There is a tangible beginning and hopefully an end. Like soon. All this crap. A Saint Patty's day. With all these parades and all of this, Jim, I mean, please tell me what the Irish other than the Kennedy's. Joe McCarthy, he was Irish. Oh, well, you know, we had myorlansky too. And the fact we had Andrew Kganan and we had the John Wayne Gacy. Every group has got its black sheep. Right? We had Bugsy Seagull to Jews in myorlansky and Josh Friedman. You know, so what? There you go. What a trifecta that is, baby. Right on the money. Nobody's perfect. Except the Germans. Just ask him. Now I'm going to chat, at least they were consistent anyway, you know. Nine minutes past noon at 5.60 W to Q a n. Jim, go right, my piping. Oh, dry. When this quarterback gets lonely, or he likes receivers that are wise. Some people say that number eight is gay. Sure. If they throw lots of big brown eyes, A claim. You go down on his knees, amen. It's guys he likes to please a claim. He loves to serve cowboys on their beehive. Right, right, right, right, right, right. Right, right, right. He's got a spotless reputation. America's team is world renowned. But he's drooling. I've heard some people say. In the heart of he goes down. Eight men. You go down on his knees, amen. I can't suppose to breathe. Eight men. Jones lived him, cos he likes it from the high. Are you sure? Up at five, six, you're W to Q a m. I realize that sports nerds in general tend to be pretty goddamn dumb. But the fact machine that we have here, we get all these facts is coming in here for people in the sports department. And you know what they never get to them because this isn't their number. And you're wasting our facts paper with a lot of crap that we have no interest in about this and about that. And stuff that I'd be embarrassed to even tell you what it's about. It's so juvenile. You think giving their right number out on the air would help. Well, why should that? This is an anti-sports show. Why should they be living in other words? Why do they know our facts number? That's what I'm curious about. Is the facts number for the rest of the year for the year sport? Is it similar when they change stations? And they were using our studios for that time. That was for a week machine. You never call the people back to give them the. Well, because they don't have a phone to call the people back on. Don't you understand? Are you out of your mind? You're expected. We're going to come up with a phone to, uh, for those people to call. Yeah, Chris, I don't bite. Not you anyway. No chance. Thank you, sir. I'm also damn, uh, what is this? So this is an, I'm, I'm worried that he typed this by the way. Huh? Certainly not on that tiny little desk that he's got in that office. Have you ever, have you seen that desk in our program director's office? It's not even a card table. You couldn't even play part cheesy. You couldn't play solitaire in there on that. By the way, you noticed how much bigger an isher. Sam's offices. Oh, Sam's got a big, Clark's office. He don't do anything. He's got a big office. You see, this all goes back. That's what I brought it up. See, you're pushing me. I can look at the single tour clock with the, the, the, the, the desk. Sam's got a nice desk. Sam's got a big one. Okay, and his desk is beautiful. Sam is a big one. But, uh, you know, and then of course Maddie and sales, one of our 25 sales managers who's also got naked. Here's, I got a like two feet tall. What does he need a big office like that for? He's like a little a fusion. That's how small he is. He's like a magic. And he's got this big spacious office because he's another got a, got a naked pictures. You can tell, you know, Duff has got no naked pictures. He's in a broom closet. Sam the sham, who's like part of the family. It's for free. It Greg's house anytime he wants. He's got, he's got books of naked pictures. You know how people are scrap books and they like, like they collect the baseball cards, different trading cards. They put CDs now and it was big. He's got volumes of those naked pictures. The beesleys Greg read in that moose all together. Who else? Oh, it's Korean. Now she's got, I don't know. That's to keep her on the string, I guess. She's got kind of like a marginal one in there. That office. She's got a small office. That's what, bro. Okay. But if they're trying like hell to make it bigger. But anyway. It's not what, bro. They're trying to get her into a bigger one. It's what he said. They just move her up in the world. I mean, she's part of the, she's got a lot of naked pictures. Of course she's in most of them. That's the problem. That's why she's got a small office. And then we got the water. Now she's got a bigger room in there. She sits there on her throne every morning. I don't know how away. Oh yeah. She's got naked pictures that haven't been invented yet. So there, you know, he has all of these not so subtle ways of setting messages. Who are the chosen people and who are the, you know, Hungry links and so Joe Roses, a hundred dogs. We got two lines live on a board here today. But I'm just loaded with good stuff. And the audience just like yesterday, just like Monday, very, very week. I don't understand what the deal is here this week. You know what? Especially today. This has been a siblings. They're talking about the show from coast to coast today. Every country in the world in the United Nations, this show is the topic of their discussion today. And this audience, nothing. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. We're talking about St. Patrick's Day. We're talking about history. We're talking about people who kiss the bosses ass. We're talking about guiding lights. We're talking about people that have a little one in a small desk too. We're talking about guys that hang it under the stall in the toilet. Talking about the stuff, beach being the gay Latin capital of the world. Well, that makes all those Julios. Yeah. What's a fags down there, man? But you're greased up body building, steroid doing, ecstasy loving, hustling fangs. Here's Miami, hello. Oh, my queen. Yes? I'd be safe. I'd be safe. I'd be safe. No, okay. Like I said, no material with this crowd this week. 560, 560, pound, 560 on a mobile one line. Very weak. I sure enjoy hearing myself a lot more than these stupid calls. You know what? I held up a lot. No contest. Maybe maybe before the end of the week, we'll come up with like a real phone call. Here's a mobile in home, but the Latin young ladies, they were good. That was great. Here's a mobile in home, stay at hell. Yeah, you doing nail? Okay, sir. I'm like you work for the comments party. Yeah, I do. I'm coming east. Yeah, how do you get a water cooler without the water? What does that mean? Well, good is that water cooler doing up there without any water cooler from George from the Bob from Dickens Cider. Oh, we'll see the guy from that spring. I had to wish he's not a water distributor guy. He just didn't work in on that. We're also working on that. If we may have that done, I'm sure we'll have it done by two o'clock. Yeah, I used to deliver water to your old studios for Crystal Water Water. Is this Sparky? How is it supposed to spark here? Oh, no. We used to have a guy named Sparky that used to bring him by until he put him away. He worked at Crystal? I think you know, he was with Zefer Hills, I think. I think that's where you'll find his body. Well, anyways, I mean, is this like an offer to bring us water? I'm sure that it's not because you would have said that already. Well, you know, I'll give you a good price. Yeah. I don't know. We'll keep it in mind. We can't get it free. We'll keep you in mind. Neil, I want to talk to you about guys who says they can't have been other guys. You know, I'm kind of good looking over the case. Well, that's more of a straight guy's put on a big act. Yeah. I don't really know if he looks good. I don't know about guy. I think what is that? That's a pussy attitude man. That's a cop out. I think it takes a bigger man to, you know, to admit something like that. Yeah. I can leave. These sports guys. I mean, if they don't think this wall is sure, but you can't. I remember my name, you know, how is the real good looking guy? Then there's something wrong with them. I guarantee 90% of the people in the audience wish they only look like him. They're there. They're much of fake phobias. That's right. Exactly. Anyways, why didn't they call me? But the chinas. Right. When you go to a club, you see all these guys standing around. I come down and get on the bus. Why don't they hit on all these beautiful women? Yeah. And I was asking Cory Sabin that last week, and he just stood there and gave me a stuttered lot on him. Yeah. Well, I had a neighbor who we said he was a big botch-o. And there we time you, you know, they pointed out a guy, look at that guy. He's all right looking, whatever. We had a party with him. He was Larry and according to Ham, he was, he was straight. He was right. Tom, Tom, Tom, so was rock Hudson, okay? He said he was straight. It could be. Yeah. One night, his walk gets home gets what? He's like a straight. I'm in another guy. Yeah. Oh, I don't really believe in that crap. Well, he'd like to spread it around. Have a great day. All right. You've been paid patty's day to you, sir. All right. Well, that's what Tiny Tim said was he Irish. Yeah. How about any of these his screws? He was English and Bob Crackton. Tiny Tim, he was Irish, but he was his screw. Kind of like a Japanese his screw. She had the right attitude. School of Mall. We have an open line in somewhere 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, did we mention today about what an asshole at Mark Bencin is? Oh, yeah. There was some really amazing number. Yeah, they're amazing. All right. Especially that point one Henry. I mean, I wish Henry only to best. Oh, you know, he needs our best wishes. He needs a miracle is what he needs. See, if somebody would have just told Henry, he could never make it without Rogers entertainment report. You know, I'm day tellin' that. That's a Roger always used to tell us. All the only reason Henry still on here is my entertainment report. Roger used to say that every guy damn day. Not that I want to stir up any trouble. Anybody here with Henry yet on JNA? No. Yeah, yes, yes, that they first buy reports about the ringer anybody here? No. No. Mobile and sunrise, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. You and Mainwich are by fire to best thing on that station. Oh, that's for sure. I mean, it's not even a contest. I can't figure out why Mad Dog is not on a six-peem slot. Well, because Mad Dog has a construction company, which is where he makes both of his money. And he can only, you know, be on so much with some unfortunate. But I got to do it. When I first came to this station, I told Reg Reed, we should have managed on a hell of a lot more, Mr. And he's saying, yeah. I got a theory. I think, uh, maybe Booger shabby spent some time on Hank's casting couch. Is that it? I think that might be it. Yeah. Or maybe they just stayed a lot of meals together. That could be it. Thank you. Barking up to wrong tree on that one, sir. We have an open line of day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Let me say it again. We got the water cooler taking care. We're going to have a water service in here by the end of the day. We're going to take care of a desperate off Lindsey because if you're in this business, and you're happy to be a big shot, if you're even like a medium shot. Even if you're like a piss pot, rhymes with big shot, you should be able to get all kinds of good stuff. That's what part of what's been, I mean, for Christ's sake, and I'm going to put it in the right line is going to work for the kind of crappy money they pay us here, huh? This is their idea of the big bucks what they're paying me? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. So you just keep just sticking in there and keep grinding. Why do you think Greg can't afford a haircut because he's paying me so much? I'm going to turn to this right now. Okay. If Greg Reed was making as much money on the Wayne High's Zingostuff, that's on his radio station, percentage wise, as he's making on this show, he could afford a haircut. He could afford a culturel's out for you and get a hair piece. No, can't do that because he's given all the money to Wayne, who also buy the way he'd only want a hair piece. And by the way, he just stopped and picked about that. Okay, given a piece to Wayne, oh my god. What are the, I bet he's got this on his, anybody have a heart or a liver? No, he like glandyeck bars. You love bull-dike bars. Hey you, what would you do for a bull-dike bar? What's a bull-dike bar? It's a big iron bar that bull-dike's hitman with say you're a man. Oh, I'm doing it. Oh, I can't do anything for a bull-dike bar. Here, have another one. You pig. Bull-dike bars. If you're a man, you don't have to do anything. Just hang around and odds are you'll get one. Oh, I bet you pig. You pig. You pig man. You pig man. Oh, 30 or 5.50WQ. My poor question today is which Hank Goldberg you like best. Yesterday's ask sucking Hank Goldberg or these will fly to tell it like it is. Hey, stupid Hank Goldberg. That's our poor question. Here we got some water is what I understand. Larry. Yes sir, hi Neil. How you doing? You can refer to me as water boy. Water boy, huh? Oh, my friend's called me water boy. I bet they do sitting on the end of the bench. Go get them. Mm-hmm. How you doing? Great. My company, I was listening to, I'm an avid listener, but I don't get to call him much. I'm the owner of a bottle of water company in South Dayton. Will you own it? I do. Wow. How about that? Better get to know Larry real well. It's a family owned business. It's father and son. Yeah. I thought that would come. We do well in the donate water to the station that you and George and all the other guys to drink as long as you plug this every once in a while. Sure. How proud everybody have grated it. Absolutely. It's a dent deal. What I'll do is when you put me back on hold, I'll get your sack of the number from George and I'll pack you over for postal and we'll start to live it tomorrow. Excellent. Thanks, Larry. If you got it. Hang on. We don't have the coolery yet. What you tell him that, okay, you work it out. When is that? That's what you're here for. You're supposed to take care of all of these things. We're so far on that set of light comedy network. We take care of all of that thing yet. I think that Tom Shove and we've got to get Boca Brian working on that. Come on. Get a hold of Tom Shove and up there in the airport. I think he had one meal too many, put him right over the edge. Maybe for St. Patty's day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, see what I've had here. It's only 12, 30. We got now and a half to go, okay. We got a cooler. We got the water. We got all the food we could ever possibly want. And then some anytime we want is for free. And we do share by the way. We feed anybody that has the ball to stop in. If we got something for him, we always share. That's the way to do it. We're in broadcast. I don't know that comes to the shot to the people in this building because they work for Greg Reed. We're in broadcasting. We're superstars. We're on the radio. We're in the media. Even as marginal as this place is. We're in the media. We shouldn't have to be a shell on our bucks. We're, you know, give a guy a little bit of a plug in, which is not illegal by the way. That's a legal plug-over. That's fine. All I think I do is say we're doing it. We're doing it. That's all. For crying out loud. These people here, you got a good drama. I'm mapping a diaphragm to show them how to get out of bed in the morning. They're the most simple basic things. The most rudely-nery elements of the broadcasting business. And these people don't have it because they work for Greg Reed. Maybe if he gets a haircut, maybe if he like clears out that area where his brain used to be. Maybe it'll let, you know, the pores of his brain breathe a little bit. Get some of the feeling and sense back up there. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. First time, caller. Great. Going back about an hour. So you were talking about guiding light and the guy that just died. Right. Yeah. Michael Zazel, right? It wasn't MS. It was ALF. Oh. And the only reason that I'm calling correctly used is because that's what my husband has. Oh. And not many people know about it. So I just thought, well, if you're going to call it MS, let's call it what it really is. Okay. That's it's really something that they need to work on. And it's a real sad degenerate disease. Right. So I hope you don't mind. Okay. Did you see that you're on Monday? No. It's kind of hard to watch things like that. Yeah. I would think well, I'm by me. He, you know, it was a flashback we're seeing with him. And it was only under for a few seconds. But I thought, he had the way they treated him so poorly on there and fired his ass and jumped him off the show and then the year old. Yeah. And then they used flashbacks. You know, he used him again. I thought that was bad. He, he was a handsome man. I had seen him on one of the documentaries on ALF about. He did a lot of good things. All right. Including when he went on one life, whatever. I think it was one life below an ABC. He did the stuff down there for it. Right. And he, you know, he was, he was real strong and he was real courageous. Right. It's a, it's a real difficult thing to do. But, you know, they shouldn't, it was a bad thing to do. I heard you talking about it. And I thought that was really very unfair. Yeah. Really attacking. Okay. Good luck. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six. Five, six. Five, six. You moved to Florida, right? To be a Schnaur. To get anything you can for free, where at least the early board. Get it at a discount. Here's a mobile and button, beach, Hilla. Oh, I'll go. Yes, sir. Yeah. Another thing that he's there is come around and I have a question. I've opened you or one of your listeners can call in an answer to form it. Yeah. I want to know if corn be can cabbage is a traditional Irish deal. Serve late back. Or is somebody named Ape on a low-reestide? How about a lot of corn be left over one day? I think it's a new England thing. Now maybe it's the England by way of all the Irish. It's like the candidates that came to the England by now. It's big in the England. It's a Lincoln State for danger. Some Ireland is that people in Ireland eat corn. Well, we'll find out, sir. It's another part of our learning experience. Exactly. It's always an acquiring mind once the known. Okay. We'll find out. Happy St. Patty's Day. Yep. And happy to hear you say. Two, two, what do you say? Okay. There you go. There's a challenge for you. You can call us on the board. Or these people on a phone this week are really spastic. And by the way, how do you like that new phone system we're supposed to get up here? We get up? No. Did they get that office phone for the sports, uh, She for the other 20 hours a day to get sports phone in the studio? No. No. Did you get a desk yet? No. See, now that we cut ticket to water problem, Next one we'll write along. See, the dust desk and like I told you, and I'm not joking if they won't take care of it, I will. How could you treat your program director so shabby? I only wish that we were still on Wany. I would tell Joe the, uh, Cameragai to go in there and shoot a picture of that little, It's not, it's not even a table. It's like a folding chair. You couldn't even read the goddamn news paper on that thing. It's so small. And they think that because they built a bunch of barren walls up here with some drywall and paint, that this is a radio station, is that their idea of the business? That's as close as Greg Reid can come to the idea of the business. But hey, it gets graphery rolling stones to get there, you go, Oh my god. I just, I don't understand it. I don't get it. I don't get the priorities. I mean, if you have any software-spec, if you're a professional, don't you want to have good stuff to work with? Don't you want it to sound good? Don't you want to work with a professional operation? And like, you know, as opposed to, are we on the air? Are we on it, you know, like every day of your life? Here's coconut grow, hello? Yes. Neil, yeah, I was listening yesterday to the hammer. I was taking my kid to the doctor. What a subject. And I couldn't believe that, but he was really playing around. He was not. He was serious. You know, and I know you listen to him on the way home, and I just, maybe if Neil listens to it, he's going to freak. I went, I just put me over the edge, you know. He just put me right back. I got to listen to him today. I listened to him every day. He's got to be playing around. He's got to be playing around. He had to be. Not that you have to stop now. You know, and you know, everything about the beeslies and what great guys they were and how down their earth. If you, if you could meet these guys, sir, I'm serious. You wouldn't even know you wouldn't eat and Wayne Artles with these people. Let's house smart me. They are. It's also plus cheap because you'd have to pick up the tab. You know, and different gels, I had in my lifetime. The first thing I stressed to the my bosses is I don't suck any ass. Right. And I'm so literally the only suck I suck literally my wife and I don't do nobody else sucking. So, you know, and I see it happens that every business. You see certain individuals going through the bosses of the offices and just sucking ass man. Hey, don't you hate that? Oh, my kids. And they have many reasons. Ne, I love listening to you. I'm not agree with everything you say. But the main reason that I love listening to you for many, many years is because you say and as it is, and you don't suck anybody's ass. That's right. You know, not any. Anyway. It's so rough man. Uh, enclosing. Not only the hangover. If something, mom, I order the cool. I don't know. Oh, man. I know what that means. I mean, I mean, the ass suckers, what that means. But it did say now you got to put that on. Do we got to have that? Right? Is that not what that meant? Assucker. And that's funny. I was sure that you, we, two, probably, we give him a prize if we had much. Send him a bottle of water, this guy. That was great. Ben E. Simone, most of the band, we had, but 22 till one. We got a 400 open lines here. Let's hear about seeing that in a Irish people in the audience. Either that or course it's past noon. So it is same patty's. They did probably all laid out by now. That's right. Like any other day. 560, 705, 60, pound 560, unimovable one line. That's you're about to come to me. But you're about the great Irish cuisine. Yeah. That's like English cuisine. And I love to you. They got spotted dick. And they got, um, what doesn't match. Bangers in mash. And, uh, what are they called potatoes chips there? They call them, um, they call french fries chips. It chips. Everything would chips. This french fries chips. Don't forget to tow the hole. And towed the hole on the spotted dick. There you go. In fact, I was once using the restroom and he's, uh, what is that? The airport there? He throw in London? And I looked down there and there was a big hole. I thought, is that a towed the hole or is that a spotted, I spotted something? Maybe it was just underneath the bottom of the end. That's what Margaret Orts said. Okay. I still, I bet you people all over the world are thinking about that right now. And people on the listening on the audio net all over the world, Margaret Orts says that is a glory hole. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the etiquette is that a guy sticks his penis under the stall. God must be a major like a maddie, uh, bell. He must be a magic to be able to be down there that low. The stick is penis under the stall. Christ. 21 till one. It's 5. 60 minutes. That's why I often giant. Maybe this where I got the inspiration for that song. And I want to be your acrobat, uh, academy. It's been a long, long with me to blow up an abortion plan, eh? To kill another doctor who was murdering again. If you speak with a draw and have a bad attitude and grab a can of gas and you can burn the down to abortion clinic that is ain't nothing like the smell. And nurses aren't tired. Now if you drive a truck and learn what's smelly, uh, I don't know about it. This is welcome. And after we make the clinic explode, we'll go find the nigger and drag them down the road. We'll be proud you're from the South boy. Double live southern pride. Now what there should be a woman trapped inside. We'll rape her in the ass and seal her personally before she dies. Can't ever afraid the Bible do that if they are barbarism even they're in deceiving. A. Inbreed that is. Fire up some garth strokes too. No we are the Christians, soldiers of God, like to wipe our ass with an old porn God. And we're not burning churches or clinic, Bally, play our bandos in the trees with peanuts in our mouth. That's what Christians require right there in the old ground. Come 45 in 560 W2M 2AM hello. Yeah hi. What's the deal on the note about the Irish? Anything you know. This is me. I pick up coal because George is busy taking in for making it. Probably for something free we're going to get. This is the tape the Irish one. The brought to crunch is a long time ago. Oh no, do that anymore please. Oh God, it's a miracle I survived between the crunches and the smarties. I'm telling you. I know. So what about the guy I know about corn beef and cabbage is that real authentic Irish cuisine or it could have just made that up. I'll be honest with you. As far as I know, corn beef is a Jewish. Yeah that was his point corn beef for strami. How do the Irish deal that? We do eat corn beef over there but we don't have it like, you know, the way yours is real red and you get all the spices in there. Yeah, mine's real red and spices right. But yeah, we like bacon and cabbage is primarily the Irish. Bacon and cabbage? Bacon and cabbage. Do I do like bacon? Well it's not the bacon that you're thinking of. What is it? We call that bacon rashes. Rashes? Rashes. Yeah. You know the bacon you fry in the pan. If I what does that mean a rashes of bacon? What does that mean? I have no idea. Oh. What you heard that expression happened? I'm not drunk and I am Irish. I am working today. Yeah. I'll tell you something. It's the American they just asked to do everything. Bigger and better than everybody else. Yeah. And taking the street, street screen and I'm what about the snakes? What is all that thing about the uh... How about a snake nerd? You know? No, same Patrick, uh, vanish to most. Oh that's right. Same Patrick, you're a little bit of all the snakes. Yeah, you won't see a snake. They just had the Loch Ness monster there in the swimming around. Yeah. Right. And what about the a kills and bagpipes? I thought that was a Scottish thing. Well it is, but it's it's going back to the kills. Everybody's all kind of related to Kelsey. They're Celtic. Yeah. And that's kind of where the bagpipes. Talk about the bagpipes. So you're going to play them. Mauria. Absolutely. Oh great. That sounds good. Well have a happy same Patty days we got. Well, when I do have an Irish spirit, I'll toast to you. Okay. See ya. Bye bye. See that everybody steals from the Jews man. The Guayman stole the Old Testament from the Jews. The Pope stole the beanies from the Jews. I was just doing corn beef from the Jews. It's just like the thing with the sports with the shfartists. You all have a sports away. You know they want to take over hockey too. Christ. What are we getting for free by the way? Who are you talking to? You said a moment later. We're getting some QAM. Hello. Ha ha ha. Oh. Now where did you want to was that? Call of the happen to be a sponsor of WQAM. And they would love to bring us free water. Well, so what's going to happen with Larry? Well, we just say Hacks off the Larry side. Thank you, Larry. But thanks, Larry. But we'll think about it next time because Colligan, one of our fine sponsors. And I use Colligan home for their water soft in the highway and pay for it. I actually pay for it. How do you like that? And they would love to provide us water. So thanks anyway, Larry. We are a great guy. We'll keep you in mind and good luck with your business. And we'll give you a fee. Plug any way sometime. So who? Which one of the assholes was that? That we just done that I had a dump. Which Jack asked with that? Or some drug and Irishman? I always did. It's always these clues. We were drunk. Yeah, we didn't remember. Five six. That's what Hitler said too. Five six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a point and be, chill out. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, you sound so surprised about Hank. But you remember when he had to show an IOD at night? Yeah. He called more marshmallows than anybody. I know that. And I mean, he's never been tough with the guest. But I'm talking about kissing. Asked the management. Yeah, but that. I mean, that's the way Hank is. We're going to worry about what he was the Brian Cox, the same thing. He had that subhumanity on there. Right. That's true. And he was always asking. And Brian Cox is telling us what a great guy he is. That's a good point. Exactly right. I mean, that's the way he has done that. Yeah. I think it's always like that. I think like, sir, we're right to like him. You know, that's that's that's the thing I think you want. Then I say years ago that Hank wants to be Larry King of Sports. That's exactly right. Much to kiss a lot of ass drop a lot of names here. I'd like him. Which you know, there's something to be said for that I guess. Exactly. That's a kind of advantage. But, sir, it's especially the beastly. Please, please, it gives me a, uh, shi-bilkies when I hear that. That's right. Listen, if you get it said anything by Brian Cox. Okay. Okay. See you. And that's true. Well, of course, you know, these sports nerds radio, they have to like, uh, oh, anybody who ever wore a jog strap, they got a kiss to rest. I tell you how great they were until he leaves town. Oh, even after Brian Cox left town, so much to do. They were still kissing his ass for whatever we've not all known. Wow. He's in a horse business. Yeah, great. Five, six, seven, Boba got 100 open lines here. I'll tell you that. I can't imagine why this has been. We had telegrams from the United Nations from the White House. From Key West, from, uh, Aliquipe, Pennsylvania. All over the country about what a non-believer will show this is today. And we still got 200 open lines on there. I don't get you people this week. I must be, uh, including on a ping on their parade. Well, that's right. I'm not allowed in that same petty's day parade. Am I? Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Lots and lots of open lines as we age for eight and wait. So we got colleague in with the water. We're going to get a hold of Joe Resolid. We got the catalog. You're going to bring in the barn. I'm going to pick out a nice desk for a duck. I'm going to be my gift to him. What do you think? Oaker, the hogony look good in there. I, and well, whatever, whatever he wants. Whatever you think would look good in there. I don't care. And that isn't sucking around because that's not my style. But that just, it's just doing what's right. And you're right, Mr., you know something. We ought to come in here about what a clock at the morning. When nobody else is here and swap his stuff and same. Swap the offices. Oh, seriously. How come a guy? I mean, they both do nothing. That's a given. But at least we like stuff. He's a good guy. You know, two guys that do nothing. And once they got a bigger title in the other ones, supposedly. One is the program directed the other way. Don't know what the other guy's title is. Besides, you know, free loader. Sand the sham. And he's got an office three times the size of our program director. He's got an office the size of a telephone booth. But I said it's a message. This is the way Greg Reid sends a message. Depending on how important you are in this joy, that's how big it's going to be in your office too. Yeah, look at the little room, George is in there. Mine is twice as big as yours, Mr. and mine ain't that big. I believe me, a long time ago. Huh? I mean, you're, I'm seriously. You're a room, I would say half of the size of what it was downstairs. A third, maybe. A third. A third. Thanks a lot, Greg. I guess he's trying to give you a message where you stand in this joint. You maybe heard that 20 minutes on Friday. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. My, yes. What's your plan with the shaleini too much? Yes, that it. That's all. Okay, thanks. Thanks for your week material, sir. And go back to Dublin. Start doubling your pleasure. 560, 50560 and Tom 560 on a mobile one line. Week. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, is it true that Henry Barrow is going to be replaced by Larry King's good friend and mentor, Sam Guyson? Yeah. As soon as they can find some teeth that fit. Okay, that's what Ken Maldon told me. In fact, I bet you can't Maldon tell you. Got some great stories. Can use to be involved, of course, with this game, Ken McClub for 100 years, Greg Guy. Love Ken Maldon. And of course, they used to do that to Bobby Silver's and Sam Guyson and Tom Jika, all those geeks were there together when those dog racing shows. Remember those days? Oh, God. Sam Guyson is the only man who ever did television in this market even though as I'm going to look like Channel 51 before they changed to a no-spigating lace, I think. Only guy ever did TV in this market with no teeth. Yeah, he used to, he used to, he used to, he used to, he used to gum it. I wonder if he still lives now. Oh, yeah, he is still alive because, remember, Larry King was going to get him a show to get him back on the year. Don't remember that. Whatever happened to that. On a bogus surf station that you're close personal friend. What was his name? The guy who would have parked a car. Jack Mark, that asshole got to bring that sign back up here. Oh, yeah, right. Hey, Jack over there at the surf, he's an asshole. Right. Everybody tells me that. Even Sam Guyson told me that. Here's Westchester, hello. Hello, you know? Yes. I should be on New Year's, the judge to be treated so bad, you know? Like what? Oh, you know, you know, kind of good stuff for free here. What are you talking about? Oh, you're not going to work. So I'm used to the audience. Joyadian, the call in audience sucks. I'm used to that. Because of the kill, that sign I was watching, Channel 10. And there was someone tryrail. There was one of the series on tryrail about how people get fine. You know, if you don't have your, your pass with you and stuff. And there were everyone a couple of the slippers on there that had gotten fine. Well, guess who one of the slippers was. Merit's deerheim. There you go. That's your carolio. You know, a ghost was dead. Oh, not Greg, you don't. Yeah, Greg, you don't. Oh, my, got you mean Greg, you don't. Who everybody hates like poison? And you're in your room like he was a regular, Joe, you know, and you look the same except he had like some liver spot on his face or something. No, those were liver spots from liver and onions. If the sterling country diner. Yeah, they were. But I couldn't believe it. You know, there's some splatter off the platter. Not having a job in the radio anymore. But he doesn't have a car. And you know, he's got a car. He's got a car. He's got a car. He's got a car. He's got a car. He's got a car. He's got a car. And then, he's got a car. He's got a car. And keep in mind, sterling country kitchen. Sterling country kitchen used to be a way to his washing dishes. There now. Foreign guy man. Yeah, he's having a hard time. He always used to keep asking and have one bad question. Is everybody hate me and we all used to say, and then you got more and more moros in the press. And we'd say, he'll hate you. Greg, you have no talent. But other. He has no shame. And you know, he's, I'm ready to brought him up. Because he's a perfect example. All those newspaper are, and people are the Sherry Woods and Tom Jickon. Everybody ever wrote a radio column in this market. They, Linda Thornton, they had the succession with Greg Budele. Right. And he never had any ratings. He never had any talent. He was never anything in this market. And of course, looking, he's now he's waiting tables at an old, a jury metric, a restaurant in Hollywood. Me on the other hand, most of them hate like poison. They go out of their way to avoid saying anything positive about me. And I mean Tom, we're sitting here kicking ass. So of course, the Sherry is a newspaper that's not a got no cloud. None. No cloud. They don't know what that other thought. Exactly. I'm sorry. You're listening. Including a kitty cat's as alone. Okay. Back to your opposite. Thank you. 1255 and 560. WDKM. Thank God for George Dool. One really good thing this week. In fixing this chair. Oh, what a difference. This is me. I'm serious. I was, my kishki's were getting twisted. Sitting in his chair for one and a half days. The way it was. It was like I was a hunched over like Larry King without the suspenders. And he is a hunchback. You know, you know that? A hunchback. I have a hunch. God, he's just talk about it. Ask his man. Who the hell do you have on the other night of sub-off? Three seconds. Oh, Pat Robertson. Sucking his ass. Sucking his ass. God. It would be ridiculous. All these fakers on any was doing a show. I didn't see it last night. I think God. I was watching a penguin game. And a little bit of that fire game. So the last year. With all due my friend Ron from Philadelphia. Sorry, Ron, but you know I hate your team. Can't stand them. And especially that Bobby Clark and Roger Nielsen. The two of them should jump off a cliff together. Oh, God. Was that sweet? Seeing two dislodged. Told in the crease. Yes, it is the worst rule in the league. It's going to go by by next year. But and keep in mind by the way, who is one of the league scoring is down. They want more goals. So instead of getting rid of that rule, what do they do? They keep looking for like a toning along the edge of the crease. And one of the great supporters of that rule was, B.M. That's right. We got to shave it. We got the goalies. That's right. The crease. You got to shave the goalies. That's going out. But nice seeing it happen to the flyers. Not once, but twice last. As the blues knocked him off, 12 in the world without a win. Nice going Roger. And they're saying, oh, well, you know, Bobby Clark's going to stick with Roger Nielsen going into the year. Let me tell you one thing. He's out. It's so wonderful to see the hour. I'm the person for real. I think we've been a very special friend. Stop the bike. I'm sure we're all about something. That's so wonderful. I'm going to put the door right now. Come on, I don't look like that. I already had it. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. I wonder where it is. It looks like it looks like a... I'm going to put it back. That's me, bag boy. I want to pay. Hey. What can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands. I'm going to do that. That's fine. Hey, like you're moving. Hey. What's this right here? That is the ball pipe. What are you doing with the blow pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow. Okay, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Okay, can I? Sure, do it. Okay. Come on, lad. You got the... You're my sort of roundest lad. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this. Hey, that's a boy. Speaking of the way, down yet, throw that. Hey, you need to do that, lad. You do it right. What's this over here? That's mid-shunder. What do we do with that? What do we do with that? What do we do with that, lad? You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Hey, like that? Hey, run your hands up and down it there. No, I want to do, lad. Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want us... Queez the bag. Nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hand up into the shaft real quick. Go and together on the same time. Okay, hit, hit, hit. Good, good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. Sure. Hey, it's good, lad. Keep low on. No harder, lad. Adam. Squeeze the bag. Squeeze, mom. Now, you run your hand up and down the shaft. Quick, faster. Run your hand up and down the shaft. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. He's a jello. Come on, give it a hand. Which one is that? Come dance. Here's our new paddock. Up here from a satin. Catch it up. It's got to serve. It's good. Come on. Let your house sit at the nut. App powinkins. Come on. Up here. Let your house sit at the ground. Here's up. Go, go. Slowly. Down there. Now we are in the middle. Go. Stay. up there when he's up there with a boy's in Falmorel and he's got the kilt's on and those silly high socks. My god everybody is going. Muddery. Faggot. Everybody's doing that. Even I'm doing that. I'm muddering that. Don't forget that there's that bag that goes in front. Oh, in my way, anybody believe in that marriage or Prince Edward? No. Nobody's buying that. Oh, yeah, they got that Fag bag because I like to go up in the maturina there. That bugs us all the time. You know what the fanny pack for the Fag bag? Golf invented by a bunch of silly ass people by a bunch of pussy's. The fact that that's all we need to say. Golf is for pussy's period. Next subject. That's it. By the way, here's a real sport for real men. That's what Joe Costello says. Motorsports. There you go. Watch him go round and around and maybe there'll be a crash. So starting this Saturday morning 6 to 7 every Saturday. Motorsports Saturday hosted by our own Joe Costello. One of the good people in this building. We got a few. And the show feature we're quickly looking to motorsports racing. We're including NASCAR, CARED, IRRL, NHRA, whatever the whatever those all are. As well as events at the local motorsports scene. Yeah, more like that. Joe Costello this Saturday morning. Get up early. Sit to your alarm clock. Okay. And then beef will come on after that 7 o'clock. So you can go right back to sleep. Well, no, a beef was not doing a show in an attenu. Sir, that's the beef was trade out show. To get all the free stuff. See, we don't have to do a trade out show. That's we got one step up on those guys. We don't have to do a separate show on a weekend. And work six days to trade out a bunch of crap. We can do it right here during the tend to two. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. New y'all. Yes sir. Happy same patty. Back to you sir. Top of the day to you. Oh, lady. Did you get to see the scum set in those front line today about the good reverend? No. About the reverend lion, Jimmy? Oh, yeah. The one we remember that gave us cheerful resignation yesterday. Oh, that was taken by the judge. Yeah. The best part is all of the leaders and everything. Got together and they even put it in bull print. We weren't he wasn't the Messiah. So it's all right. There you go. You never stole a free train. Exactly. That's the funnier. My father's in bad taste after the train crash. That was a bad line for them to put on the paper. He never stole a free train. Oh, Lord. No, but that was the funnier as far as like all these pious people and everything. And this is the man who's supposed to lead them. I'm going to tell you, you do this. I want to give you one term. It's an oxymoron religious leader. It is seriously. But I was whether you had mentioned that yet because I was so hilarious. We wasn't the Messiah. That was the goal line there. He's not the Messiah. No, how could he be without throw with that little bine on his head for pressure? Have a great day, sir. How low your Hollywood? That's what my client would say. Open line and grab. But I'm tempted. That was an entertaining game last night. Penguins in Dallas. Anybody see that with a great my client. Anybody out there. Oh, that one guy in me, I guess. And you're right. Marty, Strock. What did I tell you guys? You think you know something about hockey? God comes up to me at the last or not the attend. I was there for the temper. Again, before that, whatever was, must have been so bad. I forgot already. Before the game, he says to me, I don't, I don't still don't see that Marty Strock. What did you see in him? And I thought to myself, oh, here's another panther expert. Yeah. They're hockey, even we got in this town. This guy is making plays. That other people only dream of making. Okay. Just like me. I do radio shows here. That other people only dream of doing. Just like today's for example. I'd like to see somebody else in this guy at the town who come on here and say, I'm a beast. That's right. Tell it like it is about this horse and buggy operation here. I mean, you know, it's just like Bob Green. I'll get forget about Greg Reed. Okay. Let's go back to the past. Bob Green. I told it exactly the way it was with him. Some days he was a good guy. Other days he was an asshole. Some days he was your friend. Other days he'd stab you to back. And generally speaking, we got along. Okay. Most of the time, right? Until a sale of the station. And a couple times when he started with the nickel, which was a bad mistake. And he knows it. But other than that, he was okay. But at least he was smart. Not dumb. Smart. Not dumb like Fredo. And others. Although he didn't have a good haircut either, you know. He was kind of schmoochy. Look. Trying to think of anybody I ever worked for in it. Now Gary Lawrence. There is a guy that looked he presented. In fact, I remember when we had our first meeting when I went to INZ and Gary Lawrence became gentlemen. He had a manager after they blew out Stanley J. Cohen. He was a piece of work Stanley Cohen. Neil, why are you bumping on the sales department, Neil? But anyway. If you're running Gary Lawrence, then we had a meeting on the HM. You ever saw that building? Did you see the LINZ out there in the DJ? I interviewed there at the same time. I was interviewing at IOD. Oh, so you saw the building? You know, I was in front there was a big HM and I was looking at the other. Every ass looking pretty good studios. And Gary Lawrence gets the whole staff around there from INZ and I-95, which is now, of course, was became data for. And somebody asked, well, how do we address now that you're the new leader and so, and his line was. I hate to say that he really said this. Dressed for success. Now, thank God he would never use like a trite cliche. You know, Dressed for success. But seriously, he was the one guy that I worked for in his market who looked like a general manager. You know, I mean, he came over the nice suit on every day. He was well manicured. Well, the thing was a good guy. I like Gary Lawrence. He was a really good guy. Of course he was Jewish. But then again, so we're standing the coin. Why do you show it? You know, we got the Myerlanski Josh Friedman Stanley Cohen. We got our share of assholes. And some of them smell bad. They like Myerlanski, but you know, smell too good right now. Buggy Seagull. Ooh, man. Smells like, and Josh Friedman. Man, oh, man, a shivots. Well, what was that thing about the soap that? Oracle, the paper this morning, it's cemetery village. They don't want them to have the soap. Oh, I got a great line for that, but I'm not going to use it because I do need this job. I have a fantastic line about soap and cemetery village. You know what it is, don't you? No, it's not about lamb shade. That's it. Come on. Cut it out. Stop. And don't forget to soak in some water. Yeah. Okay. It's on. That's a wrong cut. You jackass. What the hell is that? Oh, my God. I put you know, I did a cute this this up to the number of the disk and not the number of the bit that I want to play. I like that. Oh, a cute one. Oh, man. Not really coming down. It's a little fun to think of this day. A great day for any of you, Charles. Across the USA. What the corner was this high here? I am Valley who has a bunch of squares again in the fear who says, and I wish to. God is a sea-a-e-reation. And let's start your game. If you are, you want to be marching upon think of this day. You can be above my bucket of stone short enough. No game, but you can't be a huge issue, really. Not the order of high barrening, but heaven and earth's great. I've delivered this pronouncement upon the Blessed Day. Sure, a little bit of heaven, farland, nothing to see. What you're going to do to have a home of sexuality. Oh, God is a sea-a-e-reation. What's the name of the Blessed Day? That was there for no one else that I think in the day. You can be a con of my ears, I'm God loves you anyway. But you can't be a huge issue today. Oh, hell, e-s-e-a-e. Oh, and f-l-l-e-n. She was an other women hard to meet with. From Devil Amund to never get a date with. Hell, e-s-e-a-e. And we say, oh, right, it's a shame that you gave one the palm out and march with us, and then see and no way, but you're fast-heartened a little harder. You draw to such a straight. It boils like the Divinity, the Day of the Century Greaves. We won't allow Lucie to pan the wet and other green. And when we say up to any of this boy, is that what it means? Oh, God loves the A-ish as long as it remains. But it remains. It's a absolute recurrent. We've never been short of them. You can be seen. You can go and parallel and jump to the Laven All Away. But you can see and you're a-e-s-e-a-e. No, no, you can't see and you're a-e-s-e-e. Oh, so long, Jesus, I-e-e-e-e-e. You know, I-e-s-e-e-e. You know, I-e-s-e-e. Funny, I play that today. I posted the same tag. They had a dream last night that I was in Madison Square Garden. And there was a big wrestling match going on. And Cardinal Connor was in the wrestling match, and he was on the bottom. 116-560W to give him the Hank Goldberg Show coming from Yankee East, even for Lauderdale. Today, to do 6-6-6-6-50. Another short show for the Booster. Of course, we can get his fat as Boogie. You know, he had to do it in little spurts on the show too. 6-6-50, the Boogie Show, preceding Marlon's Exhibition is baseball. Marlon's at Baltimore to play the Orioles. Oh, are they going to be picketing that? Oh, Orioles, you know, the ones that are going to go out of Cuba, pedale, pedale, go to hell. And then after the Exhibition baseball game, 10 o'clock tonight, Panthers at San Jose to play the sharks. Now, last 5-0, I believe, last 5 times those two teams have played. Not only have they been ties, but I mean, coma inducing tight. Oh, God. Like the last one, San Jose game that was down here, they stopped. Oh, my God. boring. So maybe you want to stay up late and catch that, but probably not. Okay, here's a lady in Miami. Hello. There's a lady in Miami, like I said, hello. Hi, Neil. I just have an information for you on Sam Basin. Yes. He does have a show on Waxi 790. He is. Yeah. He's on 10 to 12 on Sundays. Did somebody get him some teeth? I don't know. He's still coming the show. No, he's still coming. He's still doing the coming attractions. Yeah. In Larry's, they're going to stay for it. And what did he talk about? The same thing every week. Which is. I don't listen. I always heard everyone's in a while. He starts out doing his like everything happened there in the week. And then he brings him the same old guests every single week. And then talk about the same old things. And then they'll do it that way. Yeah. Like we story. So Larry's paying to put him on here. Yeah. Another way Larry's paying back south for it. For all the money he ripped off. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Bye bye. So there's a guy with no teeth in a radio show. I want you guys. In fact, maybe they like him over there. Well, actually, maybe he's, you know, going to boss a little bit. Kind of like what Hank was doing the grid read yesterday. We have an open line, a couple of them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's south beach. Chal. south beach. Tom of all those latin, uh, Madakone's south beach going once. Going twice. Probably Andrew Kmanin calling us, you know. I don't think that was him in that place. In that houseboat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. What is the old? See? I have to tell you, Neil. The more humans I meet, the better castro starts sounding. Uh-huh. That's the way. The more human colors, again, that's the way I feel about it. Uh, totally. And Neil, as far as the Hank, uh, I think we can find what we always knew. He always thought the big one. Yeah. There's no doubt about it. Thanks, sir. Go feed El Castro. Okay. Trace that call. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You're opening up a candy warm. It's with that performance yesterday, hammer. I'll tell you that. The Humper. Man, oh man. He had to be joking. That couldn't have been for serious. When he was talking about what a bunch of wonderful classy people, the beesleys were. Oh my God. I didn't know what to scream or just drive off the side of the road and ended all. Cry. Now, what was he talking about the one, what? The one I got in the head to domestic problems. It was he talking about the one I'd like. Grinch a lot. And which bee was he talking about? Oh, by the way, in a special hello, all our listeners out of West Coast. Hey, listen, you know, we tell it like it is. They hired me because they wanted to big ratings, the big bucks and tell it like it is. Okay? So there are a bunch of slime balls, but you know, they're not bad people. I guess you're cheap. Two cheap. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Uncle Neil. What these people are so slow is it me is it the weather? What is it? The weather. Yeah. It's getting hotter. Listen, I got a disagree with you and take the ad. I'll just say that. Hang in no ask, sir. Yeah. How many times have you ripped Jarabi? Jarabi is dead. Jarabi is dead. Talk to Jarabi, stadium. I don't mean Jarabi. Oh, the stadium formerly known as Jarabi. Right. I mean, I mean, I don't mean Jarabi. Oh, the stadium formerly known as Jarabi. Right. Well, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, the real bad. I mean, the stadium is in an animal object. The stadium can't fight back. How many times do you manage them in here? How many times do you put people? He don't like. He rips the program director, but that's easy. That's easy. Pickins. Yeah. No, he rips the little people. Like I said, the beginning of the show. Anybody can do that. That's not true. And you know, he's a list of police ask us or next to you. You just have a guarantee contract. Sure. And a little bit better situation, obviously. Well, you mean, he doesn't have a guarantee contract. I'm not sure if he does that. He's not a contract that's written in cement. Baby, don't kid yourself. Okay. And I just, well, he got suspended for, for stating his opinion. Well, that's because he's a pussy. I wouldn't have put up with that crap though. He was, they were totally in the wrong. And then he goes out with Michael Pundy. I didn't channel 10. And he's like a apologetic. He should have said Greg, we did an asshole right there on channel 10. I would have gotten up and given a salute if he would have said that. He would have said the water not see in the sales not see the other ones who he's possible. He was in the right on that. He wasn't in the wrong. But he does interview. He will over and later. So what does that have to do with this? He doesn't a kid fast. I mean, he does kid flu. I'm not going to ask you this. I understand that when you're doing a sports show or any kind of interview show, you're an apricarious position because like when you do the Jimmy Johnson show, you can only go so far or Jimmy's going to say, I'm not going to do the show with you anymore. Just like surely used to the remember we do, I'm going to be on with Rick and Sud because they didn't watch the game that week. I mean, he's coaches. You know, the kind of egos they have. So I understand you have to be a little careful with that. Like when you were doing baseball, you're not going to get up there and rip everybody in their uncle on the show when you're doing a job and you're doing like a baseball analyst or if you were the commentator or whatever. I got a news for a sur when I was doing you event baseball one day, I got a call at home from Howard Snill and burger with that time as a football coach who was better than a wet hand at me because the football team decided to do their scrimmage on the same Saturday that the hurricane baseball at the same time, the hurricane baseball team was playing the old time as game and they brought back Randy Garra and all the how he should puer and I went on here and I ripped them and asked if back during a game, I ripped them in ass. I know the chance or anybody, not for this kind of money, maybe for about five min and year I kiss a man. I just don't think Hank, I mean he slipped yesterday, yeah, it's a hot hot hot hot hot, that's I see if he's not a generalize, you can't generalize him as a ass kisser. Yeah, I mean he really isn't, I mean he, yeah, he I guess he he must have shared a little bit of a share of Nick DeVar when he was on the show on IOD. Huh? How about a burstrel? Um, that's hot, I didn't hear that interview. Hey, burstrel. It's just right in the hand space on here at IOD and he said, oh man, that was good. He did, just like that scene in the movie with Tom, I was, what was that, see Tom Asala, was that movie? The hitter. Oh yeah, remember what's rocked or how any spit in his face? Yeah, that was disgusting. Yeah, and then her eight rehearsals, did that right in a year and then I said, do it again. He did. Uh, the only thing is I was pretty shocked that he did. He was doing it again, Sam. He did that, but I think he made me, he might have got a really good BJ or something that the stadium when he went to the show or wherever it's rolling stones. Oh, that's from the, from Mick Jagger? Well, he must have had a really good time. Good, I've never seen him so happy. Oh, well, I've got to talk about lifts. Okay, well, we'll find out that I'm going to make your whole screen for us in the, problem too. We had a little dilemma there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and Pong, 5, 60, and the 18, T, wireless, I mean, Larry King, the reason that he has those guests who come back again and again is because, Licky, Licky, Licky, if ever one time he has some tough questions, they'd never come back again. I used to have guests years ago and I used to, and they were boring shows, and I've already apologized. I apologize, I apologize again. Most of those guests were as boring as step-in-step as Sniffin. Dog, okay? Even more so. Same tired old stuff. And if you brought them on in the argue, it's like the Catholic Church wouldn't let me have a priest on here because if I had a priest on, they knew that I was going to argue with them and make them look like a jackass, so they wouldn't let me even come on. You are stasis. That's how confident they were of their position. They wouldn't let no priest come on and debate me religion on my show. But that's why all those people like Kaross Pero, and they come back over and over again and just sucky, sucky, sucky, sucky, which is why that show most of the time is garbage-leric King show. It's an embarrassment. Marshmallow roast, that's what it is. And this man has sucked his way all the way to the top. He's making millions and millions of dollars. He's no all over the world. He hobbed knobs with a rich, the famous. He's been married 150 times. Why I have no idea. Because even my dog wouldn't touch the best part him. If there is such a thing as the best part him, his wife just had another baby to guys 97 years old Larry, and he's still running around going to the police. Yeah, that's his claim to fame. He's stiffen all the people down here. So maybe Hank wants to make a $50 million here. I can't believe him for that. I'll tell you what, I suck ass for a 50 million year. I would kiss a lot of, I would do just like Larry King. And I work for a year. That's right. I work for one year. I take all of that money. I say, okay, I mean, bearers, but not to embarrass like Larry, Larry, Lou Jackson, I don't know what that thing. You know, embarrassed to have done it, but not to embarrass to take the money. Thank you. And now have a nice life. Good bye. Yeah, and that would be it. Here's a tamarack, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is Bernie Kaplan and Kevara. Yes, Bernie. Yes, I have a Patrick's day. Yes, I have. I'm not. I have a penny later for this same Patrick. Neither I, even the ad you can know somebody to go as your hire. You're ready to get some information? Yes, I'm all right. Save Patrick for the next. Yeah. Missionary. Yes, I'm David. David and Ireland. The Bernie, you're living proof. Yes. Is, is, is, is, is. First date was celebrated annually on March 17th. And it was an, an actual holiday in Ireland. And when they were celebrated in America since, in 1937, yes, when a group of Irish businessmen met in Boston and founded this day to celebrate. They used to have a civic parade, church services, playing kits. But the fact that the scammer has become a symbol of this holiday and it was won. Because the three leaflets use is to illustrate the doctrine of the Trinity. Excellent. And green, the national color of our lives. The father of the son and the holy mulling. Okay, well, happy, pays off Bernie and thanks a lot. Cheers to much of things, facts is by the way. A lot more interesting than whatever Bernie was of wrap in his guns. College wrestling on channel 309 on little dishes. Look at those boys, grab each other with a gay club. I told you, wrestling man, college at high school wrestling. It doesn't get any faggier than that. Corn beef and cabbage, here's another fact says is not a traditional Irish meal. Like most Chinese food in America, CBC was started here. Oh, see me, see I thought that was started in the Canada day. Corn beef and cabbage started here. It's another phony baloney Americanization, a back to theization of a dish that don't even exist. Okay. And like the lady said, they like their bacon. They like their pork in Ireland. Fuck it in and hold it. My back is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls. I don't even have enough to factus world. I tried to keep reloading that technology, but it's don't get no bigger than a doll. I'll feed. There's nothing I can do. I only got a 3 inch tool. You'll be disappointed when we reach by house. But you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a man. If you know what you're meant for, like a happy meal. You can't more than a second from your high heels. You'll swear I was in the pool. Because I only got a 3 inch tool. Sometimes and I wonder if it will ever grow. If I was a homosexual, I couldn't even push in your tool. Who? It looks like there's a peanutware that the change. It's got capillaries instead of things. I took a circulation with a pink earring. For how long we not just like a buffalo wing. It's been a substance too. Because I only got a 3 inch tool. Even with a metric rule. That's my fault. I only got a 3 inch tool. Tell them guys. You got a 3 inch tool. I'm old, baby. You got a 3 inch tool. Come here honey. You got a 3 inch tool. It's totally not quality. You got a 3 inch tool. I'm like it only found a 3 inch tool. 133 or 560 W to Qm on a great Wednesday. It is a St. Patrick's Day. I thought the I and the March has had a Monday when we moved into this new studio. It was going to be the turning point. But say, Patty's day 99. This is the turning point. I know more lives. You can feel it. Turning point into my health. I feel like I make it a little bit of a comeback after three months of nagging, annoying crap. Not a lot of the wood yet. Dr. Markle. I heard a Mark Dr. Doodle. Take some blood right while I'm on the ear. I want to test it for everything. Air. I read. Look in the face of this old aching. Probably body of mine. That's what I want Dr. Mark. Air. We got them tested. It's been a minute. Some haven't heard of yet. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How are you doing? Great. Okay. I like it because you thought like it is. Listen. Thank you. The day on the raw country club was interviewing Don Smiley. He was kissing his brother left and right. Yeah. They've time. Yeah. Don Smiley. Don Smiley. He gave us all his phone stories about how he was like four minutes away from my and the team that you never did. Listen. He was going to. Don Smiley. Great. You look like a model. You look relaxed. You look. I mean, I couldn't believe it. Really? This is not an anchor. Is it an anchor? Is it an anchor? Oh, my God. And it closing? Yes. Thanks. Bye. I'll have it. It's not a cool. Look on you. Oh, boy. Who? Now that's run. Check is the walking insults. Better watch it. Thanks. Just off those checks. We have an open line in the Broward 6600 and day 240 on the West Coast. We got plenty of open lines for it. Always that way on the show. That means no waiting. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah. This has been a truly momentous day. I think we finally hit the jackpot today. What was that show? Jackpot. Who was on it? Who was the guy with the, not Tom Don't Like us. But he always used to wear it at the leather jacket, the black leather jacket, the game show. Huh? And used to be on a jackpot. Oh, come on. What was his name? He was up noxious. I hated him. Jackpot. Don't you remember that show? Ben show. Here's the homestead. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. On a hand. That other caller. Earlier he's commenting on Hank. Not talking up too much. She should have heard him the week before when the stones were coming down. I'm Greg Reed. Given him those tickets. I did hear that. But you know, I think that was incredible. I thought that was a grain of salt because it was just like a little dry. But yesterday was like 10 minutes solid of suction. Even Kathy Willis never kept a sustain at that long. You know. Well, that even Monica. Well, he was he was he was blows. He was sucking up in blows, Ryan. I'm all at once. Really? It was incredible. How the tickets he kept running and going on about this and then. I heard it. It was incredible. And then the thing about the bees Lee. That's what that's what put me over the age. When he started with the bees Lee, and they were in the box. And they were the only ones at the concert. I mean, in the box at the kind of the, I mean, the bees Lee, these people are so measly. So she's so negatively, if I can say that, it's unbelievable. Definitely. They still got the first nickel they ever made. And it closed. You know, to work in Jacksonville, I hear. Yeah. In closing. No more, no more OJ. No more OJ. No more juice. Okay. You got juice. No more juice. That's what they're saying. It's a White House court. Till we clean the first rest. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 8. 5. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 6. 7. 6. to be in. Have you been in the shower at the canter? Those are real men. Yeah, come on over here. Don't be shy. That's not the boy that hits a little surprise. You may not know what my hands go. But I'm gonna think what's right, I'm gonna know. And make you smile. And you got it. Yeah, stop six men like the get it's your. Or the jeans that goes on my toes. And the three my legs is where they could go. And I'll fix them right there. I'm gonna go to have you. Mellow my. Take care of the food and Saturday. Come on, man. Okay, okay. Come on, give it a way out. I'll come on, make it your honor. Check out that thing in the middle. You don't know what it's good for you. But it's better to pay to me. Oh, man. Make it money and you'll know. I have to tell them that it's not fair. You've brought the all-news of the best. Oh, hey, it's not this as well, baby. Oh, you. What's this? What's this? Okay, 17. Okay, 17. Go to it. It's 60. What is this? It's not. It's not. Okay, anyway, five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Five sixty on the 18. Well, I think we started you. You know, some money they sound to. They all sound like that in these car machines. Oh, God. I hear hope not. God, I sure hope these cars don't all sound money like that. And it's the triple neck we got. And my biggest problem is I don't want to fall. Listen to that. And it sounds like it's eating the tape in her tune out. That was Steve Young by the way. God. And you're telling me I'm supposed to be a say. See, this is exactly what I'm talking about. I don't care. How many tickets to the Rolling Stones they would give me or the arrow smith or anybody else? The fact is chief, the bees liys and Gregory chief. I mean, they probably dug this out of a dumpster one of their other stations somewhere to bees liys. And we're supposed to kiss the ground. They got us a triple that car machine through place the Roorn Out of all piece of crap. We had downstairs, which replaced the other old triple. This is probably the same one we used to have all day reconditioned. You know what I'm saying? Somebody spit polished the heads on it. Have we spit polished the head? God. I mean, that's a terrible clue. We're back to that again. We're back to that same one. We first came here 14 months ago. This spots all the other room. We're like muffled. Like horseshoe radio. Try different slots. Now I got a different slot. I'd stick it in. Where's Gregory? Back home. That's where this belongs. He's a crap. He's probably down the ball. Yeah. We'll see. I mean, they're different decks of the different heads, you know? Different levels of head. Kind of like Greg was getting yesterday on the year. Here's the Wilton Manor. Hello. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Yes sir. And we changed the subject a little like a little story. There is no subject on this show. The subject is whatever you guys want to talk about until I'm bored with it. I thought I heard this on a news you. They thought you'd find enjoyment in it. It's where the crime. The punishment fits the crime. It's in a little Texas town where they had a problem with cars, young kids and their wombbox. There are their speaker system. Yeah. And if a young man was found guilty of disturbing the piece, they made them no fine. Yeah. They would make them sit in the courtroom and listen to their music for an hour. Yeah. Which included Barry Manolo. Oh. I think they were said that included the thing, the Barney. Oh. And at the end when they interviewed one of the young men and he said, Please don't tell me Michael Bolton Gloria's stuff on. That would be it. Well, they also, if suicide time. They found somebody that was liking the music that it's omitted with something else. And Johnny. Things like that. Johnny Versace. So at the end they interviewed one of the young men and he said, Well, I'm selling my speakers in my car because I'm not never going through that again. Excellent. And I thought that was just, and the judge was, you know, didn't want to find them or anything. Just know probably want to fry them. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir. What was you saying? Share with them. 5, 6, 7, 0, fuck. Come on. Let's hear some Irish stuff here today, huh? Any good Irish stuff. And this show today also proves we've had the fact of what a genius I occasionally am like about twice a year. That there is no Irish. There's no story. There's nothing to tell. When you ask what are the great contributions of the Irish. Is there any? No. No. I wish cuisine is there any like real Irish cuisine? No. No. Any real reason why they celebrate this holiday? Be said, getting drunk? No. No. And you like that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. My Irish history is a little rusty, but the Irish irony of this same Patrick was an Englishman. And he was captured by, that's where I can't remember. But he was imprisoned in Ireland. He escaped. Went back to Ireland to teach them about Christianity. That's why they got the clothes. The father son always experienced all that. Yeah. But you know, I mean, they're going to kind of Irish saints to choose from. They've chosen an English one to celebrate the drinking festival. But also, it's pretty stupid to me. Like I said, it's just a holiday to get drunk. I like the Fourth of July. I think Labor Day. And one other thing. That's right. That's that woman, the growing half-wrapper. Yeah. Now, you're reading an excerpt from writing for four about the gay scene down in Miami, South Beach, yeah? Yeah, South Beach. Well, I've been in a couple of years. And the first few times I went down there, went in the straight clubs with my wife. And there's just a bunch of drunk gangs to punks down there. You know, looking for any reason or bread, neck or whatever. Right. You don't even need a gay club, sir. And they've all they've done his dance and ever in a great time. You know, they might be rolling on acro whatever. But it's not much more enjoyable than having the stuff up through. Right. That's right. But just don't touch him. That's all. And you'll be okay. Exactly. So, you know, wake up listeners. They're going to gay club. And just the coffee. Okay. Have it right there. No, don't encourage these straight assholes to invade gay bars. No, Bruno. Don't do that. Christ. Stay there. How loud are there. Okay. See, and of course, the facts, we make sure that they do stay up. Because then they start groping with an object. And they start running out to door. Some of them. Of course, some of them, like come back again for more. But, you know, that's the way the world is. There are a lot of people who are like, they're right down. You know, well, I don't know. Maybe George doesn't believe that. Of course, don't even start. Okay. Don't even start. Like I told you, straight people or somethings you just will never know anything about. I'm talking about real straight people like you. I can't think of anybody else. It's 11 before 2 at 5. 60 WQA. I'm on a tremendous Wednesday. God, this has been, you know, I just had that feeling. The first time in three months. It's almost three months to the day. Three months to the day. December to January to February to God damn freaking mark. Three months that I've been ill with the, with the Anna Course now that I know it's the jaw. And maybe psychologically I know until we can have my mouth guard. Maybe I'll come here. Maybe I can be bigger than Sam Grison. I'll come and do the show with the mouth guard in and gum my way to the top. That's right. Why should we only have one person going on this station, huh? It's day. In my empty child. I've five to two. WQA. Every time I feel a little weak in my young.