4T, 560, WTAM, Miami Fort Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil Call 567-0560, toll-free for David Broward, or Pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest, colors, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WTQAM, easily re-vaccination or the Pee-Grot-Fast Group. Now, Neil Rogers on Support Radio 56B 2a-w-m. Goal, wastil, borroth listener, yoke, innit. What is that號, footprints? Stealthing. Presbyton Ruckel Talkin' on a日 show. Tried to do be macho. Your будет style stunt tube lies, unрасent ear knock arrows. of girls. I live in her sports shoes. Watch out. Are you thankful, Gaby? Gassy? Talking like a baby? Who needs a little draining? Like a few other snacks? Do you smell like a snack? Be with those rubber snacks. That's your throat, Gaby. Gaby? Gaby? Gaby? Your lucky man is just a girl. Gaby? You don't belong there on the air. And Gaby? The sports can wait till your voice tracks. Of anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And say you only take you back when both your babies drop. L-Candy? Gassy? When you're gonna grow up, you make us want to grow up. You silly, silly fool. You're free. You've been this far and make you shout out to Gaby. What does it understand? Gaby? 10156. You're doing this for free. Young listeners. Of course, I am a captive audience in here. Because Jimmy's time to punch up the red buttons on the board to your work. You're just saying, the only year is on there too. I don't listen to the card. Sorry. I think that when Reneery starts in a couple of weeks, I'll be listening. Just to hear that, U-Gabugal one more time. So I'm listening about 935 and just what a propitious moment I hear a default in needland and the guilty about Hank is to make some cost to come into the other day. And then also, I get in there again. Now, see, Gaby, you can make all the comments you wanted. Of course, you have no credibility anyway. So the idea that you're making pass and comment on my show or Hank's to begin with. See, one thing that anybody in his business knows, they know why I'm on a year here. They know why Hank is on a year. They have no idea including us while you're on a year. We have an suspicion, but we really have no idea what you're on a year. But again, always responding. It's nothing to have a week come back, but they have no comeback. And to make up stories about, wow, what did you think about that beat those BN buttons and about that conference? Gerald trade. I was the one from the beginning. I liked the time for Gerald trade. And I said that Mark Perisha allegedly was a hell of a player and he turned out to be. I never knocked that trade. That when it comes to stew barns and Marty Strochka, I didn't hear Gaby say nothing about that. And I didn't hear him to respond to what I said yesterday morning because he can't respond because again he got it wrong. About the O'Floorian playing on the first line and the power play for Colorado and Bop, Bop, Bop, you know, just talking a lot, talking up the storm. And of course, when he's got other people sitting in that room and don't know nothing about what he's discussing, it's easy to get a free pass on it, including the audience. Like that Jack S. White, always listen right now. Listen right now that I heard the call, oh yeah, well, no other sports station in America, do we have to listen to some Fag and midday, Pock and Fag hockey talk. Now, I want you to stop and think about that. Do we have to listen? And of course, here's another one of these guys who could quote you chapter and verse, everything that I say on his radio show. And you know, he's listening right now. And when it comes to Fag's pal, I got news for it. There's plenty of Fag's effect. Manage was tell me he was done here a couple of weeks ago. Tell me that when he was playing for the dolphins, there were like at least a half dozen guys on the team that were screaming Fag's. And a lot of the guys used to shower like, I'm one in. I don't want to say which end. Air me sport pal where everywhere everywhere you go, there's Fags. I hate to break the news yet. And you don't have to leave this building by the way, there's lots of us. There's Fags all over this building. We're up to our, all right, no, we're up to our back. In Fags. Well, I got my soul. I water here. Blocking my finger. Okay. But Jolly, man, I'll tell you. You see, if you want to stick with information, if you want to respond to what I'm talking about, fine. You can't do it. So again, let's make an attack. He's on the air begging for people looking. I didn't even know it was my 23rd anniversary. I came back Monday from vacation. Forgot all about it. And George, of course, it set up all these contrived deals here. And they bring down the cake in the party in the parking lot. And yeah, I'm on the air begging for cost 23 years. Yeah. Yeah, must be a money year 23 years in Miami, Gully, because I don't have any talent. Because I don't know what I'm talking about. Because the audience out there is not entertained. All those ratings, all those numbers that come in. I have the fixed in and Belle still in there. And I know I have a big in up there. I know somebody there. I'm paying somebody off. They're all bogus. It's all a bunch of bullcrap. So it must be pretty desperate there in the morning this. They're a Huck in the Chinatown. Instead of talking about the fact instead of giving opinions, but in of course, like I said the other day, you can do that in this town, because they only deal with the personalities like that Jack asked to call the, I had an ad about a guy, you know, back down. I'm so proud you didn't back down. I'll only deal with personalities. Not with factor with substance or knowledge or information, because most of the people in this town, don't have any knowledge when it comes to sports or much of any other topic. You picked the topic and there you go. When we're going to look like that, that's just the nature of this town. So he can go on a year and make up all kinds of stories and suck-bryen worries, ass and tillers just nothing left in it. Okay, and you know, and life goes on. And I still stay, you know, Marty's truck is got 29 goals. Two of ours has got 19. Oh yeah, Pittsburgh's he's been on the outs with him. He's got 19. That's two more than anybody on a path is a guy so far by the way. Ryan Marie's done some good things. He's made a lot of mistakes. A lot of bad mistakes. Okay, so you're trying to be objective. Not just a professional assucker like Yelding, who's on the payroll. So you want you on the payroll for an organization that immediately you have no credibility left. None, zero. So no matter what you say, like it takes us back a year ago, year ago now at that horrendous time when they had that the coach show would be in the morning on Tuesday mornings. How could anybody forget those days? And if you weren't, we actually had Christina Moore had to come in and be the referee the pivotman to screen the calls to make sure that there were no tough calls coming in for the thin skin VM. Because you just couldn't take it. So I mean, you know, it's just personality. It doesn't interest me. What, you know, what your opinion is it me? They're showing anything like that. But talk back. Give some information. Know what you're talking about. Do some homework. I saw the Philadelphia Montreal game last night. It's entirety. I saw the bees are going up some more greasy goals and Philadelphia fold and which I love. And the third period losing four to one. I saw that. Did you see it, Galdi? Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Yeah. I don't know how anyone can listen to that show in the morning anyway. All they have is commercial vines. Yeah. It's all sponsored. Yeah. It's awful. Yeah. But can I change the subject for this? What do you mean change the subject? If we don't have a subject, whatever you want is the subject. Okay. Another board by it, which I probably will go on. Go on. It's all about the acting side from them. Oh. Yeah. Can you tell me how it reduces cholesterol as you eat all that red meat and dairy products? I haven't got any idea, sir. That's like asking me how when you put something in your mouth does it go through the intestine to the colon and come out the, you know, rectum. It just works. Flight like asking, when you have a bad splitting headache and you take two aspirin. Do the doctors know how it works? No. Does anybody know how it really works? No. But, you know, so you can either sit there and, you know, this is like the guy would have lived in crap again. Asking questions that we don't have answers for, I don't know, maybe even Bob Atkins doesn't know. It just so happens that for a lot of us it works like a miracle. So we don't ask any stupid questions. In fact, I'm getting a screaming loud grain just from here in him. Or from that helium, one of the other. Just unbelievable these people. Don't ask too many questions. Okay. Just like the Pope says, don't ask any questions. Give us the guy damn money and stop asking the questions. Okay. Just do it. Like Nancy Reagan said, whoever that was said that, the people would have not got anything before. See, and even they got a swish on it for their logo. What do you think of that? All these professional athletes run around with a swish on their thing. Yeah. We talk to have a purple little handbag but have a swish on your thing. Yeah. That's what I mean. Just like Al Golstein told you, believe me what I tell you. Sports at the gate club you moron. Much of guys shower together patting each other on the ass. It's a goddamn gate club so you can go, you know, Fag, Fag, this is great. So what's the point? Fits right in here. That's why they brought me on this station. They said, what better the guy's got big ratings, a lot of sponsors brings in a lot of money. And he's a Fag, he fits right in on a sports station. It's a Fag thing. And I said, okay. And here we are. Kicking some serious ass. Did that guy call by the way is he on there? That guy won't call. And you know he's a listen right now. Call another show. Every time somebody calls a show and wants to take you with something like, well, Hank said yes, that's out. What do I always say? Call him up and talk to him about it. Spineless jellyfish, cowards. Yeah. I have no problem with default, but default is someone intimidated. That's like laws or. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Intiminated by Ruchia. What do you have that I'm intimidated by? Well, I don't know. No, you kind of turned red when I come into studio. Why would I turn red when you come in here just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way onto the show. I'm not warming my way. I don't want your way. I don't want your way. You know what? This goes back. Let's clear the air right now, Jeffrey. Yeah. Back at the Adela Dreams former radio station. When you came on the air on Neil Rogers Show and trashed virtually everybody to the work to the station. I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil and trying to work your way around going through conventional systems about getting a job on the air that you were saying that I was saying that I was saying that I was saying bag in your chances of getting on the radio. Abs. And that's what I kept hearing from Pete. Absolutely. That knew you personally. And it's said to say that to me, you're running around saying, oh, well, this to forest is the reason I'm not getting a job. Oh, that's not true. That's not true. But anyway, I want to move on. No, no, no, no, no, no. You're just going to move on. You're saying, I'm jealous of what you're doing. And I say, what is that? You're kind of not showing say that? No, I'm what I am saying, though, is this. I just feel sometimes you kind of get a little uncomfortable. I'm intimidated by you. You're going to be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back. Oh, why are you airing? Like this. Okay, 10.15 at 5.60 WQM. Did that guy call get by the way? The Spimeless Sportspan. Mr. Macho, what is big telephone stuck up his ass? Didn't call. Got a strange, your piece of mail. In fact, it's only been back from vacation three days. Already had some real bizarre mail. Here's the letter from Anne in Vointon Beach. And I'm volopin on the outside. It's got a picture of, it says, L-O-V-E, or at least it looks like that. And of course, I guess that's what it is because underneath it says, Jerry Stevens 55, whose SkyWrits messages about Volker Raton, says, God told him to fill the sky with my word and that's version Mary named his plane. And there it says, love in the sky. The skywriters is writing love in the sky. So I thought, well, this must be, you know, some cryptic anti-religious. I opened up the envelope and inside with no writing or anything on it. Is that Easter card? With the picture of Jesus, I assume that is, is he that her child in the head and with the bed of the outfit. As an Easter gift, you and your intentions will remember during the Easter octave of masses Easter Sunday to low Sunday to be celebrated in the Holy Land. May the blessings of the risen Christ remain with you always. Jesus is Lord. And then it says, Hallelujah, Christ is risen. And on the bottom it says, Well, thank you so much. And in Boiton, be to me. Now God bless you too sweetheart. Dusty Springfield is dead. Christ cancer, age of 60, I scoured my whole collection back here. I got some at home. I have to bring in tomorrow. I thought for sure we had some here. No Dusty Springfield, Danut. Well, you think you might have one in there? Oh, wishing that I hope I only want to be with you. I'm ever playing, I only want to be with you because I remember saying over and over again. That was the one record that somebody must have held a gun to everybody's head and said, you've got to record this in under two minutes because you could hear the orchestra and Dusty. They're like singing so fast and fast. In fact, like we got to get to sober with the buzz. He's going to go out and he's, yes, he's. So no more Dusty Springfield, Danut. He was okay. She was no Anne Marie, but here's a key largo. Hello. Hey, good morning Neil. Same genre. I think yes sir. Hey, I got a medical theory on Goldies Boyce. Yes, thank all that. All that fucking is crush his voice box. That could be it. And he's got that squeaky voice. And then maybe as of course, larynx. Hey, tonight if you're a channel, flip and channel surf from whatever you call it. I'll be a talking game tonight sir. Yeah. Oh, man, you got to record it. Have a smiley on that B.E.T. Have a degree's man on there. Yeah. Yeah. And these would be trying to explain what's going on. And you're going to have rock Newman on there too. There's nobody in the songs or audience knows who the degree's man is. They have no interest in that story. George City brought it up last week. Nobody talked about it then. I mentioned it on Monday and I thought everybody would have an opinion on that. The guy makes a, you know, we're very tasteless comment but nevertheless, you know, Yeah, talking to the guy on the can. He gets fired for making a joke. I forgot I was in America. Right. Why? You are in America. That's the problem. Yeah. Hey, have you seen P.E. Herman and Goldie in the same plot? Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That was sitting at right between him. Okay. Have a great day pal. Open line at Broward to in date 560560 and Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. No comment on that. The other that a grease man gets fired because he made a tasteless comment. If all by the way, somebody today will call and tell us what hip hop is. Because that bitch, what's your name? A Lorna Dune or whatever her name is. Couldn't sing a word about paper. It's 82 Grammy awards. As they hottest beats out to factory boys. By the way, they'll be on Luciania Twain tonight. I won't see that either. And Monica Lewinsky tonight. Anybody going to be watching that? No. I hate to break the news to you. Tom, jica. You know, Tom. I don't know. I think I think that ball spot. There must be something that's over your hair. It's going. I know what that's happened to me. It goes through this whole song of the dance about how much money she's going to make. And ABC is walking to the bank. All the ratings are going to get in raising the spot rates up for that bar by Wal-Waw interview tonight. And they showed on CNN this morning. I think the polls that like 62% of the public will not be watching and 36% of the. So they would. Now, 36% you got to understand is a gigantic rating if that many people do watch it. It's a humongous rating. But everything is relative. So still the overwhelming majority of us, even if I weren't going to the hockey game, would I watch Monica tonight? No, I would not watch that disgusting fat pig talking to that speech defected bitch. Oh, and by the way, speaking of bitch. Date line last night. Did you see that by any chance? Story about the end. Of course. Yeah, well, this is America with all the lawyers. We got people swimming everybody. 18 year old girl sued Ma for parental whatever the hell they call it because she is slapped her and you know, beat her a little bit because she stayed away for 24 hours and came up in the next day and opened up a mouth and called her and called her something like that fucking bitch. And that's exactly what it was. And I thought boy, too bad it's free Bailey couldn't get it on that one because she said that fucking bitch. And yes, what? Thank God the jury. I figured where the hell this was. Where was it? Somewhere in Michigan in Michigan. And the old and bright Michigan, right outside Detroit. And the jury said not guilty. Let's get involved into important stuff. Let's bring OJ back for one more chance to fry his ass. And let's talk about something important. But jikas says, how ironic that this scandal will end with one last lie being exposed. Everyone is sick and tired of this affair. Isn't this what you hear everywhere? The ratings for tonight's special. Well, again, Tom, what I'm trying to say to you is that at least two thirds of us don't want to hear one more word about it. But when you got a turn to the people that are obsessed and they pointed out by the way that the Republicans in the CNN survey this morning, the Republicans are the ones who will be watching. Because they just can't get enough dirt. They just waiting to find out one more word. And then, of course, we'll get into this raping and then we'll find out that he's got a purple penis. And it'll, I mean, just there's no end with the Republican penis police. That guy calling yet, by the way. He rolled a whole goddamn thing. I can't believe it. It's only the third of March and Greg Reed shows us facing the other room. Didn't you tell him what I said yesterday? He heard you. Third of March, we got three out over three and a half years to go. He shows up here and I give me a look. I've been having such a good time this week. I've been in heaven. Come back in this morning. Get ripped by guilty first of all, which is getting ripped by a homeless bomb under an over-perfect room. And then Greg Reed comes in here looking like his usual cell. Here's a mobile and a hell and a deal. Hello. Yes, it's happy to be 20. Oh, don't do that. Yelde, you'll get upset. I'll have a lot of important stuff. What do I want tonight? The hockey game or our Monica was with the cigar action. Forget about it. Yeah. I'm going to be at the hockey game. So I really have no options. Why don't they keep saying the theories up to the game? It's up to the season. They don't even know what to tell the time to do. Who said he's out for the season? Where'd you hear that? I thought they were. I thought they said on the news last night. I was watching the DSB and they said it's kind of spraying me out for the out-for-the-down. Wrong. No, not out for the season. How it indefinitely means out for a few games. They don't want to be back. Not out for the season. I'm not sure. Okay. Get a right. See, see, see, this is what goes on on this radio station. 20 hours a day. People who think they know something about sports both the ones on the air. The ones calling in, sharing misinformation with each other. Theo Ferrie, he's out for the season. He's out. No. He's out with a spray-in-dee that he got late in the game in the Colorado Edmonton game on Monday night. Spraying the heel-be out tonight. And if you were watching last night, which I'm sure this guy was not on a small dish, filling in Montreal. Montreal is playing Colorado or whatever again they got on next week. Colorado and somebody. And they were saying whether Theo will be back for that game is still debatable because he's out indefinitely. Meaning he'll be out there like Pavel Burrie was. He wasn't out for the season, but they didn't know exactly when he was going to be back. It was a similar injury I guess. But these people call it an organization. There was at one percent of these people who got any idea what they're talking about. If it's unbelievable, which is why you can have a punk like guilty on here. You know, talking crap. And they're just out there sucking it up. We could put a goddamn monkey like, you know, gorilla's in the mist. How'd you like that story? You can be yesterday, by the way, huh? I could just hear Al Jolson singing or was it any catered by by Tutsi Goodbye? What a nice story that is. Just like an OJ deal. Just like an OJ deal with machetes. They just brutally killed eight people. Just go, gorilla's in the mist. And I'm not going to say anything beyond that, okay? Because I heard about that greaseman's story. So I'm not going to say nothing about gorilla's in the mist. But did you see that on the news? Here's Haly, hello. Mugarro Marikong. Yes. Feliz, aniverrissario. Gracias. Any old happeners, sorry, I have to call Wednesday. But usually Wednesday is by the office. On the other hand, I have to get on the phone. Yeah. You know, quick question. What have I happened to Dave Albertstand? He's in the West Coast. On the West Coast. California? No. Oh, because I was driving now. He's sitting at the home right now, repenting for sending us home and ties. And yesterday. It is also ever a politics from the hell. Mike Mayo? Yeah. No. What a jackass. Yeah, he, you know, but that's difficult of this down. And of course, nobody makes anybody accountable in the stunt. I'm the only person who tries to do it and it never happens. People say all these things and they never live up to him. I'm not going to go on here at this station, but nevertheless. You know, there's only a very few of us that really appreciate you. And like I've been telling people, what until you're retired, they're really going to be crying for new monitors. Well, you know, I'm on here is a big and legulacy as begging for people to call him to congratulate me and say happy birthday and happy anniversary. Let's see what happens on Gellies 23rd anniversary on Eronis Town. How many people are going to be calling into? Oh, congratulations, Gellie Boy. It's been a great 23 years sweetheart. Yeah, right. And maybe another five or six years, one ball will drop in your voice. Oh, drop down a couple of licks, huh? There you go. And you're enclosing only in this town, sir. Only in this town. You're absolutely correct sir. In closing, go the Esco. Okay. See you. We have the open line and brown all of day. Very slow this morning. As usual, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Let's hear from people that are going to be watching Monica tonight. Let's hear from some of those right wingers that just can't get enough. That just can't get satiated with all this Monica crap. You know, I'm seriously, I cannot envision. I mean, we already had the Monica video tapes during that last weekend with the impeachment hearings in the Senate. We already had those right there on your tube. How much more? How could it, it just like, I think it's tomorrow. Isn't it tomorrow that the book comes out, I do believe tomorrow? Why would anybody, in fact, that was even worse than the TV thing on the toll on CNN this morning. I think it was like 79 or 80 percent of the people said, no way, they would not buy the book. Why would anybody invest money to read? To hear the same crap all over again from this slot. Which is exactly what she is. And of course, the media will never say that. That's a crap. And that's a lot. Right. Because she's been so wounded and a life has been so destroyed, nobody would ever heard of this bitch. Nobody in the universe would have ever heard her. Now she's a celebrity. She's on ABC. She's doing interviews with a BBC. She's writing books. She's going to make millions of dollars. Even Kathy Willis never made that kind of money for giving a little head. I'll turn it that right now. The Rogers got. The first hand found, Chandler. The first hand found. He's a wonderful mit golter. had a major Win, too. his three musstered hur, he is winning ocupberries safe to head and הנigin with his parent who is able to attain кisner of this lounda borture sa going into the rainbow, we can stand damn ta bes �ody We're just hitting that car. Why then as a heart? The friend's just a jade on the bed. The fifth will be chircle. When we find out he's been strict. What you're afraid to play, I'm down the board of his day. Go on our dead end, gimme, we're the dead end. Go on our dead end, gimme, we're the dead end. Yeah! Come on, come on! Come on! Come on! You know the reason, right? Left against the mover. As the previous fan says, Hey, it's just like a hoover. The friend of the board, guys, somebody's been there. It's been very light in the home. It's been a great day now, but all we've had is a little bit of a little bit of a weird, weird, a lot of people. We're fine now, he's been strict. One, two, three, four, I can't afford this jade. Oh my god. The third is here five, 62 am. The last thing you know. The last thing you know. The drag thing's drag. That's the especially for that horse that I called it. The second belt is back this morning and morning and you show it. That's great. You'll be peddleist in the back, ready on the back. Hot these documents in. Hey, you this from my radio and records today. Just handed to me by Greg Reed, who came down and spoiled my day. Doug greaseman track wastes because I saw him. Doug greaseman track will hold the press conference at the downtown Washington church today, they will apologize and express his humility spokesman rock Newman told our an art today. Track was fired from infinity classic rock or WARW FM last week for an on air racist remark associated with the dragging death of a black man in Texas. Newman said track wants to use this opportunity to become a better person and that his desire to get another job is secondary. Right. What's the use of this opportunity to suck up to those dark, complexed folks in Washington and really needed any more than I made that comment about Martin Luther Cune day or whatever was he saying. Which brings us back to that story and you gone to by the way. And what does it say about that? And of course hundreds of thousands, I mean this particular group of rebels as they call them. That's a nice word. Lunatics, Stone Age Barbarians, hundreds of thousands of their countrymen. They've been killing each other for less to a couple of years. They're a different tribe, though. Oh. Yeah, I noticed that I noticed they did not do the Iki shuffle at the, did you see any of that footage with the Iututi? When they were playing by by Tutsi goodbye and they were shaking their booty rhymes with Tutsi. Yeah, they were shaking that little line. So maybe it's a cultural thing. I don't know what that's all about. Why why does anybody, why does any person in its right mind go to Africa? To go to the rainforest to go on these safaries or what, what do they go there for? To see the gorillas. Here's Western, hello. You better go to church and apologize. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you don't have to go to Africa to see the gorillas. Yeah. Let me, I need to get your personal opinion on a problem. I'm having to remember what happened to Howard Post-Sheldman. I know, well, I don't have any position where they can fire me. I'm not working around. I'm not working. So now they're interested. I have this guy, actually I am working. I was be asking about that. I was a guy that sits in front of me at work. Yeah. Got to be 400 pounds on like on a light day. Right. He wears these white shorts about every day of the week. Yeah. He got a dirt enough to cover. I would say Joe Robby stayed in easy. Okay, they're huge. He wears a pup tent. He sits in front of me. Yeah, when you're that big, because I know about that, you wear a pup tent. Let me tell you what he does. And if I hope you had not had a big breakfast. Yes. Yeah. He leaves over his desk. He gives me a shot of that big carcass of his and he's got a little brown spot. And hey, and it's different. You spot. You've got to understand that when you're that fat and believe that, I've ever been 400 pounds. But I've been real fat at times. When you're that fat, you do a lot of seeping. I mean, that's the most, uh, because I think you don't want to see. Because that's it. What do you think? Do you think I should tell him? Tell him one. Well, you got crap on your ass or something like that. What were else with you expect to have it? Oh, it's all in here. It's better than being like guilty and having it on your tongue. We have an open line of day two and a Howard. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, Why do you think they call a guy B and anyone? Huh? That's what they call them. See, I'd like like a city for if you're gonna, if you're gonna take shot at least get your information right guilty. At least know what you're talking about. And then Greg Reed comes down here and says to me, Oh, that was good radio this morning. That was great radio. The big controversy between me and guilty. That's great radio. Yeah. Look at George. He's strangling himself with his guy damn headset cord. That was great radio. See, and he means that he believes that that's the best part. He believes that guilty belongs on the air. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, doing. Okay, sir. Hey, I really enjoy your show. At first time, caller. All right. And the worst thing is the worst team and I'll tie that go. That's been a gift always so paranoid and so thin skin to get so insecure and deep. He's got those cliches, but the guy really knows. You learn nothing about sports on that radio show, you know? They do. Black and white with Joe Rose with the social life and the elderly, Mr. Joe Joe wants it all, you know, if all these guys are getting in, you know, how they do with the ladies, the ladies, that business is a just a little pondress. Yeah, but I have a thing that I'm going to grease man takes over morning, and I'm going to tear in a couple of weeks because that's why Greg really came down here to give me the news. I wasn't supposed to be there. I love what he knocked on Gell because he's a young punk trying to make a name and I've voiced. Listen, there are, there are young guys in sports like Bug. I mean, he's a much too fat, but Bug at least is a broadcaster. He usually knows what he's talking about. And now that they separated him at the hip from Christina Moore and they got to do away from each other, now Bug is developing in the like a real talent. But Gellie is between the voice and the suction factor. There's nothing there. Yeah, that's why I see Joe Hawking now. I see him on Wyoming now. Yeah. Well, I mean, why don't you get on there? Oh, yeah. He's 23 years old. He was trying to be the suckhold. He's on the payroll of the organization. Just like the stuff you read in the newspapers of it. Like yesterday morning, they're quoting Robby Needermar. Oh, well, we got to do this. So we got to do that. Here's a guy that never played one full game, 60 minutes. And his entire career with this organization. And they're always taking quotes from him about what they got to do this and they got to do that. When is he going to start doing that? He's going to start doing that. He's going to buy his dog, man. He got his cut down. But he's got no heart. Right. There you go. When is a wire? They always quoting him though. He's got all heart, but he's got to do it. He only want to on team that'll talk to that. That's fat Mike Russo anymore. Yeah, I love you showing the Ellen Keeps knocking Gellie. Can have a great day. That voice, man. Okay, see ya. Goodbye. Well, nice day. Two open lines and brown. I'm going to do something. I think I'm going to do the rest of the year. I'm going to do it in that voice. If he can do it, why don't I do it? Two open lines and brown. Five six seven. Five sixty. And pound five sixty at the mobile one line. Come on, let's hear it. Are you fired up and pissed off for tonight's game or what? No. I mean, if he can do it, I can't wait. We. Salafting gamma. That's a one. From the people that brought you maybe last piece of brand new exciting game show on pornography central. Make me come and use your host. Think. Mows. You know, when you're in service on your host, they're not in game. Today we're going to find out whether our forestar can make Rebecca of Dottie Brooks farm Tom. If not going to be easy because Rebecca informed us earlier that she's only had sex with farm animals. You may be keen. Let's meet on first forestar. We'll still. Wow. Just now we get that. Let's say, need my fake foot. Anyway, we'll still. Rebecca of Dottie Brooks says, make me come. This is my. This is my. I'm a child. Oh, this is. And. I don't believe. We're back to me. You're not a guy. It only suits you. A lot of instructions. The. Come. Come. Take me. What is it? That's fine. We're. Come. Only on pornography central. Four questions hints. We're. Remember, we? 54. Twenty five. encrypted. Put on that. Partners. We're in findings to do the. update of how much money I need to get. Take them. Put them. One, two, three. That's embarrassing. Be careful. Thank you. Do not get on my screen. Thanks. There's a number of those in the recently smart conference. Do not let me know. I don't want to do what the universe really get guilty upset. I was on hold and then Bob and Cheryl came first hand came in and then Bob and Cheryl and I I gave up all those people to come in. I was I gave up on it but happy anniversary. I'm going to make that book too by now. Yeah, go ahead. I've heard listeners you when you run Zeta in fact over the years it's been about 10. I have got a lot of free crap from you on your hair. If I can find listed it off for you, you've got a few of them on it. Yeah. Hang up on me probably. Probably. Probably. What kind of crap? Well, I got two free heavenly hands from you. Oh yeah, heavenly hand. I remember them. I got two that year. I got a bunch of pushy people by the way. Yeah, they used to be a sponsor a long time ago. Never again. I got a lot of time. Well, you talk about people that just pushed me a little bit too far. Are there anyone? I don't want to say anything but since they're not sponsored anymore, it was second rate. But it was free. Yeah, that's good to hear. I got four box seats to an eagle stop in the game. It was cold at night. And what would it happen to Penn Dutch meets that was coming on here with us. Remember that George? They were coming on. I love Penn Dutch meets. I guess they want to let that guy kind of like, you know, Yeah, they want to get over that. Yeah, good over that. Excellent. Yeah. Axle those tickets for $200 and watch the game at home. Great. So let's see. Well, we didn't show. I held up a lot better now, though. We don't give anything away anymore, huh? Yes. So no. I got, I got, I got, I got, I got, I got. I'm going to stick in a few months ago. Somebody calls it, well, you know, you know, a lot of us don't get free tickets like you to make the big books. We'd like to have tickets to go to a dolphin game or a passing. You know, something that's fine. I do appreciate that. But it's boring radio. It's terminal. It is coma inducing. It's a tune out. It's almost as bad as hearing Gellys voice on here. You just leap to the radio and this smash it. Yeah, I don't see a controversy between you and him because he's insignificant. He's not a bonkester. He's not a freaking broadcast. He's a little sporesnored with a squeaky voice that they've empowered to come on here. And like, like, he knows what he's talking about. He must be somebody's cousin. But anyway, I have picked you somewhere. The real reason I called is, although he's done a real big. Yeah. Did you see, uh, on the news Monday about this guy who you may have talked about this already. I'm not sure if he's like, uh, he's one of the head hot shots cops and you know, Why didn't why have I given you all this stuff over the years because you're so chronic, you know? I haven't called you in, uh, No, I don't mean chronic in terms of number of calls, but just chronic sounding. Oh, I don't know. Is need George? He's chronic sounding. But listen, how did great day? Okay, we have two overlides. No, I'm not going to let him go. He's droning. He's going, but, but, but, but, and on, it's, you know, he's a good guy, but he's boring. Wait till we give something away. Call me back again, pal. We got some tickets for tonight's game. By the way, I saw on a paper to at 1,400, unsold tickets included the pants at the back for tonight's for the avalanche, even without the old fairy. I mean, let's get serious. This is, this is the renewal of that great rivalry from three years ago. Oh, he had the Stanley Cup finals in Patrick Frog and the geyser. See, it's also fake. It's also make believe. That's the problem in this town. When you think that you really got a lot of people all in throughs and really into something and living and breathing and then you find out, oh, they would just all have bandwagon hop. That's all it was. Speaking of hip hop. So I never finished my question. Why, I asked George, I'm on day morning. I said, what is hip hop? I'm not afraid, you know, well, I'm stupid. I'm the first one to admit it. There are 85 million things that I'm not often about. And that's one of them. I don't want to hear any plays these, he's reaching for Seattle on the air. But, and he says, oh, well, that's what they call rap music now. So, in other words, they used to call it rap music. And then one day somebody in the music industry woke up and said, well, let's call it hip hop. Anybody said, okay, okay, it's hip hop. What does that mean? You can call it either or. It's like if I said, oh, there's a scale over there. And you said, oh, no, that's not a scale anymore. That's a tree. That's a we we. It's not a scale anymore. Oh, what is that? Hip hop. I mean, I know what it is. There's no question about it. It's pure unadulterated. But beside that, where did that come from? Hip hop. Two open lines in date county, five six seven oh five fifty. Let's call on the congratulate guilty on his 23rd anniversary on the planet. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Okay, nice talking to you. Here's a mobile in four Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Did you hear about Jerry fall was cousin coming out of the closet? No. I heard on the Howard Stern show today. Yeah. Earlier this morning and I don't know if I found two accurate, but he said some about I wasn't going to come out on TV, but that Jerry fall was claim that he didn't know about it. And two weeks before that he came out that he said hi to him in a restaurant. So I don't know if anybody else knows any more information and they should call him and tell you about it. Okay, great. I thought he might like to hear. Okay, I hear he likes to wewee. I have a great day, sir. Okay, I think we left him in the wake of that. We have an open line of Broward to a date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. By the way, yesterday I'm sitting in my mother's having lunch and I decided I'm sick and tired of this to be in sick. So I called up my dermatologist office in Hollywood, which is right around a corner for my mother's place and you know, trying to make an appointment to get in there right away since I know Stanley, the big shot there. And she says, well, how about Monday at two thirty? I said, okay. And I sat there steaming for about thirty seconds and I thought to myself, I'm not going to talk to some bin bet sitting in the office somewhere. I'm going to talk to a guy. He's big hockey fan. He's from Toronto. He's got to be a good guy. Big panther Spain. He's at most of the game since right behind me. Released in the role behind me. Anyone the other end. And so I called him direct. He said, come right on over. And I went over there and he looked at me. And there's that rash. He's still there. I feel like pretty crappy to be honest with you. I got like these, you know, pains behind the eyes again. And the skins that all hop at the rash doesn't go away. And it wasn't the Adelaide by the way, Dr. Expert over there. Dr. Pusk in the oc. I don't think that was in. And so he did a little biopsie. So they sent it to lab and find out exactly what it is. So we're there today. Or probably tomorrow I'm going to find out what kind of like leprosy it is. And they give you like a little shot, little anesthetic. You know, just hit back. He said, it'll take 30 seconds. They give it like a little shot that hurts like a son of a bitch, by the way. And then when they take the little plug of the skin out there, you don't feel that because you're already been in an anesthetized. And so now I got like a little scar in my neck. Do I still have the, the rash? Yeah, but we got to find out what that is today. Like a bubonic plague, that's something good. Something that can give me something tangible with to get all of this symptomology out of my system. Because if I if I started in on the way, I feel about doctors today, I would go till midnight. Non stop. I'd never take a breath. In fact, mostly if you go to one of doctors, they'll make sure you'll never take another breath. Here's Holly, would hellow. Hey, are you done? Okay, sir. Uh, Greece man, you should be on a radio station here in Florida. Did he really? Yeah, he was on, uh, with the heck of the one up in Jacksonville. Oh, nice. Yeah, he was, he was grosser than he is now. I don't see what the big deal is. I don't get it. They just got a real bunch of sensitive dark people up there in Washington. I guess with those sensitive. Hey, I got a question for you. Why do these people that own these, uh, commercial accounts do their own voiceovers or whatever you want to call? No, no, one word. Ego. Is that what it is? Yeah. They sound like El Dorco. Right. Okay, you take care. Okay, you too. Bye. Yeah, he's right. A lot of people have insisted on doing their own spots. We got many of those people here in town. Like, uh, like King Paul isn't King Paul dead, by the way. Because I see those TV spots and his, uh, kin. He's a, his daughter in the husband or whatever they are doing this spot. And actually some of those spots are kind of cute. Even though they look real, Dorcoe just like King Paul over the glasses and the whole deal. But they're just some people like that. They really don't care whether they're doing any business from that. It's just like Martin King. There's a guy that don't advertise on his station. Martin King and Scott King from King, uh, whatever it is they pedal. I mean, you know, kind of re, uh, Martin, Martin King. Well, Martin, you know, you get a personality transplant. You're very stiff. You're very stilted. Your delivery is a bad. But we do know who you are. Uh, you know something I think it is in this room again. I think I'm all man. I'm having a bad airway. You know, something that just started after Greg Reid came down here. And all of a sudden, I'm all like choked up and jaggin on stuff in here. It's in this place. Here's a mobile in Bocae, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a question for you. What, um, what happened to your website? What happened to one website? The Neil dot. That's a nice and history. It's Neil Rogers dot com. You got to get with the, with the call. Oh, the bathroom. Oh, the bathroom. We're almost at the end of the century. And you're still like a 200 years behind Neil. I have a high-class dot com. Erica Orlando does a great job on it. Okay. I'm writing around with a coworker of mine. And he's he's laughing. But yeah. And he wants. Well, I was telling him about, uh, I don't know. I'm in a basket. He wants to hear that. Is there any way you can play it? Anyway, I can play with the whole thing. Yeah, please. So how much does it work? It works in the last few starters. And the rest of it later. Okay. Thank you. Good idea. Oh, yeah. I got this guy in the middle. I got this guy in the middle. Good idea. Oh, yeah. I got this guy in the, actually he's in the trunk of my car. I kidnapped him. I mean, he's your show like poison. But I got the speakers blurring. So we can't miss hearing it. And I got him locked up in the trunk. And he wants to hear something like, Get personal nourishing in the basket. They'll get to it. Oh, there's something bad in this place. There is. Or maybe. And you know something. Greg Reed told me his kid's got mono. And he hasn't been feeling too good. And he's here. I want to spread it around. He was in here like half an hour ago. And I'm already like choked up. And I'm jagged. Was I doing this before he came in? No. No. Shouldn't let him lick your face like that. Oh, that was my face. Toby, I thought you were alive. This is Kevin. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in going through operations time. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation because many of the best surgery places for all of these things. Mm-hmm. And those were going to be more extra with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I can't. It would be right. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens stopped crying yet. Mommy. It's usually. Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that one with you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy. Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a boy, man? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Papparo Bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I'd probably use. It's the lotion in the basket. I understand. It was the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the person in the basket? Okay. Would you like to make it a point when I do want to call me back? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the blanket. Oh, Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make it a point when? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the child. It works the lotion in the basket. Hello. Welcome to the 560 crew. We got Hank from the Darrellah to a clock. Booster from the National Car Eating Center at 6 and then 7 o'clock to pregame. Pantas in Colorado at night, 730 any interest? No. Okay. You know, just above the story about the grease man going to church today to try to save his ass and his R and R today thing. This story is and coincidentally, the guy that just called before about the grease man used to be on the eighth in Jacksonville. Wait till you're this story. It says no more monkey business. WPLA Jacksonville night time or Dick Dale wanted the one up cross town WAP which was doing a cash call contest called Spank the Monument Monkey. WAP is known as the big ape. So last week he created his own contest of the same name. The difference, Dale's version involved male listeners who competed in studio to see who could not be masters of their domain in the quickest time. WPLA even recruited two female volunteers. The serve as visual stimuli to the contestants. In keeping with the theme the contest ended prematurely, scored scored. Not that way. When one of the 14 contestants who just happened to be in undercover vice cop busted Dale on a prostitous and statute. Program director Rick Schmidt was suspended and Dale went on vacation until Monday when both will return. A little premature scored scored evacuation. How do you like that? This is the kind of stuff that's going on in radio in America today. Is guys are coming in and spanking their monkey and they're bringing naked bras in their pentastines like the old Ron and Ron show. Of course in that case it was the host that we're doing it. I'm still trying to figure that out. I know it's not very complicated. But they used to bring in a skanking naked bras. I mean, scabby, you wouldn't touch him with somebody else's. Okay, believe me. No matter how desperate you are, even the thing wouldn't touch them with his thing. And I used to go in there in the other in the control room and I'd look in there and hear his Ron and Ron and Fez who of course was all read in the post. I think it was a face. And they're sending them to his naked bras. I'm thinking it's a radio show. They really don't have to be naked. You follow what I'm saying. It's just a radio show. Nobody can see it. You're naked right now. And in that case the more close they would have put on, the more peeling would have been because they were skanky. I mean, scabby. Even scabby, hey, never looked like that. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Anyhow about that, uh, uh, uh, the fact that with the uh, crab tank on them. Yeah. Sickies. Open line of day two and growers, 560, 50560, one of yours, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Like I told you. Oh, look at this. We got the Mickey work lady on here. Hello. Hello. Yes, this is the Mickey work lady. No, I love to know. I just test that man. He's a little scumbag in the world. Why are you always saying that? Because you're the Mickey work lady. Oh, we love me. Oh, why? The charm of the world. I'm just going to make you work with. Why I'm calling. Why are you calling? Why are you calling? It's because. You are like saying, you're a reporter saying reality. You're like a litmus test for the same. And people can't under the end of your show. They're saying that's all. You know that? Oh, and Mickey work lady. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Did Mickey work lady who's a little under the weather. Yeah. You're not going to put the on this. I mean, what's the thing? You're not going to put me on. I don't want to tell you how you're touching people out there. Yeah. Not many, but the one you're on, not enough. I'll tell you that. Well, they're not because they're dead. Branded on in the head. I love your show. Okay. I love you. Say how to make it. Okay. We have an open line and they do a Howard five six seven five 60. Pomp five 60 on the 18th to one was line. In fact, now we've got like 8000 open lines. Here's a mobile informa waterdale, hello. Deal. Yes sir. I just gotta say you didn't let the decisions between hip hop and rap music. Which is one. Hip hop is the culture. And the regretment is just a news about it. Hip hop is the culture. Yeah, that's the way you live, the way you dress, the way you carry yourself. The regretment is just a regretment. I don't like all that. But I'm in the hip hop. You don't like rap music, but you're in the hip hop. I don't like all rap music. Yeah. But I live hip hop. You live hip hop. Right. Which means... Just like you gay. You don't walk around gay all day. Oh yeah, you do. I'm in. You know you put old pants, you know what we're wearing like a lady. Oh, sure. I do. I got like pantalones on right now. You have this hip hop. Yeah, yeah. Back comes in here. Start naked. Yeah, just don't let you know. Cause the tour is on the old hip hop. Okay. Well listen, hop on this. And have a good life. All right. I mean, I'm gonna find that explanation because they call them music now hip hop. If hip hop be a way of life, then how can it be hip hop music? You be following what I'm saying. And I was thinking the other day because there was a pickup truck. I was sitting in a stop light with two, it really kind of redneck ear white kids in the blasting the music. And of course they had that rap music on that real. So it's here on a golden rated crap. And I was thinking, what a shame, you know? Cause now it's like all the way up that say like early 30s. But that be about the right age to say that all those young people do a rap rap. And then they consider that their music, which I think is, I mean embarrassing would be an understanding. Would you even admit that you like that music anybody out there? No, no. I mean, if you were white, would you admit that you liked that? No, no. I mean, if you were black, you're supposed to be like this guy. Oh, he said he don't like all of that. Yeah, is what he said. But he lives hip hop. Kind of like the Easter Bunny. He lives hip hop. He's just stopping on it every time he can. Now, if somebody would teach those folks a little bit about birth control, we'd all get along. Don't you? Exactly. Him too. We have an open line in the broth and two a day, five, six, seven, five, six, eight. Oh, that's, you be illin. Is that what that was? Sure. Let's hear it. Don't you? I'm a little bit. Oh, yeah. You be illin, baby. We can't. Okay, what? Put it on the suspended ventilation, hold on. Yes, push. Back to the bow! Have you ever had the run? And there's a tough notice over she's square. Oh, God, the golden under the sea. The kind that makes your eyes really sweet. You do the green, have the quick steps. When you try the moment it starts at the wrong. Where she's worth the human and die, the rear slatter fall. Yeah, that God works in mysterious ways, doesn't he? I mean, what kind of God would create diarrhea? Constipation. I was asking you this question many times before. Does anybody ever have an answer? No. Even animals, even your dog, course you got him on a human diet. You know, that's going to be the excuse. Even dogs get the score. Hopefully not in the house too often. Thank you, Chuck. There's my buddy Chuck from the sub-setters. Bringing me my last meal before I croaked from whatever this. And I just said the George during the break. I said, I've got this like twitch in the island. Am I left eye along with all this other stuff that's going on? He said, yeah, I've had that for the last few days too. Now, it's not interesting. I go away from here for 10 days. Feelin' pretty good. Feelin' anything I could, okay? And this rash, you know, going pretty much away, and making a little bit of a comeback, but not too bad. Come back here. It's the third day back to work. My eye is twitching. I feel like I'm on dead store. My head is aching. My rash is like palpitating. My recto. You feelin' too great either. You don't think there could be like something in this place, like a real sick place, do you? Uh-huh. Because God forbid, they should have to actually spend some money and clean this, put it, join out. When it does, clean that, join out. By the way, here's a facts from on the inside and clear channel. They all hate each other over there. Can't they get along like we do here? This facts says Peter Boulder would sell his children and wife or a permanent sucking spot on Ron and his recto. What it's supposed to, that's what he's asking. How do you like that? And that's true. How do you sleep? How do you live with yourself? Peter Boulder, all the lives you've destroyed in this market? How do you like it? Even at the slaughterhouse, over there in Chicago? They don't destroy as many lives as you're doing in this business. You piece of walking, turd. Garbage. Garbage on two legs. That's you, Pete Boulder. And of course, Tom Jick is busy writing about Monica Lewinsky tonight and about how she's really going to have a big audience and spend the fact that, you know, Tom, why don't you write ever about anything that's going on in this town? We got all of these things. All of this butcherly going on in the media in this town. And you're busy always missed their network expert, you know? All of these things. Yeah, that's what we want to read about. We don't give a crap about everybody in our brother knows that bitch is going to be on there with that a literate, with that speech defective piece of garbage from Miami Beach, Bob Waw. See, that's the scandal, not that Monica Lewinsky is going to be on there. But that Bob Waw is doing, and that, you know what, she's the guilty of TV. I see a tremendous parallel. She can't speak. She cannot speak at all. Tom Brokeau and Barbara Walters are the guiltys of television. They can't speak even a little bit, and somebody somewhere decided that they were sensational and worth millions of dollars to put their ass on there. It is absolutely unbelievable. Okay, deadlines open 560, 50560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. And by the way, Gueldi, to talk about what a heart ass and little piece of Turingue are, while virtually everybody else in the building came down and said, Happy 23rd anniversary Neil on Monday, including those people that hate me like poison some of them. Did he come down here and show his little ugly face? No, not that I really care, but just to show you what a little heart ass he is. And he's not in me and Hank. Oh my god. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. I don't think we'll ever be the same again. Yes sir. Ah, there's a place out on my beach. It's called the Sandbar. How about 60 something Collins? Yeah. There's a guy out there who flips burgers. He's in the diarrhea. He looks just like you. And. And kind of funny. You should go check him out. You like looking in the mirror. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Oh my god. This guy awaited all that time for something that profound. Thank you. He discovered your other job. He why? He just discovered your other job. Yeah. I was trying to keep it on the covers. I think I make all the big bucks. You're not from this. Keep that. Not from the measles. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Never again. It'll never happen again. It's right. They're spluttering people in Uganda by the hundreds of thousands. Now they're slaughtering tourists. But they're with a little machete doing the OJ number on them. Never again. They're slaughtering people in Kosovo. Never again. You wait and see. We're going to go in there and do something about you. But I'll watch out. Right. And why does God sit back and let this go on, by the way? Do you think he watched that dressing in the Godfather? Were they said, they're animals anyway. Let them lose their souls? Must be. Because God was talking about all the slaves and how you treat your slaves. And you do this and you don't do that. See, if any of that was divided and spired, any of that bull crap that was written in the Bible. If it was anything over and above the intelligence or a lack of of the people who wrote it in those days, it would have said something like, you don't hold people as slaves. Yeah. And you don't keep women as being subservient and keep them out of the temple and the church and all the other crap and keep them barefoot and pregnant all the time. Unless it's convenient. You know, there's something there's something in the vents. There's a poison in this God damn place. You think I'm joking when I attended as a fungus among this? There's something real sick in this building. And I think it was down here about an hour ago. Here's a mobile in Okachobe, hello. Mobile in Okachobe. Going once, going twice. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. And I've never waited that long for a guy in a film before I hear you're Neil. But I just wanted to comment on that. What pain for him? I just wanted to comment on the Rappin Hip Hop. Yeah. And I'm a paper said Hip Hop is the background music for Rappin music. They're something that the words are used interchangeably. But Hip Hop is also the culture and it's the background music for Rappin. Yeah. That's all. And it all sucks. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. I call somebody decide. It's beautiful. Yes. You have to listen to it. Not all of it is good. Well, garbage. Some of it is good. It's dumb. It promotes your literacy. Not poetry. Not all of it. It promotes your literacy. Violence and stupidity. Not all of it. It promotes a culture that is so unacceptable. So I got some of these things. Sure. Okay. Where are your these things? Okay. And it's still sucks. There you go. She says it's beautiful. Is there anybody else out there that thinks that Hip Hop is beautiful? No. Come on. Let's go. I don't feel much on his phone. Come on here. Not with a little too much of that one. Tell some of it. My lunch now. Anyone. I don't like it. I like it. Before I quote from the QM corporate disease. No matter which one of these places you go to, they all got their own corporate God damn disease in his town. God forbid. They said. Like I said, we still don't have a guy damn exturminator. We don't have a bug man that comes in here. One, some month, once every year, once every circus. Do we have one? No. No. Here's a mobile and four. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. with your twitching eyelids yeah which one is a warm compresses five minutes on each eyelid. Why do you mean on each other I've only got one of them that's switching. Oh only one twitching? Yeah. Yeah just get a little you know think that's not a spot. It's not a get a gasepot. This spot. Or this spot. Yeah or you know just a little bathcloth warming up and put it on your eyelids. Yeah and then we'll about five minutes and then I'll take care of it. But what causes it? Stress. That's what it is you got at stress at this place. It's that God they medied the food nuts upstairs. If he knew that we were eating food done here right now he'd be he'd be jumping up and down like Napoleon. Yeah. Neoconocoslamidage back? Yes sir. Neuros and blubberlip. You're too big flamingage bags. Okay see it. Give me the dish rag. Well I'm sitting here naked and I got that picture of what's his name. Did we ever get a call on that by the way of course not? Let's talk about something important that I am going to I brought this up the day before on a vacation and it was like talk it was like farting into a windstorm. No I realized that we've looked a lot being on his second rate station. But I'm going to tell you somewhere out there there's somebody who went to pulmetto high. In fact there's probably somebody who was on a pulmetto high swimming team. Are you going to start this crap again? Oh yes. I just noticed this picture. Thank God George didn't throw this out. Brendan Barmer. Brendan's got a new friend. He doesn't know it yet but I'm Brendan's best friend. He isn't aware of it. Tell this was what they was. This was the Harold sports section on Thursday for boy T. That was the morning of an vacation at day. And there's a big story about how Brendan goes to a duking university. He's a 20 year old walk on swimmer and today he's a body builder and a this and a bad and all these other things. All these things. And he finishes the runner up in the Kellogg's raising brand crunch crunchathon. And I'm domino. Oh that's ready to six thousand abdominal crunches and all the other cramps. And it shows the Brendan sitting there with his shirt open and a big smile on his post. And I'm thinking to myself, well if Brendan would just show up here I could have like a little appetizer. Huh? Did anybody ever call and say, oh I went to school with Brendan. I know who that guy is. Of course not. What the hell is wrong with you people out there? Don't you know anybody? No. I mean the people we know are like so unimportant and most of them are so ugly. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Mobile and sunrise. Going once. Okay. Open line at Broward 2 in date. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah I want to talk about hip hop. I mean I don't know about that girl thing is beautiful. Yeah. It didn't really look beautiful but a lot of the have a lot of positive messages like like like be your woman to a pulp and negotiate some polices. Now see that the people are different types of rappers. There's a lot of deep rappers. There's one deep. Like deep. Yeah. Like you mean deep like in your bedroom that deep. And I'm not. Wait in there. Like a lot of people talk about real issues. Some talk about political stuff which really doesn't interest me. You know, but out of that crap. Yeah. I don't like politics. But whatever. It's like it's different because you have some rappers that are talking about yeah I'm going to pull out my gats or gun whatever. You're going to pull out their what? Yeah that's another word for gun. I know that. I thought you said something else. No. No. They're like oh yeah I'm going to pull out my gun and shoot you but a lot of people they like there's also like what are the type of music people fighting? You know what I'm saying? Like do you think Celine Bannon's going to scrap with Matt? Well I think sir. I want to tell you Celine Dion is the biggest piece of garbage. I can't stand right here. I'd rather hear rap music for 25 hours straight. I can't stand. Then here's Celine Dion. She makes me want to barfe even if she is Canadian. I can't stand that bitch. I hope she all walks with God in that little bag at the what's his name Leo de Caprio. Yeah. I hate that. He is a biggest piece of little turd man. Even in old bag like me can't stand it. Oh no. You have a saledary deadline he got. He's that kid my tag Nicholson. Exactly. Okay. Listen. Have a great day. All right. How about this? Okay. We're starting to learn about hip hop music today. It's about 10 we had a blending of the cultures in this town. What are we going to do about those island people? I asked that question yesterday and we couldn't answer it. Oh. Huh? See, here's our poll question for today. When you see somebody with dreadlocks, which of the above do you do? Which of the following do you do? One like hell, call a police or both of the above. See what he's gotten how much or the other alternative is like that's not. You're good. Like for example this morning, I'm channel surfing one of the shows they had that what the goal bird. Now I'm going to tell you something. At the risk of alienating my Jewish friends out there with the goal bird. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I don't know about those people they in the goal bird. That was from it. Yeah. But I see her and I immediately start when you start up chucking in that bird. Like that. Like maybe you've got a little dog. Like why that's always picking up crap off the ground and off the carpet and is always gagging up. You know, always on the verge of puking it's got that. When I see somebody with dreadlocks, I immediately start getting violently ill and those roster people over there in the Netherlands. Like I'm telling an Amsterdam. I mean, no places perfect and that's why they're there. Just to make sure that there's something there that'll be very annoying to. Go on rock, go. Do you know what I'm talking about? 1126 at 5.62 QA. I mean, can't the islands people delay thing besides drugs? No. Got their special link. It's sabotage. Yes, get down with the man who puts a disc and it's functional. M.C. Stammer. If the album that's flooded is way to the top of the job, please have a don't hurt you. You get unable to touch it. Have you viewed her and the stammer's latest man? You've got you. What's criticaly about M.C. Stammer? Your boy says, Piddena, M.C. V says, that's easy for you to say. And Ebony says, say, one moment. Oh, damn hell. Please have a don't hurt yourself. Available everywhere on CD's record and tape. Hop on the beat. It's 1132 at 5.60 WQM. We're talking music today. We're talking about people with real good taste in music. Like George. Oh, I'm sorry. No, seriously, in a few minutes, I'm going to play a record that I like a lot. I'm going to play a song and then we're going to find out if I'm full of crats. Now you're already not in your head. You're already saying I'm full. It's not back street boys. It's not some, you know, something that you have to be intimidated by because it threatens your macho of masculinity because if you admit that you like it or they intimidate me. By the way, how's 311 coming? 311, they're doing great. No, 311. That's if 991 is busy. Call it. We have an open line in date, 560560. Pampa. So let's hip hop on it. Maybe it's not just a music. It's a lifestyle. Let's get out of your band. whip it out and you're getting to. So what do I say at a cat in this pants? Opposite cat. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Yes. Okay, call me when you get a phone that works best. That was good for a Campbell O'Soupkain. I think that was extra chunky. I think Reggie would like that. Open line a day one at Broward. If I, you know, this technology that we got in this day, you know, when are we going to do something about it? We got so many people out there with so many bad bad bad cell phones and so many bad cells. Maybe that's to my eyes at which you mean we got a bunch of bad cells. That could be it. Here's a mobile in coconut creak, hello. Me though. Yes, sir. Let's tell one tell you I went to Charlie upstairs and I went there and what do you think happened? Give me a bigger discount because I mentioned your name. Wait. Listen, I got an answer. How do you look now? You don't get any better? Oh, I look great. I'm ready for the day. Ready for the ball for the big one. Listen, I got an answer a couple of things. You know, you're the most entertaining guy. I love you very much. Yes. But yeah, but, but I'm the guy that year ago that I want to take it for the playoffs and your cohorts made a fool on me and never ever came through. Let's forget that. Yeah. Yeah, now I want to go back to this. I'm a very close friend of one of these Solomon. I've been working with him years ago. Yeah, it's always. No. That's your uncle. I never heard of him. Listen, with the a bookie by the hand. I've never heard of him. Going back to was his real name, Aaron. Right. I'm going through. You were talking about Canada, David. What do you have today? What's the matter with those bananas? I don't understand. And I'll go and rock just there. I'll beautiful you've been to that and when you go there. And rock just what about him? Don't you know, I've never heard of him. How about Nick Tau? You ever go there? Yeah, I'm not going to tell you. You ever go there? Yeah. Never go say to you. Well, it's already been parked. Wow. You know, what a roseland park. Won't you let no more never heard of him? No, my heart's all gone. What's the matter with them? Kind of as you're getting old man. Listen, I was seeing you very. Yeah, I feel like we're done. Very entertaining. Okay. Well, I'm talking to you. It's okay. Two open lines a day. I'm going to say how to mugs you by the way. He's got a little bit of a headache, but he'll be okay. In fact, mugs he saw a little bit of a great hit of a dynamite on his station. He was a bookie. He wasn't just somebody that knew all the bookies. He was a bookie. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. Anybody missed dusty Springfield. She died. Anybody remember her? No. You know, Gene Cisco dies. Well, I'm on vacation dusty Springfield dies yesterday. And this town, all they want to hear about is how's Jonah Maggio? How's Jonah? Who gives a crap about Jonah Maggio? The ugliest man it was ever born. He made quasi modal. Looks like Robbie Benson. That's how ugly he is. And they're all hot. Gonna try to go about. Oh, Jolton's Jonah Maggio. He's 84 years old for Christ's takes. That's old enough. Oh, sorry, Mom. That's old enough. But I mean, for Christ's dirty Springfield, she was only 60. She was in the prime of her life for a little just beyond, you know, by 30 years. She's dead. The great, the late, the great from breast cancer in a less. Now, what was the story? Is she was dusty Springfield a die? I don't think so. And I always think that Ann Murray is a die, but she's got a whole bunch of kids, which of course we know doesn't prove anything. But I tell you one thing. She's really going overboard to prove that she's not. In fact, when she comes out to sing the, when she came out the last game at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, that awful 62 lost the Chicago. At the end of the game, they brought her out to sing that real, fearful song, whatever was that Canadian song up in actual anthem. And I'm going to tell you something, a lot of guys were thinking we should have suited her up the least later one again. She is butcher that most of those bag hockey players. That's what's got Melon B told me. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just called a few minutes ago my phone cracked out on me. Yeah, nice phone. Nice job. Thank you very much. That little pink guy is doing his job. Anyway, I heard you mentioned that the station needs a pest control service. I didn't say they need one. I said they're too cheap to buy to get one. Oh, because I was going to learn that they're, huh? I would like to apply for the job. But there is no job because they're not going to pay for it. So most of you want to do it for free. This much as I like to Neil. That's what I'm saying. That's why we went. One day we had a guy came in off the street, heard me belly aching about it and did a little shishpits in around, you know, here and there. But that was it. We got ants falling off the ceiling in this place. I am an ant specialist. Right. I can't do it for a race like muggy Solomon. Okay. Well, thanks anyway, pal. Thanks. See, there you go. Who ever heard of working in the establishment that doesn't have a bug spray guy and exterminator coming? Like at least once a month. Anybody in the history of radio ever working a station where there was no exterminator? No. No. Come on. Even when I worked at WIND for two weeks in Sarasota, that cheap prick-pud action, we had an exterminator. Not here. It's not the measly read way, baby. But maybe if you're real nice, Greggle, take it a dinner with Chris. And they do have exterminators there. I want to flag you in the butt, honey. Have you ever turned on the radio and said, that son makes me smell. No. Theo, take take records, present. Sounds that make you want to throw up. Yes. I'm so excited making one a throw up. You get sting. I can sleep far from and who could forget our class. You can do the puke. Sounds that make you want to throw up. Think of one of the five 60 WIND. They interested in dusting springfield. No. Or it's not. Okay. So what I'm going to do the phone is pretty dead anyway. I'm going to play this song now. I don't. If you like rap music, you will not like this. Well, you know, of course, if you like rap music, your taste is in your rectum, what's the point? Even George will, and now I've heard me playing this the other day. And you hate it. We don't hate it. It's just very mild. Nothing there. But go ahead. Thanks. She's already poisoned the atmosphere. Yeah, you have a wonderful boy. Music Hello our And all my dreams are ruined And all my dreams are ruined And all my dreams are ruined And all my dreams are ruined And all my dreams are ruined And all my dreams are ruined And all my dreams are ruined And all my dreams are ruined And all my dreams are ruined I'll play Just like you may And sit around the world The light of three Today And a time Love is I'm going to the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of all thanks to all the music and enthusiasm of it in thought bu I'm not going to do that. Oh, it's right. Oh, right. See, they liked it. So, 11 before noon at 5. 60 QM, okay, make it or break it. They, they don't know who that is because it's a European group. They're British. Steps. Number one in London, by the way, for a while, not anymore. And actually someday, if you live long enough, it might be released here. They also got on this same of this, but I didn't realize they did this anymore. Maybe this is very weird, but they had a CD single with two cuts on it. Remember the old extended play 45s that used to have like four to on each side? And this one got like two cuts. But I'm not going to play this, but just like a taste. Also a gigantic hit or a smang. Yeah, perfectly. But you know how I feel about the BG's after they screwed me on at America, why? Okay, two open lines a day. Come on, let's hear it. 560, 150, 5060, 15060 on the AT&T world of time. I want you to rush out to your music store right now and ask for it by name steps in heartbreak. You're going to get it? No, of course not. They don't have it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. So what's on your? Yes sir. Yeah, man, let's not let's interrupt music for 20 years. Oh, God. Yeah, I do. And believe me, man. The music is the most missed on the staff. You're the staff in America. Yeah, yeah. You're the staff. Seriously, man. It's a music, I thought, rap and music were like a competency terms. Yeah. And listen, man. That's why they changed it to hip hop because when you say rap, it's easy to put the sea in front of them. Right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Listen, it was a credit for people like you anyway. See what I'm saying? It was credit by young black women in the city. Yeah. You don't say it's that corporate America. You're right. You make a Michael off of it. So they kind of forced it on everybody's. See what I'm saying? Right. But they were the credit for you. No, man. Now, how badly did you hate that record? I just played. I'm not a fan of that. I feel like I'm breaking the hammer's car. Why just went to that. That was a very well. You're right. Five white people. You're right. Just follow me. Come on. Come on. You're a cool fan. I mean, it's a new point because it wasn't your mix for you. You're right. It's a mute point. Right. I press it. The mute button right now. Have a great day, pal. All right. I'll read your dirty room. All right. Okay. We have an open line of day. One in Broward. Five, six, seven. What did he be saying? He said it's a mute point. Come on. What about this record? Don't be such a relentless spick. I know that you may. It's pretty good. Yes, you know. I don't like it. What an asshole, man. You know that you're a seasoned asshole. Yeah. How could you not like that? That's a great song. It's nothing there. It's no 411. No. She's a little story. I got to tell you. Yeah. Good. Was that Jerry Lewis doing the hip hop? Here's Papadou Beach, hello. Hi, hello. I'm going to miss Dusty Springfield. Yeah. Here's one. Hello. Did you know she was a lesbian? That's what I thought. Yeah. It was a book about 10 years ago, but it was really bad. That's why these people who want to talk about Dusty Springfield. He was a dyke. Yeah. Probably straight guys out there that are of sets. Good. All emotional about bull likes. But they don't want to talk about her. You were shooting doing videos. That's probably. I would say missed out. What about the one with the ambition? Well, come on. That's, you know, going the other extreme. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's okay. Thank you. Thank you. But you're up. Open line of day two and Howard. But if there's nobody got anything to say about that song. You see, that's what I mean about this town. You're a bunch of a collective bunch of deadheads. If you hated it like poison. If you've heard it before. If you don't ever want to hear it again. Something. Have something to say. Have some feeling. When Jean Pettney read, did that record a town without pity. This is the place that he was singing about. Make no mistake about it. These people no matter what it is, they have no opinion. They're like, they're like, I've told you before vanilla ice cream. That's why every time I bring that thing up, they all limit the raise their hands. Oh, yeah. We love vanilla ice cream. Sure. It's figures. It's only a small segment of the population that have enough taste that have real taste but that can enjoy fish food. They're great, but in Jerry's flavors, that have some taste to them. But Taffio, Caputting and vanilla ice cream, man. They're lab. How about you? They're like, eaten wonderbread. Not even with anything on it. Just right out of the bag. Just stuffing wonderbread down their posts. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Neo? Yes, Caldi. Neil, I love fish food. Yeah. I hate vanilla ice cream. Right. It's a long, you play even worse. Really? It was terrible. The last time I heard something like that was an elevator, no one's traditionally. Yeah. You know, though, but listen to these black guys call, and I hate rap. Yeah. I hate it with a passion. But I'd rather listen to that. But anyway, listen to the side track as you hear. I got an important point to make. Yes. I can't think of that music. The black people are trying to say that rap was a little bit. And then it was started by black kids in the ghetto. That's not true. How about most of the, at least black kids in the ghetto set up? Well, you have lady who had a person to listen to this. Ronda grew up in the 80s. Like, did the first rap song, which was, I think, in the song. That's where rap came from. A white girl. One of these stories from the real class. Yeah. There you go. That the original. And look, and I wanted to tell George, I thought he didn't have a career in the business. Yeah. That's the last week. You really, you're a dead a great job. Great. Excellent. I only have a little touch, finally. What? Have a very good day here. Love you. Woo! Good day, good day. You're a 뛰o. Go to Europe where they have all the great music. And you come back here and I really sucked man at blows. Let's hear some wrap music. Let's start rapping it. And, by the way, they're rather too much raff musical. They're just obsessed. They got rap artists over there, they haven't been born yet. The southern way back in his three, they got all in the, roasted people in Amsterdam, on the. on the music factory or the box and you just a wrap-and-out your uh... god on and on which at least it keeps someone was people with a uh... for the roster here off the streets anyway fragment frac folk so like i said what are we going to do about the uh... girls in our midst four minutes till the new but away speaking of assholes what are we going to do about john penis does he work here anymore no i mean is he going to do a vacation on vacation what year did that start because pop in a parking lot they had that big hundred fifty thousand dollars on the Friday September twenty uh... fibrill whatever was February twenty seven which is like several days ago with a track record one forty nine and four fantastic but i have done that i don't have the cymbal cash schedule for the month of march i don't have anything uh... interesting or anything for the month of march all i can tell you that i got great harness racing going on tonight starting seventy five and a p.m. the field was your show on five sixty w q a m my amy fortliter day okay twelve noon at five sixty q a.m. what happened with what what the bit with what this i thought you were going to play a bit why you always do i didn't okay because i don't have one to do it because i'm busy uh... looking at my friends picture here and we're busy with a lot of well i'll have to i'm eating lunch in jule and i'm doing either over lunch or the picture and i got a fact here which is from my mom down all i can't have some clump cathode ray ha ha from some fact that they're nevertheless a great fact that said Brendan is the hottest i'm on my knees with my mouth open Brendan young and young and i need an appetizer with twenty eight exclamation points all i can say is oh yeah see i need to break the news to you but no matter what your uh... taste happened to be uh... of the legal variety we're talking uh... you know what you want to look at our people we want to look at beautiful people just look at that whammy experiment nobody wanted to look at us only people they put that tens on their and they had a few pretty interesting looking at almost naked people on their and it was a hit what is what a concept people on a look at people that look great what a shock right Brendan uh just keep saying it here's a mobile and sunrise hello hello yes sir yeah i just wanted to know if it was coming call i love the scene to the land this morning when i heard about the news they gave the parade is being fifty seven and six and now you say sixty eleven he said yeah surprise me but i don't think that there was a more so-called police and regardless of what her uh sexual persuasion music is the voice of that time period i'm gonna find some in my collection somewhere i'll bring it in the wall well there's uh one there's a one cd set that has that's a pretty comprehensive and then there's a bomb that's these ready to be yeah there's one cd uh i think is rhino that puts it out right the pretty comprehensive election and then there's a three cd set that has like everything and stuff like that is i wouldn't have it i just wanted to comment that i really appreciate that you appreciate it i love these ring feels he was great in the fact you know the fact that people who die who gave us a little bit of entertainment i'm not saying we got to go up to make a great land for those these spring feeling actually about it but at least recognize the fact that she entertained us a little bit not only the chance to tell him that when you listen to her voice it's pretty timeless and the emotion and the way that she was able to put across the song uh you know unless you hear her singing you don't understand the sensuousness and what she was trying to put across people a lot of people don't know that she was entertaining even when she was a young girl even had her own show i think i one time with her sister from that yeah in England well you know her sister yeah yeah right what is this i tell about till ten years ago when they came off with the revelation that i think that for her friends or it is really it i don't know it's great to mention with the section of the raising the sense of the voice listen to what she's saying why she's saying thanks a lot okay thanks okay see we got a couple thank god we got a couple of people emotional about dusty spring feels good lady okay so she was a little bit too much over some of you too bad i can't believe you don't like that so then i think you're full of it i think you're just like the guy yesterday that's so called religious guy that i couldn't get to admit that he don't that he knows it's a bunch of crap you're just playing hard ass i don't think that there's a record that's ever been made that if i played in here and i said that i loved it that you would uh agree that it was good other than maybe erosmith maybe i like her was not like when i said that crying was the greatest song of all time they invented rap by the way yeah oh and by the way um this has nothing to do with that but i was watching uh because they have all these stupid informers on even in europe and you know how they're always peddling these uh one record sets and two uh six these box set and it was like the best of the um i don't know one of the sixteenth and seventies deals and they had one of the cuts on it was i can hear music by the beach boys which is one of my favorite songs by the beach boys now did you know who did the lead vocal on i can hear music right Wilson no close the trick question no it's not a trick question now are you holding god by the hot like love no not my glove i said close so in other words it must be one of the willsons it wasn't Dennis Wilson it wasn't Brian Wilson it was it was in let me give you a hint fat and dead just recently come on George mr music expert that's getting red in the face you look like you just caught whatever i got red in the post beat red mr music expert the boys why not how about ljardine who yeah you put about David lemon jello yeah come on Wilson beat well California close Carl Wilson you smuck i can't name all the beach boys why because i was an embryo with Dennis Wilson the drummer he's dead he drowned remember Dennis Wilson the blonde one Brian Wilson he's not dead just branded the uh the bed guide that's Brian Wilson and i know Mike love is he worth that hike love who's like a real republican which made us turn on him badly but nevertheless with the high quality of the rest of them and Carl Wilson and aljardine and then in the beginning before aljardine there was a broad David marks who was the only one that ever looked good and they said get out of here because we all look pretty other well you know some people thought Dennis Wilson wasn't too bad because he was blonde in a surfer kit he was ugly he's dead he drowned Carl not and i see a side track me off the whole thing there i never knew that Carl Wilson did delete that and either songs i always thought it was either Brian Wilson or it was Mike love so i just mentioned that and of course it brings to mind the fact that he was young and fat and he's dead just mentioned that in passing book young fat dead prematurely dead trying to help that guy you know here's Miami hello okay there a gate all have time for the game players okay go play with each other two open lines a day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line mobile in the curl spring so yeah blue remember Chris Farley blue I said blue remember Chris Farley yeah i'm fat and dead yeah anyway uh my the girl's on my earl butter wants to know what mall that band is playing in next you know she wants she wants to know what that what mall that okay i just played with that alright i mean totally count you know how do you go from aerosmith to a lot i pop in like that because i like all kinds of music what you are i mean what you're talking what about okay i was just talking about the beach boys right right would you say the beach boys were like hard rock music no of course not do you do you like the beach boys i could admit i enjoy it but i mean i mean i'm you know i'm only twenty nine i just right here and there but yeah sure so it's fine like all different kinds of music but that's even different what you're playing now i'm at the budget Tiffany wannabes you're playing over there now no yeah i mean holy cow i see her whatever you hated it i couldn't stand it to be quite awesome but that's what we're trying at least gets some emotions i'm feeling out of these people even if you hated it's better than having no opinion the worst part is that i i like you so much i couldn't even change channels hating that music as much as i did but well it's only four minutes and twenty five seconds out of your life it was brutal meal no brutal i'll never play it again thanks fully in the car you're the best would you rather hear that or guilty oh Jesus okay yeah i think about it say there's a choice why was it a little harsh with that malcomid we have an open line in brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty rams with sixty on a mobile one line i think there'll be every bit is big is aqua hey i hate to break the news to you but they're already uh that big they're gigantic that i told you number one in London big all over Europe the video all over the place steps and now be over here eventually and i'll be very big over here now i would grow a degree just being big doesn't mean that they're good look at that eight eleven oh thank Kevin that ain't seven eleven get it out of here with a crap oh man it's music it's really it's really you got to stand it's random you they get the the brother in the getaway it's crap it's garbage baby it's dumb it's dumb music for dumb people with taste deep inside their acto wow just ask people's real tell you we got the hangover show from the deraille to the second we got big fat tubby boog shambi from the national car eating center with six o'clock with his hour and then guilty with a pregame show at seven panthers in the Colorado avalanche come on buy up those damn tickets let's crank that place up tonight let's go that to it up it's a mighty big game in all Boston one last night beat Phoenix three to two Phoenix are staggering and a broans are now two points ahead and Montreal one air game and arrangers got a tie with Dallas and Washington beat the scott out of Tampa so all the teams on right in there with the the panthers for that number eight playoff spot uh got at least a point last night and most had a win so this is a humongous game life type have a little passion a little feeling come on to the macro read a night bring two to the other box get a soda where do you find date happening in genie Thomas white where you got it sports radio five sixty two eight i am just the distraught the straw can you believe this i'm looking and looking at see one of the scams that they pull on these best of CDs for various recording artists you know groups that have actually had more than like one half of a hit is they make you know the greatest the best the and they look like ten different versions and all of them have got something that what are the other ones doesn't have you don't say so i'm digging and digging through my CDs over here no and is it on here no now it's definitely on one of the ones that we got in here somewhere huh because i'm right like the front i know what the front of the other one looks like and it's not this this is the beach boy's greatest hits i'm not i'm not that i'm saying there's a lot of bad stuff on here there's good stuff like yeah on it isn't that kind of therapy two by the way they're saying that that heartbeat by uh steps with therapy surfer girl that's not surfer huh i'd die of beady to start an act up on my my bludger is raising the 300 just here in the first 4-0 so your center is like wood syrup advanced sir yes like maple syrup and like syrup from a jar yeah good idea i want to hear i can hear music by the beat boys would drive with Carl Wilson which you didn't know see you can talk a good game and you can try to convince the public you know something about music but we all know that you don't maybe use the name of the lockup for right my little okay maybe lockup for right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but i do it why not because i was an emperor you're then yeah i i know a ruddy valley yeah i wasn't born then i don't know all about the i don't want that the fact that we're all valid at the smallest fossil rock i saw silence movie that these George Eastman house and Rochester New York hey i could name them three out of uh how many beats boys but not to name Carl Wilson aren't you embarrassed he just died here like months ago Carl Wilson he's dead but i do a lot of drugs oh well so today here's a big report in uh somewhere mobile in Miami hello hey me all the going okay sure uh big report in south beach heading east problem the McCartha causeway there's one big standing up picking it's going at everybody and be more on bike just waiting so anybody heading east problem the McCartha causeway slow down and be careful thank you sir god bless you and one other thing yes boys are not that van hell vintage van him and narrowsmith a hundred times better then what vintage van him and what they really rock and arrowsmith now even out of the back then way better in the beach boys okay later yeah on i'm not saying the beach boys are as good as erasmus now van hell and uh can't because i hear a David Lee Roth and a David Lee growth and i skid like a growth like a mole starts growing in my lip oh and that's another thing by the way i want to know sometime i'm so glad that this guy called not intentionally but he like i said way into it people with bino i'm a little soviet i'm not into a lot of stupid stuff thank god body piercing is one thing and to me all of it not some of it all of it i'm not talking like a little earring all of a difference in how many of the r and how much they do and what you're re what the message is supposed to be which is usually a lie anyway i'm talking about real body piercing people that do the body piercing in their tongue seriously are these people crazy if you had any and it goes to show you just like might as a reason that i bring this up today my discussion about religion yesterday it goes to show you that if you tell people that something is trendy fashionable acceptable it's uh you know it's in they'll do it you have got to be the most stupid idiotic piece of turd would no respect for your body even if it's a you know look at my body do i respect for this one who the hell could but even as fed in the disgusting as sick as i am when i put like a post in my tongue no waste weed hard and of course you do realize that a lot of people got infections from that and many of them died they died they died they did what i mean let me know i have to speakly upon i don't say it um seriously not to mention many other things i can think of that i might get in a way of i mean how how do you eat you know how every now and then while you're eating in your two one you you two down on your gum i mean on your cheek on the inside of your cheek do that all the time and it's annoying because it's like a big blood blister right there and then you keep touching with your tongue if you were dating it it's it's annoying but when you got a uh like a ball on your tongue well i mean like a silver ball on your tongue oh i'm sorry Brendan uh what do you got a silver a silver ball on your tongue that doesn't go away and you tell i what what are you doing your chomp down on that how do you too how do you eat eat what how how you speak well you have a thinking about like that uh maybe that's like Tyson's song maybe god sing another song i don't know on by the way it was only a small TV set it wasn't a big fanty fancy one one of the two there when they put them in the uh in the core to dry out my Tyson hey what luck fight anyway haha oh god i can't believe i don't have i can hear music i'm gonna have to redo uh we check my library see while the good stuff is and you must admit there is some good stuff in there even you would in the tent no question musical hardass the older stuff where why don't why don't any of these say next is there any special people uh oh well how about let's take a candle hello okay sir uh i agree about that body person i gotta understand it either what what is that what would you ever allow somebody to put like a uh uh uh uh supposed through your tongue oh no god um and then they got them in their penis they got them in their nipples they got them in their navel they got you know the people drilling stuff through every part of their body you can imagine i was prompted to call because uh i think we'll see near the end of the last hour you hit this guy calling this bout uh blondie being the original rap music crap oh god neol yeah nothing can be further from the truth um rap has been around for a long time not to accept it if it is now but and i'm not necessarily a fan of it but you know i have to give them a props uh they'll make a lot of money for the music in the shooting of the days didn't that's sad yeah yeah yeah and i basically i thought it i am out of a tear of my friend okay thank you so much i think uh Corey started it from a Cincinnati wasn't that his name no to remember the Corey rap oh yeah i have that video by the way huh i had that video in home oh my god two open lines a day we're discussing rap we're talking about i can hear music by the beatboys in kral Wilson which beatboy was the best which one was the most mature which one is the most dead which one did the most drugs which is the most right wing see that started like a really turning it oh and remember where the hell was it was it here where was it that they wouldn't let them uh sing it some uh new year's thing because there were two controversial was that here i don't that was just a few years ago was it here i don't remember but because they were like a bit because they were a rock group and they're from i mean they were as vanilla putting they were as mom and pop and apple pie is any group that was ever invented i think unamerican was the uh yeah i think that was here might have been here not to mention of course the fact that my club is always in those republican fundraisers and they were all a good bunch of right wingers probably from orange county not too controversial the beatboys man talk about a deadhead place here's Miami hello you sure that what you paid before was a model like i said yes it's a true bad okay it's okay and what you're doing how the story for you about time piercing about time piercing yeah yeah yeah i'm i had a friend on swallowing and they could get pretty expensive like five years ago what about like sixty dollars yeah so she went as if she was gonna do as digging out i said that's exactly what she did when it got bigger and she put it back in her tongue yeah she came that you know this is back to it yeah i've already discussed it is but i mean there's nothing wrong with piercing that's just a fashion statement you know there's nothing it's a fashion statement excellent thank you so much sir it's a fashion statement oh yeah yeah it was James watt in 1983 it was right form of the Washington monument Washington monument thank you whoever called him with that information and Ronnie Ray gun had to go to their defense because he's a big uh beatboy can well he used to be he forgot who they are we have an open line in date five six seven five sixty it's a fashion statement if you have somebody how about if you took a wooden post and somebody jended in there oh also fashion statement let's face it it's sure is unique it sure is different and if one person went on if Calvin Klein came on tomorrow and said this is the new fashion for the next millennium there be two million people immediately stick and wouldn't post in there right go run around hopping on it talk about hip hop crazy people man who just whatever the latest fan whatever no matter how stupid it is no matter how little sense it makes no matter how idiotic how ridiculous oh but it's counterculture right that's why there's only fifty million people walking around with body jewelry and every part of their god damn body just just like all the hippies in the sixties within within a matter of months they all looked the same they all smelled the same they all did the same drugs they're all the same crap all of them crap because they were only individualists here's a mobile in pepard pine hello they oh god yes sir um picker four one Sheridan street out west near i think it was the cross street would be like north 70th that's not about right could there's about seven or eight of them on motorcycles and they all got the thing hanging out and now they're lurking in the trees out there so beware okay also if they can have steel spikes through my penis there's a statement uh i listen it's a fashion statement man yeah oh i'm not listening to that statement right down well okay ever great day yeah of course if you if you have a uh one of those things if you have body jewelry in your penis doesn't it kind of interfere with like uh almost any function you can take on doesn't it kind of like get in the way or we'll find out you know you got to get with the time is the you got to stop you know folk you got to get with you got to start listening to rap music you got to get your body pierce you got to get a post in your tongue opposed in your ear opposed in your penis opposed in your echo there you go that's what Mike Tyson said he said it felt like a post holy makin on this is Joe Bolin the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority you'll go and soon you down I've been home crying in my bed I turn off the TV because it's in the NBA and we'll ride the new love to you while while your practice gets to treat your alive and you can help me drive the hell to get in the wrong you mean you Oh We're rather than you just don't know how to jump And you can just help with it if you try You gotta help the rod and help the wheel on the down by You're going to do it That's the rod and that's the rod and that's the rod That's the rod and that's the rod and that's the rod That's the rod and that's the rod and that's the rod And the ax can all go down by You're going to do it You're going to do it You're going to do it You're going to do it You're going to do it I'll do it You're going to do it I'll do it Okay, that's enough Man of my pistol, I can't find out I can hear music And you're lucky because if you don't like that song I would have played the whole thing How can you not like that song Who are you talking to? I just in general I like it I'm just saying anybody that wouldn't like it How could you not like it? Of course you do know it was Carlos and that's saying the vocal on that Oh, George is the swallow this crap He just took him on his coffee, Guvano Well, I'll try to teach us something Okay, you're the expert in psychopedia You know all this useless crap But I think that has to do with stuff that people are interested in You don't know about it You know a lot of stuff But it's all useless Just like this thing that I got you know, do you know anything about that? No, just like all the doctors you know the same as they do nothing What does it take? What how many doctors? How much money? How many trips? How many experts does it take? Before somebody can diagnose the hang nail at his time But like if you suffered from blue balls for example, you know How many doctors would it take to go any for they look and said oh my god Look at that you got blue balls Mr. How many? Here's a candle hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Oh, I'm glad you're talking about the beach boys They are the best. Well, now you can cure the world Well, okay. Anyway, I'm okay. Pardon? There's a girl. Okay. I can't control if I die. You didn't know he died? I know he died. He died over a fucking blunt cancer a couple years ago Long cancer? Yes. Smoke it too much bad. We don't think it's what they did I'm wrong. Yeah, I'm wrong. Yeah, I'm wrong. Anyway, tell me what happened That was Al Jardine thing at least. What did you say? Al Jardine looks just like my roommate from Michigan State I'm saying it's okay. Anyway, all you are talking about is a great talk It's just I mean there's something about that song It's just I can't even I can't describe it. You can't put it in the words But there's just something about I'm going to have to bring that in the wrong I had a lot of music for tomorrow. I think it's I think it's on an album called Sunflower Originally Sunflower? Yes, released back in 1971. There are other music kind of sucks Yeah, but what's on? Well, they're best folks. You mean you don't get fired? Well, you're great if you could play that. I'll have it tomorrow Anyway, also, you know Carl Wilson he was his first vocalist when he was here Good vibrations his kids start talking to him and that song too. We does Yeah, and also got all we know is that's him. Well, wait a minute See, now these I can handle God only knows that's That's Henry What do you mean? Oh, wouldn't it be nice if you say I like it Come on Carl Carl Carl Carl Come on What's my time? Please I mean not always Yeah, I hate that song. Yeah, what's the other ones? Oh Is that a good vibration? That's him. All right All right That's probably the last thing he said All right Wait a minute Life plays the five And what was the other? Wouldn't it be nice? I think wouldn't it be nice is also there Yeah, talk about zero Yeah, good, good, Sarah Like George. Oh, it's good song One One One One Ryan You sure you know a man you know I'm 30 years old but I'm listening to the beach voice And I could pick up the one a breath needle and pop it on the pop it on there Yeah, so I'd also just just In case you were wondering I don't know if you were not but Brian will have a new album Brian Wilson made an album Yes, last summer of Ninety-eight I think yeah, and I don't know about what about that first album for that first Brian, don't you remember that? Yeah Yeah Huh Oh, God He sounded like he had one of those things in his song that I was talking about Oh, I just I came out and I tried to try to I tried to talk to one of the U.T.D. stories And it just left the other place I'm going to explain this on Zeta I think it was I think it was I know it was pretty good The old June Come Come Get back in a bed Brian Before it's too late All right listen, thank you Okay, see you at Santa Carl Wilson Nineteen eighty eight Reprise records Brian Wilson making a little solo comeback Oh, that's enough Bad really bad Why did I want you to do all those drugs and when you're spending a lot of time in bed with your teddy bear He spent a lot of time in bed with his teddy bear, okay? He liked it Let's go to plantation hello Hello, New York Yes sir, how you doing? Great First of all let me talk before I got a review and I'll be in a nursery Thank you Love your show But that's all I need to play Which is the worst thing you ever heard in your life You know what that sounded like a living room junk Oh Speaking of dikes And how can you not only you know who a living room junk used to be married to Matt LaPanzi But anyway Next thing is how can you not like the clean day on Oh my in your knocking me Oh Have you Oh Have you Have you had a bucket Maybe you don't like her personality No I don't care, first of all she is ugly in pasting Because I'm not the steered in that direction anyway Then there's no difference to me In addition to which I don't like music Just because the artist looks good because most of them don't You know, but that song that's syrup that crap Oh Oh Oh Yeah He did a overplay in the tempo So I heard that I heard it's the first time when I hit wicked diarrier for me I'm not for Celine Dion Yep, I don't think you I like, well wait a minute, you think she's hot No, I don't think she's hot Oh, her voice Thanks God Maybe you think that Leo the Caprio's hot He's good looking guy Leo the Caprio is a good looking guy Oh, okay For like a Martian Yeah Yeah I'm going to be screaming for the steps by the end of this show And I don't care what you say This is a good record I have no big thing for them I just bought this because I saw the tragedy the video on over there And so I was in the record surabide a bunch of stuff for somebody else And I saw this, I thought I'll buy it And then I had this other cut on it And I thought I'll buy it And then I had this other cut on it And I thought I'll buy it And then I had this other cut on it And then I thought I'll buy it And then I had this other cut on their heartbeat Which I realized is the big hit Not tragedy And so I have no accident line for steps But I think they're pretty damn good Oh no you're wrong, Leo it's bad, okay Go get a post-drilled in your rich cheek, okay Deep inside your rectum And have a great life Oh, Celine Dion, can you believe it? I'm serious, I'm starting to have a relapse now I'm getting pain to play these words You're leaving no pain Oh, God, almighty I talk about our sugar shock Oh, Jesus Oh, man No, seriously, I think I need to do an oral duke Oh, get it out of your system sweetheart See there's another thing, that's another perfect example The Titanic, Leo the Caprio, Perk that's song Another example of American hype All over the world are sucking up that Swilled at unadulterated crap Neil God They're blind, dumb, and not a brain between them And they're on 30 morning, two, down It's 25, 95, 50, and Monica And they're the five squirrels So while you're sweaty, little girls out there Remember to turn on the spike squirrel Every 30, 40, you'll love it You like the spike squirrels? Every 30, 40 You go to hell and you die Okay, 12, 44, 5, 60, WKOM Dude, this was the end for them Yeah, everybody said, why couldn't you just be well enough alone? Yeah Oh, that's the awesome Oh, God Okay, we have an open line of Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, it's top 5, 60, on the mobile one line Hey listen, you know sooner or later we all got to hang it up I'm thinking about it like the end of the week Here's a candle, hello Hi Neil Yes sir Yeah, I'd like to talk about that these things here But just in reference to the beach boys The song that you want to hear, I can hear music Yeah The songwriting credits for that go to Jeff Barry, Ellie Grinich, and Phil Spectre I was written during the early Wall of Sound Days Marlon Spectre Well, Phil Spectre And it was also recorded by Ronnie Spectre Huh I'm looking at a beach boy album Which that's it's on, it's on the good vibrations Great it hits, it's the second song on side Hey, yeah, I have to bring, I got it home Get that But anyway, I was said by the death of Dusty Springfield Yeah, do you remember who big hit I only want to be with you? Yes Okay, generally when I was talking about the one Like it was recorded at 49 RPM instead of 45 Right, have you ever heard this really very few? No Why could I do you want to be with Jews? Yes, I had 10 seconds of it here I'd like to have him before you Oh God We have an open line of day one and a browner 567.0560 Of course then on the morning show they got the one to take play Only want to be with Jews Oh, man Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello, Neil Yes sir I like to say a first one Like a saying for a great show You're all you think the keeps you saying is got forsaken Hell, I'm at man, I'm the only thing they got The talk about the body peers And you know, I say, you people fear about every part of their human anatomy So far, I think if they won't want to make a statement Maybe it should get into something like body amputation Maybe lock off a couple fingers or a couple of toes I think that's going to be it Well, what's we cross it with the new millennium? I think that's going to be in I think that's the next step You want to drop it out That's right, really make a statement I'll thank you again, Neil And have a great day A little body mutilation, what's wrong with that? I mean, you know, have one in your earring One in your nose, one in your penis, one in your vagina Maybe both of the above Or are you scared? Yeah, there you go If we're good enough for him, you got that nipple ring going Yeah, you two could be Buffalo Bill, baby Oh my god, I bet you we got plenty of the potential buffalo bills I'll be right now, make don't mistake about that How is the thing coming by the way? How is it doing? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello? Yes sir, Neil got it Yes, I am I got you good vibration going on I'll bet Just smoke a fat one Lizard I'll have to my ass off Yeah I just want to tell ya Ah How do I get those tickets? Speed up to about 90, you'll have one in no time Open line of day one in Broward, 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's Miami Beach, hello Hello, Neil Yes, hi, Neil Hi, Neil Hello, hi, Neil You're so guilty Oh, you know, I'm just quieted on the air How's the old theory doing? Oh, you know, I was okay, let's get with it Okay, I was in Neil Yes, I was on the beach, I'll be chained And I see this basically a bum walking around in the t-shirt But I say to myself, that's all of her stones And I go up to the, to the, to the, to the, the white car guy I'm like, does that all of her stone right there? You know, it was beach with pack on Sunday Yeah, I think I'm, I think I'm all I was like, okay, nevermind Was Oliver Stone? Yes, I walked up to him I know he was when he put that JFK thing together That piece of crap He's, he's all of her stones Oh man, that guy's stone A, he's the ender's soul looking Good, obviously feel real good And I go up to him and I, I just say, you're all of us Somebody, you know, I just wanted to say, I appreciate you like, Don't, don't cover, he had covered in the stage He's like, don't do that, I'm looking for, yes, I am You know, he's like, all freaking out I was like, I appreciate your work Yeah, tell him his work sucks, thank you Okay, we have an open line in date five, there's another, Another one of those image things, Statamine, type He couldn't direct Mickey Mouse to a pick his nose Okay, that's all I've ever stone That great movie talk radio Remember where the earth goes, oh, God That's enough to make me make me pierced his tongue That's how bad that was And then the JFK, my favorite scene in JFK Was when we're Joe Pesci is doing the thing Where he's revealing the whole plot Well, this one did that one, but I'm gonna read But he did this and this one behind the scenes Just, I mean, the most pathetic idiotic And then there's the one where Donald Sutton Now there's a guy who ought to have Maybe he's already got something in his tongue See, I can't even say it now Donald Sutton is all of a sudden very big And doing commercials for the last couple of years My favorite is the one for signal health plan CIGNA and he says, signal It's got a signal to come Signal See, I guess they think that it's kind of like I don't know, R.C. Farsi that people are very impressed By the, and what happens when they do that Is that you don't pay any attention To what the commercial messages All you do is pay attention to the speech defect The health plan and you're thinking, oh my God That's Donald Sutton Who sounds like Omar Fatton Daphne Duck with Brian Murray Can't you hear Brian Murray doing spots for it? Signal We have it open line in date one in Broward 560560, palm 560 on the mobile one line You mean that's Andy and Hollywood Is that your suggesting who that might be? Yeah, Timmer Mitch One of these Jackasses, hello It's not Andy Okay How are you doing today Mr. Roygers? Okay Michigan Stategrad here on the phone checking in You know it's not anything like Andy, I think George is slipping Now, not Andy Got a bad idea, that's why I just taped a music is so bad Just wanted to give you a little frog story That I had at the golf course together Oh yeah My uncles down for Michigan, so I'm going to take him golf around The way to the course, I'm explaining to him what the the frogs are like Down here and he doesn't quite understand Sure enough, me my uncle and a buddy, we get joined up with a frog They're all over the golf course here in Hollywood Yeah Of course he was too cheap to pay for a cart So the three of us are in carts and he's walking Which help hold us up for the first three holes And then he asks if he can hop in the open space in the cart That my buddy had, so he got a free cart right there No Oh my, you know, we're nice people so we let him Then I buy the guy a beer And the drink cart comes around And the drink cart comes around the second time And he doesn't get his wallet out No drinks when it says round And then we get to the green And much to his surprise when he offered me a cigar I already had a lit dubie in my mouth Because I like to do that when I golf Yaman And so you know, anyways, it was just kind of interesting Because I was explaining to him about all the frogs Down here of course we get joined up with one And it was about a five hour round of golf Mm-hmm And um Well, I did a good time Yeah, we had a great time in Neil I wrote my balls off for those tickets tonight Okay Ha ha ha ha What are these people talking about What are they talking about? What tickets? I said there's fourteen hundred unsolved tickets for tonight's game I didn't say we have any did I say that? No, and we don't do we have any? I got my own way of any others? No We don't give crap away on a show anymore Sir, we give nothing but pure entertainment The price is right, it's free I'm driving around to you right I get around to you right Oh, I get around to you right I get around to you right I get around to you right Great music but bubble come See there's nothing wrong with bubble come And you're bicting with a back street voice as always Oh, that's bubble gum that's for like you know Bad bubble gum Wrong In fact in billboard magazine last week there's a big piece Which you would have agreed with most of it Where they're talking about the formulas where they have all these groups the five and the ninety eight whatever They're all these groups that are like all pattern after whatever the furry You know new kid's on a block, but there was one meter Oh, that made it by the same guy Right, that's right And it said the average shelf life is very short not five years like you were saying but like you're not milusking that But it said the difference between the back street boys and all the other groups is that these guys can really sing Now you can you can sit in there and laugh and puke and let me tell you again There is one of them that I would even think about doing okay They're none of them that look good And there is a sort of a the consent Oh, that's see that's just ridiculous You just a high-five other other live thing on Saturday night live They were groaning and straining and missing the notes that they were all over the place They couldn't find it with a map And the notes you could hear me you can find it Here's a candle hello Hello, Neo Yes sir Yes, I have a question for you right you really don't be confused Why did the one day your kids and somebody's at on the radio in the next day you just rip in their butt right now And who would that be sir? Well, yes, I like that Well, you have Steve King who you always touch about right, but yes, it is a European my book you see 70 flowers That's right I mean the dust to face no, it's not I said that I can't stand exact and he's full of crap But I appreciate the flowers and he's okay because he's talented and he's made himself alive not to face I told it exactly the way I'm always doing But you're the same low and out your ass pal Lower right out your little ugly ass I tell it exactly the way I see it and when somebody does something goes out of their way It actually spend money to do something nice for me. I appreciate that and if you can't handle that go to hell Okay, go straight tail don't stop in purgatory don't stop and see the pulpin must you got your lips all grease up get out of my face and get back on a banana boat by the way and go back where you came from Too many people here from the wrong places That's the problem of this town Too many people here from the wrong places Open line and Broward to in date 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line And they all got an attitude man a air-re-single one of them they got an attitude Here's a mobile and dear field beach hello Mobile yes sir Oh excuse me I'm sorry it's pouring a cell out here really will be such a guy I'm sorry Yeah, she thinks the same about this bloody person and everything else yeah Reason about this body piercing you would see a boom with the ring around the stars get deleted around Yeah, that's what it have it Do thing crop. I never saw a lie the post and it's tongue though. I haven't even bulls aren't that stupid Okay, yeah, if you try to split it and they're about about your fingers on You know Turn it turn it oh man. I'll get a hold of her love because it comes to me like a bunch of bull crap is what it sounds like to me Okay, we have an open line in Broward to in date 567560 pound pie nothing about the body piercing We don't have it hurt for anybody that's got a post and then they're and probably because they can't speak Maybe if you just mumble a little bit maybe you go hmm like that And we'll know that you got a post and you're tongue and you can't really speak oh boy It's the one to two hours We'll arm Jerry all will on the right hand of God When I woke up today up put my TV on and instead of traveling or CNN I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head It was an upside down try I go purple thinking I'm sorry I'm going to be upside down try I go purple thinking Hey Where it was just when I thought we couldn't get worse I know to see what's carrying a little person I can't let go. This is children's show I want to go down and I'm a brand of her He hasn't up that guy I'm purple thinking I'm a guy down try I go purple thinking I'm a guy who's just here for the safety Hey Hey Where else the pound Christian puns is hard to believe But on the teller tell me tell me is the TV screen If I had a purple being pointing straight at me That was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing Here's a putting the beast boys in the same class with arrow Smith You're comparing Carl Wilson with Steve Tyler and You're serious You put them in the same level Oh, their new stuff isn't as good as the old beach boys But their old stuff is Let me say it again. I just want to make sure I'm understanding what you're saying The beach boys The bubble gummy surfing Car-living-loving eating Beach boys you're putting on a musical level with arrow Smith Sure Here's a lady mobile in Voka, hello Hello Yes, man I was just going to tell you that my come here's the reason a dan is doing He's got what pierced My tongue Oh, you're tongue I thought you said your son was pierced If I could Your tongue is pierced and what's the advantage Oh, my God, it's because it's supposed to enhance the certain sexual situation Yeah And because that's the springfields of this vermilion I can tell you my girlfriend is free that it does work So there's an advantage to it Uh, okay Whatever you said I exactly, whatever she said Here's the fact that it says Celine Dion makes me want to puke I can't stand that broad bitch Leo the capio is a huge flaming queen He's not fooling anybody Boys who will a lot of young girls I'll tell you that That's what Nick told me So when he kissed Kate Winslet and Titanic I thought it was a lesbian scene And then we'll be sucked anyway Right on Oh, we got it Wherever you are And then somebody faxes me all of this stuff about Donald Sutterl And who was born in St. John, New Brunswick, Canada and went to the University of Toronto And, uh, et cetera He's okay Once he was in that JFK thing That rum and that rule was embarrassing That was really bad He was great in the Um, evasion of the body snatchers Is that it? Yeah, and I have the needle Yeah I mean, he's a good actor But it's just these commercials he did Sign up that's thing that helped plan Like they got with a big lip We have an open line in the Broward to and date 560560 pun Is there anybody in this audience? Look at the way the lines dropped off As soon as you said that No seriously You're not, I want to give you the opportunity to change your mind Okay, right before God met in the audience on this rainy dreadful god Because God is going to punish us any minute if you keep this up You are serious Old weak boys Forget about old and new Okay, I'm just talking as a musical group as talent As a force in the music industry As music as sound that's coming out of a thing Out of the side By the side in the rock and roll hall of fame With what? The 1910 food jump company Sure What did I tell you? I know if I gave him enough for old people Hang in the shelf just dead it in the door No The beach boys and aerosmith Anybody have a heart or a liver? No Guns and roses Oh god One and two and a three and a ball I'm looking to surprise I can see the lovers I can see the lovers But don't wear that ball due Don't you know why I feel it's the human Yes Because nothing left to remember And we're both so hard to change Oh And it's hard to control And the colds over and over And when you see the sea, you're scared Do you need some time Oh, you're running out of your mouth Yeah, do you need some time Boundal Everybody be surprised Oh, you're all over the side Don't you know what I mean? Some time Wow, the whole world Yeah Everybody come on Okay And when you're fear subsides And shadows still remain Oh, yeah I know that you can love me When there's no one left to blame So never mind the started We still can find a way Oh, yeah Because nothing left to remember Even colds over and over Yes, just a day We're both so afraid We're going to We're going to be like a ponder Yes, yes, yes We're going to be like a ponder We're going to be like a ponder We're going to be like a ponder We're going to be like a ponder Why do we want this album Big ones by Erosmith I'm just looking at the listed credits on here Guess who plays Baratone Sachs Ian Puts But seriously See the thing that you don't understand Obviously the difference between Serious music and fun music The beat's boys music was fun Not serious But it was very good Good, but fun Who is fun music What? Highly acclaimed and enjoyed by you How many of us? No, no, so as well I'm not going to be the only way to do it by minions I like the luck If I didn't like the beat's boys It would be different Then I'd have no credibility in the discussion Like you with the backstreet boys But the fact is that to compare Serious music like Erosmith with fun music Again, that was a claim because it was good And people liked it and it was, you know, memorable Later they Erosmith is more cookie cutter than the beat's boys ever will So you keep coming back to that latter day You just can't make any difference Whether it's latter day Out and put out a bunch of things You got with the Mormons again With that latter day crap You just can't get over that In addition to which, you know, the beat's boys didn't wear no magic underwear Here's a candle Hello, I don't think Hello You need a preacher that's about ten years older And that way you can talk about music a little bit more Intelligent like I'm sorry George What was the 1910 program company song You just made me yummy Oh, that's right That's right I've been bad in my tummy And I think, you know, other ones come in soon When I was, but I just started out in radio I was in college radio in the early 80s Then got in the commercial radio and now I work in federal radio In federal radio? Yeah, the office of Cuba broadcasting right down the year Oh my god I'll tell you a martyred You got it, yeah So I wanted to tell you a story What now, Net Bryan Wilson's wife She used to shop at the supermarket that I worked at Gelsons, which was a market that Yelding That's a little girl As a market that all the rich people shop at in In Cino California Matter of fact, that's where the Wilson's were from In Cino in the San Fernando Valley And so Bryan would come into the supermarket Gelsons and he would go to the meat counter This is a true story And a lot of people don't know that he spent a couple years in bed You know, you can sit it on the air and it is true Oh, and there's a lot of people don't know that I'll be sitting here Well anyway, he would come into Gelsons the supermarket And he would walk up to a little drain near the meat department And he would see them at publics and wind sticks He would usually drain for the water Drain down either of the meat case or the frozen fruit case And he'd take out his little pinky wiki And he would go right there And I mean this is an honest-to-God story Oh my God, yes, you believe it Yes, absolutely Okay, and finally, plain warm up with the stocking He was lacking in the social raises Because he never got out much I'm telling you, I'm telling you I'm telling you, I'm telling you I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you You would try to tell me that the Beach Boys would be in the same class With Marvin Gaye When you know it's coming from him I just don't know You need to know it a bit seriously I mean he's smoking, so I'm giving him time to think about it But on the face of it, anyone who would say Who would categorize the Beach Boys in the same category With Marvin Gaye would need a lot of me Would need a musical lobotomy Absolutely, does he help plant paper that? I don't know if it's paid for you I did great thing Thank you, thank you You're not responding much better than Marvin Gayne. And it's last time with a suck hole. What does he know about music? Just because he saw Brian Linden's sequel. The Beast Boys were much better than Marvin Gayne. Yes. But you got something against gay black people? I love her. Okay. Yeah. The Beast Boys were better than Marvin Gayne. Their contribution to music, guys, we've known the head of Marvin Gayne. You know something Tammy Turrell is so pissed off. She's about right to make it come back. That's how pissed off. She told me we spoke to Marvin. Who I love. Marvin. You're talking Marvin. He's talking Marvin. He were no Beast Boys. Two open lines in day five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the AT&T. One of the fun. Their music was bubble gum. Good bubble gum. Enjoyable. It was fun. I like it. I love it. But to say that it's serious music like Marvin Gayne or Erosmith is to admit to reveal a lack of understanding, a lack of taste, so glaring. That one might think you were born in a distant barbaric land. Here's not so distant. Here's Volkah. Hello. Yes, sir. My name's Gary. I've been listening for a long time. And I've been even a call here to tell you about the funny show you ever did. How long ago did you move to Plantation? Years ago. Many, many years. 10 years, 12 years. I don't want to. Soon after you moved to Plantation, they were delivering furniture to your house. Yeah. Do you remember that day? No. You had a friend, days, sleeping? That was when I moved to Plantation. I moved to Jack Miranda. I knew you had just moved. Anyway, you were apoplectic at which Larry's side of Poh my car off the road. Yeah. It was the funny show you ever did. What a memory. Anyway, I had to tell you that. I've been meeting a call here for a while. Quite a little slow, Jerry, but better late than ever. Number two. Larry, I was always being a call-dusty springfield, so you know, I really love your music, does the entool-aid. Yeah, before you leave in three years, I can't sit better call you. Right. Number two, you talked about religion lately. And I just wanted to tell you my feelings about religion coincide pretty much with Woody Allen. He did a movie years ago. And he's sitting on a graphing hole overlooking a lake and he's discussing religion with his beautiful girl. And he says, how much you month in? I just should feel a little closer. But he says, well, I don't really breathe an organized religion, but I believe there's an intelligent force that provides the universe except reports certain parts of New Jersey. But I would recommend that to accept for certain parts of sunrise and gallery be sure. Okay, Jerry. Okay. 12 years. Thanks, bye. Okay. This man has just said that the beach boys are in the same level with aerosmith and Marvin Gaye. And I have an open line on the board. We should have, we should have a backup. They should blow the lines out on the phone bank right now. This is for any kind of a town. I just can't believe I heard it with my own ears. I want to talk to you. Don't make horror. Or some other words, writing the song is what makes you a great singer and no, singing makes you a good singer. Writing makes you a writer. Yeah. We're not talking about writers. We're talking writers invented this. Yeah. Anyway, at the point of the day, there's something. So what we've got to do with the music, there's a lot of stuff. So what we've got to do with the music, there's a lot of stuff. I'm not going to tell you something. And with you, you're right. There is definitely something in this building. Make no mistake about it. God. If you didn't grind it, if you didn't grind it, So how many number one song to the Beach Boys have versus Erasmus. Erasmus had one number one song. Do you only hit one? You only won. That was that one song. We're gonna base our judge. No, that's not true at all. Are you ready or mine? Oh, I just saw it on behind the music. The other night they said that was there only number one song ever. I'll find out because I have the book. I only have one of them. I don't even have to. They would say it. Just now. I got the book here. I'll tell you how many number one songs. See, I don't, I don't think well. Well, you're looking at the ass sports holes. We have an estate netters just open up a mouth. I'm looking at some times having idea what I'm talking about. Well, you're looking that up. I'll give you another reason. Yeah. They, Beach Boys experimented with different sounds and created new music. What is it? Where did Erasmus ever create that was different from what was already out? Right. Beach Boys did harmonies that had never been done. They did tape. They overdubbed four and five part harmonies that had never been done before. Yeah. You know, I mean, they were interplaced. They got to number three. They're crying at this. They didn't have any number one record. So the one you're talking about from Robert Geton is the one. You were all in a game and that came out after that. Right. After the big play. So what was that? At least. So like the hand number one. What does that mean? Elvis Presley had more number one records than both of you put together. Are you going to tell me Elvis Presley was better than Beach Boys than Erasmus? Yes. Because he had more number one records. Elvis Presley was one of the top three figures of music of all time. What that doesn't mean vanilla ice cream is the best selling flavor of all time. But that doesn't make it the best. Don't understand. I don't listen to vanilla ice. Okay. Thanks. Ah! It's the film everyone wants to see. vanilla ice does a long bloody agonizing state. That's it. The movie. See, I struck from an 18th story building. Beaton and mug by homeless people. Run over by a milk truck and clubbed the death by a group of angry seven creators on being forced to listen to his own music. Boy, I mean you stuck vanilla ice as a long bloody agonizing state. That's the movie. See former surgeon general see if I could extract the ice band tongue and save the world. Change challenge said. It's the failed good movie of the 90s. The vanilla ice as a long bloody agonizing state. That's the movie. That's easy. The title production. Your compliment. So you've got one of my favourite young men found and that's the truth. I think that Ryan liked my pleasure? want to introduce someone noo required first and do an MRI Q when you find somebody going to feature you as a graduate will plays with calculations and he always복ada Taxis Just my laughing. You need to have this time and it'll catch him by the ground. But if you believe in my battle, but if you live in the world, But if you live in the world, but if you live in the world, I'll send you past this time and you make it fair, Reclare. That's what I can do because of you. That's your not-so-too-be-man. Have this time. How's it hanging for me? How's it hanging? You know that thing that got in Jersey, the Brendan Burner Expressway. It's a 131 at 5.50 WCM. We have an open line of day 5.60 at last guy. I've been giving you a song to dance about all the Beast Boys number one hits, etc. So on and while I mean, if you're going to go based on the charts, and then you don't need to hit, don't mean. And then you saw me that Elvis Presley was better than the Beast Boys' aerosmith. Say. And I like Elvis, I like most of his music, like I've said before. I don't have a blow-up doll. I will not be going to Graceland any time this year. It's not my agenda. But I mean, again, it's the most ludicrous comparison. It's like saying that Elvis Presley was better than Facts Domino. What? No way. And not even in the same category. But Batman Domino was a sensational. One of the all-time best in originator. No Beast Boys, by the way. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I have to agree partially with George. This away goes. Yeah. Beach Boys, then Marvin Gaye. Then Elvis Presley, then aerosmith. Yeah. Aerosmith, early aerosmith, all he did was copy the stones and laterosmiths socks. Say they have nothing to do with the Rolling Stones. Oh, they were Americans. They tried to be America's little version of the Rolling Stones. Obviously, the way he did it, even his stage is stage. Whatever, I don't stage. You tried to act like a man. Why? Because he's got big lips. So that means he was trying to be a Mick Jack. No, we tried to move like him. He tried to think like himself. I don't agree with him. Neil, you're wrong. Okay. He's wrong. Sir? I have the buzzer. Open line today, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, one of the slides. I mean, and again, like the stones, okay, would I concentrate this weekend? The stones, you know, geriatric tour in sunrise. As they come out with the walkers and the canes and they'll be wheeling them out there and all. And you know, if that's what you like more power to, you're living in the past. But again, to compare the Rolling Stones with aerosmith, to me, it's laughable. It's ridiculous. It's a joke. It would be like comparing a Celine Dion with the dusty Springfield. Canes must macho, by the way. I think Ann Maurice still got it. Here's a mobile and four-loader Dale. Hello. Yeah, hi Neil. Sure. What did you get hit by a puck last night? George is right. Where do you get bubble gum music from the beach boys? They're both great fans. Where do I get it? Yeah. Right out of the TV. There you go. It's like light music. It's not like, you know, I love it. Don't get me wrong. I like the music, but it's not serious music. Well, yeah. Yeah. And of course, the aerosmith made a song called Pink. That's a real serious. That was a piece of crap. Well, I just like the whole song. Just like Pokemon. Do you like Pokemon? No. Not really. No, there you go. You name me any group any artist that never made a clunker in all, I'll listen. Right. I mean, anybody can keep a little clunker. Right. So you're judging aerosmith by pink rhymes with, No, not at all. I'm just saying, What does that mean? Each boys were real great feel good music. Some serious. Yeah. But that won't be in the moment. Almost as you. Some of it was serious. What was serious? Any a serious song? What? Oh, yeah. For this vibration. Thank you. Too many, too many, and I'm listening to Aaron Summers. I think it's your problem, sir. Good vibrations. My ass. Or your own breaking. History making. Got the Beatles on the phone call. You're not something. Thinking they're cool. The Beatles were doing mushrooms again at the time. Let me just tell you this. Good vibrations isn't even one of their better songs. Okay. It's not like, like, I'm just on this one CD. 409 is good vibration. This is good as 409. No. As good as God only knows. No. Catching up. Here's the song that wasn't even a hit. Okay. Wasn't even a hit that they gave the Jan and Dean. Who couldn't sing the way out of a paper box. And Brian Wilson and then Michael Abroad, most of the music for Jan and Dean. Here's the song that was ripped off under a sidewalk surfing with the name by Jan and Dean. Catch away. Great. It was like on the beat side of beat through the year school or something like that. Great. A million times better than that. Good bye, three. Yeah. Two million times better. You paddle out sooner around and raise and big. That's all there is to the combined phrase you got to write your way. And you're not stopping. Well, by the way, speaking of Jan and Dean. It's on here. Wait a minute. Talk about a flagrant rip off. It's not like they stole it. They just gave them the music and they said, okay, here. Try and do something with this. Okay, you poor bastards. You're going to be a bad car crashing. You need the world, they money. So, that's the worst thing you ever heard your life. And what do I got to car crash? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I've got to go. But I don't know. I've got to go. I've got to go. You've got to go. And what do I got to car crash? Oh, I didn't say that. It's a product. You can't. It's a thing. It's a thing. Where did it go from? Just me. Two. There's a thing. Still rally heated when you first tried to shoot some. Hey, let's. Man, could they sing or what they're chanting, do you, huh? No. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Yes, sir. Yeah. I was calling about the beach boys. Yes. I think that they were pretty influential. You like to be all right. Yes. I mean, the Beatles were the main gardeners. I'm not doubting that they were influential. That they were great. That they were like all of these things. Doesn't that make them more important? I'm not discussing who's more important. I'm discussing who's music was better. Sir. Yeah. I'm still here. Yeah. I don't think that our atmosphere music is very important. I mean, influence. It is important. It is important. It is important. Group. Errorism is a groundbreaking group. Groundbreaking. Yes. What song is there? Groundbreaking. All of the early songs were groundbreaking. You name them. All the early songs. What? That was what? One album? Two albums? And. I think the beach boys had more than that. Yeah. And then. And let me ask you this. Since, you know, again, I shouldn't be on the defensive because I like the beach boys. But like, surfants of far, surfers, girls, surf in USA. Do you want to dance? Dance, dance, dance, dance. You can take all of these different records. And you can take 90% of the McKinkins down to the same three songs. They were groundbreaking. And the way that they created nothing. You're not responding to what I just said because you know it's true. And I like every one of the song. 99% other than Coke. I don't think the beach boys ever made a record. I didn't like 98%. I liked. Okay. But the most of them were the same. I understand that. Yeah. I mean, I understand a lot of music. So what they were saying? What they were saying? They were talking about the volume of albums. They said it made music with different types of instruments and changing the face of music. I understand that. But I'm talking about the music itself. I'm not feeling like how about less polymery ford. That's before my time. Okay. Thank you. How about Gogey Grant and the wayward win with the phasing? And see now you're laughing, but I'm serious. That was one of the first right. The big hurt by Tony Fisher. Those were some of the earliest records where they did phasing and music. But you know, anybody here? Nobody here? Nobody's calling for it? No. Nobody's calling. But they're all music experts. And let me see it again. Sir, I mean, you can look down the list. 95% of them are the same song. Well, half. I'll give you that. Like I said, 78%. 33. 20. 45 RPM. Why are you airing? She liked it. Oh, it's an alert. It is a piece of shit. Oh, it is. It's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of shit. Oh, it's a piece of kind. If you don't like that thing in here blog, it's a piece of shit. Like, um, it's a piece of shit. How much is this shit? Good to answer it. Ah, I think this shit is shit. OK, 145 and 5ctions, 55 and 5050QM, so we've decided Elvis is like what? Don't on a list. Wait down. Wait down. We'd like Elvis. He's okay. But he's done on a list. Two open lines in date, 560505060 on the AT&T wireless line. Now how about Gloria Estefan? Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello? Bill and God. Yes sir. I don't know why he was your time with all these. Think they know it all. George is an idiot. How can he even put Marvin Gaye behind the Beach Boys? Marvel gum is Beach Boys. That's what it is that's it. And what you should have listened to the crap that he was putting on while you were on vacation from South and Crap? Some other guy. Some more crap? Some Celtic or something like that. Some Irish or some kind of country music there that he brought. About that. Music was getting ready for St. Patty's day, you know how they are. We have an open line of Broward to a date. Come on, let's go. Let's have some valid stuff from some people. Really no music instead of all these asslickers. Oh, we went to a Grisla and to see the ghost of Elvis. I'm not talking about Sybilden. We want to jump on a bandwagon. I'm sticking up post in each other's. We're talking about that. I'm talking about people are really, can appreciate fine music like the back street boys. Let's go to a West Palm Beach, hello? Yeah, how are you doing? Okay sir. I'm one of the black musicians in the West Palm Beach. Ramles. Play jazz rhythm of blues. Yes sir. I mean, this is a long time. I grew up with Alice Smith. Right. I was in New York. Yes sir. Where Steve and I went to high school. And I went to high school with Joe Kramer. I like to get your email address and send you the pictures of all of us. Yeah. And we don't do email. Okay, you just have facts. Yeah. You just have a facts. Yeah. Well, maybe I can mail some of the copies of the pictures to you. Okay. Great. Of us in Arizona spent every time they're done here, we get together and party. Right. Steve's a great guy and Joe Kramer. The other guys, how could anybody compare them with the Rolling Stone? Obviously, I just mixed them in the nicest. Yeah. The way it happened is that they went up the Boston and met the other guys. That Steve and Joe are from the August New York. Yeah. And I've been playing music a long time and Steve, when we were in high school. We had those mixers. He used to do the mix aga thing a long time ago. But he got teased a lot and everything. What he did is a really great guy. And as far as the comparison, there is not any. Right. It's a free particular. Okay. Hang on. George has given me the address and you can zip it over here. Yeah. And the pictures too. Okay. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. What else on it? So what do he say? Here's a crawl spring. Hello. Nice. I don't know what George has been eating for lunch, but I don't know. He's about to beat sports. There are kids music. They have no content to beat sports. Yeah. Yeah. Great harmonies. And it's like this. It's like this. It's like this. The chipmunks add a little bit slower RPM. They're like the chipmunks is 42 RPM. That's right. Exactly. They were great. But the chipmunks could compare us. Yeah. Yeah. They have a little content in their music there. And I like Marvin the game because it gets me late. Okay. One, two, one. Well, this Marvin game. You're going to like, oh, you're comparing the beat points of this. I can't believe it. Oh, I can't believe it. The chipmunks hold the ground. No, no. It's first time. It's a bad one. I can't believe it. Keep going back to that same stupid crap. We're not understanding about that writers about Bach and Beethoven. We're talking about singers. People who made music. They don't know music. They follow instruction. They make music. Okay. You can have all the instructions in the world. Unless you've got the vocal abilities. You can give the same. You could give Jan and Dean. There's a classic example. The same music is Brian Wilson. And they still can't make music. Because they can't sing. You can give it. Here's a good example. You could give Ricky Martin with all the respect. How good they made him look. How they did it. I only wish I knew. You could give him the same music as they give to Luis Miguel. Okay. And I'm sure his Spanish is impeccable. Almost as good as his English. Could Ricky Martin make the same music that Luis Miguel makes? No. No. I feel so weak. I feel just so. That's what I was thinking of. We, we, the both of them weak. Luis Miguel is weak. They've got a good voice. But he'd be nothing without songwriters. What would he say? If you ever saw Luis Miguel in concert, which you won't because you're a hard-hearted Spic. I saw, I saw clips of it. No, no, no. If you ever saw him live like you were right there, like I was three different times. Once in Vegas and twice here. And you saw him sing and sing everything perfectly and never miss a note. And just do things with his voice that nobody could dream of doing. You wouldn't be saying all these things. You wouldn't even be thinking. All of these things. Right. But you're just saying it to be a little or genre provocative. Yeah, she said, yeah, right. You're not fooling us because nobody's that dumb. Here is a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. You, God. Yes, sir. Yeah, I kind of agree with the call that was saying that the Beach of Boys were more influential. But I mean as far as something I like personally, but if you want to get to the root of where they come from. Let's get to the root. Listen to their own words. Stephen Tyler and Joe Perry admit that what they are knock off of is of Led Zeppelin. Yeah, that's all they are. Well, they're okay. That I can handle, but not the Rolling Stones. Well, the Rolling Stones of course they have, you know, they made their influence too, but now you're right. They're walking around and walkers are there. And if you want to listen, you want to listen to some real ass kicking stuff. Yeah. Led Zeppelin, man. Okay. Here's a medley of their hit by the way. And you know what we're forgetting in the midst of all of this. More influential today than all the groups that have been mentioned put together. Yeah. Come on, out Sarah. Get ready for tonight at the master reign of command. Let's go. This is it. Forget about the Beach Boys. Marvin Gaye, Led Zeppelin, Arrowsmith, the Thone. Forget about all these remedial groups. Okay. Let's get with the heavy duty stuff. Heavy duty. Come on. Hold me up for our cell. Let's go. Oh, listen to that. Rosey and the original, the sour sour goat. And, oh, god. I can't drink. Oh!听 it. Oh! off. off oh. off Oh! English word, thank you. And some, 익. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh. Oh! Oh! Thank you.