too much you're in trouble. My dad loves me all the time. Oh! He makes me win. He's a hippie. When I was younger than him, he was a hippie. I look human on daddy. I want to know that I'm not real. I wasn't a hippie. It's not a needy of it. I'm in the city of time, up to one who knows. He beats me and he beats me to laugh their whole. And I swear at it you know. He's a hippie. I'm also a Kamala now. So they're gonna let him go. My dad's not me all the time. He needs me to get up to my heart. So he's a fun to be. You're living here in that city. I'm out of the house. All right. I got a dog to go. They're so little bit on the floor. You know what the way Merceness works? The text is, John Bane, sexually assaulted. Oh my god. He liked that. What was it? Christmas this year. It'll be two years. I do believe so. John Bane Ramsey appeared to have been repeatedly sexually assaulted before the ice he was killed the first police detective on the scene said. And an interview broadcast on Wednesday. Former bulldozer detective Linda Aren't also said there were serious problems with the police investigation, including a failure to question the parents of the girl six immediately after her body was found. I don't know why a lot of things were done. In this case, she said on ABC's Good Morning America, she said the girl appeared to have been repeatedly sexually assaulted before the night of her death. So I think that if we're going to be logical, we have to assume that this intruder, the one who killed her, just kept breaking into the house over and over again. And a soldier and nobody noticed. Isn't that logical? Based on the way the investigation has gone. It was the same intruder. It wasn't mommy or daddy or brother Burke. I was saying a judge before the show this morning. I think just to be safe, just to be positive that we get the killer. What the out of it was have all of those triple decrees, you know. Have an electric chair and put mommy and daddy and a brother, brother, Burke and like side by side and fly all the rest. And that would be pretty damn sure. No, it's like when you have some kind of a tumor and they remove all these surrounding tissue. Just to be sure that you get the malignancy out. So it only took like almost two years to figure this out that she had been repeatedly sexually assaulted. Before the night of her death. And thank God that we have consisted of American justice and that a guy's got a lot of money like John Ramsey can't, you know, post-pony and equitable. Or maybe it won't even be inevitable because by now I mean they contaminated so much of the evidence. Let's start working on a Lindberg baby thing. They had a piece on CNN about that last night and they said absolutely nothing. Does anybody with a brain really think that Bruno Hoffman killed that baby? Oh, of course not. But it's only 60 years later so why should we worry about that now? There's another case where they contaminated all the evidence. Brilliant police work in America no question about that. And on the same page right above that story in this morning's come Sentinel, another one of these isolated incidents. God there's so many of these damn things. People are acting in the church. Archdiocese soon defrapped priest, San Francisco. Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco has filed a suit against Patrick O'Shea, a defrapped Roman Catholic priest who has also been accused of molesting alterboys and other children. Oh, anybody believe that crap? No, no, I never heard of such a thing. The lawsuit accused those shape former pastor a holy name of Jesus church of imbezzlement and fraud and demanded the return of $252,000. Long history dollars. O'Shea would open ostensibly legitimate church bank accounts. Then channel money to his own use buying property and paying debts while falsifying financial reports that the arts dies. O'Shea was permanently stripped of his priestly duties in 1995, following numerous allegations that he had sexually molested boys. Oh, you like that? People acting in the church. They after day after day. And you know something that a whole lot of you people out there listening to me right now. You keep subsidizing Ms. Bullcraft. That's the best part of it. You keep going there because you've been brainwarned. Yeah. One of the most tragic things that I've ever seen in my life. Did you see the how much of the story did you see after the shootings last night? And I'll be honest with you. The gun lobby, you people can be real grateful to her, King Floyd. Okay. You ought to kiss the ground for her, King Cliff Lord. Because this shooting, and it was only seven people like God's shot and killed. So why should they begin much news coverage anyway? And I'm going to say, let's say, seven. That's all. Not a big story. So it's getting like almost no coverage now because they're hockin away on her retain Cliff Floyd. Which we already know is you know, a lot of wind, a lot of rain up the northeast and a lot of heavily populated cities, Gilly, New York, Boston, etc. But you know, that's the weather. So weather story. I'm not a star where seven people got murdered. So at any rate, one of the most pathetic things I think I've ever seen. Although of course now we're becoming desensitized also the teenagers on stretchers who've just been shot. We see that a lot, you know. Here's some more teenagers coming out on stretchers. They just been just blood all over them. They've just been shot again because 50 American fucking way. But anyway, then they're showing this one thing. A million times, is this one, the kid he comes on his hugging his in desperation, his phrase, Oh, you've got to turn it a lore. That's the only hope you've got to turn it a lore. Of course, the interesting part of this and maybe some of you believe is out there. Some of you people are so much better than I am, obviously. It will be in the kingdom of heaven with Jesus. You can explain to me, this was in a Baptist church. This was one of those Wednesday night we around the somebody can also explain to us what this thing is where they around the pole, what they're doing with their pole. Yeah. And here they were praying. It was a prayer service. And once again, God screwed up. He's too busy inflicting, what was the other thing? They just had typhoon somewhere over there in the Pacific. And we got this hurricane, another one grew behind it. And he's too busy inflicting all kinds of horrendous damage on the mankind. He don't have time to be answering prayers of people who are about to get shot. Maybe they were praying to go ahead and fast. How come I've barely hear you? Is there something? Is this overhead again? It's because everybody comes in here tonight and talks. You smell all of this. We're okay. Even though there were supposedly not going to be coming in here. But again, we don't count for very much. That's what we have this horseball studio. And as you accurately pointed out yesterday, that's why they have an 800 contest line for the rest of the station. But we don't have any 800 lines. No, it's not for the rest of the station. What do you mean by that? It's only for the contest. I understand that. The other talk lines are, you know, no, I understand they also don't have an 800 line because they're also on in Fort Myers, some of the shows. And also can't get calls to free from those people. Plus, of course, all the millions of people listening around the world on the internet to our sports show. And the five or ten of my people listening to why. Right. Can't call. Say, don't start off on a sour note this morning. We got too many terrible, horrible things going on already. And you're starting on a sour note. Biction about the state of the art studios that Greg Redfield tells Ron with you, man. Mount content, professional, bit your complainer wine. That's why we listen by the way. We like it. Thank you. Just the way it is, baby. Another mass shooting. And I got to think here with Jose Lambeating Rick Sanchez and the Atkins thought I got that. Jimmy Johnson still bitching about American. I heard, I heard Jimmy let him have it. Baby because American mulls, they suck. Let him have it. And you know something they're going to keep flying American. And every once in a great while when I absolutely have to. I'm going to keep flying American. And so I'll arrest you because you got no choices. That's the wonders that deregulation did for us. And every industry, a broadcasting, airlines, we got monopolies. You know, we have this alliance and that alliance. And what that basically means is there about five or ten companies that run a whole goddamn world. And if you don't want to do business with them, just crawl into a hole somewhere because you're out of business. Thank you very much. Nice going. Thank God we live in a country where we don't believe in monopolies. I'm an accepted ten at five, 60 WQN. Here's a whole ready have a homosexual relationship with Leo. So I might as well have one with you too. All right. We started out the regular guy who joined the directorie and made the ultimate sacrifice and brazen celebrating celebrated father to. Amen. Fundamentally moving. Father built a great holiday. As timely as his earthly knee, God reminds his choice. He's found the way to get really far out to reach young boys. Oh, I'll be rooting for you. Amen. Fundamentally moving. Fundamentally moving. Father built a great holiday. He was happy and gay. He's still he got close. Five some saddles. Then the Vatican says, Everyone else and he didn't have to go to jail. Father built a great holiday. Fundamentally moving. Father built a great holiday. They sent him to a three-third tree where they jenn you flexed and trained. If it was you or it was made, they'd lock us up and throw the keys away. Father built two. And there. Fundamentally moving. Father built two. Father built two. Amen. Father built two. And there. Fifteen and five six. You can't miss it tonight again. Of course another chapter in the ongoing CBS special. Dan, where the tries to get pneumonia. I mean, you really have to wonder about this. It's reached a point now whether you don't know what it'll happen. The last night. We had a very long time. We had a very long time. I've been watching CBS evening news for years and always will. Far superior to a guy with a speech defect on NBC and far superior to the very stuffy and pouring Peter Jennings. The fact is that Dan, rather than now, and last night he's out there again. Getting himself just soaking wet the rain, pouring down, is it, you know, if they would've had him like standing under an awning somewhere, if they would've had an umbrella. Somebody holding up umbrellas. And which is the way they used to do it. We still would've been impressed. Okay, Dan could be sitting in the warm studio in New York. But instead he wants to get right to the meat of the matter. And he's on there for CBS evening news for 25 minutes last night. Getting soaked in the rain pouring down his head. Then I'm channel surfing later on. And here's my good buddy. Tell me first of all. And he's got Dan on there again for another hour. Any standing out there. Not inside. Not under a porch. Not inside a motel with the other camera show. Let's go on outside with the rain and the wind. No, he's there in Wilmington, North Carolina. And the rain is just pouring down all of his head. And he's an old man trying to get pneumonia on your TV set. Then they got one of their correspondence on CNN, which they just showed again for the 500 times because of the amusement factor. Not because of the news factor. This guy's in Jacksonville, North Carolina. The tape was it made at 704 this morning. They keep showing that in the upper left hand corner. You see what time it really happened live. And they've shown it 400 times since because, like I said, the comedy effect is so great. This guy's about ready to get blown away. The wind and the rain. He's hanging on and it's moving him several steps to his right. And he's just barely keeping his balance and hanging out of this microphone. I wouldn't be surprised if Al Sancho and shows up. It starts bitching him out. And don't you understand what they're doing. They're insulting all of your intelligence. That's what they're doing. They're saying, oh, you're really going to be impressed with us because our guys are out there. Practically getting blown away. As if you'd be somehow less informed or less impressed. If their guys were like other under an umbrella or like in the truck somewhere, you know, just showing us what's going on outside without them being in the middle of it. Oh, yeah. Look at that. There's Charles E. We out there. And the rain is pouring down his yellow Shmata. Are we impressed? No. Your bunch is silly people. You're people in the media. I'd say like 95% of you. You're all silly people. You're a bunch of lunatics. You're crazy people. And like I said, this story, it just vanished. The story about the mass shootings. It has bad discharge in forward Texas. It just disappeared. I was watching when they broke it on CNN last night and they had the story. And then I'm flipping around on the small edition on the big dish. And I don't know any more about it now. 12 hours later than I did then. But like I said, it was only seven people, you know. Probably mostly kids dead teenagers were used to that because it's the American fucking way. So what if I get back to Jose Lambead in the South Florida insider getting to the meat of the matter as he says, while trying to lose weight, channel seven, money, hype mice, their Rick Sanchez overay than that landed him in the hospital. I was stupid. The anchor admitted it was a good lesson. He was stupid. Is that a bulletin? No. Sanchez tells insider he started the Atkins diet last month. The M.O. all you can eat of meat, cheese, eggs and fat that stay away from carbohydrates and sugar. Sanchez did that especially the all you can eat part. It was like two states in one sitting Sanchez and I went there while trying to put together a meal order weightlifting machine. Then I throw a huge deal cutlet on the grill. On August 27 he came down with a back pain and was hospitalized. Diagnosis a gallstone. Until the miss have the five foot nine, you have five nine maybe maybe on still tease five nine. I told you to say he is about four six. I've talked about three eight Rick Sanchez you know on on Tippy toes. Until the miss have to five foot nine Sanchez had lost four pounds. Hey, you're a four pounds baby and another right in the hospital. Now he's at 100 of you two pounds and he's hired an nutritionist to put him on a state of God. I've got a protein shakes. I get the shakes just watch and Rick. Yeah, although I was very excited a couple of nights ago when he was out there on the edge of the bay standing on the edge of the bay with the oldest running. Oh, it was beautiful. Just come on. Somebody give him a little push. A little helping hand. Then we got a 90 sure they could have showed that thing over and over again everybody in this tower been glued the channel seven. Show them toss in rookie ticky into the drink and Rick Sanchez too. So there you go. He's on the atkins died. You notice by the way, to tremendous response we got this morning because of another shooting and there's seven people that's probably mostly kids all the way to him. They don't care. Where was God? Would somebody like to tell us that? Some of you religious nuts out there who are so much better than we are. And of course, you know that like I said, the gun nuts are so grateful for Hurricane Cliff Lloyd. And for the way the media has just dropped this other story as if Hurricane Cliff Lloyd is the only thing going on in a world. I mean, I realize first of all, it's now a category two a week category two and there's a lot of rain and there's going to be flooding and it's windy and it's not a pretty thing. But it's just a shadow of what went by us down here that we just missed by an eyelash. It's just a vague resemblance to what we had down here. And the fact that seven people got murdered again with the guns. Now we don't want to do that too much because then we'll get people all upset again. It's very interesting coincidence because I got my new newsweek yesterday and a couple of weeks ago newsweek had a front page story America under the gun. That I talked about August 23rd special report. And they've needless to say, gotten billions and billions of letters. Most of them from the gun huggers because those people they will write they will call they will facts. Those people are, it's like a religion speaking of religion. It is a religion. The gun huggers. Yeah. And some of these letters to the editor that they all sound the same too. They all sound the same like they're, you know, quoting each other, quoting from propaganda. For example, James M. Shaw Salt Lake City writes to Newsweek. A lifelong gun owner having been raised in the West in a culture that teaches responsibility and ownership and handling of guns. And have never seen any of the negatives you'd be crying your cover story. In response to your misbegotten agenda, I bought another rifle, another handgun and many boxes of ammunition. And send a nice fat check to the NRA. Please consider your wrong headed views on the subject. That letter right there. That is the definitive letter from the gun huggers of America, from the crazy people. This is their religion. And then make up Arabic kind of stir. In fact, where's the one about the trusting the government? There's another one these at the, oh, they're just a whole series of these things. Oh yeah, here we go. The issue of guns is not about recreation, but about rights. In the past, their government has created gross violations of human rights such as concentration camps for Japanese Americans. And we'll like to be boy, if those jabs would have just had some guns, you know. And we'll likely do so again at some point in the future. Inspired by the founding fathers, I believe that private ownership of military quality firearms, military quality firearms helps the term government abuses. A registration scheme in addition to being of questionable use and stop in crime would facilitate the easy confiscation of firearms by a government that decides that no longer trust the people. It is mere common sense that a totalitarian or police state cannot maintain control. If Arabic good citizen can buy high quality firearms, how about tanks? How about neutron bombs? Every good American should have a neutron bomb, at least a couple. At the very least, our gun law provides a barometer for our other freedoms. If freedom starts being stripped away, obviously the second amendment will be the first to go, as long as we have it will still likely have the others says Ben Rogers and Auburn, Alabama. How do you like that? Perinoid and delusional, irrational, and making every excuse under the sun why we had this barbaric slaughterhouse of a country. But you all come to accept, because obviously nobody cares about this again, just like the last time it happened and the next time it's going to happen. And the time is before that. It doesn't make any difference. How many young people are old people or anybody else stay blow away? You will have come to accept it. And let's take a look at Dan out there in the rain again. Don't he look cute? Man, I don't understand you people at all. I just don't get it. And like I said, it always happens. The gun nuts there, the ones there right in their letters, like the one letter. It's just most of the hostility of this guy. And this guy's got a lot of weapons, by the way. And response to your misbegotten agenda, I bought another rifle, another hand gun, and many boxes of ammunition and sent a nice bat check to the NRA. That'll learn you. The book stuff like that, your goddamn Tommy magazine. Isn't that beautiful? That's the American response to the fact that the free-seek people all over the place of God guns. And every time they get pissed off, they kill a whole bunch of people, including kids. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's our one call, a mobile invoiting beach, hello. I know. Yes, sir. I just made myself sick to my stomach thinking about all that meat and cheese and eggs and Rick's hand to the stomach. Oh, yeah, exactly. I just have one little little illustration of what you're talking about as far as the news. Big headline, the big picture of Floyd and the big devastation where nobody was heard. And they had one house at Laucetrupa in the Bahamas and got full-brunner of the hurricane. And then a little one sentence caption, which you have to go, you have to flip back to the page 15A. Yeah. It says, Gurg is no longer a problem. I'm like, you know, it's not news anymore because it's not going to harm us. You know, like a lot of people are probably thinking that this other hurricane is right behind. Yeah. And they varied the story. Because they want to tell us about destruction and just have your body into us. And have your body into us. Hmm. Sure, God. That's why God couldn't answer the prayers of these Baptist and Texas and for worthless, that he's to be creating all these storms all over the place. I think the biggest issue we have in this country, I agree with you guys control how to get rid of the guns. Okay, pal. Thank you. See you. Come me, bastard. 560, 560, Pong 560 on the AT&T, wireless life. Let's get the gun hungers on the phone. Come on. Give us your propaganda. Give us your crap about how to do with just in fourth the existing. Well, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all. You know, chapter and verse we know it all by heart. Rogers, God, you've seen him on Channel 7 News. First, as a 2-bit report, now as a 2-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. Combine. Rick Sanchez, hey. Here are the Dullson Tones of the Man who brought you crunchy. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Here are the Dullson Tones of the Man who brought you up. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Here are the Dullson Tones of the Man who brought you up. Rick Sanchez. Here are the Dullson Tones of the Man who brought you up. Tones of the Man who brought you up. It's Rick Sanchez. And there's this big story over Hyalea. It's one show you all want to miss the Dullson Tones for a good one. The Dullson Tones of the Man who brought you up. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. He loves his onion. I've got you as a fresh as a gift. There you go. That's 32 at 5.60. W.M. Tell me how you think is going to get a lot of killing more people. Let's look at who killed himself. Of course, in the fourth or the hurricane. How many people have died in the hurricane? Do we have a number? We don't have a number? I haven't heard one yet. And this got killed seven people in a church service in Fort Worth, Texas last night. And you know what they're talking about on CNN? I think it's a very, very, very, very high land. This just goes on and on and I realize you know, they're like I said a lot of heavily populated areas up there. Like real cities like Philly and New York and Boston. But it's rain and wind. This is no longer the gigantic whirling, Durvish, menacing category almost five hurricane that we had out here for a couple of days. It's going to live in crap out of us. But nevertheless, here's Carl Springs. Hello. You've got how you do buddy? Great. And the hurricane floits of Iver here. Yes sir. And hey, thanks. You know, not everyone could do it, but you know, hey. I'll tell you one thing, crawl out of the bed. It works great. You know, something where we got the good training for that back in the 50s when they had the cold Rural and on. And they used to run the PSA in the early day of television show. And yeah, that if they're, I nuclear war starts, you know, get under a table or under a bed. That's only first time you learn how to do these things right. Yeah, that's right. Listen, I've got a problem. Remember that guy that called yesterday called up about Nick Sigarzy, what's going on there is supposed to be running the special. I don't know if you had a problem with copy of what it was. Well, I heard you had even worried about it. Lantess. And I called up there and they don't have a clue as to what I'm talking about. Atlantis. Yeah, the lead has come to it. Lantess, it's in the Bahamas. You're running some vacation. Wait, I mean, the recording spot. I don't know how to do that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They have no idea what I'm talking about. That's our sales department, of course. And then you get that really run in spots for people that we don't even know we're running the spots. You know, and I know they're forced to hire miners. I mean, you know, you know, yeah. Do you think George could put on that spot at some point? No, no, it's going to be tough. No, we already got enough real spots. We don't have any time for it. Unless they want to pay for it. We're not going to put it on again. Okay, fine. I have a good time. Lantess, have a good time there. Whatever that's all about. I don't even know if you know the spot he's talking about. We're hiring miners from West Virginia. Black lung disease. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. That's a keep it light. Okay, don't start getting all more. Be just because they're coming a bunch more people. Although, it would like to know where God was since all these kids were. I don't know. It just makes me want to get on the floor. Put my hands on my knees and my head in my hands. And, you know, put a foresale sign in front of the house and hop on a plane and just get out of here. This is a slaughterhouse. These are crazy people that accept like I keep telling this over and over again. And I know God damn eff in that well, but I'm right. This is not a way that sane people live. And air of the excuse, son of the son, air of the diversion, air of the perversion. Everything else we got to mirror. Wana police. We got to, by the way, no tools on the turnpocket again today. Let's hear what? But thank you very much to the guy that called yesterday with the pig report about the feeding frenzy of the FH pigs out there yesterday. Yeah. You see, if you can take the tools off for days, but if you write that much business for the state, because the FHP, of course, is a state police. So they're writing the Zinn. Let's see, one good ticket's worth 65, 70, 80 bucks, maybe 100. So let's say A S 70 for an average 75. You write 100 of those. You got 7,500 bucks. That's 15,000, 50 cents in the toll things. You don't understand? So, God. Is there any rational reason why? Not that I'm complaining because here's a third day in a row that's three bucks. Oh my God. And Pomp and O Park was closed last night. What a banana. I might be able to buy my own dinner next time. Don't I always buy my own dinner? Uh-huh. Except for the one at the Joe and the J.P. Follow me that night. What you want, vacation, thank God. Because they weren't going to buy you no dinner. Here's a tamarack, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a real question for you. I was one of the things that you thought you'd say about a fear. The hurricane that was coming looked like going to be pretty close. Yeah. I thought you'd nervous about the people who live in my neighborhood talking about Karen Ryebos and Shackhams and Nass. For people coming in to their house to pillage and loot. Uh, I think you know what I want to do. I was tempted to grab by myself a gun to protect myself, not for any other reason. Yeah. I decided not to. Like, yeah, live in a state of fear in an area where these people who have no clue what they're doing. Ready to take out guns for almost any reason. Mm-hmm. What are we supposed to do? Don't you understand? That's the American fucking wing. That's right. I know it is, but it's good. Krapa. Okay, great. He said he scared spitless just something like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. A lot of open lines here this morning again. They were in La La Land, baby. Are they awake? Yeah, I hear anything. Give a crash. No. I like that guy. He was right in the take will. He doesn't give one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Proud 5, 60. In fact, maybe if somebody's got more information about this story. Because I'm hopeless. I'm turning on Fox News. I'm turning on CNN. I'm turning on everywhere I can. I can't find any more guy. Then news about this story. It's an odd story. It's an odd event. Because I guess if it's under a dozen now. If it's under a dirty dozen, we don't talk about it anymore. It's not a big deal. Here's Miami Shores. Yes, sir. Have an idea about gun control. How to get it passed? Sure. Yeah. Maybe you've already mentioned it. What if we took away all the metal detectors and security from the capital building? How fast do you think those guys at the past gun control? Well, I didn't go to have. And how did that guy get in there? By the way, how did that mental? They got to send radio mentioned it because I figured one night they're having a piece on about on 2020. How many 20 of this? How about this guy? How come he could have been running around on the loose? The capital building? Crazy person. Yeah. But if you took away that. If you took away that. If you took away that. If you took away that. If you took away that. If you took away that. Well, I think I have an OK. Thanks, pal. Not going to happen. Not sort of viable. Sort of side. He had already been served. Right. That's what I'm saying. Crazy person. Just like they got there in California who tried to turn himself into the. The, the, not house up there. And then went, though, you know, wacky. And they gave him a few days in jail, you know, a couple of months. See, this is the problem. Let me say it again. One of the big problems. And that is this. Instead of putting all these marijuana people and all these other drug people. If you deal with a drug problem assuming we got a big one as a medical problem and not a criminal problem. And open up all the jail cells and all the guy they mentioned to too. She himself. And you put away the dangerous people. And you protect the civilized people from the dangerous people. And maybe you accomplished something. So we got something called the war on dry. But that's right. He's like the, the air for what that piece was on last night. I was wondering where I was. Crap. I didn't see it. I thought I saw the promo for last night. Lutatick. Yeah. Many times over out on the list. Yeah. What a surprise. Lutaticks with guns. Not just all kinds of ordinary run of the milk people with gun. But Luna ticks with guns. Crazy people with guns. How John Hinkley doing by the way? I think he's got a pass for the week. We'll be seeing him today. But the way Hank Goldberg's got being a cook. Pickin' a John Hinkley from two to three. And then three to three, 30 Hank will be doing the assault routine on the show too. 330 to 715. And Marlon's going for seven and a row. A lot of San Francisco losses that is. And then we got the Panthers first exhibition. This game of the season finally. After we had all these cancellations. And that there's that Nashville, actually in Knoxville, Tennessee. And we'll be doing that in progress with the Jigs McDonald. Who's a great old guy. Who's an old guy. 21 before 11 at 560 WQMU. Shut up, damn it. Go on and. You're going on and now ready to start going today. Have yourself some download for you, son. Oh, yeah. Well, your friends away will back you all. Go back. If that means you're right, you're on the gun. When you think about the benefits you're getting. Life will be sweeter when you touch your Peter. Cherry a life and smoothie. Deadly come on and join today. It's the American way to be a member of the NRA. And for the head. They're wearing a bed. Sharp in your skin. Feel more. Watch your faces. You're right. Come on and join today. And you'll be proud to say you're on the edge of the. And all are. So the Catholics you're having a problem with some of their. The people getting blown and these. That's the last. That had a problem with some of their people getting blown away. Church to identify. Thanks to our list. They're out there for facting in this information. Because obviously there's only one story going on in the world. And that's just big and big. Blows. Hurricane Cliff Lloyd. That's all that they care about. And all the news that works every guy. Them affiliate every channel in history. That's all the care about right now. It's some rain and wind. Church to identify. A gunman shouting anti religious curses and ordering. The victims to stay still pump the hail of bullets into him singing teenage worshipers in a Baptist church when they killing seven people. CBS news correspondent Sam Litzinger reports the gunman then turned the weapon on himself. Possessively, by the way. A 47 year old suburban Fort Worth man has been identified as the gunman acting Fort Worth. The police chief. Ralph Men. Those identified the man is Larry Jean Ashbrook. A forward till he said he knew of no previous crimes by Ashbrook. Witnesses said a tall man with a mustache or beard and long dark hair wearing a black jacket black shirt and blue jeans. Step into the main shirt. Troll is about 150 people were singing him. He hits the door real hard to make his presence known. And he just immediately started firing said. Dax Hughes. The church's college minister. Ashbrook using a 9mm semi automatic hand gun. He's going to be a 9mm semi automatic hand gun. And let's go back to that letter again in newsweek about how American don't just have a right to have firearms but military quality firearms to help the tier government abuses. Because I'll tell you when they unleashed the nerve gas to come you bastards down. You got to shoot every one of those guy damn the bugger's real close. You don't say you got to have semi automatic weapons to get those germs before they get to you. Using a 9mm semi automatic hand gun. Fatally shot 3 adults and 3 teenagers in the shirt. A church said lieutenant David Ellis of the forward police department. One person died in the hospital. He was walking around in the sanctuary making some sort of derogatory comments about the Baptist religion. Said acting police chief Ralph Mendoza. After the 7 PM shooting a pipe bomb exploded on the balcony. A bomb squad was inspecting several suspicious packages found of the church. Shortly after 8 PM. Police told reporters and vice-standards to get inside. An elementary school across the street from the church because of the explosives. Five of the wounded were taken a John Petersmith hospital. One of the veterans saw. And those have said investigators believe Ashbrook acted alone. And there was no indication anyone. He knew anyone of the church the motor remains a mystery. The man walked into this sanctuary. Pulled the gun and began firing. Christy Martin 17 said, I just saw him point the gun and shoot you said. Scores of teenagers attended Wednesday night to weekly service because of the annual. And you will see you at the pole ceremony. See I told you you didn't know what I was talking about. This is a bad listing. They have it once a year. It's called see you at the pole. I'm not sure whether it's north or south. Dax used the church as column minister said. At least 150 young people were inside the sanctuary when the gun went around. When the gun fire was over, he said Ashbrook said in the back view. Put a gun to was head shot himself and fell over that arena. So there you go boys and girls. Another saga from America, another little piece of Americano for you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. Whatever happened to my gyna rickshanches ran over with this. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good day. Yes sir. You're doing his best job. Yeah. In the church. And. And you didn't kill any. Okay. Thanks. 560. Okay. Some real thoughtful calls here again this morning. This is great. Let's put on the Noah weather channel. Okay. And we can be as impressive as the fan is waffin. That's what we ought to be doing today. These people got no material. They got no thoughts on their mind. They're in La La land baby. Eeeeeee. Which I've been very accurately telling you for the last 2,300 years. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yes sir. What's up man? I was listening to the show yesterday. Yeah. And I couldn't call it that work. I was at Mango's. What there was a Tuesday. Yes. What health? I want to apologize now for being there on Tuesday sir. No. I was sitting inside and I see him. He didn't hear the answer. He didn't answer. Yeah. He heard the manager of the owner of the restaurant. And I was sitting with my girlfriend and I tell her. So this is that as comes and that and bothers me. I'm going to stick that microphone and shove it up his mouth. I can't shove it up his ass. I never liked that guy. He's always trying to, you know, just putting everyone's business. I mean, you talk about taking yourself a little bit to seriously and a little more self-important. I mean, I realize he's got that slot job on there. You know, shame on you routine, which is a package consultant deal. They created forms. But nevertheless, I mean, in the middle of an emergency to be running around lecturing people and vision people out while the sun was shining. He'd be ashamed of himself. And, you know, the problem is the hurricane wasn't even going to hit us. I mean, which we just be scared and crying sitting naked in our houses. Yeah, there you go. I mean, I don't understand what they want us to do and what they want us to do. And I used to have respect. I know that I would like him to do. Go mind his own business. Go do something instructive. Yeah, I agree. And I was watching the news earlier that day. And I have respect for the channel 10. I like the weathermen that have, but I can't stand white Lauderdale. I was watching the news. And these people were at their showing clips to be people at Hallow Reviews. Every three seconds. Wait, wait, wait. There's a little wavy and this and that and- Wavy gravy. There was a dog and the guy says the dog and the and one letter says the dog didn't ask to be there. Take, you know, how can they be sitting there and the dog is being a little wet? How does he know if the dog asked to be there after these speak to them? I don't know whatever. The point is, who, I mean, what about your sys. I mean, they're watching the waves. Nothing's happening. I, I walk out of here to a clock that day and the sun is shining. There wasn't a cloud in the sky. There was no problem. There was no wind. There was no history. A life was going on. And they're acting like they're all depressed because they're just like the mayor mayor. Pinga, they're all depressed because we're not getting a kind of content about it. And you know what's funny because someone called before, you know, it should be on the front page today that I would ever, whatever it's Gerth or whatever it's called, it's not going to hit us. Why is that on the, on 15? Right. Why is it not on that should be on the first page saying, hey, you know, because that would be giving information. That would be like being a real newspaper. They don't want to do that. Well, I think it's terrible. And, you know, we should hold them accountable for further lack of journalists. Oh, just say, I'll send, I'll see you, man. Go. All right, okay. 560, 560. I didn't have much comment on that yesterday. Probably because nobody watches channel 4 and almost even far fewer. No, who else I'm trying even is. You got to change his name to Al Gluwi Day, not sunshine. Al dark cloud. Because he didn't bring any sunshine to our lives on Tuesday. He was, he just infuriated nauseated me. We've voted me with his disgusting, unacceptable, psychotic performance, baching people out. Can't making all kinds of accusations. Don't you feel responsible at your jeopardizing lives of your people? No, no, no, get out of here, Fatso, before I break your goddamn legs. I'm going to say, I would have paid a thousand dollars a minute to have seen a live shot of that when they really just beat the crap out of him. Just ripped the mic out of his hand and just smashed the camera and did one of those routines. You know, like we see on the time green show. In fact, that's what they should ahead. This time green going and they're doing the same thing. At least it would have been funny. Here's a curl spring. Hello. Hello, no, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Hey, listen, I got to speak to you about gun control. Yes, it's really fair to see all these murders that are going on. But the reason that we have the second amendment is because it's got nothing to do with individuals owning guns. Of course, you do understand that, don't you, sir. No, it's a well-regulated militia. It's got nothing to do with individuals owning guns. Back in colonial days, most individuals didn't own guns by the nevertheless. Okay, anyway, the reason I need more fathers gave us to write to have guns is so that we can protect ourselves from the government. You know, otherwise you'd have a wake-o-texist, and you'd have to be sure to want to see them. Okay, these excuses talk about the truth. You don't have a cover screen. Okay, have a nice day, pal. Another asshole. He, I let him say his thing. I listen to it. I'm starting to be spot. No, okay. Okay, no, whatever you say, pal. No. Just like I said, it's like arguing with the religious people. It's a religion. You're a crazy person, sir. You are a certified. Just like the guy that went in there and shot up the capital building. You're a certified. You belong in a rubber room somewhere, so we can be protected from you. We also had back in those days. We had slavery. We had women, you know, who were like a couldn't didn't have the right to vote, even. Ten classes, it isn't much less second class. So all of this business, when it's convenient for you, it's kind of like selective piety, like the religious people do. Let's look back at those great forefathers and look at all the wonderful things that they did. They were so far ahead of their time, like Patty Chiosky, not. So you have to base your laws and you have to base the foundation of civilisation. Based on the realities of what it is today. Now what it was 200 years ago, not a water was when Jesse James was running around or wired or a wild bill hit cock around for hitchcock or anybody else. But based on the reality of what it is today. And I'll say it again for the eight million times. The American people collectively have shown beyond the shadow of a doubt that they aren't responsible enough to own handguns or any other kind of guns. They're not responsible to do it. It's like if you had a kid who's 17 years old, now legally he can go out and get a driver's license. But if every time he got in the car behind every time he got behind the car, he wrecked it. He got into some kind of a horrendous mess. You'd finally say, hey guess what, Tommy, you can't drive a car anymore because you're irresponsible. You're a clutch, you're pathetic, you're dangerous. And the American public has shown beyond, I don't care how many millions of people I don't want to hear statistics. How many millions of law-abiding people and hunters, etc. And so the fact is it's too goddamn dangerous because just as much as they talk about their rights, how about our rights to life-librity and the pursuit of happiness, which means to be living safely and walk the streets. And I'd have to be afraid when you go to school or walk outside that somebody's going to blow your crap away. Because every nutcase in the world has got easy access. Not only to guns, but to semi-automatic guns. Ozees, 357s they got. Man everybody in their brothers should have a 357 magnum I think. And a bunch of automatic weapons too. So we can all be like, Planista, what a hell. Feel real macho. Sir, you're a bit of a finitive. Exactly what I'm talking about. There's no chance of having a conversation with people like you because, you know, I'm trying to be polite. I shouldn't listen to what you have to say. And as soon as I... No, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. I'm sorry Sir, I'm excuse me for confusing you with the facts. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Listen, I want to ask you a question. You may get mad, I don't know. And this has nothing to do with whether you believe in God or not. But you, a lot of times, harp on a lot of the negatives on religion. What about some of the positives? Like what? A lot of things. Have you ever been to some of this, like, some of the towns like Tennessee, some of these places where they... I lived in Nashville for two months. I didn't get out there fast enough. The most bigoted, I'm not just a bunch of drunks. I've ever seen in my life. Well, there are some good areas where there are... In the way there is a... There are some good areas where there are families who lose homes during due to tornadoes or tornadoes or tornadoes or tornadoes. And I, as God allowed those hurricanes in their native life. It's not... It's not an end to what that. I'm just talking about the world. No, you can't. Again, you're being selective. You're giving me a song that I answered about the good things religion does. And of course, God being the foundation of our religion is depending on which God you're talking about. Why is your God creating all these natural disasters and weak so much havoc on this people that he invented? That's a very good question. Okay, thank you. When you come up with the answer, call me back. Put the same reason that here we have a prayer thing last night. This was in a church. This was not in the middle of a cowfield somewhere. This was in a church. A bunch of young people praying. They're entitled. I mean, they're entitled to their superstitions. They've been brainwashed. They've been, you know, had their brains taken away by their parents. But here they're praying to God and all of a sudden people start getting shot left and right. Where was God, sir? Instead of interrogating me, you tell me where was God? Answer the question, Father paranoia. This is five, six feet. You A.L. Where's where? Oh, my God. Who's Father, Daniel? I don't have to grow up. I'm a gunner of kids. I can always feel myself or something bad. I do get so many tools when I kill everyone at school. So I'm like, Dad, Dad, kids, okay. How's this inside my life? That's why we have our eyes. Let's maybe a dozen of their runs kids. Oh, a grime. He's the grimes of us kids. I told him how to shoot. He really loves the sound of what? No way, that's not the cue. I'm a hummus, I'm a little Nazi red. That's with the size I'm taking to the neck. Oh, a grime. I'm a last time member of the NRA. That's why I raise the guns around here. Here's some. Oh, boy, look at my gun. I'm glad they're going to run. Come on, girl. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Kill the man for $712. Praise the Dallas Cowboys professional football team Tuesday before he was executed here. Oh! I'd like to see him closing. What about those Cowboys? They've just said before the lethal injection took effect, and he was pronounced dead. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, you weren't a Jersey. Well, they were down 35 or 14 to 4th quarter. there on Sunday, mid to big come back one over time. All right, there's this mile. There's the rocket going down the field. He got the thugs down. I read the Cowboys of the National Football. This is from Writers. Of course, they're the national football. They just in case we don't know who they are. But we also had Debbie does Dallas came from behind to tie the redskins 35 and then one and over time. Davis 42 was sentenced to death for the June 1978 murder of a Houston ice cream company manager whom he shot in the chest with a pistol as he robbed him of $712 in receipt. June 78, it's 21 years later. And they finally got around to a put him to death. He was the 24th person executed in Texas this year and the 188th since the state reason capital punishment in 1902 after lifting a national band by the US Supreme Court. Before he died, Davis apologized to his victims family and his own. No members of either family attended the execution as witnesses. I can't imagine why. Davis also said he was donating his body to science and that he hoped this would help someone. But his final words were I'd like to say in closing. What about those Cowboys? Oh. Now that could be any QAM listener. Of course, during the 20 hours a day when the sports nerds are listening. What about those fish? I ride. Oh. That that's the greatest r I have ever read in the history of my life. That it's just it is so perfect. Perfect. Two bad football doesn't begin with the G because then you could have the three Gs football guns in God. But there is a tremendous similarity because you do realize that gun God and football in Texas are all religions. It could change the name to goofball. Yeah, there you go. I'd like to say in closing. What about those Cowboys? See a it's a true story. That that's the worst part. It's true. It would be a great joke. But it's true. And you do understand that's the American fucking way. That's right. 560 505060 pound five 60 on the 18 T. Arnold's line. What about those Cowboys? Is it there? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami, yes sir. Hello. Speak to me. Yes. Yes. I'm not a mobile on land. Here's a landline whatever this guy is. Long block. I got a call from my mother from California on Tuesday when they was all disherking coverage. Yeah. My sister was going like that a lot. No, what happened was my sister worked at a hospital and at a time California. Yes. I'm in when in there and shot three people. She says, well, you should be hearing it in the news. I said, Mom, I can't hear anything because all we have here is that we're not even ready. That's the right. I've never even got one little sense about that story. No, it wasn't even covered by the papers here. The LA times the guy went in. He was pissed off because his mother died and he went in and killed three and discriminately three workers in the hospital there. But after I didn't discriminate anyway. Oh, well, he didn't. But I think it's come to a time and I believe New York City. Don't they have a very city law that you have to can't have a gun. And I think once you got a permit concealed the weapons permit. And I think it's time for people here in this state to just go to the streets and let's say, hey, no more guns. Yeah, you can't be safe in the streets. You go on the streets first. Let me know how you do. Well, you'll be right behind me. Yeah. Thanks a lot. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Yeah. This story is getting any coverage. No. No. What did they tell him had about came warnings which are in effect because it's oh my god. You know, something new people and all the it's hopeless. The people in the news media, they're all taken the same plummet juice. Okay, they're all crazy. 567 and how about those cowboy? 567. 560 pound 560 on our 18T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? All right. First I'm color. I love you, sure. That you're great about the gun issue. Love guns. Don't want one. But I think that you take everybody's guns away. We call this. You got my board on that. And you know, I think that you have a special gun range where you go and you use their guns and you go shooting there with their guns. And then you return the guns and you get to go home. Why is that? What do we need that for? What's the one? That's what people are that. Because I like it. Good hobby. That's the people that like, you know, the like guns that have to have a hobby and they want to go shoot somewhere. That don't, you know, still they don't have guns and they don't have no guns in the street. And then you got my board on that. You know, I'm out of stock just and have a great day. Yeah. 567. 560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. And he, oh yeah, here's a lady in Hollywood. I was just about to a ripped of them and again, here's one hello. Hi, me. Yes, man. Hi. How are you? I'm just wondering whether you cut any TV like court TV last night. You know, I don't ask court TV. You were on though. It was all about guns in Miami. I was on court TV. Yeah. They took you if you were like you do quite often. I guess, but I don't know how they got you on film, but talking about how down here is like a slaughterhouse with everybody having the guns and all. And they just did like a, oh, probably about a two minute thing of your show. Hmm. With you on there and it just hit right there. Where do they get that? Number one time ago, they asked, oh, well, we're doing the whammy thing. If they could put you on court TV and the whammy people get it. But that's what they got it from from the thing. I was just, I just got it. But you fit right in, you know, you know, you know, you're not that sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because I had called before. Why could you do something positive about all about God? Yeah, about religion. No. It isn't that disgusting. When they stop telling each other and, you know, doing all these crazy things and you know, you're right on the money again. And you were with the weather channel. Crawl under the covers. Yeah. Yeah. We just came out. They're hurricane. We got the big blow out there. We just threw all under the covers. We came out again and all of a sudden the sun was shining in spite of Alson shine. And now we're getting ready to crawl and meet there again. I think five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. Wallace line nine minutes after the QM. Oh, God. Two sets of. Are you an A whole? How about another effort? You can be when you attend the U.P. Mystic Profanity seminar coming to a Ramana Inn of an airport near you. That's where a U.P. Mystic Profanity instructor will show you how to use cartoos, Exodus in place of the word you really want to say. For example, an U.P. like this might prevent embarrassing. Hey, dude. Don't sit on that right. Oh, you're fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking spot after just one seminar with a U.P. Mystic Profanity instructor does seem can completely change. Hey, you're a- you're a- you're a- you're a father father, keep it cracker. You're court stop instead of a bugger. Better you bet. You see the system of U.P. Mystic Profanity is easy to learn because it's been protected over thousands of years and used by the world's most virtuous people. Hey, Banger, know your whole illness. Please watch you stepally just had a devetic his floor last day. Let's shoot my son. What the fuck? Sickened forci footing lava scoop of pizza. I think I'm gonna stick a bitch for filet on the father. So what are you waiting for? You mother ever? Don't let him bear a single user for vanity. You rip you a new a-hole. Sign up for a seminar in U.P. Mystic Profanity and you'll say Artings. Step the shorts. Some of our beach dwells. Oh, your mama. Okay, 1115 at 5.50. By the way, good fellows was on CBS last night as I was doing my channel serving, working to be educated and informed about what was going on in the world like, uh, Holy Shoele. Which they just had at least 30 seconds about this story on CNN, by the way. And I saw Joe Pesci on their goal in the MSN, uh, it was often about three seconds. Yep, I'm sure to Joe Pesci thanks to raging bull crap. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami Lakes, hello. The wacko from Wakeo that call before talking about G. That's why we need guns. The enablers people in Wakeo have a gigantic arsenal. Yeah. Aren't they all dead? Yes. So what's the big thing about having guns? Well, let me ask you this. It's guns very effective against like nerve ganshing against the neutron bombs and nuclear warheads and all these works. I'm all thinking. I'm all thinking. I'm all kind of a symbol. And here's the government. This road government. It's got the army and the navy and the Marines and the Air Force and the Coast Guard and all the military and the got the National Guard and all these weapons and all these unbelievable advanced technology. And we're going to take our little pea shooters and we're going to go out there and protect ourselves. Anybody who really but don't understand to just making up excuses for their love of food guns, for the fall of the obsession of theirs. When somebody get a call up and say, if all those little teenagers had guns, they could have protected themselves. There you go. I'll get a check like all those little five-year-old kids that got shot in all sandals. If those little kids would have just had the guns under their hips, if they would have had a hole still, they'd be alive today. That's right. Okay. Thank you. Good luck. God bless you. Here. I mean, you cannot argue with religious people and with the gun, that's because like I said at the beginning of the show, the gun thing is a religion and much bigger than God. It's a much bigger G than the God thing. The guns are like, I mean, this is the fabric of their lives. You can't take it away from them because that's all that they are. You sound like a bitch. Like him exactly. The sickness. And no matter how much danger, this thing poses, and no matter what kind of a psychotic society this has become because of it. Oh, no. It's somebody else's fault. They're not enforcing the laws of good enough. Now, I will go along with that part, but that's only the beginning. Here's a mobile and summarize. Hello. Neil, hey, how are you? Pretty damn good, sir. I was just wondering, do you think that the shooting of the church would it take a place that they only have the Ten Commandments in the Bible there? Yeah, that's a good point. That's right. If it's a work on the school, why it happened in schools because they took good out of God out of the public schools. That's right. What was the excuse in his church? Obviously, there was no God in no Ten Commandments in the church. Uh-huh. You know, that's just a little bit of a Lord working in the series. He was busy steering the hurricane up the east coast of those heavily populated areas. That's right. I want to make sure it's the most average possible. Right exactly. Thank you. Okay. That's another one of those good things that religions done the God that other God had called about 25 minutes ago. How come you don't talk about the good thing? Okay. I bought Northern Ireland and Middle East Indian Pakistan East, team more. I mean, there's just so many wonderful things that religion has spawned all throughout since man invented it. Since man invented it. Oh, you don't really mean since man invented it. The whole concept of it, brainwashing, control, power, stupidity, ignorance. And of course, don't forget about all the overpopulation in the world. Thanks in large parts of the Pope and a lot of other stupid religious crap. Isn't it just a coincidence that Latin America is the most heavily overpopulated part of the world? Now that the Chinese have threatened to like throw your brains out of here more than one kid. Isn't that just a coincidence that the Latin Americans those good Catholics are reproducing like rabbits? Because I think they're doing it rhythm method. It just don't seem to be working too good. They keep singing and we got rhythm. That's why all those Latin singers are doing that Huchikuchi, like Ricky Martin, baby. They got rhythm. That's why that Mammon number five is that Mammon Krabbsmick had a big comeback. They got rhythm. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, thank you for getting the God works in the scariest way. That's too. I did forget that. Did you ever think that the amount of an shortage of accolites up there for the Catholic and that's why they see that all those young here that accolites are less filling in more great taste. And where was God by the land of six? Six million people died. Where was he? This was chosen people by the way. Where was he? Where was he? Where was he? Where was he? There are nowhere. There is no God. Oh, I just thought I'd look at no. There's only God. You're the only God. Thank you, sir. God bless you. Kiss my ring. Rimes with thing. Five, six, seven. The religious people, like I've said before religious crazy. It's a redundancy. And I hate to break the news to you because a lot of you need a crotch. And if it makes you feel better, I don't want to take away your crotch, but I do want to speak it the way it is. And that's the way it is. It's all bull crap. It's all garbage. And to see this kid embracing his friend there. And after the shooting after his friend's ago and he shot and murdered us, oh, we got to turn the God. It's the only way. Well, they were turning the God and he didn't help them out there last night. And don't give me the song that it's about all while he took him. It was their time. It was their time so they could go up there and sit with the angels and, you know, praise God for eternity. All these crazy, heaven, all these crazy, heaven people and afterlife people. See, they don't want to let you have a good time now. The good stuff will come after your dead. Well, I got an idea for those people, okay? Since they're so crazy about how good it's going to be in heaven after they death, probably they just blow their brains out right now and go, well, find out what it's like up there and leave us alone. Sounds like a hell of a plan. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wildest line, heck, Goldberg show with Bino Cook. Bino. What a maniac he is. Two to three this afternoon. There'll be a whole bunch of people listening to that. Oh, three to three, 30 heckle beyond without Bino, which a lot more people will be listening then. And then three, 30 to Marlon's at the Giants, the Marlon's who keep losing and losing. And then tonight we got the Panthers at Nashville in Knoxville, Tennessee to play the predators into Panthers first exhibition scheme of the season and your first chance down here at any right here, Giants mixed on with his first radio play by play by the way. Giants been broadcasting hockey for 600 years since before foster he was an infant, but always on television, even before they had TV. So it'll be his first radio job and I'm sure he'll be a gigantic improvement over Christina. Remember what we used to have on the station? More on, yeah, that one. Even over chicks is 110 years old, he'll still be okay. Here's Miami. Hello. There you go. Yes sir. How you doing today? Great. I wanted to just say I do have a gun. Yeah, um, you know, I don't have a collection or anything. This is like a is an automatic semi semi automatic. That's a man gun. Trace the college, you're going to go take a semi automatic. Why do you need a semi automatic weapon? So what's the point? Actually, well, the reason I do have it is for what I consider an is for protection from golf and family. Yeah. Um, I see you need a semi automatic weapon to protect yourself and your family. Okay, send this the first time. Um, no, actually it's I don't think that even if they banned guns all outright, it'll ever be able to get them away from all the people, all the criminals that have them illegally. And they can never stop them from coming in. They tried that with the drugs. That's not working out for a while. How about if we just make it a lot more difficult for crazy people to get them? How would that be? Yeah, background checks waiting on just I believe in registration all of these normal things that we do with things like cars, you know, I believe in that. Uh-huh. I'd backed that 100%. Great. Um, because the other thing is it's just, uh, you know, exercise. There's no point in really talking about banning guns. It's never going to happen. There's 242 million guns out there. Oh, by the way. So what's the point? Just like the president's got is, you know, turn in your weapon. It might as well laugh. It's a joke. It is. They'll never stop them from coming in. They'll never stop the bad people from having them. I think I think instead of that program, the president on I have turned in your Puerto Rican terrorist program instead, that would make some sense. That might work. I think he's losing. I think since a moniker stopped servicing and I think he's going downhill. I do it. Um, I just for myself. I have a discussion and maybe a crutch. Um, but I know that if, uh, uh, uh, anyone who wants to ask you this, why would you have to have a gun talking about crutches when you can pray to God and he'll protect you and your family? I don't go that route. Oh, he's not doing too good of a job like using. No. Right there in a church last night, you know, all of if you remember the rhetoric after Littleton and these people all saying, all the life taking God out of the schools and that's why this is going on in Yadiya. And then of course, they made a big folk here out of this. The one girl that said she believes in God and they still blew her. So I believe she said, but uh, here we are in a church where they have this yearly special thing to dance in around the maple for whatever he'll it is. And uh, seven kids are dead. Yeah, holy bullet. Have a great day, pal. You too. Okay. Okay. He's oh, he's a fairly reasonable guy, but we got to go get his automatic weapon away. Okay. You don't need automatic weapons and send the automatic weapons to protect yourself and your family and go out and kill in a bandie. You know, you don't need automatic weapons to go shoot bandie like our Lady friend of the They're in four Myers who likes your vines and extra rare by the way. Five six seven. Oh, five 60. Oh, here's some hurricane news during time this morning. Yeah, good out of here. And pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You people and I'll tell you it's good thing you got this hurricane to cover because you people in news media. You're really below. Okay. You blow. Talk about blowing smoke. By the way, did we ever get we haven't seen John penis. Have we we've got four million questions for this guy? Like to think about next. Thank God. It's not too zero Wednesday or be I'd be to go out time to go down there get 10% discount. Because we don't know uh, crap from shine. All about it comes to our accounts because John penis especially he's just uh, you know, he's just kind of like that's thrown us to the walls is usual. He's busy out there. We're ripping off some other people. No doubt. What I do know be on the shadow of it out if you want some of the best hand made to garden history of mankind and you want them at an affordable price. Next to Garza's a place you'll not only like you will love it. What what the hell was that? Do it again. Well, seriously, what was that? Did somebody mong on the CD? That must be a goddamn comic pink Oplot. Somebody monged on our thing here. Let me wipe it off and the CD too. How about them Cowboys? Greatest story in the history of the human race being on the shadow of a dog. And unlike most of the religious stories, this one is believable. It's true. 56050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. Do you think I should try that thing again? Or not. Yeah, try it again. One moment please. He wasn't even a light crush or something. But anyway. This friend who came all the kids are learning to frame the house. All right. And every big CD of God to you is a thing now. It's all so far, we're going to go the other fellow way now. 785605090. 15740189. 38605060.maybe land cap? We can care of the nature of the nature what's set in laert of peace. 93055403. 290100. I'll lay around the stairs to daily and then down down there on the stairs And then down there on the stairs And then down there And then down there The most important part of the burrows you can make like a green for rain Yeah, it's out, it's green for rain Be the first piece on your glass That's a cup of sugar, you're way in there And then down there So what a Johnny can't dream You can do it, you can do it Join me in our rain now Because if you've got guns done, turn, take it all So each other will wait And if you've got guns done, turn, turn So I'll put it on the stairs to daily And down there on the stairs The odd thing is the lunatic realized that the sad part of Waco is that by doing what they did The FBI and the ATF people They did was they legitimize these people and give credibility As opposed to letting them do themselves in Because being animals, they are you I don't lose their souls 28 before noon at 5.60 WKOM Here's Hi Ali, hello Hello Neil, I think Johnny Reiner is on shaky ground on the whole day of the yesterday Good morning I have a couple of observations for being partial or non-partial And in regards to with owning guns Yeah, or the why don't own one for myself Well why not? Well, I don't think I have the need for it But I'll give you an idea I'll give you an example of a country that has a gun ban law And it didn't help at much against one situation I'm just pulling it out of the hat It was a few years ago when there was a shooting And a school yard was schoolhouse That was an individual walked up and started shooting children And I believe he turned against himself and killed him Booms off away also What in England? Yeah, back in England They just had an episode that they were six people got shot at a military based in South Africa But those are isolated incidents I mean I haven't heard of it In America these things happen almost every night But in England there's a gun ban law Yes, right? Now that didn't help Did you hear what I just said? Or not, or I'm just paying any attention Let me say it again It happens almost never in those places Well really Well, the ones that we hear Now the situation Not the ones that we hear Have you ever been to any of those countries in Western Europe? No, not in England Well then, no, any of the other ones That's not Africa I don't know I'm not Western Europe sir I've never heard of it I've never heard of it I've never heard of it Most of the countries have got very strict gun laws Except for Switzerland where all of us didn't have guns Because the members of the military Except for their almost nobody's got guns And nobody's blown each other away So whatever, they must be working pretty damn well But at the same time I believe in what you're saying that there's no monster There's no monster in the right There should be strict or laws In regards to people that own guns And I understand that that there should be a 1-100-call-up number National number There shouldn't be any more gun fairs Or gun flea market And we're going to the car this morning Okay, and the Farternon My ignition radio comes on on this station The first spot that I hear is for a gun show Right This is the morning after we had another mass killing And a church in Fort Worth, Texas And the first spot I hear on this radio station Is for another goddamn gun show Right I totally agree with you in the first place You're a great robber, Greg Reed You have no conscience You don't care Just give us the freaking money Like I always said It would make it at every day They blew 100 people away On the street here somewhere We still be running spots for goddamn gunshots Right The only thing that I don't agree with And your stance is First of all, I consider guns Just as any other quote on quote A tool You can blame the tool But you're not blaming the person who's hanging Yes, who's not killing people Well, you can blame the person who's hanging I can hear somebody that's not The driver's hammer But you can hear that's not getting That's what I mean, you want to ban me Don't bring OJ in to this again I started to sound like our buddy Oh, I know you don't think OJ in But I think why blame the instrument When it's actually the person behind me I'm going to ask you this Is a machete or any other kind of a knife Is it invented for the sole purpose of killing somebody? Of course not Okay, I'd like a car Well, Shane, thank you Right Guns, what are the purpose of guns? Oh, guns? There's there's something There's something Hunting? It kills people Yeah, animals people Kill something That's the only for there's no other reason for our guns That's the only function it serves Is to kill something or somebody Well, of course, protection Well, you say protection You call it protection If you kill an animals, is it protection? Well, unless it was a, you know, a smokey The bear was a standing in your window You know, ready to a pound Well, exactly But then at the same time you're saying, well We should just ban guns all together No, it's not going to happen I'm not saying that What I'm saying is that we have to be a lot more restrictive And who will be a lot of get guns Of course, and all this paranoia By the gun lovers About gun shows and about registration Most of these people are against any kind of Because their paranoia says, oh, as soon as they start making Any more laws and any more intrusions Then the next thing you know, they're going to come and take our guns away These are paranoid, delusional people I agree with you, 100% Have a great day And if I live in the highly well, I won't give you advice Here's that article that I saved again from USA today August 31, Canada makes the case that gun restrictions work In 1997 Detroit right across the river there From Windsor on Terio in 1997 Detroit at 354 firearm homicides We're not talking about how many people would action It's like we had two here last week, early in the week Two little kids that died with guns They want to father gets pissed off at the mother So it's still the five year old kid And the day before that we had the other little action And there were the two little kids that all of them Is dead Now this isn't including accidents with gun This is 354 firearm homicides in Detroit 1997 Windsor Windsor a thousand yards away Right across the Ambassador Bridge head four And like it says, even taking into account the population Different Detroit's got five times Windsor's population That would make the forward of the 20 compared to 354 354 to 20 Listen the same music, same movies, same TV shows, same video games Different culture, different availability of guns And you can read that article I'll tell you for it on our website When you can read the article on our website On your runges.com I got the whole article, thank you Eric We got the whole article on your foreign, everyone of you ought to be reading that article Because it says it brilliantly by Paul Labdee It was a freelance writer who lives in the Michigan I mean you can make all the arguments you want The fact is that there are civilized people And there are barbarians And this is a country of barbarians I'm not saying everybody in this country are barbarians But there are two goddamn many And if we had as many people who were pissed off and fired up And demanding of their right to be able to live in a civilized society Is there are people demanding the rights they have a goddamn peace And even we have some goddamn peace in quite and be able to live in the same place But while the gun lovers are running around Making all the noise and screaming and writing all the goddamn letters And everybody else is doing I got a third denied the time green shows on 224 noon at 5 am 60 WQAM You know I always thought he was sort of viable too You know, especially with all his obsession with the gangsters Then I realized he hated American Airlines So he's not as bad as I thought he was At Jimmy What is that? Gunfathers, pizza, all right where did that come from? He just kept it over the years I thought he was bringing the pizza to us In fact it's too bad it's not a pizza on the thing That would have been even better Anyway, you know we're having a great show here today Because we're solving all the problems of mankind The god-problems, the gun problems, the lethal injection problems And thank you sir God-phobbers, pizza, tray A thing Oh, do I love God-phobbers Maybe someday somebody will ship an over from Fort Myers And a pizza too But anyway, Sam came in here So all the lines were lit up and we actually have a meaningful show To say how about if I screw up your show and I said okay By the way, speaking of tickets I'm a lot more concerned about my back-read boys tickets Maybe somebody out there in the audience We got December 5th and 6th Are coming up at the macaroon To the concerts that were cancelled from the other day Oh by the way, nice job there Igor Could you go over to Tampa to get away from the hurricane? What up? Fuck And we have no food for it either Igor Because I got to get my ass I'm going to be bad I don't care, she didn't care last time Isn't it tacky to eat and then go get your teeth cleaned? Just squish real good before you leave I'm big your pardon? I'm sorry That was bad That was what I hear that homophobia again from that little spick Squish real good Yeah, I usually do I don't know about that Yeah, but forget food and he'll want some of it that puts That two salanimous puts But at any rate, so Sam gives me this Because of course, and I said the same If you've been listening, I asked him about the thing about the guy I said, how about those cowboys? He forgot the lethal injection and Texas there He said no he didn't because he was in a meeting He was in a meeting He was holding his meat Sand the shan Keep listening for your chin What is that mean keep listening? See he gives me a thing that doesn't make any sense Well keep listening As opposed to not No, check back with us two, three, four times a day Or at the wrong station for that Two into two into us Stick around Because we're going to be giving away So how many? How many of these say two or three? Two Two, QAM20, Romas Pax Including a pair of dolphins, cardinal tickets And dinner for two to twenty Romas, I think it like that They put us on a crap on them We see we don't have a toll free number on this show The sports, they got a toll free number We don't have a toll free number We don't have a real studio We don't have a whole bunch of guest mics We don't have a real phone system And we certainly don't have a toll free number We got plenty of nothing We got to big ratings Got a lot of revenue here Bring it in to tons of cash Make it a big profit on this show Do we have anything else? No, nothing So anyway we'll give a couple of those away During the rest of the show On the last two hours I mean how much damage can that do We tried very, Assidiously not to give anything away Because it destroyed the show Get to much of free loaders, time up to phones As opposed to our usual brilliant colors Or here busy solving the problems of mankind All the social eels of America Here's a mobile in South Miami Hello Hey, hey, John Great And I look like a Christian coalition Has something maybe a little more worried about Than a bunch of gay guys I mean I got people running in the church I just had the, I was looking on the internet here And I'm looking at the thing about the church shootings And it's just amazing If you look at some of these articles I'm looking at the AOL1 And I mean I think the guys of recopities are a bunch of idiots anyway But you talk about these guys You know they're all the students who are in there To affirm their faith and concern for the problems of society I think I walked through with a gun And started one people away And the suspect rolled a pipe bomb down the aisle To the front of the sanctuary And this is the point when the kids the adults That were in there apparently began realizing That this was not the normal situation See if he would have been more like If he had been more than a joint They would have come in and busted his ass But he was rolling a pipe bomb down the aisle And it's a well it's the American F and Wayman Exactly man I mean I don't know if these people will like Half you can and these guys They're so concerned about They're so concerned about the fact that you can And by the way because the time when we thought That Jesse the body of in Chira And the reform party they were going to give us a real alternative Now it looks like Ted they don't care who it is Anybody who says they'll run on that ticket As long as it isn't beaty I'd a little Ross P. Roll they'll say okay so obviously The reform party doesn't stand for anything No they don't it's a bunch of crap I mean it's you know those guys are so concerned about stuff that scares And that's why they want to have guns They're afraid of gay guys I mean I think it's prison like they do And the people are gonna make some little pansies right Yeah they think you got to go you know You know it's all over you know But then you got to be people running in the church By the moment to the gun lovers are always the ones buying the soap on the rope Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I could rate they pal Are you two think here Okay Yeah see now the lines are so helping God if this your winds up going in the toilet Cause Sam came in here with and when I said But it's my own tour he asked me I don't want to blame him yet Much better off don't be given stuff away on the show Okay you're right I've been going just gangbusters almost a year now I've been doing that Because otherwise it the show gets taken over by a bunch of nerds How about those dolphins are right That's worse 5 6 7 0 5 6 it's like I remember Shirley tweeters once upon a time Tell Mr. Ray about some marine That wasn't a military thing He didn't die from some combat wounded But he died You know it does happen to the best of us And his last words on his death bed That's that word 10 for five 10 for five Yeah Two by they didn't have soap on his rope on his soap We're soap on his rope 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile and palm beach hello New York and morning first Happy through day Yeah, he isn't a girl You know I'm frustrated with all this Condosness going on but just a couple of comments I think too much of the gun businesses Economic in nature and the country just simply does not have the will Make the changes necessary to do what they have to do Because of all the gameplay going on in Congress with the watering down of the gun bill etc What came to mind is that we have all these ridiculous subsidies For peanuts for gas electricity and whatnot If it's such an economic issue with the gun manufacturers Why doesn't the federal government step up Katie's idiots subsidies to We want to go down the road I'm so excited I was people for things that killed people like the back of for example I'm so excited I understand that but we got such a monster that you can't you can't do one thing without trying to contain the rest of it If you start a subsidy and then if they have some real teeth and the laws as far as mandatory guns Sentencing you know I'm sure they do now but I'm not sure how strongly are but if you use a gun in the commission I believe the crime I think there are three or four steps you can you can go all we have to light But obviously how many people can the prisons hold for people that are using guns? Yeah, especially when we got all these bad marijuana people in their taken up Yeah, but the money issues as far as the the PACs with the the Zidi some Washington with the National rifle Association So many people in Congress are spying on us they can't stand up and do the right thing because they're more afraid of Kissing off the people at the wrong their soft money quote unquote It's you know it's very frustrating. I can't imagine kids having guns killing kids killing grown up Every single in America is about money just you know more in a whole world basically, but especially America everything is about money But it's not going to change until we have the leadership of this country Yeah, and I mean in this country how about here our leader was on two days ago tell us that we should have been good in psychotic about a storm that didn't develop here He was under hyperventilating because he was disappointed people were getting psychotic So we don't even have at the local level anybody who's a leader how you're going to get into the state or net federal level You're not going to go pretty it's pretty tough to have leaders when they're anal like the mayor from that country south of here But the I'm frustrated you know I used to be a hunter and everything and I turned in all my guns predominantly shotguns, but It's just ridiculous it's totally out of control and nobody has a clear road map No of three or four items that it's going to take to go ahead and resolve the issues because trying to solve the problems on the world and the radio is terrific But again, Chris comes to shove what are you really going to do about it? Absolutely nothing put your money where your mouth is and solve it, but nobody wants to solve the killing still on Okay pal Have a great day see under the bed you got it. Okay. See in the broom closet. Oh, it's already full 560 50 50 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Everything in a newsweek by the way about internet sex how it's transformed the porno industry There's a piece about a young lady named Jen Tiel what do I say in that is she's 23 Which he started her website two years ago gentille thought will be this the hobby of self-described total nerd in high school She taught herself photo shop and put together a website with their fiancee Chris Then like lesions of other internet entrepreneurs in TL 23 thought herself in deep so to speak Or would be Chris on himself in deep I gave up all my personal times She says I'm at the office at least 10 hours a day even when I'm home on my laptop. I'm doing it. It's just mid-morning on the west coast in Gentille is still groggy from dancing the previous night at a club called Bob's classy lady Later later she'll perform a live masturbation scene on her webcam or maybe doing explicit online chat If in the next year I'm making 50 thousand month from the website she says I'll cut way back on making movies and dancing This is going to carry me past my porn career We're going to be giving out some of those websites by the way a little bit later on for those of you who are you know tired of reading about the simulated thing and why do at least take a look at what the real thing is all about Oh, and by the way It says though commercial sites are increasingly cooperating with filter companies like net nanny and surfwatch to keep kids out 25% of teens in a recent survey conducted by Yankello of a Yankello of its partners in the web sensing by Yankello partners So they visited the x-rated site 25% of the teens said that and of course 60% were lying Here's my any hello What do you say what do you babbling sir? What kind of swirl is coming out of your push? Okay, what kind of sounds are coming from you sir? What are you not like? Jamaica Yeah, go jerk pork. Oh, can't get out of here 560 pound five 60 on the 18 t while is anybody mentioned you make cool today? Oh, no, I mentioned about Puerto Rican terrorists But I mentioned nothing about jacou, jacouns. You're the reason I don't like to make cool and surf because you got nothing to say And because you like to hog all the good stuff five six seven. Oh, you know, just by the way thank God I shouldn't say this nobody wants those tickets. Oh, good I don't know, we'll have to be something if we couldn't give him away. That would be great 560 50 50 pound five 60 on the 18 t while is lying here's my any hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi, Neil. How you doing great I was driving down my car for four three this morning. Yes, I'm a car in front of me had a bonkers ticket And it says Is that when they come for you don't be sure to give them the ammunition for you So Listen, you will you be coming quite a figure in this empty Don't think oh, yeah, you sure you're changing to I'd buy did you already seen all it you enjoyed Oh, God so sad so you're so pathetic again, hit on a rubber raft go back where you came from. Okay, you're all the same you all sound the same you all smell the same you're all one dimensional Come out of con my decline bullet on your boring man your boring. Let's get some illegal aliens in here Who at least are some fun? Police got a sense of humor police are a little more than one dimensional. You're so boring pal your terminal God Look at Ron 560 pound five 60 on the 18 t while is lying here's my any hello Oh, yeah, sir. I love you show when you actually talking about sports You were talking you were saying talking about sports. Yeah when you were saying that this country's all money You're the problem is this country's a lot of politics and the problem is that It hasn't been until recently in the last decade that the liberals in this country have used guns as an issue Oh, you're laughing little everything is a liberal conspiracy that's right. Oh, you're a conspiracy if that can proceed it's common sense politics Well, uh, it's just like the conservatives want to do they want to grab the of the middle and the electorate And the liberals want to do the same thing so they push this issue of guns Which grabbed the attention of a lot of people and so they can get votes and And And it's not the ins not a big issue. Yeah, you're right about that. It's not a big issue. It's not a big issue Why not why not why and why shouldn't that be because guns have been legalized in this country since the birth of the very nations Uh-huh and and it's only been written and where all were also our people shooting each other with guns at the rate that they do in here any place else You can name me sir. What that? 567.560 pound 560 on the AT&T auto-slime four minutes till noon a QAM Hey I What a shame it's out of a category one. How do you like that wind do not down to what is it 80 miles an hour But because it's going through that naughty score. They're there. Actually. We have to have at least 23 and a half hours. I'll cover today See we're tired of that. I hate to break the news to all your people. I'm seeing it. We already went through our 85,000 intensive hours of coverage already sick and tired of that already Plus it's peanuts now comfortable. We were terrorized with their for days on end 567.560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Listen. I don't even know who ever we can. We have the part. This is one problem. How about the problem with the NFL and these guys? Leon that coming back five times five times he's so drug policy and and they live in the back. They don't care about it. And I passed it in and was long and professional sports as long as it's not gambling. They don't care about it. Drives they don't care about it. Okay. You get in and the phones they care about to get you a real phone call me back. How about those cowboys? 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. You'll go. Yes sir. Yeah. Big problems in the world. Those folks were about football. Yeah. Let's worry about Leon. What I think is that you and George need some military style guns so that anybody brings anything into your station to give away. You can just blow their crap away. You're like, man, come on back in. Sorry. I'm not calling the fuck up for tickets. Definitely not. Yeah. That's a killer. He'll show. That's probably why I came in. You're probably his buddy Greg put him up to it. Exactly. Well, I wanted to tell him let you know you don't know him. Of course, but one of your biggest fans Mr. John Parker. David just had a baby girl or his life did actually. Nice going Mrs. Parker. And what are who dad is, yeah. Exactly. But Steven Wright's comedian and he had a great line about he had a crush on his dental hygienist. So he said he ate a whole bag of Oreo cookies before he went in. They had to cancel all the other appointments. I'm out of material. Thank you. See you. Yeah. You know something your pain and the clean your teeth anyway. Why should you feel guilty? You know like, yeah. Like I nick myself shaving a couple of spots. I got a bad blade. Ever get a bad blade and you're not even a Puerto Rican. Uh-huh. Yeah. Nick, a little couple of minor Nixon there and like luckily one of the scabs is already gone. I'm like self-conscious about that. And I'm thinking of myself of all days. I almost never nick my shelves of my shelf shaving, but never to less. Oh, it must be hockey time. Your spokesman's sharing how that affect on me again. I'm starting to talk like the spokesman. But I'll share I feel self-conscious about I'm paying them. I don't have no be all. I don't have no bad breath. Although if I ate something I probably would and I'm paying them to clean my teeth and get rid of the bad breath. And you're rid of all that stuff in between the teeth. Which I don't like it in your teeth clean anyway. What that's a real, oh that's a nasty. And they always, they're always safest. All the hygienists, they're really sadistic. They want to inflict as much pain and it draws much blood. Have just a, you know, every time you spit out, which I have a lot of practice, every time you spit out, boy, just a sea of blood. And they got that big smile on their face. Oh, that's good. That's good. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Anyhow, you know, great. I'm just wondering, what's up with these tools? It's gonna get in the... They're not out pallet, they're not out. Just consider yourself saving a lot of money. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Hello, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I think the problem is that, you know, that's sad that humans have nothing to say. Yes, sir. I've been to farmers that were going back to laws that were ruined, you know, a thousand years ago. I mean, I've not a thousand, but 10,000 years ago. And they're going to an, they're all... The Donna Civilization. Yeah, they go back to the amendments and they're saying the Constitution. You know, we have the right to hold the guns and so on. I mean, that was made at the time when, you know, you're talking about civil war. They were going against wars against England, stuff like that. I mean, he has nothing to do with the relevant deal. Well, thanks for your history lessons, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Woo! Like I said, love those pack of stannies. Love my Chinese friends. Let me see it again. Well, I was an Amsterdam those 10 days. Did I hear one word of esponga? I did. I take that back. I was in McDonald's. The last time I was in there. I was in the McDonald's. I was in the McDonald's. I was in the McDonald's. I was in the McDonald's. The last time I was in there. That's how I knew it was time to come home. Last time I was in there. I was sitting in my double cheeseburgers and not eating the bun, of course. Doing my best brick sandwiches atkins without the deal shop. And all of a sudden I heard. Yeah. And then the guy by the way, he was eating an ice cream cone and half of it fell over a shirt. And he had like some kind of a, he was a New York kind of a aspect. And I said to myself, oh, yeah, there is a God. Because everybody else was so polite and so friendly, except of course, for the drug selling Jamaicans out there in the streets. Are they Jamaicans? Probably none of them are Jamaicans, but just because that asshole called before, I'll say they are. What do you call those people besides Barbarian? You know, the ones that are from like Pundidad and Tobago and the Netherlands and till he's, what do you call them? West Indians? For those who are them. Oh, I call them Smarmie. When you rock, rock, coke, coke, man, rock, fuck. Were the rocks to hear you know the whole view? You take those people out of there and it would be pervers. I'd be there in five minutes. If I had a phone call and somebody said they just took all the rocks to people out of Amsterdam, I'd get out of a plane right now. Yeah, I take my dogs to that lethal injection place and say, how about those dolphins? Yeah, we'll see you guys. Yeah, I'll be on that plane. Here's Miami Lake, Silla. Yeah, I have a question for you. If you're a home with your family and three guys come in for our oven patient and you don't have a gun, what are you going to do? Three guys come in for a home invasion? Yeah, it happens all the time. It does. People break into houses all the time in my amy. Yeah, how about if you have a good security system? Doesn't the alarm go off and make all kinds of noise and they run like a son of a bitch? You might not be able to afford that much money for security system. Well, so what do you want them to not kind of knock your house off if you can't afford it? What's the one they're going to get? I don't know. Okay, we'll start thinking about that. Sir, okay, use a little bit of logic. You can be for your call next time. Use some logic. If you're some kind of a schlepper, are they going to go to do a home invasion on a schlepper's house? No, of course not. You're safe. Just put a sign on the door, say, I'm a schlepper. I got nothing. Not going to come in, bother you. 560, 050, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, thank God we've had no calls for those dolphin tickets. All right. Oh, thank God for me. Not on the air anyway. What do you mean by that? They call out to you, but I hang out, of course. Because they don't want to talk to me. They just think they can call off the errands well. I want to take it. No, I have to do that. No, no. No, no chance. Do not call and be civilized. And then, of course, after making a great contribution to the program, ask of the tickets, I will consider it. That's the way we do it on this show on those very, very rare occasions when we want to give something away. Or when Sam is desperate to get in some pre-plugs for his good friend, the Tony Romus, so he needs some more free meals there. Because basically, we've discovered that this whole place is just a scan for the boss and for Sam and his cronies. 9 minutes past noon at 560, WQA, in your scan station. 560, from WQA. It's a vacuum cleaner attached some crazy scissors to the end of an puzzle and voila! We created the flow, we unfortunately know one about it. But now we're trying again. We're taking a vacuum cleaner attaching some other crazy stuff to the end of an puzzle and move. We created the all-new blow-o-me. And the best part is, I only look stupid when I'm actually using it as a three weeks afterwards, like a flow. Oh, me! It's the name of the product, what do you want? Bye, yours! Okay! Well, 14 at 560, WQA. By the way, after my last vacation, I guess when I came back, I forgot to mention the gross desk job that a local Travel agent did, I mean, I don't want to mention no names on here because we certainly don't need any more litigation. But I mean, you talk about lies and jerking you around and promising to upgrade you and all kinds of ballooning and having you run around in the airport, like a chicken with your hand cut off and you think you're going to die from a heart attack because these people are hosting you so bad. Well, here's Bob Lincoln, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to share this. Fimba, been a friend of Bob Lincoln, said to you. Yeah, unfortunately, unfortunately, it was. They could have been flying that airline no more. Now, unfortunately, they caught me 12,000, so I don't want to get into that. I wanted to mention Virgin, we got checked by the Virgin, but anyway, it's totally shared. A lot of the mention, you know, you talk about it's all about greed, it's all about money. And, you know, the question, the local question, you know, with the Zykor and Polvo call, you see all these ads, you have $13 billion of your business. Right. And, look at the stuff that's killing people too, by the way, thank God that I got that book. What's an image George about the, uh, homocysteine of the solution, the heart solution, right? Exactly. Well, listen to this, you love this. I got my homo level way down, yes, Bob. Hey, you love this. The drug companies have to test on laboratory animals, rats, the rabbits, the mice, the fetcher, but what's my problem? They don't have any cholesterol. So they have to feed them a cholesterol, you know, food with cholesterol and up the cholesterol. So they can see whether or not the Zykor or the whoever works, right? Now you would think they could feed them what butter eggs need, whatever. You'll never guess what they feed them. Skin milk and sugar. Mmm, yummy. Yeah. The same thing that the American diabetes, the American Heart Association says that low fat diet, you drink that skin milk. You know, it's okay to eat those sugar products and everything else. But by the way, we're using, we're feeding that to our laboratory animals to fat them up and increase the cholesterol. Right. So that's, that just tells us about what they're, we don't care about protecting the public. It's like you said it's all about money. It's always told the people that totally about money. And I can't, they're not making any money off of the wicked weed. So that's why it's illegal and they got a whole industry going on about banning marijuana. But stuff that they can make a big buck off of then, then it's okay. Yeah. Well, you know, well, we know that and we know who is known about all this stuff for the past, at least here's the admin listening to. And that's our good friend doctor, I would add. But anyway, I just wanted to share that with you. Okay, Bob. Thank you. And watch out for that ghee. Oh, okay. Yeah. I think those damn bars, okay. See, here's Bob Lincoln, love that Bob. Like it, love those travel books. Oh, I'm not bringing so lot more travel books. I mean, those, uh, old tell books. Oh, if I got a headache after talking to him. No, he's all right. He's a good guy. He just got some crappy friends. Hey, how about those two trips to Vegas with Bob Lincoln? Oh, see now my head is just splitting. When are we going again? Five, six, seven, oh, five. You know, there are people actually still ask me that. Oh, yeah. When you're going to put another one of those tourists together to Vegas, yeah. No, we're not. Oh, you're not. We can get Rocky right to re-aback on the phone again. We can get Steve Nichol and what's your name? David Sugarman's mother. What was your name? Susie, uh, Powerard. Susie Girard. See, all the radio stations you work at, you discover that. You think we get a few freebies in. We do and believe me. Why don't hell not everybody else is. And you see the kind of incestuous crack that goes on. You see the way that some people just suck the life blood out of these places. Not to mention my good friend Sam again. And all his cronies in there. Oh, my God. Well, life is a tradeout. Life is just a big scam. And the reason we got so many shmucks running around here. So many puts is who know nothing but what the goddamn ball game is and what the odds are. Oh, that was what I mentioned in the off the year. Again, the car this morning, the first thing I hear on this station is the show of the gun show spot, which we just had on again, by the way, had a hard time understanding it by the way. And then I put our punch out for a minute or two. I punched back at the course we're still in that long 12-minute break on a morning show. And the worst thing. And what's the next spot I hear? Here's that Kaplan's voice. All of the jets are nine and a half of the, and I immediately see another illegal gambling spot. Everyone we first started on this radio station. The only things that were on the year basically the only commercials were dog track spots and limp penis spots. Those were like 99% of the commercials. I don't say it's the off shore gambling spot. Oh, yeah, get gambling spots, limp penis spots. And one, you know, dog track, you're gambling, you know, permutals, etc. That was it. That's all they had on this station. And here we are. You're in a half later. Kick in gigantic ass. Can I get my back street voice? No. Can I get a straight answer about anything around here? No. No. That's because I don't want to be part of Greg's fraternity. That's the problem. Here's Miami. Hello. Any other? Yes, sir. Great. Two things for you. One I wanted to mention. Why isn't I and I wanted to call you up, right? You're going to cancel. Why is it that mayor penis is a person that represents both day, Broward counties when it's on TV? Broward. What tells you got to do it with Broward? Because exactly. We don't even let him cross the line in the Broward county. He's not allowed in Broward. Exactly. I'm not even sure. I live in Broward and every station is caring his little press conference What's happening and what's not happening. And yet all the damages goes to happening north. I'm going to ask you that speaking of Broward. I mean, I thought I'm complaining because we do have that fastest chair of who put the BS in the BS. Okay, Jenny. But other than, and of course, he was on every 15 minutes, opening up his big post. But other than that, name me a politician and Broward county. All that's very true. Yeah, we don't have any leadership. That's very true. That's that. We have nothing. We got nobody. We got a few lucky Broward county commissioners. We got nobody in Broward. Let's come up to a, to a, to a, to a, to a, to a, to a real deal. Then there's the whole bunch of politicians. Oh, yeah, right. The second thing. I was going to ask you, palms out there to see how much Chris go in get on there. Yes. The second thing is when you brought up about the, uh, to you cleaning. I agree. I mean, I feel so bad when I go to the dentist and the hygienic says, you know, you guys do this. You got a clean, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not going to do it. You just talk me out of it. Well, yeah, we're going to do it. I'm doing all kinds of stuff trying to keep my teeth clean. I'm going to hold it. Yeah. Yeah. But, um, you're, I mean, I, you're, I got to eat it like a bunch of Italian stuff. You know, spaghetti and meatballs and, you know, whatever, we're going to have to, I agree. No, you talked me out of it. I'm going to have George calling cancel. I know it's very, that I'm supposed to be there with three. Del stay somebody else in there. Of course, I'll just post. I mean, I eventually I have to go, but it's just, you have to be in the right mood to do it. You know what I'm saying. I agree. Thanks, Pat. And I'll look, listen. Yes, sir. I get to pick it. Sure. Right. Well, listen, you did something for me. I agree. Delista. No, don't agree too much. Okay. Hang on. He's aligned to give that guy those tickets in a Tony Romans and some stuff. That's one out of the two. No, he's right. He gave me the courage and why don't I do it myself. I'm not going to move to get my teeth clean today. You've got to be feeling a little man's acoustic. So when you get finished with him, I'm going to have you call up Dr. Gary. Why? Whatever his name is. I'll give you the name. Thanks, Carlos. Nice seeing you. Hey, listen, we're just going through the motion. You know, as usual. By the way, I'm going to say hello to my good friend, Spokegryffin here today. Oh, Jesus sweetheart. There's one of the nicest people I've ever worked in the same building with is my close personal dark complexed friend, Spokegryffin who's making a fortune off those guy damn psychic spots on much music and MTV and VH1 and all the other ones and more power tour. God bless her and my old friend Shirley Peters. He's getting fatter by the minute, but nevertheless. What's wrong with that psychic type network? Not a damn thing, we're all with it. And Castro Nova, we agreed two things. Number one is jealous of number two. He's an asshole. Right. Got something to be opening up a month and then he could have stories. He saw me at the saw grass. Boy, you must be desperate, huh? What's the word got out that you over here sucking around with everybody for a job here? Up all. It must have been real happy about that over there at queer channel. Do that Castro Nova is running around here sucking around with everybody looking for a goddamn show on a morning show. Is if we're going to put him on is there ain't you? No. That's kind of like roll. I don't know what to do. To laugh and looking for a job on the year. Yeah, they could maybe they can have a hell of an award winning sports. They can put mercury morse on there, you know, put him on for a while and put Roll. And then he got already more testies just dropped and he got that silly goofball. Jim Barry, who's all we still happy that. That's because he hangs around with Angela Ray a lot. You almost said. Oh, yeah. With the thing underlip. I think that's what they're trying to get rid of that thing underlip, by the way. It seems to be diminishing somewhere. Maybe else sunshine bits throughout for being on the year with a thing underlip. I would be surprised if the next news anchor they bring in on for in their long line of desperate moves. Maybe it's something that they hear. You know, at least we'll bring some attention. Oh, by the way, did I just mention that I need to have you call because you were busy with that guy. My dentist. Do you know what his name is? Yes. And say, what to him? And just say, I'll have to cancel for it. I'm going to postpone it. I can't do it. You will you will call and reschedule. Yes. I'll tell them to give you a date. I'll not let them suck into the hood. There's no emergency. My, yeah. I got a job. Is there a few months ago? It's less good. Nothing to do with the money. In fact, I'll be glad to. And I'll send them the money not to go. How do you like that? I'm just not in the mood to go get my mouth scrub today. At least not by her. Five, six, seven, five, six. That means we can eat. How do you like that? Huh? What a great deal. It is now we can eat. Another one. The saw. Oh, I think it's head in the door. Probably. I was asking just that. Was he really? Yeah. You have to be kidding. No. I like parents. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Although, although. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. But seriously, he does that. What he was still standing there. He's listening to the hall. I'm sure. I'm not that I want to be critical. Because I did criticize. I want to be constructive. See, one of the problems is we got a lot of young guys here who are inspired to greater things like our friend over there on the West Coast in four Myers. Corey Saving, which we haven't had a spy report about him at a long time. What if his hair grew back? You think so? No. Yeah, I'd give him a lending hand. Like when J.P. was here, constantly was trying to give him a lending hand. And he ran like a son of a bitch. Now, there was a tube in the neck of really too. But nevertheless, with the shirt on that, walking frugal. He was going to like the Cuban rhyme Jeremy. So what he said. But anyway, how come it is now? The days when Ken Maldon, I love Ken Maldon. What a great guy he is. There is, you know, between him and his real griffin, I'd be hard pressed to tell you my favorite. Two great guys. Once far to one Jew. But nevertheless, on the days when Ken is doing the updated to a clock, it's like he heard little music and there he is. And I'm Ken Maldon. Here's the stuff. But on the days when Clarence is doing the updated to a clock, I mean, immediately, as soon as we finish with the idea, Matt to a clock. Now, and what does that mean? How do you spell Matt to a clock? Is it like M.A. like Matt Dylan? Matt Damon? Is that what it's like? Matt to a clock. Matt, I'll explain it. Don't be spastic, Clarence. At 18, not Matt. Matt to a clock. But if you can't be used to have a W snooze here to go with him with Glenn, something or other. Alice Rantell had the hotstborn, by the way. And he had this crazy girlfriend Debbie that used to break his sunglasses and do stuff on the ear to get him up so while he was on the ear. But at any rate, he used to say, Browards. Here's the number in date. And here's the number in Browards. Yeah. And he wasn't even a swish. I mean, it's not like he had a, oh, I'll sure hope that Clarence and hear what I just said about Matt to a clock. Don't say that anymore, please. You do that. Listen to your tapes. When you do the updates at two at the end of my show, you'll say, Matt to a clock. Is he denying it again? He was in denial the other day about that hockey in the eye. I know you're going to go listen to the tape. Listen to the tape. Now, and you do it every time so you can pick any tape. You always do that. I'm trying to, he's going to pick yesterday's in the, go listen to it. He didn't do yesterday. He can't molden yesterday. Yeah, listen. Listen to yesterday's tape. You won't hear it. There you go. Excellent. It's 1226 at 5.50. Did you come? Are we getting lunch by the way? Yes. I know that's why you came in. I'll think it's ordering something. What were you going to order? That's what we're discussing right now. We're getting to the menu folder. How about our good close friend Brad over there at Tony's. That was a nice day. Help us out when everybody else was closed on Monday. Sounds good to me. Mmm. Just the usual stuff. Just a bunch of stuff. I love Tony's. Love all the people are bringing us free foods. But we love the food people. Because we're radio people. We can't let Sandy do only if we load her into building. And then if you. 26 past noon at 5.60 W to QM. You're everything fast for new raw season to hear that. All right. How do you switch to a set? Go. You're dollar in the garden. The tap. Go. All right. You say honey, cut, honey, go. Go,Seeni. Go. When you picking them back him could drive it. Go. Play the hand job. St  starve! Gorgewegen. St  on Danck. Husband's weren't in job. He looks so sweet on Gyrton. You can enjoy the basket restaurant. I'm gonna see it out, I like it to the spin I'm gonna put big room low, this fan You don't think about the spell, if you tell where it's at I'm gonna play in the jungle I'm gonna play in the jungle That's the end, get me in the jungle Oh! It has a lot of things back to astronomically She know how to be in full bit5 That's why it takes her two to build her the house Oh Wait, look this getsulas long to South But no, that's enough I'm right. You know Josh Freeman, I was just thinking about that, not that that was done about him. Or Hank by the way, some people thought that that had something to do with the humpers. Hey, stop it. No, not him. I'd dash not say what was about. What did anyway, Josh Freeman, he's the only person I can think of that would get down and turn down by the hookers in Amsterdam and the Red Light District. Because you know, they stand in a doorway and then you know, one business is slow at various times. They're like, crack the door open. Hey, hey, Mr. High, how are you? And they'll try to like lure you to their den. And he'd be one of those people that would like, like he did yesterday, stand there in the doorway and they would say, no, and then they would pull the curtain immediately. What if they charged by the pound? Exactly. Exactly. Yeah, in fact, he probably had a good time in England because he could pay in pounds. What are this disgusting piece of peace, a landmist, plus 600 pounds of crap? Like I said, we've got a real bizarre outfit here. Make no mistake about it. And if you think I'm exaggerating, here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Or any of us, everything. Great. Neil, regarding all this done shooting, everything else, you know, a lot of cities, people, they congregate in the operate and they go to the church, thinking they're going to get their clearance of these things and they don't end the things there. Have to time these things are done in the name of a situation like that. They've got to reevaluate their greed there and see where all those violence comes from. Yeah, I sure like to find out a little bit more about this asshole. I'll kill these people there last night who was a bitch and out the bat. I'd like to find out what kind of neurotic religion this guy probably was. Oh, you know, in the fact I want to leave it as happening in the church. Yeah. During their repractors and everything else. There's no, during they were having a big prayer thing, a prayer in, they were praying with them. Were they praying physically at the time? Yes. Oh, there you go. Is that the singing? They were singing a hymn and a her. Well, evidently, they didn't get their sheltering there. And then I'd like to say that God is very busy worried about making sure he gets Cliff, or Hurricane Cliff Lloyd, up to East Coast, where most of the population is so we can terrorize America again. Well, if people would consider the source, they would see that this would hardly recognize this is anything. And the God's book was all the millions he killed and all the people he had killed via his orders. And this is nothing. Now you wait till the locus come in, man. That's it. Okay. You know, I'd like to, if you'd allow me to switch the subject here for a second here regarding the ministers and the gay Catholics, I'm set up a reading of all these articles. Please, please. Yeah, exactly in the church. Yeah, I never done them. They call themselves new ways and all of these people themselves want. The new ways foundation. There are a group of ex-vatic in their ex kicked out to priest that are now, they're homosexuals only related to the Swiss guard by exchange. Some believe it will. Rather than these people come to grips with who they are, come to grips with something. And besides all the bit. The research are the human biology of who they are. They want to hold on to their superstitions here for their comfort. And now they try to make the two mix. And here they are. I don't know if you get to, and I think guys, what you guys mentioned before, the Freedom from Religion, I'm a member and I get all this every month, you get numerous crimes. You can't comment unspeakable things done by people using their their headship and their pulpit is a minister or a mechanism towards abusing all these people. Yeah, I like this one. Without their petrocoshi and San Francisco, that was one of my first stories I had this morning who was accused of imbezzling 252 grand from his church and molesting all of her boys and other children. Unbelievable. Venice fort. They believe. 500,000 they had a pay for not only for one priest doing it, but as the kid went off to the other priest to get help, they spent them and did it to him too. They all admitted they didn't have to pay. Well, you know, good spanking, you'll straighten that kid out in the hurry. And the Catholic church says they regret this, but they're going to rehab them in their own little counsel. Yeah, you and I did that. They'd hang it from the highest tree in the state. Then, then straight. Okay, got to see you. I'll pray for you. I'll pray for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 5, 6, 7, 6, 9, 6, 6, 6, 7, 6, 6, 7, 7, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 9, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 6, 6, 6, 7, 10, 10, , 5, 10, 6, 8, 7, 7, 6, 5, 6, 9, 10, 6, 30, 000 Hey, Troops, time is up, child! I've been pitching a tent for hours! Look, Dave Scouts will teach your son the art of self-preservation in the wild. Oh, I mean, that's what I'm like! How are we gonna get to fire going? That's okay. We can make our own body heat. When your son joins the Gascouts, he'll hear late night ghost stories. And when the severed body was found, he was wearing a Donna Coran on some with clashing the pelc that had been out of season since the Labor Day. Oh, that was a scary thing I ever did! So if you want your son to bond with other like-minded young men, have him join the Gascouts today, where our motto is. He's prepared to instruct your son! Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo! And I hear they all do get to the soap on a rope. It's 16 till 1 at 5.60 WCM God. This thing is moving along here pretty good today. Whether they're gonna be upset when they find out I'm can't sing my teacher's clean today, Dr. Y. At my good close personal friend. Dr. Gary. Woo, woo! So nevertheless, like I said, I'm just not in the mood for it. And thank you very much, sir. You deserve those dolls to get to your freebies at Tony Romus for planning that in my head. Playin' him. Oh, he convinced me. I mean, you know, so I'm not gonna do it today. I'll do it some other goddamn day. I just not in a domesticistic mood that I want somebody to be watching your mind on my mouth today. At least not her. 5.60 WCM God. 5.60 WCM God. We still have another pair of dolls and tickets to give away along with the dinner for two at Tony Romus. Thanks to our good close personal friend Sam and there who wants the spread. You know, I'll make it look like he's given away a bunch of stuff. Even though he's already most of the freebies for himself and enough you. What did I do with that thing, by the way? Not that it's all that important. I guess I have shot Candid. Here's a sunny aisle, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's the over and under on the number of killings in the first? 142. Yeah, can I get some dolls and tickets? No. All right. 5.605.605.60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. That was an old brainer. Here's Miami Shores, hello. Miami Shores. Hey, we love Neil. Yes, sir. I agree with you with the gun laws and they should be stricter. And it's too late to just go ahead and down them all. My only concern is it's if you want the gun bad enough and if the person is gets denied by the strict law and they still want the gun, they can still go on. Oh, my God, it's father Robert Ryan is on CNN. Go on, I'm sorry. They can still get it. There's a lot of 15, 16 year old wanted to catch their land. Right. Who have guns? And there's no way they were approved for it. There's no way they whatever guidelines there are. They qualify for it. But they still have them. And there's pawn shops all around the town. And I know because my friend has bought a gun from a pawn shop, who didn't have to wait for three days. Mm-hmm. Period. So really, they should be stricter and the law should be there. So they're not. And they're not. It's not going to change anything. Do you mark an F and my man? Can I get the tickets? George is giving me a look like it. No, it's your decision, George. It's up to you. Don't leave it up to me. Are you Cuban? No, I'm not a Washingtonian. Oh, you're OK. You got to. OK, give our Argentinian. Oh, wait a minute. I asked him if he knows any Nazis before we give them the tickets. He might be one. Actually, he's got to any beef with us. Not give him the tickets. OK, he sounds like a guy. You know, he's Argentinian. We love our Argentinian friends. They're Colombian friends. Puerto Rican friends. The ones who aren't terrorists. And as Bubba's no deal, OK. Never met a Puerto Rican terrorist that he didn't like. All of a sudden, he's starting to lose it. I'm telling you. See, they think that you get ciflose from too much sex. Now, actually, what happens is your mind turns to gel. And not a noose sex. You start going like a goofy. You start making sounds like a... Yeah. That's what's happening to Bubba. WQAM. I start going like a... Start making sounds. WQAM? Yes, sir. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to speak to you. Where you're calling for? I'm. You want those tickets, city? No, I don't want to take it. OK. I was just letting a piece of advice. I mean, I think that these Cubans that are out here... We being half Cubans are getting a false sense of security from the fact that they got a mirror. Like Alex Penellas that gets on the TV every time you get to a chance. Yeah. And just wanted to make that point because having relatives that get here, they place a phone call back to Cuba and let the rest know that they could get their blood on land. They're going to have somebody who's going to argue for them a national TV or local TV. And a lot of stuff. That's pretty... That's pretty. They're driven. In fact, the last time I checked Mickey Eras and wasn't Cuban, you know? Exactly. That's his good buddy. Well, you know, it's funny that you mentioned that because we're going to take a pool now. What ethnic group would you like to have as bringing to replace the Cubans in South Florida? What ethnic groups? I think that Europeans... Yeah, Europeans are good. Maybe it's not a good thing for a little while, it was in the service and nice people not tourists. Right. Just hang out. You know, enjoy lives. You don't work to live. You know, they lift the work. You know, I say, I mean, opposite. We lift kind of the work here with, you know, they work to live and enjoy lives a little bit more than here. You got it. I appreciate talking to you. First time talking to you. All right. How are we doing? Take care. Okay, there you go. That was a good guy. Pick them up cold because it's yours as busy taking the information for our Argentinian friend who got the other pair of dolphins. Do we have any more dolphins to get away this? No. No. I just... I make that very, very clear, okay. No more dolphins to get... Well, by the way, they got the grid of unsusters and they got father Robert Dryne and his on there was the last grade I now in Dushuitz. We have Robert de Borde, age 17, and he has been upgraded to Fair Condition. He had a gunshot one to the chest. And layered, age 16 remains in serious condition with the gunshot ones the back. Jeff Laster, age 36 remains in serious condition with the gunshot one to the abdomen. And we did have a very best tallie. This was treated in really fast. There are a few days. Here's another one and another one and another one and the people see this and they all kind of blend into each other and like, oh yeah, well, it's too bad. So what's the for dinner tonight? No, no, no, seriously, they've been so totally desensitized. There is nothing, nothing that could happen now that would shock the American people. Nothing. They could they could tell them to use all the senators here and all the senators could be under stark naked and they say it would be disgusting and grotesque but nevertheless would it shock anybody? Oh no. Maybe the AC went out there up in DC, huh? That must have been the problem. Got a cool off somehow. Here's for waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh. Yeah. Can really hear you. We got a crappy phone or something. Hello. There you go. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yes, sir. Hey. Yeah, no, no. Nice name. First of all, I don't want dolphins to get stuck in the water. I'm going to say that. I know they're gone already but I was going to say that. Well, I'm glad you said that that makes me feel much better. And did you say you're getting your teeth clean today? No, I'm not. Well, my dental hygienist is great. Yeah. My dental hygienist is good too, but I'm just, I have to feel a little bit massochistic. They like to look a little bit. Well, not only is she great. I mean, she's very pretty and she has great hands. And I like her when she kind of hovers over my face. Uh-huh. But now they have to wear a lot of protective stuff. So it's something extra in your post to a. Well, now they have to wear all of those stuff. Like, she looks like a welder now. She has a bad guy. Yeah, I'll try. Can't even have your face. It gloves in the mask and the other. You're right. It's unbelievable. But it's still nice. She's very gentle and she's good. I guess that she's good. Maybe she can be on the next page shuttle. Hey, did you see about Steve? Yeah. Steve the Heiserman? Yeah, three more years. You know, two bad about Steve the Heiserman. He's too small to be a great player. He's the best. That's what a brilliant general manager watch told me. He's just too bad about Steve. He's too small. Steve, you like God. Yes, sir. Steve, buddy. All right. By the way, Steve, you watch still looks pretty good to me. I'll. 10 years only still. I've never changed. He's still looks great to me. Let's all get our naked Steve. He why pictures now. We're talking. Oh man. See, that's one thing about hockey. I know that this comes to great chalk to you. But because most of the players are white, or I shouldn't have said that. And also because they don't have no 300 pound guys in there like the NFL, those big cups of crap that are supposedly athletes, the lineman, big tops of large. Oh, and hockey, they've all got to be trim and slim and hard. I mean, you know, smooth. Which brings to mind by the way. One of the things so much about good post personal friend Alan or Alvin or whatever his name is down there in a keys by attorney friend. What is his name? Alan. Nice to be boy. Who sends me a copy of the book by Laura Robinson called it's a paperback crossing the line. Violence and sexual assault in Canada's national sport. I think only outdone by the Catlett church and the priesthood is the out of child molestation that goes on in hockey up there in Canada. You know, it's cold. It's lonely. They got to have somebody who will cozy up to. And then of course they might even have the story in there about the marshmallow and the erecting. Back to him. Here's lots of the hatchy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, first time long time. All right. You know, I was, uh, I just got done reading that whole, uh, shooting at the Fort Worth church in the Palm Beach poster. Yes, sir. And, you know, I used to really believe that people kill people, guns don't kill people. Oh, guns are making it way too easy. I mean, I don't even know, man. I guess you were right with saying that nothing, nothing really shocks the American public don't think too many people get and kill with tea spoons, you know what? Right? Every, for what's forks? I know, look at him. You can do that with a sword or anything until he's right. Right. Only on guiding light. There can, it's like, I don't know. It's, everyone's in such a lot, a lot, laying down here because they're just nothing. That's just down here. It's the whole country that this isn't even an important issue after this whole series of all these mass shootings and the most of the people stalk of a craft. Nope. Because they're conditioned. They're like I said, they're conditioned to accept violence. They believe that this is the way life has to be. And so they say, okay, just to leave us alone if you can. And what's for dinner? And that's the American effinoy. Right. Exactly. Okay. And it's also the government too. That's real kind of band data approach to all these problems. You've had to do nobody complain. You know, you can't check everybody. I'm going to testify everybody. I make sure that the big money interest to really keep pacifying because it's the important ones. Oh, well, of course. You know, how much money people make selling guns? I mean, come on. It is. Same thing without the Holland cigarettes. Yeah. Okay, pal. Yeah, thank you. Have a great day. Yes, the alcohol and cigarettes. They're bad for us as the government's going to ban it. No. Of course not. They were subsidizing the tobacco growers into about five minutes ago. But if you're growing that wicked, we need an aback yard. Then your answer is going to jail. If you're growing a product that we know kills people with cancer, with lung cancer, with empathy, muck, dead or then crap. We don't care about that. We'll make the pretence that we're going to give you kind of a hard time. You know, we'll make it look good. But that's okay. It's still legal. It'll always be legal. But if you're growing that wicked weeding the backyard or God forbid in possession of a little bit or even much worse than that selling a little bit of it, then come on out of my meat or national. That's what I say. Oh, by the way, the Jimmy Johnson thing. There's a great line in that story. It's the second story in a 10-part series, which is good because you ripped a lot of American airline. We like that JJ, baby. He says I was up in the cabin talking to the pilot and we're talking about the airports being closed. And he said, the airports aren't closed, Johnson said. So I asked him why we couldn't land. And he said, American Airlines said everybody home. Which is why they had to go over to Fort Myers instead and take the bus over here and divert and pervert into all of that crap and getting all bent out of shape. And by the way, the next road game is October 10th at Indianapolis. Guess what airline they're flying. American. Because they got you by the short here. As you can scream and get pissed off like we all do. But the tough lock. And they know it. And they don't care. That's the thing. You know what it's like in this place. They don't care. You can customize and you can beat your mouth and you can be 500 percent right. And you know something they don't care. They just look at your laugh and they go, yeah. And they just keep doing the same crap. They've always done. They don't give a crap. How do you like that? American Airlines, they had a sending employees home because it's not a good idea to leave all that all the drugs there. When there's a guy named Hurricane, they might have some security people coming to there. Not a good idea. You got to take it home. Plus like I said, you have to have a day to take home all the guy there and lose luggage that was literally in the wrong. So you can go shopping. There's now induciac access to weapons of mass disorder. Never met a publicity opportunity that you'd like. That's what we're going to do when they will take a poll on the biggest publicity hounds in the world. I mean, somebody's him and a jury spends. There's another one. Every time we turn around, he's in a way to sell the cowboy outfit on saying nothing. Saying absolutely nothing. Talking glittering the crap. Four minutes before one at five, 60, WDQ, next time. Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. Hello, this is my goal. You know, a few years ago I had to run out of faith surgery. Initially, I was worried simply about recovering. And I began to worry about the post operative side effects like erectile dysfunction. GED. Sometimes known as impotence. Also referred to as whiskey winner, leg of lamp, soft serve, downpairs cuff, wildly well-heat, glass and flagpole, head and south spaghetti syndrome, Flint, biscuit, you know, ding dong, which is dead. But there is help. You need to see it, doctor, with a little courage and a proper treatment. You can help you achieve an erection. Sometimes known as a boner. Often referred to as a spiffy, hard time, pocket rocket, granite gum drop, current great crawler, rollercoaders, a chubby, catching the tanner being harder than Chinese algebra. And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed because there's now hope, the men and their partners. Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse. Sometimes known as sex, often referred to as the hunky dance. Pump and ugly, hide in the salami, split me up right, the dude's take muggy, get some on you. Imagine that, you know, take a trip to the mound. Just a little embarrassing to talk about, but with a little courage and a few creative here for mezons, few, too, can leave behind the soft rocks, get yourself some hard salami and ride to the baloney pony into a bright new future. I'm Bob D'Ole. Thank you. And guess what, if you're married to Liddy Dull, it's the won't help. 102 at 560, WQM 560, 560, Pump 560 on the 18T wireless line. How about them? Cowboy. Here's Miami, hello. How are you doing? Great. This is a common new from a university in Miami, Mfresh, here. I'm sorry. Thanks. And I just want to comment about that crazy name, the Chicago kids in church. Yes, sir. I mean, we can't be safe anywhere here. You know, I think God, that I have good grades and I'm getting the hell out of here and go in the parish next semester. Good for you. But, you know, that you went, man, before they turned your brains to yellow. Next thing I know, you know, I'm going to one day be taking a crap or making love with somebody and then you're come from crazy mean. Yeah, I'm about to shoot me because you're having a bad day. Right. I mean, we do because the stock market went down. So we're living in hell. Okay. Let me take a look at the CNBC because I think it was looking pretty bad. And 116 points down. As that sound 43. We're going again. We'll probably have two or three more shootings today, then. Wouldn't surprise me. All right, I need to take care, man. Okay. Okay. And don't forget by the way. All right, okay. Oh, five. How's that? Poppil, it's doing by the way. Why? Sure. I wonder about that. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Jeff, who's that? He's talking about. See all you big, you know, teams with team wins a gamer two in the right way. Oh, they got the banners out again and they're starting to put some people, some asses in the seats. These people are so full of crap. And it's not just it was football and talking. It's basketball. It's every sport that's ever had anything else. You name it. They should just change the name of the whole part of the state to just open the SUSA because no matter what the topic is, they're oblivious. Here's a mobile and pepper prime. Tell them. Hi. Yes, sir. I spoke to you about three or four weeks. I didn't speak to you. I heard it was a show. And you're talking about the Italian restaurant down the floor. They'll gd's. They were no longer around. They have a free standing building just north of commercial. 441. Are you serious? Yeah, and they are really, really good. The same ones from the old days when used to be right there by a pair of 66 in the My Kai. I am quite sure of it because there's nothing else that takes like it. I mean, it was really good. Oh, that was this sensational place. Yeah, it's on 041 North of Commercial. Just North of Commercial on the West side road just before the Red Lobster there. Are any featherers used to? Boy, when you started to think about all the great places they used to be, you know? Yeah, that place was great. Also, now I'll do a show. We look a more like Larry from the three dudes you don't you think? I think it's a little more like Larry from Bombay Street. From that show. There you go. I'll find them. I think. Last and final thing. I know you're taking your knowledge is fine, but I gotta tell you. The best games have ever been to in ProBaw whether it's your football, baseball, this matter have been to free tickets that I have been given by friends. Most recent one. I went to see the Phillies play. My son got sick. I was supposed to take them to see the game and then taking my little five-year-old daughter for the after-order. We stayed the whole game. She just wanted to take me out to the ball game. She was still patient. But the endings were going so fast because of course, her gets blown out. The very next-to-last-stitch, a fly ball comes. Yes, to who? To me, go off the hand and to the seat right next to my daughter. She picks it up. Oh, right. She's happy. Now she picks up the way it goes. Right. That's what I'm about to do. That's what I'm about to do. That's what I'm about to do. That's what I'm about to do. That's what I'm about to do. How about if we just get free baseball? Everybody comes in. The pound-pies like the Copa, free balls, everybody. Baby, I don't say the Copa. Here's the lady in Cooper City. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I think that too many tragic events are happening. Obviously in the schools and homes. And because of guns and I just wear separate tones of gun control, we just stop mentioning their constitutional bolognry of the, you know, the Brady Act and everything. Because the constitution was written in the 1787. And first of all, there was no television there. And there was no media glorifying the violence. So that whole thing was on an issue. There was no jury spring or show either. Right. The times have changed tremendously. Maybe this has just, you know, changed the constitution or just banned, you know, all guns. I heard a rumor that they're going to, they're going to take away the second amendment. I think that's going to happen this next congressional session. They're going to repeal the second amendment. Oh, really? And now they're saying to the safety locks on guns, which is another excuse for them to keep the guns on a straight. And, you know, all they do is blame the families for not having values. And as a teacher, I'm scared to go teaching school. I don't blame you. You don't, you know, I don't know whether I'm going to live or die. And, you know, you know, you know, you're a poor, there were no metal detectors. Used to go to school, no metal detectors. Now America has become so, we just accepted. You know, everywhere you go, let's have metal, metal detectors. And the case is guns and bombs, and maybe American Airlines has got a few more hand grenades in the overhead. And also, the whole information, I don't know where they get it from, but it's not even carnival. It's not factual, and it's not liable. So I don't know where they get it from. They're saying that, you know, kids die more of inhalation of, um, oxygen, or whatever it is. And that's so, I'm sorry, it's a bunch of bologna. Okay, I'll see you in the valley, girl. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 8 minutes after one at QAN. I mean, I see, where's the dead gear we still dead? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. And Jackalus school, he's still dead? Oh, yes, he is. How about Larry King, is he still dead? Uh-huh. He's still, he's still, people all I'm running. Uh-huh. Here's a mobile and cutlery, a chillin'. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I thought big realfins, he's still dead. Last time I checked. Yeah. Neil, did you see Alps? I'm trying on the news on Tuesday. At all during the hurricane. I think I did. I mean, I did a whole show on it yesterday. You know, I'm sorry, my radio, my honor. I don't know. I'm a whole show of bitching off because he's an asshole. He is the most disgusting dead of putwacking puked in the history of mankind. Go in there and bitching these people out. Oh, right now. Dacity, don't open up their business to the desperate public on a day when a summer shining. And there was no problem at all. And he's in their participating and crushing them out. And he should have his aspired. I agree. I'm sorry. I didn't get to the hero that. Can I think it's all about him real quick? Go ahead. It's on to the tune of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Yeah. Sticker with the sun don't stick it with the sun don't stick it with the sun don't shine out. Sunshine stick it with the sun don't stick it with the sun don't shine out. Sunshine. Shame on you. I'm having a cereal. Oh, right. My bad. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That didn't interfere too badly. The dolphin tickets didn't even know we got a couple lines open now, which we had the phone just smoking all morning long and we gave away some dolphin tickets. And I think we were right on the verge, by the way, solving all the social hills of America. We were right on the edge of it. We're right on the edge of uncovering the world's largest closet, the cataly church. Right on the edge of solving the gun problems. Getting all these gun nuts straightened out. Right on the verge of getting that hurricane to just drift off to see and leave everybody to hell alone up there and stop it all around in the other punishment that God is inflicted on everybody. See all the God squad out there. The crazy God people, why does he do these things? Why does he do these things? Because there can't be hurricanes. There can't be tornadoes. Even if you accept kind of a combination of God and nature, you can't have one without the other. Nature, if there's a God, the nature doesn't do these things unless God instructed it and taught it how to do it. And invented it. You can't just be selected and say, oh, he'd like to guide a call earlier and say, Remember why we talk about the good things from religion? And I thought, I went, yeah, went back on a start. Here's Pembroke Pine, tell him. Hello, Neil. Yes. Neil, I wanted to make a trade off with you. I was going to bring you lunch from Maynets tomorrow for dolphins to get some. Sorry, I couldn't do that, but I forgot. You need to get lunch from Maynets any day for a free. Well, yeah, yeah, my dad that owns it. Right. That's what I'm saying. Okay. Anyway, I just want to say, there's you like the free plugs. And we like the food. We love you too, Neil. I know it. I just want to say, I think those jalapeno peppers. Yeah, I heard they were tearing the, you know what idea? They did. They did some great. The problem is with the second amendment is, even though it was, you know, a different time with different people or whatnot, you got to think about the guns they had back. They didn't have a, you know, 9 millimeter semi-all. And almost nobody had guns back then. It was very rare. I personally have found that had any guns in their presence. Yeah, but even the guns they had were like long rifles. They took them five minutes to load. So you got pissed off at somebody wanting to shoot them. Right. It took you five minutes. So by the time you loaded your gun, the person was either gone. Or you completely forgot about what you're mad about, you know. Nowadays, you know, the only thing, you know, you can just load a gun and less than a second, just blow away 20 people without even blanking. And that's the problem. May I call someone to do Spagging? Monica Lewinsky said yes. John Roberts, you're a douchebag. Okay. See, I love that made days up there in North Pyrr. A year, probably, that great food, which we get for free because they love us. And we love them, like you said. Five and we love your dad. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Why don't you follow me? If you open lines, don't forget we got the Marlins and the Giants to sack, then that'll be a dead tune out. I mean, this station, we might as well shut it off. Put on the Noah weather radio. Marlins at the Giants, pregame 330. And then after the game we joined the, in progress, the Panthers, first exhibition in the season against the National Predators at Knoxville, Tennessee, with the amazing jigs mixed on. Anybody out there for her jigs? Uh-huh. Okay. Speak to herself. At least you'll have a guy describing the game anyway, which is something you never had on this station before. In a hockey game, you'll have a guy describing the game. He is old and funny that he and kind of a, you know, old hack. But nevertheless, he'll be a tremendous improvement. Even guys like Paul Harvey Jr. that thank God we haven't heard from him for a long time. We'll understand like what a real hockey announcer does, which is called ascribe the game. And not try to be a sit down comedian like the Jackass we hit on there before for six years. Who used to do this show by the way in midday. And at numbers, students see with Mont Palomar telescope. And spite of the fact that very Jackass loved him. Because he used to put on those dumb press conferences. Let me while I'm getting worked up about this. Let me just again comment on asshole athletes having press conferences. You know, because it's all because of television. It's all because they got all these hours to fill up on CNN and SI. And on ESPN, one, two, and three in the douche in the, they got all this time to fill up. So every time somebody far, we got to have the athletes hit down the red of table with the microphone and front. And we have to have some stupid press conference. Like that 10 like was a Jennifer Capriotti to one. It was a Karen on the other thing that hit her in tears again. Well, first of all, honey, if you don't want to get a grilling, tell me not going to do a press conference. You stupid bitch, but that was wrong with you. Hey, you Jennifer Capriotti here. And when I'm a play and ball from the court, I'm getting stoned off my hand. And I get my best hit off the Jennifer Capriotti. Cut a ball can bomb. That's right. It's the Jennifer Capriotti. 10 is ball can bomb. Cut will never suspect his innocent looking can. Just empty the ball through on the ball. Feeling with water and yours that to destroy brain cells. The Jennifer Capriotti way. Ah, this is so smooth. It's the bomb that sinks into 10 is ball can. That thing fits the ball. We'll see it's benefit. Jennifer Capriotti really goes a bit. Normal approved. Yeah, and she's breaking down in tears. Oh, I can't get across here. And I'm talking about the human. And she gets up and he's hearing the back. Thank you, Jennifer. If you're storming out. Perfect. And the people that watched that stop there again more pathetic. What did I see it? 5, 6, 7, 7, 7. How can he help see it? They show it 600 times there on goddamn CNN. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 200 open lines now. All of a sudden. Let's pretend we got some more dolphin tickets. See them way up. Here's a mobile and Miami lake. Hello. Hey, hey, what's up? Hey, don't you? Hey, with all the shooting, they should outload guns, man. It should be outload. Yeah. And with all the people that are out of the way, they should outload. Yeah, huh, great. Another one. There you go. Another one of your people. Same old tired home of phobia. The same old tired one, no Johnny. Like I said before, what ethnic group can we get in here when we ship all the Cubans back where they came from? Except a few that look pretty good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. God, are you old and tired and ponduous, man? You're just it just wears you out. Doesn't matter me out because I get paid my way to the other. Where's the world out? Listen to your tired terminal crap. Marecon, Marecon, Marecon, Marecon, Bungaron. Palito, same old crap. As predictable as the weather and normal ask, man. Let's bring in some goddamn luck. I said some Middle Eastern people, not too many Arabs though. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, you know, how are you doing? Okay. It's pretty sad. Like I'm looking at the hell here and like Floyd got the main headline here and all the sight is so the eight people and text is dead. That's pretty sad. I can't act as thought. Like we can't be bothered with that. It's only eight. Yeah, and another thing is, you know, all the hysteria that the weather guys put on everybody down here to be prepared for the storm and whatnot. Don't you think that people aren't going to take themselves seriously this time if this other storm comes through? I don't know what you mean by that. What do you mean by hysteria? The thing was the gigantic. It was a calendar to category five. Oh, yeah. I know. Another 50 miles to the west and we got in a gigantic blow job, man. That's right. All right. Yeah. Okay. I mean, Monday, like I said, they did great job. And then Tuesday, once they could all gone home, they could have given us a chance to live our lives in peace. That's when they started making assholes out of themselves, including the mayor and the governor and all the others. And of course, the fascist up there, the man who put the BS in the BS is the Howard. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Mobile and sunrise. Hey, hey, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Hey, this is my first time calling, but I like to set something on in three days. Cool enough, period. Last first, I had a competition with two guys in the ball. And they kind of beat me up. I was so angry. I drove down to the gun shop right down the road and sunrise. And I bought a gun, but they were giving me seven right in and a hit. They were going to give it to them and right in. I had to wait for the three day cool enough period. And that was still doing the hurricane. I called off. You know, I don't want to kill him in the morning. So I think that's a good laugh. That is a great laugh. I'll thank God you cool. Probably the hurricane called you off a little bit. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye. See how do you like that? That's far too. They're he called off a little bit. Thank God they wouldn't sell no goddamn ammunition. Yeah, let's sell a bunch of guns. Let's just stop selling ammunition. There you go. Hey, you know, something just dawned on me. There's nothing in the second amendment that says that you can buy ammunition. They're right to bear arms and legs but not to an alienation. Brilliant. Excellent idea. That's going to be the approach. Okay. You can buy all the weapons you want. No more ammo. Of course what you need ammo for. We've got all those goddamn heck with a done American Airlines. And the overhead. 560505050, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yeah, sir. This hoping on done control. You know why people got a carry guns? Yeah. They're a little insecure in their manhood. And the other thing on religion. George Colin put it the best. We're also supposed to believe in a little invisible man. Okay. Thank you. You sure that's what he said. You think that's what George Collins said? No. Here's a mobile and forlater deal. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got a question for you on religion. Yeah. I think that's the right way to have my doubts about the live after death. No, I don't have any doubts. Yeah. You know, you can say that those people in Texas that were shot that was got planned for them as they were to believe it. But the question I have about all this night. Nice plan, by the way. Yeah. Really? Like he said, it's not to be nail up on a cross. Yeah. It's like, you know, why do you got to pick out the Bahamas and that not a Orlando. But along the same line. You could handle looks better. But anyway. Yeah. That's a little bit of a good. Yeah. Jesus, God. Neil. The question is, is that how does, you know, the supernatural phenomena that all of this is what I've mentioned. The, I certainly think that, certainly answer is always the same. Don't question the Lord. He works in mysterious ways. Isn't that a nice catch off? No, but I don't believe that, you know. But that's always the answer. Yeah. But I mean, there's got to be something more to it. And that's the only thing that separates me from being an agnostic get an atheist. Yeah. Yeah. And so when I can come up with a logical reasonable explanation for that, because it's a, and explanation for what? Well, you know, the, the ghost decisions, the, the supernatural, the So, we have that kind of guidelines, you know, if you will. The x files. Well, the x file is a fence. Super natural. They have explainable. Like what? Well, like, like, little weman on the moon. Yeah. Yeah. Not like that far out. But, you know, fairly well documented decisions of people. Okay. OK. Oh my god he must be watching that suck it never too much like I said Five six and we're given the number for the taro card reader too. Well we're headed five six seven Oh five sixty got 400 open lines here all of a sudden gotta wish we had more dolphins to get to the other way not And pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line 126 and QA and let me tell you I O. D. Oh, I hate that station And One Your Because because I won maybe a- So I'm going to do this with one maybe a- Not your deep-a- My name is one in the air- What I'm maybe a- So I'm going to do this with one maybe a- Yo, I guess one one he left ten or seven a couple there with the mayor of Pingo. I guess he thought he was like, Hooking on with the real arising star, was there, who's going to move way up there in a political world. The only thing that's song that comes to mind, remember you old fart's like me that song by Perry Komo years ago, catch your falling star. That's what you did one. You caught a big slumber. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Or is launch by the way? Why don't we griddle? Come here just in time we can enjoy it and piece when the show is over. And listen to Hank with, You know, Hook. Here's a mobile and Fort Waterdale, hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. You brought up a real interesting topic today. Yes I did. Well, with respect to- To get about the guns and everything else like that. That's a given and anybody- Everybody- Okay. Everybody- Everybody- anybody who's sane will- Would- would realize that that's a problem. But you brought up the point of like, who's going to be the leaders. You said, you know, you said, You said, you know, you said, You said, you know, you said, you know, You said, you said, you were going to be the leader. If you're an intelligent person and you've looked your life undoubtedly, Have some sort of skeletons in your closet and one-type or another. You've done stomp things that's, That's the, the- The, the pony balones in this world are going to, You're going to, you're going to, you're going to be able to hold up and say, See, you did this, you did that. Mmm-hmm. That's another thing. Yeah, but that's- Well, that's just a no-of-s-use. I mean even years ago, Look at all the dumb people we've been through at zero-four was the president. We had Jimmy Carter. We've had some of the most mediocre pathetic, tragic losers. Where do we find these people? Well, I don't know, but I mean, you know, you sit around, well, I look at you. Look at you, for example. You know, you could not just you would want, why would you want to be a leader in this community? You're a leader in communities, well, you are a post-facto, whatever blah, blah, blah, because people listen to you and then the public forum and you state things that are radio shows and entertainment, you're not some kind of a leader. Well, I can't even get people to call or show. I'm going to lead them into out of the wilderness. I can't make these people do anything. Well, that's neat to hear that. But you're a person of intelligence and you're somebody that you understand the way things are in this world. Yeah. And the thought of becoming a politician or having some... Not yet in ridiculous. It's a borrower to anybody that doesn't want to stand up there and pull down their pants and show their privates to the world the same way. Right, right. It's a big within yours. It's ridiculous when you look at the people that are running for the president now and you take that down to a... No. Take your umbrella, umbrella counting. You look at people that are in power here, guys like... People who were in power, like one mellow or a brahma with, so any of these guys here, they're all a bunch of pop-up little Napoleon's. And they're all running around with their own personal agenda and people that generally have something good that can contribute. Well, they're busy running their lives or making a living or contributing to their family and friends or maybe involved in charity or something like that. But where is the answer going to come from? It's all. Okay, thanks for the hopeless thing. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18. I mean, are we looking to solve the problems that are working here today? No, I'm just talking out loud. Like they did on our way and me. Out loud. That's what we're doing. We're going to replace the Cubans. How about the Chinese? Like I said, many times before. Love the Chinese people. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Niel. Yes, ma'am. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, I want to change the topic for a just a minute. I read in the hair of today that Penn State is offering now their ice cream by mail. And I guess Penn State University is now delivering ice cream by mail. Yeah. It's 7450 a gallon. I don't understand who's going to buy that. It can't possibly be as good as fish food. All right, Miel. Bye. 560, 560, pound 560, on the 18. Indian Tea Wireless Line. I'm so lucky that I don't have important things like that to be concerned with and worried about you know? They just kill eight people at a goddamn church in Fort Worth, Texas last night. And this woman is worried about Penn State is shipping out their ice cream. I think that call answered most of the questions that we've been raising here today. What kind of flavors are they offering? They like the uniforms of their football team, bland. 560, pound 560, on the 18. Indian Tea Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and bell harbor. Hello. Mobile and bell harbor. Oh, yeah, this is me, how are you? Yes, sir. I'm originally from Venezuela, South America, but I live here in the event of an area. I was listening to you a raise show a few minutes ago, where they was a gentleman who said that he was cutting a fighter something. I just want to congratulate you if my chance he's on the air. And also we like to make it come to you. Congratulations for what? Well, I could congratulate him. Congratulations, the law that they are three days to purchase some of the nation or girls or whatever. If it wasn't, he cooled off about it. That was very much interesting to do. And I wanted to make a call. I wasn't a mature thing to do. I mean, he didn't have any choice. They wouldn't sell it to him. I'm going to give it to him for three days. What was the mature thing? He was on the school. I'm meeting that if they would have sold it to me, would have gone back. If he lost somebody's crap away, is what he said. No, I'm sorry about saying that, but I'm not talking about the first. I'm talking about the whole idea of the police. The way for your thing, that's very good. In Venezuela, wouldn't have that. And that's what I would try to tell the difference between that. You know, blood's very low. There's no type of gun outlaw. Anybody can buy a gun. And then, anyway, can do use of it the same time or the same data if they purchase. So that's where I've, you know, cut my attention to six to here that because I think that's very good. And I'm going to graduate this person who made the law. Okay. Bye-bye. Thank you. Of course he's talking about Venezuela, which is, we know is a 10th World country. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I was lying 22 till 2 at 2 a.m. firefighters remain perched high on these long ladders, hoses in hand. All right. He kind of color and pleads his eyes. He overflows in the mind of cocaine. He's that side, it's not true. Sadly, he overflows in cocaine. Georgia, thousands, winning the night that he tried. Okay. What's the overpuff like you say? Here's the 10th day, Mr. Pan-Pay. Here's that he's color as I say. And he would never play with cocaine. Georgia is not, but he did not, and he's trying. Okay. 1.43.560, WCM, there's bubble. You must be sending that to some of our troops in the East Keymore and the East Keyping. That's what this thing is all about. That's not like, yeah, that's what it's about. And the way it's going back to the Turkish fort work, little area of the territory. There's a little service for teenagers, something in the throat. A gunman killed seven worshippers, wounded seven others. Yeah. And killed himself. Yeah, again, we've seen a sanctuary violated by gun violence, taking children, bringing with faith and promise and hope outrageous before their time. Yeah. Our nation's support and prayers are with the families of the victims. Both feel suffering in the hospital. And the entire fort works community. Federal law enforcement officials are now working with state officials. And local authorities to find all the answers. But we know we have to redouble our efforts to protect our children. We know we have to act as if it were our own children being targeted by gun violence. Yeah. We know that there is nothing we can do to assure that this will never happen. But there is a lot more we can do to assure that it will happen more rarely. And I can only hope that this shock of this event will spur that kind of action. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Okay, that's it. A little earned jadestair. It kind of like takes the, you know, I'm saying the impact out of it. You won't, was there any room for the first place? No, not really. Eight million open lines here. Maybe look at this. This guy's given me a song to dance before. That's why I have to laugh. It might commend his power and I'm a leader. And I'm there. I got one call on a board. Got a quarter of an hour to kill here yet today. And I got one call on a board. That's the great motivator. I am in his dead as town. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. And pound five, sixty. Probably everybody that was on a phone got off to the could call a Penn State Order that ice cream for seventy four, fifty a pint of whatever it I want was. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I always worked for myself, self-employed, and all this. Most of my self-life. So I think for myself, basically. And you know what getting plane the spirit is, correct? What what is? When you get plane the spirit, when you see these people fall down. Oh yeah. From a touch of the floor or a dog and stuff. I never really believed in that. But I was just minutes for Game Do Our Church and he was teaching the youth. A lot of these youth were fall down. And I was just up there catching them. Next thing you know, I, I, here's come out of my eyes a little bit because I really loved what this man was doing for these kids. Yeah. On the mar on drugs and whatever. But anyway, he came over to me and touched my cheeks with his hand. He touched your cheeks. Yeah, my, uh, direct nose. No, my face. Honestly. And believe it or not, I went right down. I mean, I couldn't believe it that I fell down. Yeah. And like a step. I can't either. I'm going to be a part of the way that I'm going to be. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know either. I don't understand it either. Because I'm basically new to this. I don't even know the church for about three years. Yeah. But it happened and it makes me believe all of that more now. Mm-hmm. What made me fall down? You're asking me? There. I'm here. I lost you for a second. Okay. I had no idea what happened. Yeah. Okay. Well, God bless you. Pardon, I have 500 five fifty. Pawn five sixty. I'm not sure if I was off that. Female. And also, the people who survey party are other way or further. Well, lucky thing. How did you save your friends? Yeah. I directly think, there's something on that itself. And you don't, and I didn't know it might seem. Well, we're sorry. What kind of upsides can I get right next? Yes. But, do you think kids know when they're in a grade five of them? I can't believe you see this. small ones here? Yeah. That's much. in T. wireless line. There's a guy he got the spirit baby. They put the old hands on. I kind of like that. The old hands on. Almost you guys like the old hands on. It's right. What's wrong with a little hands on action? Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Neil, I don't know that. Great. Good. I've already told my grandma to stay away from the church. You know, she goes there four times a week, five times a week. She's out of a mind. Yeah. I just tell it to keep away. Now at the yesterday it's ridiculous. You know, it's just uh there's no end to it. Never be an end to it. It's crazy. I thought I really wanted to say. Okay. Thanks for the good news. A lot of good uplifting calls here today. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's helpless. It's kind of like the sky is falling. The things we were doing on Monday here. When we really thought that maybe the sky was falling. Remember that? Those are good days. And then we find out nothing was going on. And so that's why we had to kill all day Tuesday with a bunch of hyper ventilating assholes and a bunch of self-aggrandizing politicians. And a jackass with big ham hocks named Nelson, China, Channel 4, whom we all hate like poison. Even an asshole. Amen. And that's a compliment by the way, Al. That's a compliment in your case. Here's a mobile in Pembroke, Pine, Tila. Hi, Neil. Pick report, Pine's bullet large. Device 75. The waiting for everyone there. And I think they're roasting a big. I, he looks like Al's son, trying to go. So, uh, the beam is vacant. Okay. Thanks for the good news. You're welcome. In fact, if they are roasting Al's son, I'll come by to help out. I'll come by and work on the spit. That's right. Nothing like it, baby. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless One. Here's Neil God, baby. He's going to leave this community out of the will. There's I'm a leader. Can we get these guy down to people to the phone? No. Every day of my life, it's a goddamn song that it's like a contest. And endurance contest to see we can make it total to a clock. No matter how many people are getting shot, no matter how many blow job hurricanes are out there, no matter what the how much battle Bubba's learning joy this is. No matter how many troops are sending the East team or because we've got a bunch of crazy Muslims and Catholics killing each other over there. More than that good old-time religion for the guy that called us five minutes to 11 this morning. And why don't we talk about the good things religion does just take a look at Indonesia, man. Where the Muslims in the Catholics are slaughtering each other. All because their God has better than in the UNIHO Coast. 242560 WQMits