430560 WQAM My AmiPortLinerdale presents a Neil Rogers show To talk to Neil Paul 567 0560 toll free for David Broward Or pound 560 on yourself all the opinions of Neil his guest co-workers Or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Behind the mean acquisition or look the yearly broadcast group Now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QA You swear there you swear speakers You find my two score. Oh, my doctor tells me that he's got to fill for only seven, but that'll get me. Is there? Are you sure? No more have to fly. Maybe I'll see your face. The next time that we... Now with I have a goal and I always can perform. I walk around the town with the permanent friend. Because I lost that rash on my chin. With my hard-earners down and between us, I need a sexy is not a chore. Give me your number and I'll let the number don't even have to go. Oh, right. You know that there's a morning show that crappy boring old-en's died. Yes. Ron and Rung is really blue. I'm not shopping, tempo, they got fired. Yes. Ron and Rung are just re-styled. Ron and Rung are just re-styled. Yes. Rather listen to your joke. My... Every day the show is the same. You saw he's up the AP wire. The calls are tape and music lame. And I'm sure in no time now that we're... Ron and Rung are just re-styled. Ron and Rung are just re-styled. Rather listen to your joke. My... My... Every day the show is the same. You saw he's up the AP wire. The calls are tape and music lame. I get to know that. I get to know that. Every day the show is the same. You saw he's up the AP wire. The calls are tape and music lame. I get to know that. This is not required. Ron and Rung are just re-styled. Ron and Rung are just re-styled. Rather listen to your joke. My... You know that there's a morning show. Yes. That's crappy boring old-end style. Yes. Ron and Rung are free. I know that there's a day for all. But that's probably how they got re-styled. Ron and Rung are just re-styled. Ron and Rung are just re-styled. Rather listen to your joke. My... You know that there's a day for Rung. Rather listen to your joke. My... Oh, great. I've heard of this in two-jokes. My... Rather listen to your joke. My... Oh! Oh my! Oh my! Oh my! Oh my! I'm... But you got to remage him. No. That's my rule. I won't. That's the rule for me. You're in radio? I don't want to see you, I don't want to know you. You're in the business. I don't want to know you. Move my dump for the money. Now, how do you really do? The business has been mean to you over the years. You haven't taken enough out of it. Business has been so cool to me. I thank you. And now I can go away and piece very, very, very soon. Bye. I think we just signed off. No, no, no, no. Just me signing off. How's the crib? How's the down south crib? Nice. Yes, great. It's great. Love the hood. You know, I'm just trying to get in, you know, my wife is here in these rumors about you. But why do we buy it in the lounge? I don't know, honey. You can tell me until after we already put the mortgage down. I told you before the mortgage was friends. Yes, I did. And remember talking to you about this. You never talked to me. I heard from someone else. I know. I talked to you in the middle of November. We all sat down in the middle of November. And you in the middle of a deal. You didn't do the deal. And you didn't do the deal. You told me that. I just said I didn't. You told me that. You told me that. You told me that I know November, man. You did. We never talked to them. We did talk in November. We sat in the hotel room in November and talked. What hotel room? That hotel lobby. And then we went up to the room in Tampa. That hotel room. Remember? We had lunch and then went up to the room. By that time I already had my place. No, by that time. You didn't have your place. And I didn't talk to you. I talked to the people that you had told me. No, we all talked. We all sat up there and talked together. We did. We had a meeting. We all sat down, talked. And then you and I and two other individuals from the company sat down. And I had a meeting in the hotel room. And that's how I went down. That's what happened. And that was before Thanksgiving. And here we are, January 6th. Are we going to have a conversation or what? No, we done. Should I walk away now? You was going to do whatever you want to do, man. I am. I have done whatever I want to do. But should I walk away now? Would it be more, would it be easier? I don't want to make this thing. No, no, no. No, no. Things all about you anyway. It's not all about me. It's about this show continues. It's not all about me. It's not all about me. It's about I'm moving on. And we're making this an easy transition. Let's make it then. We are making it. It'll answer me about how everything's going on. I asked you. I'm going on. I'm going on. Okay, I asked you about the crib. That's all. It's great, right? Man, I'll just leave now. If it's easier that way, I will. The more it's not easier that way. Well, then what are you going to do? Then why are you saying, why are you doing? I'm not doing anything. Let's go on. Let's act like everything's happening. What's exactly what I was doing? And then you took your headphones off and didn't want to talk to them. Don't say. I'm not playing at all, man. I'm being totally honest with you. And I have been. Yeah. What do you mean, yeah? I'm glad. I'm glad everything's going down the way it's going down. It's all happy to me. I know it. It's time for me to move on. That's all. All right. So it's changing subject. I didn't bring it up, man. I didn't have a conversation with you. We just stopped talking to you. Just a little hint. Well, we got a new show starting in the mornings here on QAM on Monday, April 19. I don't know. I can't let the cat out of the bag. Because I don't want to do that. Anybody. But that was just a little bit of a hint. Anybody got any ideas who's going to be starting here in the mornings. 6 to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday starting Monday, April 19. I'm going to guess. I'm going to take you. I'm a little slow. Yeah. I'm going to try this. This is my lover. Father in love. Would you get off my butt? If your daughter's so firm. If you watch me very such a pun. Father in love. You think you better than me. You're with I don't need in cafeteria. And I am cable TV. Always wearing black shoes. With for me her to show. You can play the fast, sad, a good. You won't drive any more. You're much wearing the movies. You're many thunders at the beach. Everyone except for it. You should have been in peace. Father in love. Oh, I'm driving big car. And you're hating music. And you have the gift jar. Father in love. You're the I am a creep. But I ain't flipping coup on every day of the week. Yeah. I've got to black you. Don't notice the dark track. That don't drink that coffee. When I eat big man. You're daughter's my wife. I will not destroy her. You just gonna have to get over it. You need to marry a lawyer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 15 to 5 60 WQM happy Friday to end you notice by the way. The interesting. I was wondering about the timing of that Ron and Ron business. I mean, we got along with him okay before you know over at the Paxon. The early of her song. And they'll be over that other room. Anyway. Only that says. And it's time. A cramer coming back to. Yeah. I was like, God. Maybe he started doing drugs now. All the drugs he missed out doing in the 60s and 70s. Maybe he's going to start now. At least he ought to. He realized he's only 36. But it didn't. Yeah. Right. At any rate. And he's like the juicy man. You know, Jay Cortics to go with a juicy there. And the information. He's only 27. He just had a rough life. He'd recall that juicy. You can look just like him. So speaking of the juice. They're starting on the 19s because you know what's on the 17th. Don't you? Even you would know. Saturday April 17th all day long. It's the NFL. Trast. Right. So they figured they can get that crap out of the way and pass you by the sports nerds. And then the 19s we can start like, you know, evolving it like a real radio station. Since they've seen that narrow, narrow number that just never ever grows. It kind of like contracts and expands, but only like very, minimally because it's gotten over to go. Because thank God there's only a limited number of no life's out there in radio land even this time. Who just, you know, I hear this stuff about the NFL Drafton. They go, oh God. It's a week from tomorrow. Oh boy. Oh my God. Wow. And last night, let me tell you about my aborted trip to Papadau Park last night, by the way. Second year in a row because I'm a schmuck because my Alzheimer's is kicking in heavy duty. You know, I want to say this. Carol Hauk and David, what's that guy's name up there? How horror, how are we show? Between the two of you and anybody else that works up there in public relations, publicity, she facts as me. Waste our facts paper with all this useless crap that nobody's interested in that I can't possibly use on the year. Well, when it comes to something that I might, especially in their commercials, they're paying for commercials on his show for years since my friend Alan Fickleson died, there isn't anybody in that place that knows anything about promotion or publicity or disseminating any information. It's like this place. Everything's got to be a big secret. So last Thursday, Fat Rich is a sick. We don't go to the track. He calls me up. He's sick. Okay. See you next Thursday. Click. That's it. Now I realize that the dining room is closed last night. I mentioned that the other day. I was going out of the fourth floor. We sit in that barriam, Trumpable box there on the fourth floor with our TV with a sound of casting alive racing. I drive up there last night. I get there about a quarter to six. And I look around and I thought, well, it looks awfully quiet here. awfully quiet even more quiet than usual. I mean, you go to any track in this down and they're all real quiet these days. So I go in there, go up on the fourth floor and then I go, it's real quiet. Fins there. I mean, it's like deadly. And I go in. I see a couple of the employees there eating in the dining room on the fourth floor. And I go in a couple of my pizons and I said, oh, gee, I thought for a minute the place was closed. And we're talking for a minute and then all of a sudden my friend Carol, not Carol, how could the other Carol says to me, oh, yeah, well, you know, there's no live racing tonight. Who's that in the door? Where were the door? But our good friend's is old. Okay, I thought for a minute it was very standard. Glad to see his old man was Gary. Get him. I always saw him once. That's for this month. Over your quota, Gary. But anyway, so many colors to reassure there's no live racing on Thursdays. Did anybody tell me? No. And you see for yourself right here, George can witness. Here's the schedule for April. Does it say anything about the reduced schedule of the racing nights? No. No. So I'm sitting there now thinking, well, the fan man's not going to come up here without the live racing. Because I would prefer just to sit there with the simultaneous. You can bet he's a parking Detroit. That's why I make a few bucks, but in the Detroit racing. And I'm sitting there waiting and waiting, course, I realized that there's not a gentleman's chance in hell. And he's not going to come up there only for the simultaneous. Because then he can't check the workouts. Oh, the seven horse worked out great in the fourth race. Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, the two horse broke it. And I can't do that. So I mean, he's not going to come up for there. So I sit there. I wait about 20 minutes. I finally realized. And there's nobody there. I mean, it's a separate, my good friend Ron Bash who'd be there if there was a race on the moon. He'd be there, you know, on a phone plunging his brains out. But there's nobody there. So I get in the car and I go home. And there's a message on my answering machine. Which was kind of appropriate because the message, the message said, come on, you'll get to it. Reach there. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. Yeah, that's what it said. That was the fat man saying, oh, he was going to be a little bit late. So we'd call the tracking. Guess what? They told him no live racing tonight. So we turned around with home. And what a shame that I'm probably already on the way to the track. And I wasted my gas. And my time. Yeah, etc. So anyway, I get in the car and I'm to go home from this aborted, wasted time, trip to Papa O Park since they don't want to tell us what the schedule is up there. And I'm driving home. I'm listening to the station. Of course, being his lawyer and the desperate. There's nothing else to listen to anyway. And I'm listening to a big fat booster. How are you just asking George? How do they get booge and Josh Friedman up here on the third floor on the same time? Man. Oh, it's a good thing it's after hours. And those people on the second floor are safely out of the building. So I, you know, booge is going on there. And I'm just going to be running on about whatever and Josh interrupts and they're talking about the dreaded NFL draft. I'm going to say this, you have to be deaf if you're upset. Obsessed with the NFL draft. And we got a lot of deaf people out there. Crazy. No lives. I mean, no life whatsoever. So Josh, of course, we don't. And you know, all you got to do is get to 200, 200 pounds of food. Curl up on a sofa. Hook up your colostomy bag. And you never have to move all day. He admits right there on air proudly that he sits and watches every minute. They had the ESPN I guess covers it for six hours. If they covered it for 26 hours in one day, he'd be there shoveling the food down his Spat's belly post watching the NFL draft. Yeah. It's, you know, this isn't just for him. This is for those of you out there. The sports nerds who are so obsessed. First of all, why does anybody care who's drafting it unless it's your team that you're concerned about? Which that could take about, you know, 30 seconds to see who your team is doing. To see who your team is drafting if you really make that much difference to you. But if that's the, if that's the beginning in the end, if that's how much life you've got then, we'll give you a doctor, Jess number in a few minutes. Okay. He's still on the outside. He hasn't been sentenced yet. So you've got a few days to get a hold of doctor, Jess. Cooper, Claudia, misery. Oh, we're having an NFL that party. All right, come on. It's not a draft party. I mean, this, this to me is so sad. This is the time of the year when it epitomizes the tragic, tragic, no life mentality of the sports nerds. I was telling George before they showed us more and they're, you know, different categories of nerds. They're like the computer nerds like this jackass, the one at the start of the Melissa virus all over the world. Whose lawyer now says, oh, the virus is art, not terror. It's art. Right. They 30 year old computer programmer, who originally, by the way, was a, a broad county resident, but now lives in Aberdeen, New Jersey. Everything bad in the world stems from Jersey. I'm saying that every bad smell starts in Jersey. And as attorney says, oh, yeah, it's, you know, art, it wasn't the terror. He's just having a good time. Computer nerd, overgrown infant. Just like the people out there with their NFL draft, overgrown infants. Infantile, juvenile, back to that crappy get on. There's a, tell you, kid with a great arm, you know, out in Aberdeen, Kansas. There you go. I feel sorry for us that the planet has to be that, you know, all these starving people from Coast of all, all these ethnic Albanians or whatever you want to call them, people that are being slaughtered, driven out of their homes, both of the above. All the misery and the poverty and the desperation they stupidity in the world. All the people that's clamoring for just a little bit of space, a little bit of fresh air, reading room. And we have to take up room that could be taken up by, you know, reasonably decent people with sports nerds who are worried about the FN NFL draft. You know, we had to contend with this on the other stage, neither that wasn't a sports station, it was your dolphin station, back in IoD. So we had to contend with that. And of course, they were like obsessive, but not as obsessive as here. Because here everything runs around, you know, grid reads sports ego, Mr. sports, which is why we've mortgage the entire operation away to Wayne and the John Henry, so that Mr. Sports can be a real sports mogul, a real sports maggot. The number he is a maggot. So there you go. The NFL draft on the 17th, Ron and Ron start on the 19th. We'll sweep that away. We'll get that out of your system and then we'll start sweeping away some of those sports nerds, just like we've done here very successfully between 10 and 2. If nothing else, even with these big numbers in all the revenue we brought in here in the last 15 months, we have driven away a lot of the sports nerds, a lot of those jackasses, a lot of those no lives, and we brought this really intellectual audience to this station. QAM. QLX? Yes. Meows reaches a lot of people. Yes. I read them and hate, but that they said, Are you going to be listening to the NFL draft? No. Good. Excellent. Go ahead. Anyway, sweetie. They said, I yellow ribbon. Around the tree and tell the three men. I read these. Right. The three American students. Yes. Please. I tell you. I'll tell you a ribbon around your what? Trees. What if you don't have a tree? I had all my trees chopped down. I'm all of them. What? All of them? Yeah. There will be a lot of them. They were malalucatries that were killing my aunt. I did, right? They were killing me with the analogy. You think I should have trees up there so I can get sick just so I can tie a ribbon around it? Yes. How about if we just hang Tony Orlando from a tree? That's okay with me. Okay. I lost my husband in the war. In which war? Second. In the second? Yeah. I mean. Uh-huh. How did you have to get to? Yeah. I feel, you know, we do something. Right. Do we remember them? Yeah. How do you mean to remember them? They're not dead. I don't mean no. They don't know what they're going to do with them. Yeah. I'll find it. But we do call Channel 10 and tell the White Waterdale of the country is called It's pronounced Cyprus and not Cyprus. Oh yeah. What a jackass he is, isn't he? You know what? I don't like him. I can't stand him. Since he shaved off the mustache, you remember when he shaved. Yeah. When Samsung got the haircut, he lost his brain. Sending with Dwight Latter. No, he got his mustache. He looked his strength. Yeah. And I got a mustache. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, Dwight's trying to ask him if he would announce it, it would be nice. Okay. Families of the people of the people that are armed. Well, you know, he's so obsessed with this other stuff. But I'll try to give him the do it. He's such a hard ass, you know. Oh yeah. He is. He's impossible. He's a real jackass. All right. Okay. Have a great weekend, sweetheart. Happy circus, too, by the way. Thank you. Never too early to say happy. Okay. By the way, Ty and Yellow Ribbon around your, uh, Okay, this weekend, before you go to the movie, Drive-in, to try to procreate. If you see that stuff, they're all trying to make the Y2K babies. I'll get to that. We got a lot of stuff today. Take a couple of calls. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, I'm a spanking in the butt, Tommy. He's R-E-P-I-O-N. Oh, it's a record sign. Here. I'm gonna take off my shoes. You're a pop-up, my dress. It makes me wet when I see you just. I'll be in the right stuff. That's too big for my mouth. I want it for the nary and a pop-up, too. And take it out by lubricated hooks, too. Welcome. Give me an air-wrest. Okay. And through the wall. The R-E-P-I-O-N. Oh. I want to drink your ball. I want to laugh and walk the opposite way. You should do a door of the scene. And then I'll give it a blow. In the morning, it gets as big as this. At least until you take up the top on a rack on the surround. You're hoping to. And make your wonderworm excruciate with food. Work work? That's on the rack. The dance is on circumcised. All by myself. All by myself. All by myself. All by myself. All by myself. Speaking of animal ria. 32 or 5, 60 WMs are good friend. A little Tommy Denver. I guess we should play that, you know. He is still a little bit as big as asshole. Every time. Tommy Denver. Beautiful. Nice to see you. Thank you. You're welcome. So anyway, a little time. Then a burger was shot at the hockey game one game last week. I forget which one because they've all been the same way. They've all stuck. And we had a long chat. And we tried to have a chat between all that music. That noise blurring in the macarooner. So anyway, we have a little spy report about a little Tommy D over there. Clear channel. Tommy was driving into a work yesterday. That was this like I guess in the middle of the day or like that's been a little bit of the day. A little bit of a comment in from one of his tough sales calls. And then who is this young lady that you're telling me about with a very large boobs in the shape of the ass? Jennifer. And a pretty fake. Not our Jennifer, but some of the Jennifer. Another Jennifer. A lovely Jennifer. A beautiful real smoldering hot Jennifer. Probably very easily. A little worker. A fellow employee. A coworker. They're at queer channel. So Tommy D being of course always having an eye for the ladies that look really really human. He became in China obsessed with Jennifer. Obsessed to the point where he kind of like wasn't paying attention to where he was going. Well, you've all done that. Have them we all. So our good friend Henry. What's Henry's last name? Cassada. Henry Cassada. Who's a good guy by the way. He wants a punch. Fat boy in the post. I wonder if he's willing to do is about the Cassada. So anyway, Henry had his car smashed up by Tommy D. To make a long story short. I mean really really bashed and smashed. They are hypnotic. I mean she has hypnotic. You know, I know Jennifer. Oh, sure. She's a good friend. Yeah. Which is a good friend. Not as good as I'd like her to be. Yeah. How old is Jennifer? 15. Little. 14. How old is Jennifer? I know. My age a little younger, maybe. Your age? Not down here. So there's the time that a very far we've fought for your boys and girls. Ron and Ron Monday, for my team. I hear from all those Ron and Ron people. I really missed those guys. Anybody remember them? No. How's Fred's coming to? Yeah. Tommy Cramer. No. Good. Well, it was on that show. I guess we'll have to hire Mad Max to engineer it. Oh, a parody guy. Oh, the song parody guy. He'll be a gym. What's that his name? What? What? Now, what do you look at? I'm supposed to be the old guy. His name was Jim. Hi. This is Jim. No, not that Jim. He's not coming back. He's just... Huh? Jeff, no, it was Jim. All right. I'm telling you, it was Jim. Yeah, it was Jim. So the song parody guy's coming back. Yeah. Ron and Ron, look at it. The phone is smoldering with excitement. Ron and Ron radio network hello. See what I mean? Ron and Ron network hello. Yes, sir. WQAM. I, yes. I'd like to speak to Neil, please. Speaking. Neil. Yes. Oh, my goodness. Just saying hello. I want to speak to him. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. People are cold today. Today and yesterday, we're doing so a little different today. Mix it up for the audience. I like it. That's great. I didn't. I was using you wouldn't believe how happy I am to hear your voice. Because I turned on the radio a little after 10 a.m. And I'd hear Ron and Ron. Well, that was just a preview. They're starting a week from Monday and the morning. Oh, my God. You hate them? Oh, like you're a police. You know who they are. I don't think anybody else in the audience knows who they are. What they're in for you. Oh, my God. Just folks, whoever's out there listening, who an office and as they come on. Really? Is that bad? Oh, my goodness. I mean, I personally never listened to their show when I worked with them. You know, over at Paxon? I, I just, just no words, no words. Neil Rodgers. Yeah. That's it. Neil, the, the reason I called you this morning is. Yes, sir. My daughter was watching. Now, and I'll let me before you go into that. Have you tied a yellow ribbon around a tree and your yard yet? I tied the yellow ribbon around the thing and everything. Good. Okay. I was watching Paxon with my daughter was watching Jenny Jones this morning. Yeah. I believe I have another name for you to add to your list of ludicrous, afro-American names. Yeah. Apparently this girl's mother went into labor. Malicia? No. She must have been in the Harrisway. I will have a beauty supply store. She, uh, an Android kid, Aquaneta. Oh, I like that. Isn't that something? Uh-huh. I guess it could have been worse if she were the baker. She might have called her for Katsha. She could always join at the Aqua, you know, the music group. Huh? That's something. Anyone who has a, another word, dark Barbie doll. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Say hi to Neta. How you be doing Aqua? How you doing, Louisa? How you doing, Kishan? Yeah. But of course, this sports nerds, like I said, they go along with this crack. They could have a names that were like three, uh, three vowels. Just a big, uh, vowel movement. Well, you know, whatever. It was said, like that, uh, premier Raju from Chinese today. That you guys from China. Oh, that's what we're looking for today is Jewish Chinese. Here's the question for you. This is, we know that there's a very, we got a facts on that. Yesterday, are there black Chinese? I don't, you can't be black in Chinese. You can be black in Jewish. Like these phalashes. But black is a race in Chinese is a race in my correct. So how can you be black in Chinese? What if you're black in your board in China? What the, what are you doing over there? Do you get lost? Do you get lost on the way to the watermelon stand? I mean, what is that? What? Oh, seriously, how can they be? Now, what if there's obviously interracial marriages? There are black guys married to Chinese women? There's black women married to Chinese guys. Aren't there? No. I bet there are. Because boy, you talk about two groups of people that really know how to multiply. The Chinese have their advocates and the blacks who got their, They know how to put them together and multiply. Like rabbits. Woo. Vision little Chinese can't all be wrong. You know what they used to say? They can't all be wrong. That's why some of them are just named Lee. Now, what kind of a trend like Henry Lee? They were all and by the way, in the category of redundancy. Like we don't really know anymore, but let's keep making a big deal out of it. Since there's nothing else going on in the family, we saw it's butchering all those people in Yugoslavia. 48 hours last night. Did you see that? A solid hour on John Peney again. I saw the whole thing. I saw the whole thing too. And was it this time? And absolutely positively nothing. Nothing at the end. Dan Radha comes on with a straight face, which I love Dan Radha by the way. He's great. But it comes on with a straight face. He's either they're getting away with murder or they're being smeared and slandered and it's a terrible thing. Yeah. And we'll see you next week. I'm 48 hours. Oh, they said nothing. Kind of like that asshole Lauren Schiller that wrote that book. He wrote about a 450 page book and said nothing. You know what he said? Yeah. And what do they see on 40 hours last night about John Peney? Yeah. Did we learn anything new? No. Anything old? No. Nothing. But I tidy all over and run my TV set, just non-er of John Peney. Fuck 30 to me. Just it right back, Edels Hope got John Peney. I'll get it or two. Oh, right. Ever since he was on Dobe, somehow you always knew that he was a great mixed-moking man. He's hit's worst-drung-and-true with Aldo Lotto, John. He wouldn't know what to do. He wouldn't know what to do. The times they started getting up his tiny buzz was tossed. If not, the courage of the old man, he's back into empty loss. He's back into empty loss. And the novelist came knocking just as guilty. I'm looking into smile to downgilling him. A bag of weed. I'll be looking okay and a bond. I'll water a bond. I'm gonna have to put him in jail. All on kill against clown. 1045 and 560 WDQAms. That's our poll question today, by the way. Which of the following categories, which of these people are the most desperate and mental and psychiatric assistance immediately? People who watch auto racing, people who watch golf on television, or people obsessed with the NFL draft. Huh? You think they might be some crossover there? Huh? That's a tough one. I would hate to be put on a spot to try to come up with an answer for that. Speaking of assholes, by the way. Very jackass, that little pudgy face pudwacker who still lives with mommy. I'm sure. Right to another, umptious, a column in a Haroldus morning gun. I love that word. He's umptious, the column, the Haroldus umptious. And in the middle of all this, Drek. Well, first of all, let's go to the later part. Under tidbits. Bits of crap that various pulled out of his uh... Bretto or somewhere along with those seeds. WQAM says it's decided against re-hiring Warrens' full Marty for its Marlon Colen pre-game show. Don Brennan, Donny B will be the show's primary host, which we say, ALRIGHT! Half-hour show. There is nobody listening to it. Okay, 6 to 6 dirty before the Marlon pre-game show. And they actually, seriously, had, by the way, uh, Warrens from Marty's going to Wanny. Yeah. And Cory's pretty upset about it. He was telling me this morning. He was in here bonding with me. And he said, the Warrens from Marty got the, he was looking for that guy. Now, would you want to hire like a smart kid like, well, Cory Sabin and put him on there? Who actually looks good enough to be on the ear on camera? Or you want to hire some, uh, you know, F. J. What'd you think I was going to say? Warrens' full Marty. Some show name Marty. By the way, anybody know a show name Marty? I never met one. So, Donny B is going to be doing it here because number one, he was cheap. Number two, he's at least our ticket. They can speak the language. He may not have the best voice in the world to say the very least, but, you know, he's a good guy. He never stole a free train. He needs, you know, we need to work our own people in there. And instead, we're going to all these dumb silly ex-joxin here. That they were going to pay 80 grand a year to do a 30 minute show before the pre-game. That nobody listens to. So, thank God, there's some good news for a change. Just said, no, to Warrens' full. Here's some bizarre. I mean, this is just, you know, a good friend Dave Halberstein, that Michael Meill still hasn't apologized. I do that Michael Meill. That Dave Halberstein. Hardaway last one. That one. That one. He hit it. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. He hit it. He's in. I don't mean that with the three. I mean that was from the moon from the moon from his restaurant. About three blocks from here. So, Barry Jackass writes this morning, X-heat announcer Dave Halberstein makes references to Marlon's announcer Jo Angel and Panthers Radio Voice, Chris Moron in his book, Sports on New York Radio, a play by play history. You better be sitting down, folks. This will make you cry. I love Dave Halberstein. He's a good guy. But, and of course, it's all taken out of context. Because he very Jackass, he'll kiss anybody's ass. We'll even speak to him. He will. He calls, he calls Greg Reid at home. In fact, Barry Jackass is the only person in this market who gets return phone calls from Greg Reid when he leaves the message. And that's, and no, you're laughing. That's the truth. He's the only person that Greg Reid will return to phone call is Barry Jackass. Because they have a lot of them common. They both know nothing. Anyway, Halberstein notes the Jo Angel style clashed terribly with John Sterling. And by the way, John Sterling is an abysion. John Sterling is a civil den. In fact, John Sterling, I think really qualifies the legitimately for a rubber room. He is pathetic. But at any rate, clashed terribly with John Sterling's daughter in the year 18 together in Yankee broadcast in 1991. The two hardly spoke. And when Angel left New York, he would mimic Sterling on flattering me. Nice calling, Joe. Halberstein praised an angel's quick wit storytelling and understated play by play. Now, wait until you get to this. He doesn't mention, of course, that the Jo Rips off John Miller wants to be John Miller Jr. and Jo could be a whole lot better if he'd stop doing that crap with the stage, dexaminate. But, you know, we like Jo. Who's no, they will Brian by the way. Which there's a story about him above. But we'll get to that. Now, wait till you hear this. Halberstein gives Moron credit. This is Christina Moron for breaking in a woman analyst, Sherry Ross, during his four years on the New Jersey Devils broadcast, which very, I'm, it fails to mention the fact he got canned before he came here from those New Jersey Devils, et cetera. While Moron was criticized for a non-radio, non-descriptive style, he knew hockey and would make bold comments that other play by play people be afraid to make halberstein rights. Bold comments, like, t-s, yeah. Yeah, like that, like, t-s-y. Yeah. But when it came to the game, describing it, Moron would not tell anything. His non-radio, non-descriptive style. Sound familiar to all of us? Uh-huh. Yeah. Like, what's the score? Where's the puck? Who's the smuck with the puck? What's the score going on out there? Instead of all this crap that you're, yeah, like, doing idiot. You Moron, more incidentally, is still weighing an offer to do talk and play by play for ESPN radio. To not make it a decision, however, the return of the Panthers to left of the regular season, and it's very, very soon. What a Moron, God. So they've helped us, Sam. You know, Dave's just a nice guy. Guess he wanted to be flattering to everybody. But talk a book called Sports on New York Radio, will play by play history. That it would even include Christina Moron. That's kind of sad. So no wonder why I'm like Michael and they won't apologize. Maybe no something we don't. And remember when Dave sent us over those, a little make the lead, go to your home and touch it? So we'd like you, Dave, you're a great guy, but you got some more to do. WDQA, I'm running, I'm reading, how we can go first. What is it? What was that? Maddie Kondler, Maddie Kondler, Maddie Kondler, WDQA, and hello. WDQA, I'm speaking. Yeah. Like, how can you? Speaking. Neil, hey, I remember running, right? Yeah. God, they think, like, he finally got one. They stink like poison. How did they ever talk about it? It's not like, like, uh, Josh Friedman? Yeah, exactly. Oh, actually, I like it. All they ever talk about is drugs and smoking and... Yeah. To stop all the stuff, boring stuff. Yeah. And then, uh, they're cranky voice. I don't know what, I don't know which one it is. One of them has this whiny voice. Yeah, that's one, uh, let's run D. This is one of the, uh, how the shorter one or something. What's the other one's name? Bending to- Oh, I see, I forgot. Run bad. Oh, God, they stink. All right, just call the tell you that I know him and, uh, I'm dreading the day they start back on. It's a run run, radio network. That's the Mickey Pup, isn't it? Oh, it is. Oh, okay. All right, the call from the mind of douchebag. Yes, sir. Wimbly, Wimbly's a douchebag. Okay. Bye. Wimbly. Is that like kind of kingly? Or maybe two, uh, Moisha. So I'm an Emily, the run and run thing ain't going over to Big So far. Who else can we put on there in the morning? You said that. That's our poll question. I mean, Phil Henry and come back. Are you sure positive? So who can we put on there in the morning to boost those numbers that are killing us and crossing the most of us? A lot of bonus money. Bob and Tom. Now we're talking. Leave it to George. Come up with an answer. I mean, West Palm is not the same market. You can't even hear that station in Dave. Bob and Tom. Love Bob and Tom. They talk sports. Not that he was. They take Howard's ass sideways and upside down. They do more funny stuff in five minutes. And he doesn't five years without all a hype in the bull crap in the long here. Love Bob and Tom. Now we're talking heavy duty man. WQAM. Yeah, Neil. Bring back the wooden Indian. The wooden among us to guide the wooden Indian and the atotem pool. Run the ass. Who says that he never met a soft man in his life. That's been before even squeezed it. WQAM. How you doing Neil? Great. I was wrong about your auger yesterday. He didn't have a crown injury. No. We got two radiotic calls here yesterday saying he was out for the season. And then we got the facts from the Pittsburgh Penguins website. Said he was not playing last night's game. Was he did not and more or they put that away. I mean, I'm explaining it to you. Yes. I got up from good sources. But him and Constene are in a big, big, big, big right now. I know. I sure if he would let me finish. I could have told you that. But anyway. Go ahead. Go ahead. Okay. Anyway. Two things. What's with all the spots this hour? That's the first thing. What's with what? All the spots. We don't have any more spots on me in it. Usually we have a lot of spots. It's all spots radio. Okay. Listen to that. Don't be knocking the spots as long as you're a lot of spots. I mean, my tip might be good this time. Go ahead. Neil. Second off. I think you're both shutting us on this Ron Ron. Of course I am. I make up stuff all the time on that. It's just that we're trying to find somebody that we can put in it. Where our Georgia said a good idea. What about Bob and Tom? Tom. Where's Bob? Not sure if you're going to Bob and Tom, you don't know them, huh? Do them. Yeah. What's Tom? All right. I'm going to what's probably not. Oh, they're not. Well, they're green. I think I'm closing. Well, what about Bob and Tom, you like him? That tremendous. See, there you go. There's time to leave him on the Neil. Yeah. He'll listen to me. In fact, you know what we could do. We could just put the radio over. Get a good radio in here. I'm listening. Okay. Listen. Not being playing. Don't drop nerds. Don't forget. You're the one that was sitting at an empty race track last night. Have a good day. Okay. Thank you. What does that mean? So I'm a nerd for go to the track because I didn't know. See, unless unless somebody tells you what the schedule is and you've been going every Thursday for months and months, you really have no way of knowing. So I admit, I'm a schmuck for not finding out because I made the same mistake last year when he last year was on a Monday and I walked in there and their whole place was dark. See, this is a guy who wants to defend. He must be an NFL's rafnic. He's obsessed with it. If you're obsessed with the NFL's rafnic, what it says to me is that one of two things either you're looking for another excuse to get drunk. What kind of fourth did you like? What do another draft party, which is fine. And we call it draft you can. Or you're just so obsessed with the silly stuff. What he's guys running around on the tight pants. I mean, what difference does it make who the San Diego charges? Are going to draft on Saturday the 17th? Does anybody care in this part of the course? No. Not if they got a brain. Who cares? Who cares who the, you know, Baltimore ravens are going to be a course not. You got to be raven lunatic to care about that. Even in Baltimore, they don't care. They're waiting for Castro to come up there. They like him, boy. They love him. Don't they kind of like fit together by the way, like a glove on your thing? Castro and Baltimore. It's a good match. Kind of smart me. Why do you ask me? Why, okay. The millennium book is approaching faster, ever faster. And until now there was nothing you could do about it. That's right. I said until now. They call it now. There's the all do. Why, too? Hey, Mark. Green up on Kyle's pie. That's right. Why, too, Kmart. It's where you can shop like there's no tomorrow. Because they're probably what they do. Security, guns, and ammo. You see, at why, too, Kmart. We're there to help you get ready for all the unpleasantness you're going to face. When civilization collapses on New Year's Day. Cool, fine. All by can goods you need to survive months without automatic positive and ATMs. You'll find an entire department full of crappy video dates. No one in their right mind would watch until they don't have a toy. Can't get why it came out. Stoppers. The flag is the light. The government is a police car. And to protect you, your family and your stash. Take advantage of a Y2 Kmart block flow off. Best of all, you get all the usual amenities of Kmart. Like check out lines. So long, you'll think you're in Russia. And star employees. So help, you'll start looking for the warning. Y2 K is coming. Y2 Kmart is already here. Exactly. It's 11.01 at 5.60. WKOM. WKOM. So our poll question is who's the most pathetic? People are watching auto racing. Sorry, Joe, don't forget Joe Costello. And I'm big auto racing. Show them our morning six o'clock here on QAM. People watch auto racing. People watch golf on TV or people who are obsessed with the NFL draft. You have to be deaf to be obsessed with a draft. You have to be sick, have no life, and be a real low grade, low run. And we'll have hours and hours and days and weeks. I mean, the closer we get to the 17th week from tomorrow, you can almost smell it. You can feel it. You feel like you're suffocating in it. Oh, it's the draft. Yeah. And one. And a bunch of you literate dumb jokes that are going to be drafted by, you know, and paid millions and millions of dollars to run fast and jump high. And do whatever else they're doing in between jail sentences. Is that what it's all about? Not even to mention Tony Martin, by the way. He's still got his day in court. And then we'll see. Readers cup that drive and starts local Y2K baby race picking of Y2K. W-what? Okay. Huh? That's right. Of course, this is a four by the way. All over the country, various radio stations. And that's what one likes a four here in town. Are doing a breer's cup as in your cup run-off over. Score score competition at the Swap Shop Drive and Clean Market on sunrise Boulevard. Like they really need more publicity, right? That's right. The couple who's maybe arrived at the closest after midnight December 31. Well, when $5,000 cash rate four year scholarship at a state college offered by a Swap Shop owner, Preston Hen was probably got like a little hidden cameras, picking in all those cars and vans that are rocking around over there, rocking around the clock. Careful all you say that at the Swap Shop Drive and. This is just a astonishing. Like they have a contest. They're screwing their brains out. I mean, they're doing it rapidly over and over again. Just a non-stop. Praying to be the first ones to procreate. Which of course is just what we need. Because what kind of people basically nowadays, I mean, in the old days, they're be able to go and drive and movie theaters, but what kind of people go now? And especially what kind of people go to the Swap Shop? I don't want to say trailer trash. I don't want to say that. Remember those are most we used to do there? Hmm. So I'll say trailer trash. Just what we need is something to encourage trailer trash to be reproducing like rabbit. So that's your springer and all are shows can stay on for a long time. Isn't that lovely, huh? And they're given them promotional banners and stuff to put on the outside of their vehicles. So people can't see what's going on in the inside, you know? Who's hanging 10? Here's the best way that I, by the way, before we get back to our assault on the NFL Draftnix. Take it over language dismissed by Judge Yonkir's New York. This is in a local story, although it very well could be. Yonkir's New York. How's bullet Bob Meyer by doing by the way? Anybody know who that is? No, no. You know who that is? No. The voice of Yonkir's raceway for the last hundred years bullet Bob Meyer. Airby Racie's ever called son. He's okay. He's accurate, but airby racie's ever called sounds exactly the same. Exactly the same. He's like a human automaton, like a machine, like a computerized voice. Although at least he's not an asshole like Ross Morton, but anyway, a Cuban-born trucker who was issued a traffic ticket for being unable to speak English has one is quite to have a dismiss. Huh? Rohello Compos. 62, I guess you call him Raj, for sure. Was driving a dump truck filled with broken cement when he was stopped July 16th and said if he's not just playing the company name on his truck, but not producing a car from improving that he was fit to drive the vehicle and being unable to speak in English. This is in Yonkir's New York and he was Cuban. Cuban. Calm down, Amy. Amy, shape is all. It was a Cuban. Yonkir city court judge Richard Lebowitz, that's the, don't sound too Cuban to me. Oh, I did. You're true. Rule this week that because Campos was not engaged in interstate commerce, the federal requirement for commercial haulers did not apply, the other two citations are still pending. Who was that? I don't know. Does it wrong, Dora? We got more people. I mean, we have an unmarked door out there. More people like picking their head in there. Maybe they think it's the bathroom. Maybe they can smell it. Well, that's because Joshua's in here the other day. Federal law requires that drivers be able to converse with the public understanding with traffic signs, respond to official questions and fill out reports and records. The judge did not address Campos claim that the law discriminated against those who did not speak English. The trucker took his driving test in. Espanol. Oh, how do you like that, huh? He took his drivers test in Espanol. He was near the scatter. Exactly. They're ought to be a law. There ought to be a goddamn law. It's a locking government at a one. Yeah, that's the problem, man. It's a great ending, but we still have to get rid of that wording in the statute. He said, US representative Jose Serrano, a Bronx Democrat who supported Campos, sounds probably like Puerto Rican no doubt in the Bronx. That's where they got them all jammed in. They got all those Puerto Rican jammed in there in the Bronx. They got the Sparks as jammed in the Harlem. They got the Puerto Rican as jammed in the Bronx. They'd used jammed in the Brooklyn, including those casitos that are throwing bricks through their neighbors. They're knocking their neighbors and businesses out the door frame with bricks. Your friends, the house, you know. It's always a matter of fact, by the way, it's Friday. So before Sunday, I'll be sure and tear up your toilet paper. Now today, now that Yiske is over, maybe we'll actually have one or two Orthodox Jews calling the Verify again, although we did. We had verification yesterday. You didn't want to believe me. That's a true story. That because that's considered work, tearing up the toilet paper, the ultra-orthodox Jews, they tear up the paper into like sections before sundown. I'll be Friday and hopefully have enough for the way up because they're so full of it. We can tear up a lot for the entire weekend. I'm at least for the entire to sundown tomorrow. Can you bathe and use a towel? Do you ever see a house eating you that ever bathe? No. So what kind of a question is that? In fact, that's our full question. Who's bathe most recently? Josh Friedman or George's accountant David. Can't you see them bathe together? Well, I never smelt them. Okay. Or do I want to see? I don't want to smel. He's just Orthodox. He doesn't wear the... He is ultra-orthodox. He doesn't wear the Israelite. He's afraid you're then out of bed. He's loony, too, maybe. He's squeezing her right now and is to fill in, too. He's wrapping it. He does really great work. He's a Jewish rapper as what he is. I don't care what great work he does. Okay. He is certifiable. He needs to be put away somewhere before it's too late before he does damage to himself. Jack Kervorky, who's helping people die that are like suffering and invisible, they want to stick his ass in jail. But you're accountant. They're letting him run around on the loose. Rappin' the cutting off people circulation. They should only do that to the Harold. Mums are anti-Semite so we're at the Harold. Yeah, if you want to cut off somebody circulation, go down to the Harold. Okay. And put the poxking around with those stupid straps with that SNM exercise that even Algo Steein's embarrassed by. Now I'm going to say after we'll see the Jews invented everything. Those little beanies that you guys stole invented SNM. I'll tell you where the index and M top of the park. That's right. I went up there by a night and it was mostly on the inside. An exercise in massacism because there was nothing going on. Well, there was simultaneous. You're going to be going on and about now and a half. But I knew that nobody was going to show up for that. I got in my car. Go home. But here's the schedule since I turned out to the program that I had to pay the $2 for my self-lash. Since it was a disaster. This portion of our show was brought to you by BooBloob. A little video on each city and we're talking of 40 WDs. And they all knew Paul Ball. Because love and loneliness go hand in hand. Remember Paul Ball. Now back to our show. This was loaded to scale with downhill. I've been down here with Jackson. And today we're going to sell the world. I've been with me now. I E Y E A. Now let's you get in a thin. I've so glad I've seen God's me a job. This is the moment to stay with downhill. Yes. And I've been down here with Jackson. Paul Ball. It's 114. It's time to get the program at the basketball workshop. In studio in the list of the six today. We got talking baseball with Donny B. And not Warren's from Marty six or clock. Six thirty to Marlon pregame. Seven o'clock. We got the Marlins and the Phillies. And he interested in that at all. And then that doesn't turn young. We got on Waxy seven ninety. The Panthers and the Sabers in Buffalo. Any interest in that? No. No. WQAN. Yes sir. I was up a day down at Beach back from February. And there's giant billboards with two babies and diapers. And it's called. It says Ron and says. Born again. They're on a classic rock station up in Daytona Beach. They do a morning show. Ron and says now which Ron is that? Oh, Benington. The one that was left over. Benington. Yeah. The squeaky voice. Oh my God. Yeah. And that of course that says creature. Uh-huh. But um. Does that gal that did the National Anthem the other night at the Bruins? Was she the one to call you? No. Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that. I wanted to give her a tip of the old hat. She is great. Beth Cohen you're the best sweetheart. Oh, yes sir. Leave it to those Jewish or singers man. She is the best. Yes sir. I put in my vote right now. Beth Cohen for the National Anthem every day. I say she's far away the best. Include it. Great. Yes. That was the best thing the panters put on the ice. That's for damn sure. Okay. Thank you sir. She's got a nose for hockey. But she is great. Beth Cohen. Nice going sweetheart. I apologize to that other young lady to call you over there. I'm sure you'll never be singing it again. Not there. She's going. She is dynamite. Goodbyer and Brugale. Goodbyer and Brugale. I can hear that song going right now. Huh? Get your book a brand to a goodbyer and Brugale. Because you're okay, her and but boy. She's great. Beth Cohen. She belted that thing out. She didn't waste any time with it. But she had like a little style, a little possessed. Give it a little personalized. You know. It was great. Nice going there. Beth. We're doing screen list today. By the way, we're going too fast for you. You think we have any people here at South Florida or driving around town who can't speak English? Yeah. Ah, of course. See down here. They didn't take their drivers test in some foreign language. They just didn't take one. So that, you know, we don't have to worry about that complication. They just didn't take no drivers test. Because why should you want to complicate things? Then you have to worry about getting the license. Then you've got to get insurance. Then you've got to register your car. You know, we can't be bothered with those things here. Can we? No. Of course not. That's not the South Florida. And then a boat. Get a beat up old brown toilet. A corolla and go out there and kick ass. Or a better yet. Get a job, grab one of those mini buses and they'd count it. Ah! There you go. And drive up on the road. Or maybe you like your 100 years old. And you can't see over the steering wheel. And you're creating drive-throughs all over town. It places that never had a drive-through before. You're having drives through. Rest around. Didn't have no drive-through. Drive through. Thanks. Never had no drive-through. Drive through Long Rees. Drive through pet shops. Oh! Yeah. only place in the world where every day people are driving through buildings wow I didn't see it I didn't see the building there I can't give a like like that bitch in the that fight in that holy field fight you know she had a little problem scoring a fight because she couldn't see too well well you know that's a good point WKOM hello good morning yes sir I hear the grease man is looking for his spot yeah this is a big replace for come on in DM okay put him on EDR yeah we're searching for a morning show here for a this station I mean there are certain people out of our metham names they came to me this morning before the show and they said put some dealers out there see who your audience likes because we look at these numbers here in the morning on this show I mean they're good guys you know but boy oh boy even default is reading books in the middle that show now it's getting so born here that little dog was getting pissed off this morning default is reading books in the middle that show that's how terminal it's getting now it's either to the show or maybe those cars are putting him to sleep with that NFL draft garbage how about you QAN yes hey did anybody mention to you that's Fabian sense but why yeah that's old nose you mean with the abducted you know it's kind of old yeah he got ghost at the amusement park hey so it's the old Ron and Ron the original to got it left to go bodybuilder Ron D.A.s and Ron Bennington you know they're gonna be there on the morning no I just made that oh you did hey who do you who'd you like here in the morning oh this station I'd rather hear them than the worst came unless when it's false and when it's football season you'd rather hear Ron and Ron yeah okay definitely hey can I get a request sure either Star Wars can Tina or the Barry Manalo his name's Barry things like a Barry okay all right buddy have a great week you it bye I had to go get the disc oh this was right here it's easy it's all required to be over the hill is off I'm not a little something like that the name was Leon she was a princess with the Danish honey here and I think he's drawing here so I do these things something can know being over you have to put the dead dog land into the rebellion hands so you can only be one had to get to all the Ron so they stopped into more tightly to have a drink with hot at the Star Wars Don't work and Tina so we're the creatures you've ever seen on he has the Star Wars Don't work and Tina are music and monsters and oh yeah I'm not to that the Star Wars we're happy to have for a new name with someone I'm so he was a pilot with the Factor at his time in a smart well-bossed act while there with you thought that he was a wolf they never was looking over you I'm about to millennium fucking docking bay nine before don't troopers that star with the blast of Ben's life Taylor's life as this art on the floor oh dollar can't be enough so with creatures you've ever seen a fish and a star or a star or a star don't work and Tina music and monsters and I'm asking that the Star Wars Ron, I should say or never find tomorrow reaches high from the end of the event because his name was Yoda he was a muffin who? Darth Vader was so bad by the way he's looked that look his distance his hand got torn in that juicy puffer way, look his hat allows the day for the bed was so mean jobber had bad hygiene but his nails are relaxed back on time to win at the Star Wars or what can Tina the way the creatures you've ever seen the Star Wars don't work and Tina music and monsters and all Jedi not to let the Star Wars or what do you think? or what? or what? or what? or what? or what? or what? or what? or what? Arr even two. bro what? You did really bad? aren't you crazy? are toys who want to get brought these children from the Star Wars in prison or we don't get scared if you think different things we could possibly knew this video Now, it's interesting because at the end, when Dan Rather was doing that thing, kind of like Bill Curtis does on A&E and kind of pontificating their, giving us a little lecture, you know, and about the tabloids and how to scrape, and there, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, they doing any different? There we do on the same thing. They were exploiting somebody else's misery, which is what television does best. And rehashing the same old crap. And like he pointed out, there's thousands of little kids get murdered in this country every year. Nobody ever hears a damn thing about them. But John Vanne, who are obsessed with that. So in case you haven't heard all this stuff before, which we know you have, here's another hour of it. And then we'll tell you how terrible it is that everybody's talking about it. WQA, I'm hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Got, I already. Okay. Yeah, a question about that thing in Swash, I've yesterday. Uh, one of the people think they're going to do with them babies. If they don't win the contest. Truman and dumpster. Little shaken baby syndrome. Solution down the toilet. I'm believable. Get an anion for the weekend. Yeah, the picture in the, in the sunset, no pretty much summed it up. Did you see that in the front of a local section? Yeah, I got it. Couple of light trash there, drinking some beer and just get in the light. Yeah. Three. There it is. And I like that big gigantic exercise that you're a Vaseline, too. That was impressive to me. Unbelievable. In fact, when you drive into the Swash shop, now when you're this coming weekend, since there's only two to more of the tent, when you drive in, they got like, they're handing out vans of Vaseline. What, what won't somebody in this community do for something free? Yeah, there you go. From the, from the sugar, the restaurant and the silverware and the. Well, you know, they can sell. Listen, they go back to your original question, though. Since I mean, they can probably get more than five grand for the baby if they don't win the contest. Hey, there you go. A lot of baby knows they can probably get 758,000. Maybe they can auction the baby off. My marker had it right, man. Baby, no. Okay. It's right. Spay and noody or neighbors before it's too late. That's what Bob Barker always says. Let the animals reproduce, but spay and noody or God, then neighbors, especially for living a trailer park. We ever get any calls not too many from people in trailer parks. Because, you know, they have to go borrow somebody's phone. Huh? Well, they have phones in trailer parks. I didn't know that in mobile homes. Wow. Well, they have to climb that pole. Yeah, that's right. After hop up on it and the pole too. What if we're let them come from trailer trash? How much of there's some fine upstanding people living in trailer parks in America? Yeah, there's gotta be one or two that aren't just busy a screw in their brains out and getting drunk and walking around smelling real bad all day. Huh? I mean, you know, of course, take on a shower. I did live in a trailer once when I worked in Albion, Michigan. Very briefly, by the way. Wasn't even a double wide. Yeah, I lived in a trailer with Dick Green. I never talked about him. Did I? Dick. Green. Dick was his first name. Not a second name. I'll talk about him in a little while. I think. He sure looked good. I'll tell you that. When he was working in the morning, he said, W.A.L.L.L.L.L.D. and Michigan. I was about to start a working with the second. Guess what? Did you hear that? You missed that. You will never see. I made up my mind. You will never, ever meet the light of day again on this radio show. Your voice will never puncture the ear drums of the people in this audience again. Ever, ever, never. In addition to which, let me make it very clear to you right now. You are uninvited to ever call this radio show. And if you ever do call again, we will trace the number. We will make sure that we report you to the bell south and that you'll be right in there lumped in with those people who are in the way in her eyes and always wind up getting their phone yanked out or having the crops come to the door knocking on the door. Our good friend in Hollywood will never, ever, ever be on the ear again. On this show. Because you really do seriously need help. Very, very serious help. So, doubling yourself accordingly. You and your boyfriend up there in Marbury, is... ...Ship bush! Wait! Come on! Oh! I don't want to know. Sorry, Andrew, fui to yours, who was not coming. Adam Maisley wins! Xer Ly hurdles. Many ians, swings on down possibile, near warrior Parkood School. Does notsolemanylock the war of the town. Or the rain goes on. We can get in that car. Why did that come? This red cheetah gave her the air. Then, all of the tinnows. We'll wait five now. You may stick to the trickle. First, where? I can race to wait. I can't afford you. Yay! Oh, he's so hard and sick. I can't even eat food. I can't even eat food. Go on, I can't even get in. Well, yeah. Even though the rain's fresh, let's get them to the other side. Because they just stand close. And he's stuck just like a hoover. It's been a couple of years. I've been in many life stuff. It's great to be out there. All this bad news. There's a good happy winter and a good home. Friends, it won't be difficult. When we find out he's making it crystal. One day we'll wait. I'm down the floor. Yay! We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. I'm going to be a five-way. Yeah, the wife. It's 1133 at 560 WQM. By the way, we're going to be sending the nephew out today. Yeah, we've got three passes for the cock fights in Westland. We're going to be giving out noon tomorrow. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, is not where they hold them. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80, and 80 wireless line. We're looking for people who live in trailers today. Let's hear from some trailer park people who are resent that whole stereotype. But ugly but very accurate stereotype of trailer trash. Do you think we're going to hear from anybody in trailer park? No. I don't even know if we have any. WQM. WQM. Okay. WQM. Hello. How you doing? Okay, sir. I got a question for you. Yes. Do you live in a trailer park? No, sir, I tell. Do you know what the largest sporting event, as far as people going to that event... Autorating. Yes, you're auto racing. Okay. You know what? The most popular flavor of ice cream is? Ban and Jerry? No, not brand flavor. No, I don't even need ice cream. But I'm telling you, vanilla. That's... I don't even know that. Yeah. Of course I sure, because something is tremendously popular doesn't make it... It doesn't validate it, you know. Okay. I mean, yeah, I understand what you're saying in the course I did have the correct answer that. You did, you did. I did more of that, see, I'm not going to let people jump on the bad way. just because a lot of people go to watch hoping for an accident for a crash. There's a lot of rubber knickers on the highway too. Most of the vehicles out there are rubber knickers. There are another question. Yes sir. If they built a 500,000 seat arena. Right. We're hockey. Yeah. How many times do you think they'd spill it up? Why would they, how would you see anything? Well, I would say that. That's a good point. How many of us are commonly used up are there? How many people see anything at the, like, indie for example? How many people have you seen? Well, I've been to Indy and I'll never go back. Oh, okay. For that. We did let me ask you this. When people go to the Kentucky Derby, okay? And they go to Louisville, Kentucky. They sit there in the infield. They're in the blankets and they make a day out of it. Right. And they're in the, how much do they really see of the race itself? Well, but you mean by the time race time comes? Yeah. How much do they see? How many of them? Because they're, they're forgetting about all the way here. They are, but I'm just saying how much could they really see from where they are? Not much. That's actually on the infield. Right. Okay. That's my point. What is the point? The point being that none of them, not football, not baseball, not basketball, not hockey. Not even in their final game or final, you know, the super bowl, the Stanley Cup Final. Right. Couldn't feel an arena like that. Right. Thank God. So you're making, who is, who, no, I'm making excuses. Why in the world would you want to be a place with a half a million of their lunatics? Why? Well, what is the point? Let me say it again because most people like vanilla ice cream, that's by far in the way the biggest seller, does that make it good? It must be the easiest to make or something. No. It's the most popular. No. So no, it's not. It's just the most popular flavor. Do you know the Nile? Oh, no, no. I don't deny that. That's it. It's the most popular flavor. I, I, I believe you're on that. Now, even though you're not a nice green eater, wouldn't you think that if you were going to have a delicious, big bowl of ice cream, you have something a little more tasteful and vanilla ice cream? I would. Yeah. I mean, when I go to the ice cream store, something like that with my daughter, she doesn't order it, but now. What does she get? It's the one with nuts and marshmallows and all that. Rocky Rose. Yeah. All right. At least your daughter's got good taste. Thank you. Sure. God bless you. Yeah. Somebody in his family's got good taste. Oh, daughter. That's way it always is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5. No, sir. I mean, auto racing. I know it's actually Joe Costello just admitted to me. And of course he's got that auto racing show tomorrow and every Saturday morning, 6 to 7 a.m. Here on QAM. I mean, he did good guy, but he's got bad taste in some cases. But at any rate, no, seriously, he just got crappy taste when it comes to auto racing, but he's not a watcher, but he admitted, no, he's a participant. See, that's different. He races. But he admitted to me that when they went out a couple days ago in the QAM van and we're giving away freebies. They gave away some heat tickets. No problem. They took them. They gave away pantered tickets. Marlin tickets. No problem. They had takers. They had 90. What do you say? 94 pair of tickets for that auto race this weekend. Down at home, stead. They came back with 88. 88 tickets. Or whatever one. They gave away six, six pair. I wonder if they would have had tubs and tubs of an L. ice cream to give away. And if they would have had tubs of fish food or heavenly hash or a rocky road, why do I do like rocky road? Well, I wish I could eat ice cream again, you know, which I can't do no more, not for years. I can think about it. Something to look forward to. Especially if my doctor ever gets me on another blood pressure medication off at HCT, which I will demand when I go there on Monday. I should have been off of that for days now. You know what I'm saying? They're me. He didn't come on and tell us there are so many other drugs that I could be taken for blood. They're a million of them. Which don't have those to do with don't do all of these things. Like even the stomach cramps and the all those problems and making impossible those weight like diuretics do. But I can wait till Monday. I'll continue being sick over the weekend, even up there in the, oh, I almost said, maple leaf gardens at the air can of the center at the hanger. Watching Leafs better. They hell out of a patchwork panther team that with everybody is injured on. Everybody's injured. But it must be getting the best medical carry on. Oh, why are you asking? Clean up clean up the brown thing and you're under way. Clean up clean up good all of the. How the air clean up clean up the come same side here on your seat. Clean up clean up whenever you need to meet. Clean up clean up try some doos should work the back. Clean up clean up when over you. And 16 till noon at five, 60 WCM the hangover show it to a clock. We got Marlins baseball and I don't need to be talking baseball. 6 to 6 30 Marlins in the early. So I said seven o'clock any interest. And on FN on PM on the WACC, we got the panthers at Buffalo to lose the flavors tonight. A battered, bruised, barely recognizable panther squad with virtually nobody on it. The color nine right now in the QM contest line 1 800 2 2 7 0 5 60 and you can register when a trip to South Florida night on the late Joe would David Letterman. Travel in New York City with the QM CBS 4 winners, install expenses paid spelled EXPEN CES. All expenses paid. The first dream at 13 draws the winners Monday morning. You got that. So call a QM contest line. Don't call us call a QM contest line. Sam was answering the phone and asking why he such a you know whatever. 1 800 2 2 7 0 5 60 and you might want to trip to New York to be on Letterman on South Florida night. Okay. There you go. To care that. Now I was thinking during whatever has been going on here during that break. I always say that the wrong people have money which is true. You know what else? The wrong people are skinny. In other words, the wrong people don't have diabetes, don't have a weight problem, don't have metabolism problem because the people who don't ever get any weight, they have crappy taste anyway. Most of them. They're the ones eating of an ice cream. Those of us who have magnificent taste who will love rocky road and fish food and are really good delicious stuff. We're fat. And you know something if we never that's an interesting point. If we never would have tried the good stuff, if we were only eating vanilla ice cream, maybe we wouldn't have gotten fat in the first place. That's an interesting point. I mean if we would have only been eating cubes steak all our lives. You know? You know people eat like cubes steak. I'm not talking to a tube steak. I don't know some of those. I'm talking to a cube with a sea cubes steak. Do you know how like an steward? Just no people you don't never had a cube steak? Yeah. It's real stringy. I'd never have a liver that's real stringy. You know? Who they need? V. Avani. Oscar Vani. He drives it pop in a park. Not very well. Once in a while. Seriously. I mean people actually eat that crap. It's like people that go to those member Duff's mortgage board. Huh? Not bluff, not bluff, not the pussy galore. Duff's. No. It used to be right in a corner of pines and palm, right where the old the QA used to be. In that little strip shopping center in a corner, there was a Duff's. I can really ripen out because they're long since out of business. I'm sure everything in their taste of the same. Yeah. I'm sure it's more for people with no teeth because it's in Hollywood. So the pasta would taste the same and the cubes steak would be the same and the corn would taste the same. Everything on there would like mush. It tasted the same. You could gum it. And then all the clients all died. Maybe from eating too much of that food and that was the end of that. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. I want to ask me all who eats two steaks. We get about a cube steak. You're eating what? You're eating two steaks? WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing sir? All right. I hope you don't get upset with me. But you know what I'm saying already. What? I'm not going to get upset with what I get upset about. You know, sometimes you know, the cars can get you in such a... It's a radio show. Sir, I'm not the least upset. I'm always in a great mood if I have to win a manager comes in. Okay. Well, I know the mark of a true free banker is one who goes against the grain of what everybody else thinks. No, I don't do that. I deal with each individual of things as you know with all of these things. I'm just not trying to be, you know, Mr. Outaline all the time, Mr. I didn't mean it that way. I meant that when you went to when the when the mass is there. The mass is there. And you're thinking, you know, you have the right and you're going to think of always question what everybody else is already believing. And then that's, you know, that's great. That's the way he's meaning what you've taught about auto racing now. Oh, thank God. Well, I don't think that people who like or into auto racing have bad taste. You always say they have bad taste. Well, you're they do. You're the day you say we're talking about it. I said, people are in the video. Let's, let's forget about that. Let's deal with the vanilla ice cream. Okay. I don't like I would rather I'm boring. I like just plain chocolate or strawberry. Sorry. All right. But when you get neopolden, okay, that's got chocolate strawberry and vanilla. Right. What do you mean? The chocolate and the strawberry. Right. And then sometimes there's a lot of money to vanilla. Right. But why? Why is that? Why? Why? Because there's no flavor. Because the right, like my old friend Bill Carter used to say delicious but no taste. That's vanilla ice cream. It has no taste. It's like eating cardboard. It's like eating mozzarella. It has no taste. If you put butter and salt on it, it's like vanilla ice cream. Like I've said before, vanilla is in a company that kind of ice cream. Exactly. I'm not sure what people are sharing with it. Right. Right. It's like taking a very bad like a cube steak. You could take what that Peter Lugher steak sauce and put it on a cube steak. You could put it on your thumb and just look it off and it's delicious. Peter Lugher steak sauce. Do you ever have that? Peter Lugher no. Oh, the best. I've got to try it. Oh, man. You could put that on a piece of hollow vibe. It would taste fantastic. But vanilla ice cream has no taste. All right. But you know, the kind of thing, you know, the analogy I'm looking at is like for what I'm a big wine trick. Right. I like Cabernet Salmon. Yeah. That's not everybody's taste. They like white Fifndel. I don't I don't say they have that taste because they like a fruity, you know, like tasting wine. I don't know like you're wine. Yeah. I don't like it. Foody myself. I know you do. But then you don't like not fruity. You know, you like a little butcher than that. I know that. I know at least one to one at a ground. Definitely. I know that. Right. Well, you know, I'm just saying that you know taste or taste different strokes. But wait a minute, wait. Now, see, you can you can argue among different flavors that are good. Like somebody could say, I like heavenly hash or I like Rocky Road or I think fish who does that. That's fine. I mean, that is a different taste. But when you're talking about something that admittedly has no taste, and you like it like vanilla ice cream. So that's my favorite. Then you have bad taste. Yeah. All right. Right. It's bland. Yeah. Good. Right. Exactly. Okay. It's like Rosio Donald. It's delicious. So to die from. All right. Now, the wait a minute. The other day, you said the surprise was the city's Google. I said it that way. No, you did. You did almost said it. You didn't quite come out. I didn't know. We did a Brian Moriana. No, I didn't. I haven't watched it. I didn't say that at all. I said I watched a couple of minutes. And I wasn't just in the right mood to watch it at the time or whatever. I haven't seen it yet. All right. Everybody tells me it's great. I think it's an incredible show. I'll watch it. All right. Thanks. Thank you. See you. No more vanilla ice cream. God damn it. Oh, but that vanilla bean. Yeah. I got some beans for you over here. Okay. I mean, even Ben and Jerry is makes vanilla bean ice cream because they know there's a lot of people out there who have our very boring people. They don't they don't have good enough taste to eat all those other great flavors they make. Oh, seriously. If you walk into a public and you look in the cooler and they've got the full compliment of all the flavors. Like I'm using Ben and Jerry's in an example because I love it. And they got all the different flavors. Like England, like Heathbar, crunch, and English, coffee, crunch, and heavenly hash, and fish food, and all of these things. You know what I'm saying? All of these things. I don't like talking about it. But if they had all of those and then they had vanilla bean and you walked in there and picked out a pint of vanilla bean out of the middle of all of that, I'd say, what a pot? What a pot? There's no question that everything is subjective. But for example, if somebody looks at, but like people are obsessed with a nanny that thinks that she's a hot looking babe, and please don't tell me from the neck down. The head is attached. Just like, yeah, right. There would be no anti-cemitism left in the world if we could just get that you off the ear of the nanny. I'm telling you that right now. And also we move sunrise from the map. But that's an other story. Seriously, there are guys who think that she's a hot number, nanny. If I were a straight as an arrow, I wouldn't touch her with your hand with your, uh, any body part. She's, uh, to die from not to die for to die from. So you can argue among, you know, a whole bunch of really beautiful looking people, but to include somebody who just based on, like, like, Rosie O'Dowell, that, uh, which piece of whatever she is this week. Do you know, anybody that would like Roseanne? In fact, I thought it was great when Richard Simmons is, as anxious as I personally find him and as obnoxious as he is and he really is, uh, that when he, stuck his tongue out or throw to whatever he did when they were like having a food eating thing on her show and she really got grossed out in psychotic and the very upset about it. Because if ever, there were two obnoxious people who deserve each other, it was Richard Simmons and Roseanne. Two of disgusting pigs. But she's big. There are people out there who want to watch the, disgusting, oh, not only net, she's big, like fat boy, not that big. So next me, why? WDQAM. Hey, trailer trash on a mobile. All right. All right. Are you going to keep you on? What is it? You're going to keep me hanging along hanging along. What are you on right now? Oh, okay. Is this new? Yes it is. Hey, what up? Sup. Two trailer trash in. All right. I don't know where, where's your trailer park? Where are your parking? There's a trailer park in plantation. Oh, come on. Absolutely. Where? Right across the season blockbusters. Blockbusters. Where? I'm 36 out. There's a trailer park out there? It's hidden in all the woods. Oh, oh. It's like a giant campsite. There goes the neighborhood. Hey, guys, the neighborhood. Yeah. Are you serious? I've got serious. I live right during Commodore. All right. I'm going to have to come and check it out. All right. Okay. I'll be seeing you. Yeah. Okay. Put the pig on the aspec fine. I'll be right over. I mean, one, put the pork on the, uh, seriously trailer parks. What is that? What's it all about? I guess now what are you like a bigger red neck if you live in a double wide? Is that what that's all about? Uh-huh. They're classy or red neck. Hmm. Or maybe just a wealthier red neck. I don't see what's wrong with living in a trailer. It's always nice feeling the wind whipping up against the uh, aluminum on the outside of your double wide. The wind and the rain spattering and huh? Haven't the house tip as too many people are on one side of it. Yeah, having the couch tip contest outside. Because that's a leaner you tired of your hand or your sheep's always staying in a date. You're getting a lens. You're cleaning your eyes. Your poor little bill higher if the chick could be bought. Would you definitely buy it? Well, now you can. It does these low red or house. If you ever wanted to chip with your weight you ugly, you even tried to buy them. But you're way too poor. Now is your turn. My mommy gave me five dollars for groceries. But instead, I got to be some satay machine. That does need the golden ho-ho. So losers of America. United and killer. And just be silly. Let me ask you one thing. Paper or plastic. 12-0 at 560 WQAM. Still sure what. 560 560 560 560 on our mobile online and Google brochure account. But two, we got some spawning events on the stations. That also over there on 790 waxy is the rate of money. But it interests the need the one. No, but we got them coming up for you. If you want them or not. WQAM trailer crash central. Hello. One email. Yes, sir. Peter Lovers takes off amazing. It is. You got a door smart. You could put that on a piece of cardboard nor a big good. Absolutely. Question about the big dish. These seem to be absolutely big. Yes, sir. You've had it for a while. I've had the small dishes around September. But the big dish didn't it? Was it a situation where you used to be able to just tune into any damn game or out the country football or baseball without you? You used to be before they started with the scrambling stuff and before they started with the fiber optic stuff and scrambling. Yeah. So we're talking like five or six years ago. No more than that. Really? I got my big dish in 87, the first one, 12 years ago. And for the first few years boy, you could get all the back calls and the clear, you know, like the live feeds from the stadiums that wasn't really on the year, whether we're setting up for broadcast. And you can get every football game and baseball everything was all there. And now that is not the case at all. Not at all. You can't really move. Not at all. Better off with the small dish to the big dishes up the door. It's becoming very obsolete, very rapidly. Now, question regarding the, I don't know if you familiar with the way your small dish was hooked up to your TV. Do you know if they connected with what they use an S cable for your video on your small dish? What they use is for? Well, I agree. I agree. I get I got this. I mean, if you have a TV that's got an S cable connection, right? It's supposed to be like a super better picture. It is. Right. When I was. And I didn't my old TV didn't have that S connection. And I got a new TV and even with my old TV, I didn't think I was getting my sound in stereo. Right. And because I'd noticed I got to have a football game on channel 7 or something on that work TV. And I flipped over to the addition. The sound was so much better on 7. It was right. And it's stereo. When I questioned and I had no idea. And then I got the new TV and I tell you what I got the S cable. And it is, I mean. So when you get a VCR since most of us want to be on our dish to the VCR and the TV, you want to make sure it's got an S connector on. Absolutely. Right. And up for those V-Rimey. I found out it took me about six months to really realize it before. What the difference it makes. You've read. Don't you problem is, you only need about a foot and half a cable. And the shortest length I was able to find was six feet. And it's not cheap. It was about an $18 cable. Yeah. But I tell you what it's, it makes all the, especially in the sound quality. Well, if you had the S connector, I was an A-Rimey. I got it on a short black file. You'll have a little too. Yeah. You're fortunate. I just tried radio shots. I didn't have to like three or four radio shots in the shortest cable they had with like six feet. And I'd like to find like a two-foot cable. Well, just put your VCR far away from the setting. You feel better. There you go. Okay, pal. Thank you. Yeah. Anybody without a small dish out there, you're like here living years so far behind at times when bears for you. Even people live in trailer parks have a dish. No, seriously. But to that's easy. Huh? See, that's one good thing about living in trailer unless you live in a trailer park with a whole bunch of condo commandos that might, you know, well, I guess you do get that. In fact, maybe you get more of that because trailer parks all have like, you know, their own rules inside and you can't do this, you can't do that. And you can't put the big jar of Vaseline outside on the, uh, thing on your thing. WDQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, this is Dave. There is no way that I could let that last asshole on a mobile represent all of us in a trailer park. Okay. About two years ago, me and my roommate were out looking for an apartment in the fine of two bedroom apartment, it was $700. Right. To for him to buy a mobile home and put $3,000 down, it cost us $400 a month and rent. So in the course of a year, he saved $3600 so, and we had a yard and everything else. Right. Now, if you want me to go up down the crack, there's the other trailer park, crap. You know, we still be living there. I mean, like, my girlfriend lives in a trailer park. Not quite as one of the, I, boy, decides to do one that I used to live in, but she drove, she lived in a trailer that was given to her. So she got about 5,000 into it. She drives a brand new BMW that's worth 10 times with the damn trailers for a ride. But I'll tell you what, there's a lot of redneck people in there, but there are good people in there trying to save money up. Hi, Ann, when I think I think you came up with a good idea, I said, that should be one of the things that we strive for in this coming a millennium is to drive the trailer trash out of trailer parks and to put real upstanding people like yourself and your girlfriend in the trailer parks. I tell you, there's, do you or right, there are a lot of, for all trailer trash redneck, round us, there's drug dealers, I mean, everything else, you know, I'm not happy with my situation, but we're trying to save enough money to buy a nice house, someplace instead of just settling on someplace else. So until then, I'm stuck in my, in my position. Right. But as far as the transition, that's something like that. Now, as far as the panthers go, you know, I think they should just take the rest of the season off, save the teeth a lot of money and traveling, save the panthers with the panther fans. Now, I don't want to do that. I got to go up and see that game to bar 9 Toronto. I want to see the new air Canada center. Well, you enjoy yourself. A bunch of little flappers down here who, uh, who can't quite make it up there will not be on TV. I left, they're in the middle of the second period. Once, once bought them for their third goal, I said, I had enough. Right. I grabbed my son and I left one home, turned it on to TV. They scored goal number four. And that's why I left goal number four way in. We flew out of there. Like a jet propulsion. If I live in a trail park right down the road, almost with that guy on the cell phone call from, you know, you mean you're, you're also in plantation. Actually, it's, it's, it's, Sam, I think it's West, Davey. Oh, yeah. It's on the corner right there. Uh, I think there's a lot of trailer parks in Davey. Well, right out there, there's about three nice ones and then there's a couple that, you know, you drive through there. You think you drive through downtown Crackfield and Fort Lauderdale. Right. So it's, it's some of the places you know, you pay a little bit more of a view. You got a nice plate. But like I said, not, not everybody in the trailer park is crap. You know, there are a lot of entry looking people around there. You know, and I get a little scared every now and then walking around, but you know, I could not let that one guy be the representative brock, all of us trailer. Right. Okay, pal. All right. Thanks, James. All right. Next Wednesdays, next game, I'll be attending here at the macaroni. And last game of the season for me. Uh, you mean you're not going to that Tampa game, last game of the year? Have I got? No. We've been Saturday. Oh, God. The lightning and the panthers and the finale at the Macarena we've been Saturday. Are you going to that nail? No. No. Anybody with a brain going to be there? No. No. I mean, we've only got like 700 injuries on the team. Now, Lindsey's out. Loss is not all the other guys who already were out there out. Just one of those things must be just coincidental. Everybody on the team gets hurt and they stay hurt. And they just, I don't know what that's all about. What if Joe Rose has any ideas on that? W to Q a and hello. Yeah, slow, uh, Holy for Neil. Speaking. Speaking. Oh, the radio. Yes, I'm already. Uh, I'm sorry. I, I'm sorry. I, you know, I mean, whoever's in the back there didn't turn a radio off. Tell me. Get with it. No, no, that was you. Listen, I just wanted to mention about blood pressure medication. If it's a taking it for a couple years and I'm really kind of happy with it. I don't think there's been many problems with the stuff I'm taking is called Norvask. I don't know if you've heard anything about it. No. It's pretty good. And it's not in generic because it's only been out in brand for year or two. And I think it's made by Pfizer labs. And it's the ACE inhibitor, which means it's like a calcium channel blocker. Right. And uh, worked really well. I've got to say I haven't had any problem with it. There's no side effects. And uh, I'll tell you one thing out of it. Everybody reacts different as you know to different drugs. But boy, this hydrochlorothideside. Anybody who's taking this stuff and have all kinds of problems like I am get find something else. Go to a doctor's and we'll give you something else. Yeah, I would say check it out. I think it's one of the least invasive ones that there are in terms of the side effects that are documented with it. Yeah. I think it might be something you want to look into. I'm very happy with it. I think I'm not keen about taking any drug. But uh, if you had to take something, I think this is pretty much uh, you know, not much downsize with it. Okay. I'll ask the doctor. Yeah. Norvask. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks. Bye bye. Norvask. What he said, I'll ask the doctor on Monday when I go there. Monday afternoon. Because I'm getting off at HCT. I'm telling you that right now. I'm going to TCP and get off the HTC and TCP because that stuff. Man, just uh, you know, you can feel it, you know it. And then you read about the fact that all these dire letters you can't lose anyway. If you did the Atkins, I mean, religiously for 100 straight days, it still be a fat slum. So what kind of a deal is that? What kind of a bargain is that? What all these people will keep eating and eating and eating and just can't lose, you know, eating the Atkins stuff? In fact, I made every eat again until I've to rate this food that's just coming into the door right now. I mean, I'm not going to pass up a great lunch from this is from Tony's by the way, and our good friend Brad. Thank you, Brad. Tell Brad he's the greatest. We love Brad. Okay. Brad is wonderful. What a breeze. Who's that punk? He sent it for the food. I'm just kidding. He's a good guy. Have a little bit of a zits. Probably is a good kid. He'll be all right. So we got a lunch here from our good friends over at Tony's. What did I get by the way? Oh, I got meatballs. That's right. What's he's in on you? I did my Atkins today. We're literally just like, you know, well, what could it do? Like I said, there's nothing more frustrating when you're really trying to do your damn Deluxe Boy Scouts. Do your best to do your duty and stuff like that. And you can't lose because some of Dr. And not Dr. Mark, but by the way, Dr. Mark Monday, you better give a see. It's one thing to say, there's all kinds of other stuff you can be taking, but I want to take it. Am I right? He said that right here. Dr. Sacky said, oh, that could be anything. You know, when he looked at my next at times several months ago when I first started eating sickle was at 10 years ago. And that could be anything. That big gigantic black tumor that's growing on you neck. That could be anything. Anyway, it's a nine past noon at five, 60 WCWM that took about my great adventure in top of the park last night. I won't burden you with telling you that again, because then I want to embarrass Carol or David Horishill, ready those other incompetent people over their top of the park. Who most have lots of naked pictures. In fact, I was discussing with a couple of people, they're in fact the only couple of people there last night before I left. And we all agree that they must have drawables of naked pictures just like a lot of people around here. I see so many similarities between WCWM and top of the park. No promotion, no publicity, nobody knows what's going on. But I do know this is actually seven days a week, final casting even on Sundays. In today's Explore America, our man on the street, Jimmy Cole tries to answer the question, why is it that that chicks wear tight clothes? I just said that that sign here, Chuck and I've already spotted a real moose of a woman. She's got to be about 350 pounds and wearing it off-lead tight mini dress. It's disgusting. Here she comes. Excuse me, Miss, can I ask you a couple of questions, Jimmy Cole here? Sure, Sugar, what's up? Well, America wants to know and we thought you might have some insight as to why fat chicks wear tight clothes. Oh my god, I can't believe it. I was just thinking the very same thing. You see that hefty mama over there in the skin type of ulty top? Now what is she thinking? What about your outfit? Oh, thank you for noticing. I just bought this at the boutique last night. Nice. Isn't it? Well, actually it's kind of... Well, it's been nice talking to you. I got a pie in the oven at home though. Gotta go. Bye. Bye. Well, I guess you would seem that the answer is they just don't know. Fat chicks wear tight clothes because they just don't know their fat. Back to you, Chuck. Thanks, Jimmy. Maybe we can use our government surplus to invest in some public mirrors. This has been Explore America. Prop 16 at 5.50 WQM, so we still haven't had anybody a call in today about the draft, the NFL draft. See, I don't want to burst your bubble because I know a lot of you pussy's out there sitting back. Wow, we're not going to justify it to him. What does that all of us, you know? You know, you don't have to justify it, but I hate to break this news to you. But all of these sports people have work on this station each and every single one of them. Every one of them. See, they got to do it because it's their livelihood. But behind the scenes, every single one of the people in this place believes that you sports nerds who are all wrapped up at NFL draft and get all obsessed with it and spend the whole day with it that day, the whole weekend with it when they get to the 85th round on Sunday the 18th that you're sick. That's your pathetic. They laugh at you. They cry for you. Not so treatment. I said the sports people I didn't say I was talking about just fat. He's not a sports guy. He's just a fat guy. No, he admitted last night right on here. Even broke Shami who, you know, doesn't have to. I mean, he could suck up to the sports nerds out there. He said, ah, you know, sitting there watching that all day, that's not really for me. That's not my cup of tea. When I could be out eaten four or five good meals, you know. But Josh Friedman, he's like, like that Shami, Barry Jackass, he's discovered, you know, he can be a couch potato. You don't have to go out for 20 or 30 good meals per dinner. You could just sit around all day on your big fat ass shoveling food done with a goddamn crane, like a Josh Friedman does. And it's not perfect. Two by the way, isn't he just exactly the kind of guy you'd expect to be sitting on his big fat smelly ass all day on Saturday to 17th or any other Saturday or any other day Monday through Sunday watching some stupid NFL draft crap. Oh, and the 84th round they drafted the Schloy Me of the tocus from West Texas state. Yeah. And now what? Morty. Yeah. More. Yeah, sure. I hope they give them a good break because if anybody needs it, he'll do it. That Chubby Chubby Chubby Chubby Smelly Josh Friedman. You were stuck it up to him. They're by the way, they're there. I couldn't believe that. Excuse you. You were stuck it up to him like crazy. I was ignoring him out there. You were schmoozing. W2AM. Hello. How about your Steve Stance and walked in there right now? It's a Steve. How you doing? Who? Yes sir. Hello. Speak to me sir. Deal? Yes, I am. I wanted to let you know that the NFL draft is only news after it's over. While it's actually occurring, nobody has any business sitting there watching it for listening to it. I don't know. So let me correct the same thing though as election results and trial like the OJF has come. Yeah. But the OJF in the moment. But you got to admit that the OJF the ASCO was entertaining though for a lot of people. It was a stuff that is out for a life. Yes. That's exactly it. I mean you can at least a moment. You can at least understand why the OJ trial was with entertainment. You can understand that because it was a two-life story. It was a soap opera. You can involve the very famous celebrity. But as far as the NFL draft is concerned, what's the attraction? What about election results? I mean it's the same thing. People sit there and ABC or NBC will put on an hour before they're ready to make any announcements. Yeah. You'll have all these people sitting there speculating it's a while, you know, if another 2% comes in from this district. Yeah. It's not news yet. But that's the same reason we've got news magazines on every night of the week for an hour. There's oldest crap that's not news that news is height, news is supposed to make money for stations. And there you go. Yeah. So the NFL drafts did really be carried by CNN? Okay. What did he say? Anybody know? No. Do you know? What he said? Does anybody know? What he said? He said it's a bunch of crap is what he said. That's what he said. It's a pile of crap. Anybody that sits out there wasting their life away. April 17 or any other day need serious psychiatric ass systems. Okay. I mean, that's a free country to a point. If you want to waste your time doing that, then hold up a big sign. It says, I have no life. My life is a pile of crap because I'm sitting here watching some stupid draft including teams that I couldn't care less about, would players that nobody ever heard of before even their parents. To me, the obsession with the NFL draft is the epitome of sports nerdiness. Sports nerdiness. It's one thing to be a fan. It's another thing to be a compulsive gambler, which we have many attracted to this station and some working in it. That's another level of it. But at least there's some peripheral something that has to do with sports there. Even if it's only a tangible interest because of the cash. But there's nobody interested in it. I mean, how could anybody with a brain? Anybody who's using his or its existence in any kind of a even meaningful way, even in a selfish meaningful way, like getting laid or whatever it is, they might be doing something enjoyable. How could they possibly have room in their teeny tiny little brain to absorb all these illiterate goons from all 82 states from all 600 teams in the NFL, who gives a flying crap who the redskins draft in the third round. Who gives a screaming part? But again, it's all, oh yeah, we're having a big party. It's got to be. It's a big party doing what besides getting run. I mean, I don't think Roger that. But what, what, what, what, what reason is there to have a party on a day when they're when they're announcing the names of players rubbing selected to maybe some maybe signs by football teams? The NHL holds a draft every year. Do they have parties on NHL draft day? No. Majorly baseball. They have the amateur draft every year. They have parties on baseball draft day. No. What is it about this sickness? This obsession with the national f-ing football league? Like it's bigger than life. Like every time Paul Taken knew about anybody connected the NFL parts. It's like big news. Every time Troy Eggman kisses somebody on the cheek, even if it's his boyfriend, they have to make a major story about it. WQAN. Hi, this is Beth Cohen. It's a possible for me to speak to Nero. The great Beth Cohen, you're speaking to a Nero. What a sweetheart you are. You're the best, honey. You are so cool. I wanted to call and thank you for saying that. Believe me, I'm not one, you may know. I'm not just one of those people at runs around Kissnabby Buddy's hands. But last, what was it? Two nights ago when Boston game? Which part did I guess? I mean, I've seen you sing it before, but the job you did Wednesday night. Oh, was that I'm not exaggerating. That was the best. My friend John said, man, she's great. Everybody around was like really in thuse. Say goodbye to Eric. Yeah. Ha? That it's so free. I didn't even hear today because I'm in the studio and a friend page is me and he calls me. He says, you gotta turn on the radio. They're talking about you. I said, what do you mean? I'm not exaggerating something. If they bring anybody else beside you to do the National Anthem from now, I'm going to protest. I'm going to kick it outside you. I'm serious. You're the best. That would be so good. I'm so glad to be where you were sitting and over here in a way if you and you couldn't see your talking. I like the way you give a little extra, you know, your own little. I mean, you don't get carried away and you don't drag it out like for ten minutes. But it was the best rendition of the National Anthem, which isn't the greatest song. It's not easy to sing as you know. That was the best in the history of human race. I love you. That is so great. Are you going to be there next Wednesday when we have that awful Montreal game? Well, you know what? I'll be in the Budwez Terrors where I usually am. But I don't know if they're going to ask me to sing. Well, they better ask you to sing and I'm going to put it in my boat right now. We want Beth. We want but I'm serious. We want you next Wednesday, Beth. You know, you'll have to post some serious you're a big man like campus. Of course, when Wayne finds out your last name is calling, you're Jewish and might not be singing there again. But you know. Oh my goodness, no. It's only a good bit. Just Thomas spelled with a K, you know. Thomas Polish. Sure. Okay, Beth. You're a thank you so much. You're by great job. Okay, bye. Okay. Say, there you go. Does we have cloud on this? Sure. What? We got the cloud. You, I'm telling you. I'm not exaggerating. She was sensational. Anybody else was at that Bruins game near the night? No. I mean, I know wasn't our regular craft. You know, it's we at least we show up. I'll say it again. You cannot cocky all you wanted. This is not a hockey town. Just asked them at it or people. But we show up 18,000, 1897 tickets sold. I learned out here. There was about 17,000 in the asses in the seats that night. Even with a Marlins playing the heat plan. Some people off there in the trailer park playing with themselves at each other. We still had a hell of a crowd. I have no idea why, but we show up. And if there was anybody else out there that agree, if you disagree about Beth Cohen, then you probably need a lot of an alliance cream and living in a trailer park. She was great. And all these people are thinking, wow, I nearly sell credit all of these. No, I'm there. If something is good, if somebody does a good job, like my good friend, South balcony yesterday, from Soleil Water, which I almost forgot about. Not only is he send me all those cases of water from my home use, he delivers personally. And I've got to see a great guy from Soleil Water, which I love like crazy from Italy, no less, from Las Moltenias, from the Alps. WQAM. Yes, sir. Yeah, you're the judge. Yeah. Hey, George, if you want to talk about costume today. About what? Cost of Oak. Who? Cost of Oak. What's that? What do you want to say about them? I want to say how the American people in the actually Neil Tudorach sheep follow what the press says about this. Oh, he don't want to hear that. Not interested. You're not a banana boat and go back to wherever you came from. Okay, sweetheart. Get back on your little banana boat and do your yo. What? What do you give me a look like that? He was a banana boat guy. Yeah, I didn't understand where he was saying it. So what they're doing is me. You expect to understand what a banana boat guy is saying? He said, cost of all. He's got a confused. What was that beach boy song? Huh? That's what he thinks it is. Talk them up. That's what he thinks it is. I know what it is. Coke them all. Don't you understand? It's not a bunch of refugees from cost of all. They're from Coke them all. Just ask more. I might glove. He'll tell you. I might like to love doing it and we'll see him lately. No. Okay, so let's our poll question. The beach boys or Coke them all. But we're in the end of blow. So I just thought I would mention that. Oh, that's a really place six pass notice. It does. Indiana is a very bizarre fact. Indiana, even though it's like up north on the map, like in the Midwest, it's like a deep southern Indiana. Like Indianapolis. Going to a restaurant there, they talk with like a deep southern draw. Like, Hi, y'all, Dylan, you know, I'll come back. You know, I bet you there's a lot of trailer person Indiana manager. Do you ever been to a deeper many of store? All across the country. People are eating out of here. You know, someday I'll get to, you know, since they made me, they didn't make me, but they actually made me make these stupid sound effects in this spot. Now I'm like too much pressure. Especially in the middle of lunch. So hit away from the ball, mother. Fuck. He's a renowned classic surgeon and Beverly Hills who specializes in Bob Job. Before we go out, you need to meet my dad. Well, fun. I don't want to control your life. You can go out with her if you want. But her feet are fake. Going the wacky Anderson family on father knows breath. Father knows breath. When they night at eight. It's property to the 550 WQA. By the way, Santa came out for lotion man. Just walked in the door. The smile on his post pretending he likes me, but he doesn't. But anyway, he just walked in here and, you know, he did like me until I show him that picture of the dead picture of Andrew Kinenan. Twin brother. I'm telling you, have you ever seen the two of them together? No, same person. Kinenan is not dead. He's alive and well. I'm working here in the promotions at 2 a.m. He's a killer. So that's can't kill. Same. He's a killer. Almost kill. Almost put Hankin is great. I never forget that day as long as I live. I thought I thought the humper was going to bite the big one at that. Had to run the 10,000 yard dash just to get to the broadcast location because somebody forgot to get a parking pass. I don't want to mention no names. Andrew Kinenan and Junior. Be caller nine right now in a QM contest. Let's register somebody else out there and the register wouldn't trip to South Florida and on the late. Sure would David Letterman traveled in New York City with all the expenses QM CBS 4. What is expenses paid? First team draws the winners on Monday morning so you can register now if you're the ninth caller at 1-800-227-560 right now 1-800-227-0560. Sam will answer the phone by the way. Take the information and say hi. Is this Andrew Jr? Well, seriously, when you call the register, the name. Say, is this Andrew Kinen and Junior God? You look just like him on his deathbed, man. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Speaking, turn off that radio. Please, it's coming. No. That's real voice in the background. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's a really delicious time buddy. Yeah. You? They sent a light back that I sent him with the macarina with the letter at text as long as you want a light on there and you're going to have to throw it. Yeah, okay. Whatever you say, pal. Keep working on it. 560560, that was a trailer park I've ever heard when that guy. He isn't a trailer park even if he doesn't know yet. He'll wind up there. 560560, 560, animal mobile one line we're doing screen list today. 52 million open lines right now. This isn't exactly working out like yesterday. Yesterday was spectacular. But today it's like the navities weren't often like you know in one day. Now they want something new and different they're saying today. Screen list with one line marine for a wait till George comes on at one 30. WQAM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a question for you, sir. On May 3rd, what are the first team are going to be talking about? The Q and imagine a team is going to Q but the trial of 20 Martin. Yeah. Well, what do you think they ought to be talking about, sir? Because quite frankly nobody in America cares about the Cuban National Team or the Orials. What about 40 Martin's a trial? Well, we care about that. I mean, it's only drug-wanderer. You know, he's like somebody on this station said which I found very amusing. Well, you didn't kill anybody, right? You know, are accused of laundering drug money? I mean, what's the big deal with that? Just like Mark Duper, he never killed anybody. Never stole a free train. Yeah, serving spikes. He never killed anybody yet. No. Bobby Humphrey, he never killed anybody. No, Sammy Smith. I was saying I was killing us the way he was playing. Fumbling that ball. He was killing me. It's Neil. The other day, you were talking about players with big, big assets? Yes. How about physical field? Remember how anybody, we already mentioned him? Well, yeah, he's he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, they named it a department complex after his ad. That's your, that's a great day, amigo. Okay. I have to kill your mutists. Yeah, see there. We go with a, holy, I'll give you things that we care about. And I don't know if he cared about it. I hope he doesn't about that Cuban, nobody, nobody in America. We just took a survey this morning before the show. Nobody in America outside of date County cares about the Cuban National Baseball team about Padele Castro about Hav, about communist Germany. We don't care. When president Jew from China was here yesterday, Clinton asked him, he says, do you care about the Castro and and Jews said no. Do you hear it? Do you think he was right? That was a hysterical because of, because if you watched any of that joint press conference day yesterday, it was just like that Chinese restaurant thing we got. I don't know. It's okay. I mean, you know, and Clinton was standing and he always had that this shot eaten grin on his face, you know, when his cheeks start like blowing up, kind of like monocons were probably blowing up when she had his, uh, on her post. WQAM, hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir. First down, God. All right. Are you for a while? Great. I agree with you. You don't care about that NFL draft of the issue, sir. Thank God. I agree with you about the man, even. I don't find it to be better. She is disgusting. You wouldn't touch her with somebody else's weapon. How you wouldn't do it? You're right. Hey, my friend. When do you all rejoice, please, this thing about Guinness? Can you get that over? I'm all the way. I think about what? Guinness? Guinness? Yeah, they got called the door. Look at the Guinness. Oh, okay. We'll do it. Okay. Thank you. Okay. See you. Okay. Let's see. Let's see. Talk about the Guinney bit. You played all the time. Do you need that? I don't know if it's in there. So where did you get it? I don't know if it's wrong. I didn't play it. You played all the time. No, I know. I had never heard of it. How can I point it all at a time? See, here we go. This is gaslight part two. Yesterday was this Steve Stancele business. Now he started this one. The setup call. Who was that? You're good friend? You're dark and plugged in. Friend, you had calling? Okay. Now, which one is Charles Boyade and who's in good Bergman? Wasn't she in gaslight and in good Bergman? Yeah. Good movie, by the way. Anybody remember Charles Boyade? No. I do. Because I'm old. Let me tell you again, the great actors, the great actresses, they're not around today. The 30s, the 40s, the 50s, the 60s. Those were the great people on the silver screen, man. Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyade, Basil Rathbone, Van Heflon, Van Johnson, William Holden, what? It's in there. Goodies for sale. No, it's not. Yes, it is. No. Goodies, Stels. Good, not. Emma. Yeah, you got some guennies for sale. Yes, I do. I've been looking for a guinea. I've got a bunch. Can you tell me about them? I've got a bunch of babies that I want to sell. Most of them are purple or the off-buff. Yeah. They're about three months old. I'm one at least four piece for them. Curly, hair, dark skin. So this is this is bird. Love to watch the godfather. What do you feed them mostly? Just pasta, huh? No, these are bigger birds. These are sick and. Huh? Yeah. I'm one to get a guinea. You want a guinea pig, right? Yeah, I'm not a few guinea pigs. No, these aren't guinea pigs. These are guinea pigs. These are guinea pigs. Aren't you pasta, smoppers, sitting around watching godfather, stealing and leaving? No, these are a birds. I want to get me my own guinea. Yeah, I don't have those. Well, they look like dark skin, not a skin kind of curly black hair. Real bad dresser shirts are open. Lots of hair on the chess cold chains. That kind of thing? No. Well, that's the kind of guinea I'm looking for. Well, I ain't got those. Yeah, well, you may wake up with a horse. It's head in your bed tonight. Daddy, okay. He's got a fixed up with humans. I actually got a mixed up with Venezuela's over there that, uh, Sheraton Hotel and Coracus. Sure, is that walking to a hotel lobby in his 800 guys looking like Caesar were mirror standing around. What a joke. In fact, even Sam said the boy kick his ass out of Venezuela. He wouldn't dress right. But he'll be back when we were then we were connected. You know what I'm saying? He watches down there. If I was you, you guys. Fuck. You have no law of avoid. I'm a Catholic. No. You should have a nice piece of sausage to be at for. He said, what are you going to do with it? Oh, I'm going to make some make you a snail, like a like a like a pig. Is it going to hurt, uh, because I hate him. It could be my mistake at all. Oh, it's going to be good. Give it to me. Oh, give it to me. It's not. It's because they don't do. You should have a pretty mouthed up. Oh, but, uh, that's why they call me poor. Never miss all your rabbit holes. Oh, you're all. Oh, you're all. Oh, but it's not. You have to air. 24, 5, 60, WCM, Sam, the shame and do Kinen and Juniors just walked in with yet another bunch of crap. Oh, it just doesn't stop. Doesn't. I guess these guys are really working overtime to try to convince somebody that they're really doing something around here after that. Piu to add in the Marlon opening the program. The one that had Roger spelled with the Z in the Q and the next. The QA in Van will be in the Toyser rush parking lot at the 167th Avenue, the sixth Ablocation North Miami Beach, northeast 167th Avenue, the sixth Avenue in North Miami Beach, right across from the crispy queen donuts from one o'clock until whenever the stuff is gone. They got Florida Marlon's family Sunday ticket packs, which includes tickets to this Sunday's game against the Phillies, plus certificates for free beverages and entrays and QAM bumpers, stickers and keychains. How do you like that? Oh, all these things. They'll also have weekend passes to this weekend to American racing league auto races. At the Homestead Motorsports Complex, George Carcel will be the racing is BMW. And Joe Costello will be there to, I think, racing something that doesn't say that in here, because Sam and Joined that type. As he in the George. 56050505060 on the mobile one line. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. Hey, I'm going to request, man. Yeah. The Gordon song. I already played it, but have a nice day and just played it a little while ago. Yeah, I missed it. But have a great weekend, sir. We got 200 open lines and we're doing screenless. That's not a very good sign. Is it? We're trying to find trailer parks, use 11 trailer parks. We're trying to find the Jewish Chinese people, black Chinese. Anybody at Sturning, Japanese. 560505060, pound 560 on the mobile one line. WQA and. Yeah, that's what it's been doing. Speaking. Are you doing great? What I want to know is, what is it? What about fairs? Make you have so much animosity towards the NFL? I mean, just because everybody feels like the NFL is so much better than the NFL. And the NFL is so much better. Hold on. Okay, so that's all better. It sounds better. Now, what is it again? Have animosity? I feel like yeah, a lot of animosity. Oh, I do not. I just have, I just have, I feel sorry for people who have no lives. I mean, just because I'm a big hockey fan doesn't even have the NHL DRAP, which is on TV every summer. I don't sit and watch two minutes of that. Why would I watch that? Because you want to know how your team is. I can better. Sir, I can read that in the newspaper the next day. I can see in two minutes, who my team picked. I wouldn't waste the whole afternoon sitting around watching a bunch of stupid crap. It's not crap. Sir, let me say it again with a capital K. It is pure on the duller rated crap. It is. And you know that. I don't feel that way. Why, guy like you isn't going to sit around. I mean, you care with the San Diego Chargers draft? Yes, I do. They made you out to play in the Miami Dolphins. I want to draft. That changes the way the Dolphins draft need on in the draft. Yeah. And so in other words, you're one of the sacrifice. I'll hold on to your life to watch that garbage. It's one afternoon out of the year. And if I'm a big football fan, what's the problem you're watching the draft? Well, a big football fan. I think your priorities are all screwed up, man. I think you better, you know, get with it. I mean, I'm 23 years old. That's all. 23 years old. You ought to be out getting laid, man. You should be up. I do that. But hey, that's the one afternoon I need for my stuff. On a Saturday afternoon, you should be at the summer of the shining. It's Saturday the 70th April or be a beautiful day. You should be out there at the beach cruising. It's three hundred and sixty four other days to do that. But no, that's the thing. But I don't know something. If you just say now that you're young, you're 23, but when you get to be in old fart like me, you'll look back on these days. You'll say, God, I wish I were to use that one day in April. They grow a lot and get laid one more time. You mark my words, sir. All right, now. Okay. So he just can't get it up. He's like those NFL sports factory that can't get it up. We need, we need Paul Tagley to come out with with Viagra pills with the NFL logo on it. Oh, there you go. Shape like a little penis. Shape like Steve Young's penis. Like that. You know, I could play that. He has a wife, you know? But he doesn't. Well, it's only 37, you know. He just falls started. I mean, we don't know too many guys, like 37 or older than that, who aren't married, doing. George, do we know anybody like that? WQAM, hello. Okay, I was talking to you, too, sir. And back at you. WQAM. WQAM. Hello, do I play? WQAM. Yeah, all right, I've been Neil speaking. Neil. Yes. Yeah, I always just wanted to say that, um, I have a hard time getting into any other sport. These are my big hockey fan, like you are. I mean, you can't afford to go to every single game, you like the golf and the mountains and all that. But you know, basically, it's in hockey, the tough sport. You guys get, say, what a puck going on, 130 miles an hour. You get stitched, don't be going back out. And it bounced about goodness gracious. The guy had a little spring knee, a little poor muscle, and the guy can't play anymore. Yeah. So, thanks for football. I mean, for baseball, a big bunch of crybait. A bunch of pussy's, right? Right, I just don't understand. Last year, Brian Cox, he breaks his pinky. Why does he have to be off five games? I mean, that's ridiculous. And you know what? I find it offensive because they're getting so much more money than hockey players. And, um, I think it's a big shame. Thanks for talking here in the kneel. And thanks for hearing for a senior. Whatever you do. Thanks for making your call. Five six, I was looking for that mandist thing where he says, well, those are real men. Your hockey players are real men. They get a bunch of teeth knocked out blood is pouring out of their face. And they go in and gets stitched it up in the room that comes back. I'm sometimes in the same period. It's a few minutes later. And there's still plan. Like Bob Bond scores the winning goal at overtime, 1967, but the Toronto Maple Leafs with a broken ankle. He's out there playing with a broken guy then ankle. Like Eric Lindros is much as I despise him. He's got a collapsed lung and doesn't even know it. He's got a three-pice of bloody lock. He's out there playing the rest of that game fully and asked to look a couple weeks ago. And this guy, he's right football and baseball players. They get a hang nail. Oh, geez, I'm going to be out for the season. I'll never as long as I live forget that $10 million man that asshole jury chef field. This is about three years ago, routing second base. And he jams his thumb on the second base bag. And he's about four or five feet past the bag. And instead of going back and getting back to the bases of all the venturing from the outfield, he stands there with his thumb hanging down. It looked like a thumb. Yeah, yeah. And gets tagged out. Ten million here. They were paying this piece of crap. And you wonder why don't care about the NFL drafts. And he's stupid, stupid, super idiotic dumb jocks. That's 23 year old guy that called before. Like I said, you ought to be going out there doing something useful on that Saturday instead of sitting around. Wait, they hear a time here about these horse ballers. Since today, bangles at the AT's, round of the drafts. What is wrong with you, people? Are you crazy or what? Huh? Err, thank you. WQA, I'm hello. WQA, I'm. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got your hurl screw up as a day in the favor today. Yeah. You have the fourth section, buddy? Uh, fourth section, the hurl. Fourth section, the hurl. So, page 10D. I got it. Okay, uh, take a look at this Johnson's memorable day. What page, what page you be on? 10D. Oh, a 10D, well, I would never go into there. Oh. 10, a 10, here's the 14, here's eight. I got it all chopped up. Where the hell is it? I must have cut that page down. Uh, I did. Did you really? Yeah, I'm serious. What, what, what else is on that page? Must be, uh, it's got, it's both the Panther pages. It's got, well, I got a right here, okay, here's 10D. Okay, see where this Johnson's memorable day? Yes. Yeah, the second paragraph. Ryan Johnson scored his first NHL goal the other day. Right. Okay. He could practice thing with New Haven and Moine when he was told to pan this one. I'm the report to the media. He raised him to together some clothes. That's the hard for the airport kind of flight and got to my Mia Arena. Miami Arena at 6pm. No, I'm sure he showed up late for the game. They're playing at the Mac Arena. Nice going, sir. You were the only person in the history of the human race. Would catch that on another error by the hero. God bless you, sir. Thank you. Have a good one. Thank you. You know, if it's in the hairls beyond the shadow of it out. Ladies and gentlemen, it's a big steamy pile of that. Right. Very jackass. Oh, my god, Dave Halberstein wrote about Chris Moore. You know, you're such a little ass sucker. That's going to be our, our poll question on Monday. Who's the biggest ass sucker? Very jackass or guilty. And then that's that is a tough one. That's going to be nippin' suck right out of the wire. I'm telling you. No, it's to know, it's mouth to cheek. Correct them right out of the wire. But sucker. Oh, Christina Moore. He may not describe the game, and he may not take anything that's going on. But he's sure it's controversial. What, whatever the hell that means. And he also thought he believed Dave Halberstein wrote that. Maybe, you know, Dave's never been the same since Michael Mayo didn't apologize and try to get him fired. Eventually he did. Michael Mayo. I think Mike Mayo's realized name by the way, Smith. WQAM. Hello. Johnson, maybe. Yes, sir. This meal? Yes. Deal? Speaking. Uh, I hate to tell you this. Like go ahead anyway. I can tell. Because either way, I can tell it's going to be sure. I'll go ahead. Well, you can't eat meatballs on the air can start it. Why not? Because they're made with bread crumbs. No, these aren't. They're not? I don't think so. No, they're not. They're not. They've had their pure meat. Okay, my balls with no, but no crumbs in my meat. And my balls. Maybe they're, he's got a good point. I bet you these are loaded with bread. Why did you have to get meatballs? Well, I thought that's what you wanted. Not with bread crumbs, that guy was good even though he sounded like some kind of a fruit cake. They don't always have bread crumbs. They're different recipes. Yeah. Not everybody eats pills with them with crap. Just in case. Thank you, sir. I just threw it right down. I just threw the last quarter of ball out. Now he calls. W2AM, hello. What? QAM, hello. QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, so Brulet was stupid, I said it. Well, is it? Get back out of the animal, okay, pal? Get out of the boat with Chiquita. W2AM, hello. No. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Okay. I'm very healthy today. Yeah, I am. I'm, I was calling you. Because I heard you're talking about the flop shop and the people going over it. About what? About the flop shop. Yeah. You guys want to go over this crew on a little bit. Mm-hmm. Uh, cops going to be there. Really, like, debated the, uh, the fruit disc club. Yeah. I hope not. Okay, well, let us know. That's your guy's going to go around peeking in Windows. You can tell. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8. He's going to, yeah, he's going to be going to that Chinese joint. The peeking in. That's a line from what will be by the way. Corny line. What was the movie? That was a good movie. Oh, come on. About the coca addict. With Terry Gar. Firstborn. Very good. Yeah. She, I got to come up with all the stuff. Because YouTube is the second Steve's dance. Oh, that's cool. I don't even heard of Steve's dance. Okay, I just made up the story about him taking a leak. How much he never even took a leak in his life. And you give me a song, then. Oh, Steve, I never said I liked him. I never said I knew him. Who? 1256 at 5.50 to 50 QAM. It may be hard to believe. A small car that fits right on the palm of your little dainty hand can save you a lot of money on your next long distance call. That guy's right. I shouldn't have made need of those meatballs. Oh, you're right, sir. That was that just, uh, Oh, come on. You're right. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hour. And now, the League of Retarded Citizens will throw their edition of Greenery and dirt. Don't make fun. They were very hard for this. Oh, no. I think Mr. Martinez in this one too, 102 at 5.60 WQM. So Chris, then if he was there at the QAM van at the location we got a 220 this the matter of moment ago. Oh, yeah, I think my tongue's full of them. I'll ask me Paul. Thank you, sir, for calling me, game me off those balls. The QAM van is in the toys our us parking lot. Northeast 167th Avenue. See, that's not right. Northeast 167th Street and 6th Avenue. Nice going, Sam. You put. How can you have two avenues intersecting? You know what I'm saying? Los Avanitas. No, no chance. No way, Jose. Northeast 167th Street and 6th Avenue. No, I mean, we should write a cross from Chris B. Cleam Donuts. He's there from now till his stuff is gone. And I do love Chris B. Cleam Donuts. Too bad I can't have. Oh, I love him. Hmm. Don't you? Especially when the nice and like runny. Hmm, that's been there a million years too, by the way. Even as that neighborhood has changed. Oh, it's still there. And what's that other little place that egg? What is it the egg and the egg plate? Hand and egg. Is that it? No. Is that what it's called? Because there's a place on sunrise in Fort Laterdale called the egg and I, the egg and something like that. I hear like 37 years ago when I first came here. And there it is, still heard. Anyway, they got Marlons tickets to the Sunday ticket packs, including tickets to the Sunday's game. The Marlons and the Phillies certificates for free beverages, non-trays, and QM bumpers, stickers, and key chains. And also if there's anybody who wants these, no. We can't pass into this weekend's American Racing We Auto Pass to the Homestead Motorsports Complex. Anybody want them? No. Well, they got them. Give them away, make them feel good, okay? Say, oh yeah, we'll take those. First give us the good stuff and then we'll take some of those off your hand. And by the way, Andy and the hospital feel better. See, if Andy would have had a different name and I know it's not the same one. Although that other one, he needs mental health. Oh, what? Speaking of people in the hospital. Who else? Who are dead? Andy feel better. Yes? I just got a call. I was supposed to tell you during the break, but I forget. Not. No. Someone, no, not a clucking sound. Is that what you remember? No. Tom Shoevan. Is dead? He's dead. He took a fall apparently. And bumped his head. He died? He died. He humongous. Fat. Tom Shoevan is dead. But he didn't die of fat. Oh, there he go. Oh, the good news is he didn't die from his fat. The bad news is he took a bad fall like Jack Spratt. Tom Shoevan. Now who told you that book of mine? Yeah. Because you know what I thought you were going to say. You do know what I thought you were going to say. Because you seemed like, um, what? I thought maybe that was the one in the hospital. It's just, huh? When I see your laughing, that's that's bad. If the bird dies, you're going to laugh here on the end. Oh, that one. I thought you were talking about the guy that actually made that car. No. Oh, Brian Andrews. No, he's never going to die. He just keeps flying away from every accident he gets there. He just knows that would be a tragic end to a tragic life. What does that mean? How do you know he had a great life? Well, I don't know. I don't think his life is a tragic. I mean, he had that illness for a long, long time from many years. But does that mean he had a tragic life? Yeah. Compared to what? Compared to people who don't have that much. Compared to most of these people we talk? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, okay. WCWM, hello. Neil? Yes. What's going on? Not much. Okay, listen, forget this football stuff. Let's talk important thing. Yeah, let's forget about that stuff. That guy that called me for, he's, he's ruined my whole weekend. The thing that I know. I'm fine too. I've had it already. Please. Okay, I've two words for you. You better tell me what you think. Yeah. All right. Ricky Martin. So how about a one word answer? What? Why? La Copa de la Vita. Dad, I'm a little bit busy. He's, she's all right. They birthday, she had 10 of my things. She looks better than she used to. No kidding. Yeah, they've been about six makeovers. And of course, I lived deep from 100 years ago when he was in the new dodo, did you know that? Yeah, remember? Yeah. A little, and he was kind of cute when he was in the new. A little punky kid, and probably got molested a lot. But anyway. No, but those steroids have helped. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, she's got a toe on the ground. He's doing great, by the way, Ricky Martin. And it's interesting that the Grammy Awards, when he won that night, for La Copa de la Vita, did he feel perfect English? And he's promotional, he's promotional a spot he does for Puerto Rico, you know? All of a sudden he's speaking like, you know, it's a bit like a sad. You know what that heavy actor? He got out. Wow. Yeah, that kind of plan. Exactly. All right. Let's have a big weekend. And back to you. Thanks. I don't want to get no Luis Miguel. He couldn't look the reason. Reckton. Not that he cheered, give it a shot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60, on the AT&T Wallace line. I hear the two of them are pretty tight. Is whatever. No, seriously, they're good buddies. They're tight. And they're good buddies too. WQAM. I knew I was just kneeling George. Speaking. Oh, okay. Because I'm going to meet another radio. Adio, I'm calling this, I'm one of those football fans. You know how draft Nick the warrior? Well, I enjoy it. I really, I don't know what you're doing. No, no, you don't. No, you don't. No, you don't. Sir, stop. Stop. I'm going to push it. Stop your questions. No, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. Well, not so now. I'll give you plenty of time. Stop trying to kid yourself. Okay, and admit that you get sucked into what they're, how could you enjoy it? What's there to enjoy? What does figure out why I've explained to you? But I just get excited because you don't know what they're going to paint. It's an excitement. It's a drama. I don't even get drunk. Just do a little weed. If you went into the airport, you know, in the like one of the gates, the gate areas of the airport. You sat there and there were a bunch of people around with their finger up in the air and you're not knowing which nostril they were going to pick. I mean, is that exciting? Let me ask you a question. If these young men, what are the things young men have of our bunch of gangsters these young men? One of them to get these young men were going to be drafted, not on their tell us. But on their sizes of their penises, you'd then would like it. You know, I would not. I don't care. There are, I don't know. There aren't any of those young men are going to be drafted. Those penis I care about in the least, but just because you don't like it. And you don't have any interest. It's not people down that, that, that, that, that, that. So you know, Mr. Vatton, I don't know. I don't know. You're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're what I should say. And I'm telling you because you're rude and obnoxious. And it's obvious you're one of those drafts. You're an idiot. And you got to throw a little homophobic shot in there too. I don't care about the size of their penis. I'm not a size queen, okay? I don't care. Now, Tommy Brady from Michigan, if he was going to be sitting there naked, I might take a peek. Although quite frankly, a flashed penis doesn't get me the least bit around. Maybe you'll get excited about it. In fact, I can't think of any other reason than anybody would get excited about a bunch of dumb jokes. This guy probably wants to go back to school and try for the wrestling team. Oh! Faggot. Fuck it in and hold it. Correct him. Everyone, this quote of that gets lonely. He likes receiveers better-wise. What? Some people say that number ages gave years. They say, Troy loves the big bride. Aekman. You go down on his knees, Aekman. Oh, right. It's guys he likes to please Aekman. He loves the snap count boys on their behind. Right, right, right, right. Oh, he's got a spot to spare a petition. America's team is world-man now. But he's trod gained at words and people say, in the heart of he goes down, Aekman. You go down on his knees, Aekman. I can't see his knees, Aekman. I can't see his toes. He lives him, cause he likes it from the behind. Yeah, yeah. What 4D to 5.60 QAM? So the nephew's lonely out there at the Aekman fan. That's what it goes. Keep doing his day after day after day. Try to prove a point. Why you prove the point? Nobody wants that crap. A QAM fan is in the Toys Air Force parking lot. North East, 167, 3-at-6, Avenue and North Miami Beach. Right across from Crispy, Cream, Donuts, from now until the moon falls out of the sky. He's got Marlin's family, Sunday ticket packs, including tickets to the big game, the Marlin's and the fillies, the horrendous teams, which certificates for a fee. Barbara just had on-traced QAM, bumper stickers, key chains, and we can pass into this weekend's American Racing League. Got to race at the Homestead Motorsports Complex. Those are not a really moving net neighborhood. Yeah, right. Oh, yeah, they'd be racing at Baby. They'd be driving it right now as you speak. I mean, you know, just keep so anyway, this guy that called before, I hate to break the news to you. But Air Re-sports personally accepted in Josh Friedman. He's not a sports person. He's just a fan of the Millie Old Clown. Everybody around here agrees that you straffnicks are nerds. You're bunch of nerds. And the fact that this guy would think about, you know, sitting around watching a bunch of naked football players, who's got the biggest penis, you say, I hate to break the news to you, sir. But being the number one hockey fan in South Florida, every year they had the NHL draft, okay? And since they're like, for whatever reason, more clean cut and like tend to be a lot more white guys, there's a lot of really good looking young guys that get drafted in the NHL. It's on the CBC, the whole thing. They're just as obsessed with as you footballer. Do I watch it? No. Do I watch one minute of it? No. But you see, always have to turn it around. And the thing you don't understand, sir, is that the sports bags are the one. Watching the NFL draft. The real man, they got a life. They got something to do on that Saturday. They're not sitting around a further TV set, watching some dumb jok from East Aliquipahire, some goddamn place who just got drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals, or somebody, nobody cares. Nobody with a brain gives a crap. I mean, we're talking about the lifeless. I mean, absolutely positively lifeless. People that should have a brained on her forehead, everywhere they go, every time they get out of bed, every time they walk outside the house, you should be branded on their ass. I have no life. Right. Truth and packaging, whether you're NFL draft, you jackass. Oh, I really care of these young men. Yeah, right. I think you care a little bit too much about young men, sir. WQAM? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I have the solution to the hockey problems, the football problems all we need to do is bring in done poorly home. Uh-huh. Okay. WQAM, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Don't let the QAM van leave. I'm on my way over there. Okay. Listen to me. Now, what are you going to get? You're going to get those motor speed that car racing crap? Yeah, I think I will. Great. Excellent. Listen. They won't leave now. They'll stay there forever. They'll call them up. I'll be the first white guy to show up. Okay. Thank you, Neil. Okay. Stop a crispy cream too while you're at it. Yes, you didn't understand. That's a changing hood. We don't have no people over there listening. In that part of the town, they out of their minds, or what? Yes. Go with us some white folks. I mean, we got some brothers out there and some brothers and suppose, but in suppose, WQAM. Oh. Yes, sir. Thanks, please. Okay, you're hang on. You're going to be on a few minutes. WQAM? Yeah, like to speak to Neil. Speaking. Yeah, sir. Name the rest front. You're thinking of. Egg and Jew. Egg and Jew, right. That's where that Chinese guy was. Right. You're right. Right. That's what a four-later deal, right? Right. Right. Right. That's a crispy cream. Yeah. And I don't know. No, that's what a North Miami beat. No, egg and Jew, rest front. Is it across from? Crispy cream. The one thirty years ago you ate that. In North Miami Beach. No. There's a crispy cream in four-later, do you? Yeah, right there. Federal highway. Point, I never even noticed that. Well, I'll be out here. I'll be right over. I'm going to pray now. Can't eat that stuff. Damn it. Damn it. Oh, I love that. See, that duck and Dolores stuff is in a world. I'm not that doesn't tempt me in least then. Foring. It's like vanilla ice cream. Oh, now you're going to tell me you're in the Dunkin Donuts. Not the Donuts, but they're big old sandwiches that they've been bringing over. I don't like big ones. They're going to be headache. I can't eat anything with yeast because they're a bad, bad headache. And I know that. We need in bagels for them. That's what Timidine said. That's Jew food, mister. Yeah. What's you doing? WCOM. Going to have soup for shopper. See, oh, she abroad. WCOM. Oh, that's real. Me, tell me. WCOM. Hello, me. Yes. Yeah. I'm the pole you took earlier today or my vote goes for. Most boring has got to be watching the draft. You know, I would rather listen to spring training baseball or radio than watch the draft. And you'd rather die than listen to the exhibition baseball. Exactly. And the other thing is, I am on my way. I'm going to climb on 160 third and six. And I'm definitely going to stop buying take advantage of something. OK, they're going to wear. And one other thing. Yes, sir. Guys, it's living in the trailer park trying to save money driving the $50,000 BMW on a panter game. It would have hit at 100 bucks to pop. If you want to move into a house, tell the beam or go to more hunting games of $4 a shot and get to house. What a concept. OK, see you. Maybe he lives in his car. I don't know. It was good enough for Johnny Depp. What would have it in him? Johnny Depp. What a shame. How he forgot about us. Turned his backs on all his friends. Little punk from Helen Depp. Little scrawny punk. Remember he was in the first Friday to 13th movie? Johnny Depp. That's the first time I've ever saw him. And he was lying there and bed and just all of a sudden shot right through the ceiling. Squared, squirt. That was one of the ones. Huh, remember that? He's sported right through the ceiling. Squared, squirt. That's Johnny Depp. Wow. Man. Now I was impressed by that. I don't care about your goddamn football draft, but that scored scores. He did it for me. Then we had him there on Zeta that one morning. He had that motorcycle jacket on. I had my armor on and we took pictures. He had my armor on Johnny Depp. But one chance I had my life. Blue it. Not. WQAN. Deal? Yes, sir. Get rid of the Murray Brothers. Man. WQAN. Hi, Leo. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. A long time, a corner. And a recent. Ha ha ha. I said another corner. And a recent. Oh, sure. That was well. Thank you for bringing that corner smack. I can't split my mind. No, I'm on. Listen, tell you get a little buddy. A whole year over there. They're in those two bins in Western Carolina. There are no audio maps. Oh, yeah. Don't get lost. I wouldn't make you valley and I'll tell you what. There wasn't even a cap of a caffricuan letter available. They got two whole mountains bought up now. Well, let me just put it to you like this. No, don't put it to me at all. That's the way you got to do. Okay, hold on. Sir, hold on. You can argue with George. I'll be on a one-third. You'll be bailing out of here early because I'm getting out of this town. Although I got to like, uh, oh, geez. Why did I have that? See, this is not good. I'm in a hurry. I don't have time to be, uh, to again two days in a row. I'm taking a, uh, god. It's a waste of time. I'm going to important things to do. I heat hung up. I was going to put them on hold for you. I want to build up a bunch of call here. WQAN. Is Brad Creme at the elbow? Oh, is this death to guy went to school with Brad Creme or no, available for what for you? I don't think so. You're not his time. He might wip you into shape though. He's good with the whip. WQAN. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, that, uh, place it there right there. Toys left. That's a cross-treet from the Hammond Aegary. That's what the guy just said. Oh, did he? Now, this guy's trying to, oh, no, the egg in you is the 104-lot of hand in egg. Yeah, it's always what he's right about that. That's the one right next to a crispy cream. Yeah. That's not a process tree for him. And it's right next to it. It's on the same side. It's on the north side of the street. Right. The, uh, yeah, it puts the cream right next door. Yeah. Right. So they, yeah. It's a cross-treet where they're at. Right. I wish I could get down. I need to live there. They're right there. Over there by Toys B. Us. We'd be toys. Right. Toys B. Us. We'd be toys. Okay, buddy. Okay, good luck to you. Yeah, they're not doing too much of a landoff as business over there by we'd be toys because we'd be not listening to that station. Try to pick a place where there's some white people next time. Okay, or maybe even some Cubans. WQBA. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I say we bring back from the government being. Now, then, uh, there you go. April 26, Monday to 26, they're coming back. WQA, I'm hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Question. Yes. How come Hank, um, Goldberg doesn't have any children? Call him up and ask him. Okay, in fact, you might be surprised. He might be the vendor holey field of broad sports casting. He might have kids in every portfolio. We know. Call him up and ask him. Spindless coward. WQA, M. Let me get gold. And by the way, I don't take hookers make babies anyway. Do they? Huh? I'm sure Hank would be proud to tell us. See, he's not over. He's like most of us, dude. He was one of those you run around over a producer in the making too many babies. Okay? Especially, he used like me. I'm not making any babies. WQA, I'm going once. Going twice. The big chance it started. Stand major, Scott. Oh, by the way, what happened with your pre-re that we haven't heard from him? He's back in town. Have we heard from Captain Day? No. Good. Let's keep it that way, okay? Yeah. Hi. Hi, my lips. Had nine. You're listening to the most upright guy I know. George, God. Oh, he's a little guy. I kind of funny look at him. First, there was dangerously a sign. The movie about power, sex, and seduction. Dangerous, lesion. Say, is that a cold-sour? Dangerous, lesion. Butting the worry. Back in being close. 135, 60 WQA, I'm a Steve George telling another half hour wall Neil goes to the airport. Again, this is getting to be a regular thing on the Friday, which works out for you because you get to plug your show to an audience that won't be listening at 6 a.m. on Saturday morning, but nevertheless, whatever, you know, every little bit we can help Joe Castella. So I played the dangerous lesions. We'll, we'll, you know, talk to you about your show in a second here. Don't distract and see Joe's a part of this show here. You know, not like you guys on the Hank show. Just kidding. Josh is in there. Clarence. We'd like to involve our producers on this show. But we're only talking about how canter Reeves sucks, how batty sucks, and how he blows in a second. We want, I want two kinds of calls. I want somebody that will call and ruin matrix with the entire audience, which is something that we normally don't like to do on talk shows, is ruin movies for people, but in Kiana Reeves case, Kiana Reeves, David Spade and Robert Downey Jr. Any movies that those are, and I eagerly invite people to call up and ruin the ending of the movies so that no one will go and see those people. Here's some people that I want to see at gas stations pumping gas. So I have no business up on the screen. So we're going to talk about how Kiana Reeves blows, and, and what he's doing up there, ruining movies, perfectly good movies, perfectly good special effects, budgets like the Matrix, and I'll get into the story in a second. So I want people to ruin the Matrix, and also I want some people to call up and tell me what I can go see this weekend with some friends and the wife, because I haven't been looking at the paper. I mean, I guess I could go out and buy one, but I don't know what's good. And I hate going to the movie anymore to the movies, because it caused so much goddamn money, and everything sucks lately. When was the last time you went to a movie to theater, I mean, and really went to felt that you got your money's worth? I mean, the last time was return to the Jedi, the new return to the Jedi, and again, because it was the movie experience. Number one, it was a shoe, and it was the movie that I knew I was going to like, because I'd only seen it 20 times, and we had the theater all the way to ourselves, and it was nice in California club, T.H.X, very nice, but got a can't stop crossing. I can't remember the last time I actually spent some bucks, I just ate one. As a matter of fact, I really got to take some screen and crap after this, because that has sorbet talent. I'm clenching my butt cheeks, even as we speak. So canterry sucks, ruin the matrix, tell me what we can go see this weekend. The wife suggested maybe job-breaker. But big poster, that's in there. Have you, what you're growing, have you seen it? Have you heard anything about it? I heard it was stupid. You heard it was about it, I've heard that's more than I've heard about it. A lot of hot chicks, that's a name of that. This is Rebecca DeHart, get naked. Gorgeous. Okay, that's the question. You never had it, so she probably won't. So I want answers to that question. But first of all, some real old business for the cracker that called about there's no keybons in North Carolina. You're wrong and by the way, and even my relative, the first group of relatives of mine to come over here settled in Winston's Salem, North Carolina, by the way, have a very nice house there. If you want to know where you can go to get away from the Cuban sir, China, I suggest China, that's where you can go to get away from the Cuban, my redneck friend. There are no Catholicities. No, they're not up there. I do in business, they're up there retiring, and they have some of them, like I do. So if you don't want to believe it to God damn bad, but little by little, you know, the Cuban creep, the Cuban creeping in everywhere. So, you know, he might call back. But I hope not, because I want to talk about Kiano and how he sucks. There is proof, I guess I should set the story up first. My friend calls me last night. And with good news, he's actually met some young girl. This time he's not going out with some older married woman with 100 kids. For once in his freaking life, he's going out with someone who I think is relatively close to his age. And once, you know, once heard a meet us, his friends, hey, you want to go see a movie, blah, blah, blah sounds great. What do you want to go see? And he says that she suggested the matrix. And immediately all of my muscles tense and I got aching pains and all my joints because of the matrix. To talk about, again, a waste of a really good, special effects budget. The previews, that the trailer that we're all seeing, looks pretty snazzy. I've heard that it's a great movie. Well, all right, but see, I can't. The last time that I sat through and they fooled me with Johnny Mamanic. There again, love the genre like all the science fiction, I'll go see a science fiction movie. Just on the off-chance, it might be good. There might be some special effects there. And thank God, I didn't spend my money to go see that in the theater. I saw it for free on cable. But once again, you can't enjoy a movie. If Keanu was walking around and it's trying to act like Ted. That was the only thing that he was good at because he is Ted. He was Ted, right? Of Bill and Ted. That was him. That's how he got started. They wanted a couple of surfer dudes. One was an actor and the other one they obviously found on the street or an aga club or something like that. Or just, you know, two cheat to own a surfboard. So he's probably a surfer wannabe sitting around the beach and his computer shorts going to. That was the only thing that he could play accurately because that's him. And that's all he is in every movie that he's ever been in. Like, like, dangerous lesions, dangerous liaison. Do you never saw that? Because you don't see any movie. But that was the movie. They made two movies with practically the same script. It was the exact same story. Both period pieces. Both the identical script, different cast and different directors. One, a stinkin' turret, dangerous liaison with Glenn close. As the O'Rjana's provocatoris, weaver of romantic, web, woman, and John Malkovich. As the lady killing guy, John Malkovich, as a lady killer. Are you buying that? I mean, he's a great actor. But as a lady killer, some romantic lead. I don't think so. And Kianu, as the young innocent guy who's getting caught up in the web and Michelle Fai for a new methermer. Ume Thermal was supposed to be playing an innocent virginal type. Now Ume is cute. We all agree. But an innocent virgin type that was raised in a condiment. I don't think so there. And then we have Valmont, Valmont. Same movie, same script, practically. Totally different cast with an net betting as the Weaver of the romantic webs. That's believable. That the pulling all of the male strings. Colin Firth, who I've seen him in a couple of things. Not much better looking than John Malkovich, but a little bit better looking. Henry Thomas, the ET kid. Thank you, honey. Thank you, the wife knows everything. Henry Thomas, as the innocent little guy who's really good with a sword. And for Rusebalk, as the virgin who was raised in the condiment. This was before she got all tattooed and pierced and pumped out. So she was very believable. She was like right on the heels of the returned Oph thing that she did when she still looked really innocent. And everything like that. Valmont, great movie, dangerous liaison, a stink and turd. Different cast, different directors and Kianu. The stinkiness turd of the mall. So Rune made for Xformie. What can I go see this weekend? Because I have no idea. I haven't bought a paper and even then I don't know what's good. And if my friend's girlfriend is listening, I'm sorry. I told him, oh geez, now we're going to think. She's going to think that we're snobbed because we refuse. The wife outright refused. We refused. And I said, you know, I'll go. But this is you understand that you're caching in your once in a lifetime big, big favor. Like my other friend did by causing me to go into a Catholic church to be a part of his wedding. Like that's it. That's your big favor. The big, big favor of my life for you is I will actually walk into a Catholic church for you to be a part of your wedding. And even though his wife's are not to be a cheating whore. Anyway, 23 till 2, 560 WQAM. That's it, you have to stop. But what a fight. 18 till 2, 560 WQAM. Joe, what are you going to have on tomorrow? Tomorrow morning on Motorsport Saturday, we will have star of the Winston Cup series. Joe Neemachek, he drives the number 42 bell south Chevrolet. Uh-huh. We'll also have a guy on who does the NIREST series. It's an import-only drag racing series. They'll be having a race this weekend. And you know, it's for Japanese cars, Porsche. He's going to be talking about his series and how anyone out there with a... Oh, I hear you. Anyone out there with an import car can actually go race this weekend if they would like. First, I'm a big bucks and we're also working on having Richard Petty's grandson Adam Petty on the show. But that might happen next week. Okay, thank you very much. And thank you. Taking care of some business, knocking down some business here before we ruin Matrix for everyone. And I find out what I need to go see this weekend. And my friends, I mean, right out of the box, my friends, uh, new girlfriend is going to think that we suck because we're not going to go see the Matrix, which, uh, sorry, can't get past that key-and-using. But, um, just spoke to Eric yesterday. He's got some new do-dad that copies bits onto his computer, uh, really quickly. Because I sent him some mini-disc and it was going really slow getting the bits on the website because he had to do them like individually or something like that. But now he's got some sort of a mass production thing going on. I'm not going to be able to send you anything today, Eric. Got too much going on. Eric, good guy. But I can't spend as much time on the website as I can on the show, needless to say, not to mention my life. So the bits are going to be showing up more frequently. And also coming soon as soon as we can get, uh, penis-to-bring-to-digital camera in here, we're going to get pictures of Shannon on the, uh, intern Shannon on the website, modeling, uh, both in Neil Rodgers shirts, and also after, after much agonizing and, and racking my brain, we figured out what to do with a couple of needles, really nice embroidered, swayed yamacas. Shannon, uh, I've invented a new way to wear yamacas. And we're going to get those pictures on there too. Once again, uh, sometime next week, we'll have the photo session as soon as penis-to-bring-to-bring his camera doesn't matter if she doesn't bring the shirt. We get the yamacas are here. So this is, I'm just, I want to plug the website, Neil Rodgers.com because Eric has always been on a shape that the old man doesn't plug it enough because of course, out of sight, out of mind, and how often does he go to that thing, which, you know, not, not often. I can guarantee you. 16 till 2, 5, 60, WQAM. Hello. Hey. Hey. I'm talking to George. Yes. Hello. Yeah. Yes. Dr. George. Okay. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to George. All right. Thank you very much. We could do that all day. QAM, hello. George. Yeah. What's up, man? What's going on? Hey, it actually wasn't that bad of a movie. What? I know you have an inversion to count on. Uh, a strong serious inversion to QAM. Yeah, it was a good deal. Doesn't he look like his mother drank during her pregnancy with her. I don't care what he's like. He's got an extra chromosome in there. It was easy. A little strange looking. What's up? He's all right. He's even more active. What the special effects are worth. I understand that. And I, you know, was angry and normally I would be torn, but I was angry because I can't go see, I told you. I fell into that trap with Johnny Mimnomonic. And again, I thought, oh, this is just, you know, I'll tolerate Kano. Maybe it'll be a good special effects movie. And I understand, and everyone's told me that the special effects are really great, but nevertheless, so how did it end? What's that? How did it end? Uh, spoiled it. Ruin it for everyone. I can't do it, yeah? Oh, you saw. Come on, Bob. I hate you, Bob. QAN, hello. Hi, Joe. How are you doing? All right. If I could show that, I speak with the first I have a normal, actually, two, five, six, six, six program, I have a home. Uh, don't tell anybody. Uh, don't take it. I'm half worried. Can have American in the, uh, I'll wave the bubble five, two. I show it really. Wow, talk about salt hating someone's blank. Oh, my parents hate it, but we're going to think just like you. What's on? You said, did you see, uh, the matrix? No. No. Oh, is that it? You're just calling to say, uh, hi, how you doing? Yeah, great. Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much. How are you doing? 14. So, too. On QAN. QAN, hello. Hello. Never mind. QAN, hello. Hi, George. Yes, sir. After now. Good afternoon. Good. I understand from a previous color that you go up to the Carolinas. I have a house there and we go every chance. We go. Oh, great. So you're on property here. What is it? You own property of that? Yes, I did. Good. I'm a half way between bug puzzle and possum holer. Now, just kidding, we're there. All seriousness and it's almost the real answer is almost as funny as the fake answer. Where the house is, uh, equidistant in between West Jefferson and Sparta, North Carolina, to the East and West, the four miles south of Mount of Wilson, Virginia and just north of Crompler. Oh, so you're up in the northwest corner? Uh, yes. We're right. As a matter of fact, you have to like swing into Virginia to get to our house. So, you mount and road actually goes through Virginia then comes back in North Carolina. That's a beautiful area. How in the middle of nowhere, up on the side of a mountain about half an hour from the Blue Ridge Parkway? Yeah, of you. Well, are you going up this summer? Are you better believe it? I would chance we get. We just got back from the Asheville, uh, so they are. Asheville is a beautiful area, although it's a little bit too populist for what I want to achieve when I go up there. Well, you know, that's an awesome garden. This is great. The Smoking Mountain National Park is great, but I like to be in the middle of the woods with right a win around me and that's where we're at. Well, that's where we got it there. And I mean, I use that. Yeah, absolutely. I use that. It was a general location, but we're right. Actually, color we, you have a herd of color. Yeah. Russian Carolina University. And we're about two miles up the hill along the side of the river and put it in four by four and head on up to the mountain. There you go. Beautiful country. And I can't wait to take my four runner up there. I usually drove up in a camera and I would just leave bits and pieces of it all the way up the road. You know, a single lane bulldozed mountain road, 45 degree angle. That kind of thing. Oh, treacherous. Yes. Anyway, thank you very much. All right, including. Yes. If I may, I'm sorry Greg and Yandwell Monipo, but I got it. Okay. Thank you very much. I'll translate after the show. That's an inside day. QAN hello. Good. Well, white through Yandwell, no prey. What four suits though are, that was that was Kiano when dangerous liaison. Who cast him for that? How dare it, Thout, this is me on the air dude. Yeah. I'm telling you what. I mean, point of stake was a real stretch for me, that was Yandwell. Anyway. I just want to share that with you. I have one question for you. Okay. I understand you come from Montana. I spent seven years there. My formative years, my teenage years. All right. My wife is listening to you right now. Yes. She wants to move out there. Yes. What's stopping you? Yeah. Listen. I hate to freak out. As long as it's the Western third, that's where the mountains are. The Eastern two thirds is flat scrub land that's really cold. Oh, thank you. If you're moving to the Rockies, that's that's God's country. That's you know, big trees, big bear. And the mountains really do shield a lot of the Arctic blasts. Oh, yeah. Yeah. See, that's just that. See, like you saw Fargo. Yeah. The wind of the winter is in Fargo. When there are no mountains to protect you from the wind is those are bulls. When you live up in the mountains like that or in the valleys and shrouded by the Rocky Mountains, yeah, you don't get those high winds. Seriously. Seriously. Okay. I think she's then then she's not telling me a bag of BS. No, it's beautiful, beautiful country. I'm not, you know, it will get cold. There's no question it will be cold. Of course. But, you know, you got a balance to doubt. If that's not, you know, we got the weather here, but we also have a lot of maniacs. Yes. The wind show that kills me. You know, let's say no. The wind is not too bad. I can deal with it. Not not high wind unless you're out in the open or up on top of the mountain. If you're in the valley and a valley town, you're just fine. All right. All right. There you go. It's time to take breaks. Still, no one has ruined matrix for the audience and no one has told me what we need to go see this weekend. 10-till 2-1, QA.