Sports Radio 567, the U.S. UAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Rarrer, or count 560 on your cell ball. The opinions of Neil is guest-coller's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, and easily read acquisitions or the measly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 567-08, why are you airing shit like this? That's the American fucking way. It's just a hot. Back in the good old days, before the old part came and politicians say no say. This town was once alive. Oh, they keep it that street gray. There was things to do all night. In Broward and in Bay, but the old part walking dead at the power to select the crooked wheels. Oh, just got off the boat. I heard Neil Rogers cry. This is David at Corrali Dine. Everyone who's on the day to bed are the worst of all those things. I can't believe there was a sign. No. They had to be knows and how they're deal. Try to organize a crime. But the accelerants had failed. When the brain did change it down and tore the box up down. They did sell over the plate. It's the big guy that just prayed for Neil Rogers cry. This is David at Corrali Dine. What a great place to kill this is. But self-driven asshole grew with it with an ugly, proper deal, Rogers cry. What the hell is that? There's a boy on the floor. Hello to a 5.6. We're WQM. I've heard everything now. But they're guilty this morning. You said about time they'll bring. Hey, that should be looking guy. Yeah, I mean, you know, we all know that. What kind of a sports observation is that about Pawel Buried the Great Wall? Hey, that should be looking guy. But nevertheless, you know, I heard that last call, you know, Little Dog for once. For once he's on top of this thing. Okay, he's right. What kind of medical care is this team getting over there to Cleveland Clinic? They're getting the same kind of cure over there that I got before five times. The only time I went over there and they didn't even write with the asshole doctor. The member because the the magnet peddling asshole doctor, who was wanted to the rubber band man that wanted me to have the operation because of those roads that was having. And so I go over for a second opinion and they bring it a whole staff. This is the top asshole doctor in the world. And quite frankly, I think they have many asshole doctors over there. They're Cleveland Clinic. But nevertheless, any brings in this whole team of experts of asshole experts. And they were looking in there and they got the flashlight up in there. And you don't need no rubber bands. They're a couple of little hemorrhage. Just leave it alone and he'll open it. And it did. That's the only time I ever went over there that I got any kind of anything that made any sense. And where did you first hear by the way that Pablo Bury would not play another game this season? Was it just a lucky guest by your Australian? You think so? I don't think so. I mean, they were hoping for the best that he was hoping for the best. And he skated a few days ago and he was skating out there like the wind. So I'm told by people of the song. But his knee, it's a right. And he had to go to Alabama with a band to one as knee. And he had to re-operate again last night like a real surgeon. And now he's out for six months. And we're all crossing our fingers and hoping it comes back like the Pawvel that we know and love. Those of us who have some idea who he is, which most of you don't. But I mean, to say, you know, to sum this up, I say, Hey, that should be looking guy. Well, what was that? I have to do with the price of rice. Okay. I mean, he'll look good sitting in his stands in a suit. I guess. But we don't need that. And by the way, guilty, another point that you're wrong. I mean, totally wrong. Totally wrong. For people that are following this, I understand that it's a very marginal team. The Panthers are a 500 team, marginal amount of talent. They got a lot of over-achievers. They've had that right from the inception of this franchise. That's why Wayne and the, a Tory and the Murray boys, Lucky and Hell. Right from the beginning, all the people in the organization from the Bobby Clark and right on through. They've been lucky and hell. Because quite frankly, you know, you look at the composition of the team, even the year that they went to the finals, not really that much talent. A lot of overachievers. A lot of guys that really gave 300% went out there and, you know, for a couple of months, got really hot and didn't miraculous things. So, but to say that they don't have a chance or that people are buying the tickets because it's a law. They got a win nine out of 12, which they don't have 12 games. What do they got 10, I think? They don't have to do that because Carolina is folding up like an accordion. Carolina's only five points ahead in the path is it got two games in hand. So, as amazing as it may seem, they got the putrid islanders tomorrow night. And they got the Tampa Bay at home in the last regular season game. So, there's some soft spots they got two games against Washington and we're out of the playoffs long since. And I've nothing to play for. So, anybody that counts the amount of the playoffs at this point, even without Pavel Brewery, doesn't know what they're talking about. That's a good looking guy. Right. Doesn't know what they're talking about. It's a long shot, but they don't have to win almost every game because Carolina is in a coma. They couldn't win a fixed game. They blew a three-one made against Tampa against the lightning together. They had a home in the third period. And wound up with a putrid tie. So, you know, everybody's got a big mouth. But everybody talks, but as usual, he's the case when you turn on a radio no matter what station is in his town. Or you're reading your newspaper, then I want to talk about. But that's that, that's that, that's that everybody's got a mouth. Motor mouth. But I would agree. Hey, that should be looking guy. I would agree with that. But who cares, you know? Maybe you'll have more time to bond with Pavel because he ain't going to be out there on the ice for six months. You're really wondering about that Cleveland Clinic. You know, I mean, I, I just don't know. Dr. Over there puts me on 50 milligrams of hydrochlorophyteshyde for my, you know, look, he looks at me. Oh, yes, Adelaide, which it wasn't the Adelaide by the way. I had a biopsy and another test. And you heard Dr. Marker yesterday, I was not allergic to the Adelaide. Was I? No. But he looks at me. How can you tell these things by looking at somebody? See, if you sound very authoritative, like you really know what you're talking about. And you, you, you, you, you whip out a whole bunch of facts that you have stored away in your brain. Beep it. But again, there's another example of that. People talking up the storm who often don't know what they're talking about. And to start me out in 50 milligrams and I look at a PDR last night, and I found out a whole bunch of side effects of this drug that I'm on. Very effective for my blood pressure by the way, works great. First of all, it says, use the lowest dosage. That's effective. So why would you start out? Here's a drug that's available in 12 and a half milligrams. Why do you start somebody out in 50 milligrams? What are your facts? By the way, stomach problems stomach pains. And I'm having all of those like my kissies are like twistin from this stuff, probably. And that's the end of it. That's the last that I hear. And I look at the side effects of the in the PDR last night of the drug. And I'm looking just at and head to those blood tests. Send your L of the L, which is the bad cholesterol. Up. Send your glucose, which if you're diabetic. Send your blood sugar. Up, which it did. Was interfering. All of these things. Did he bother mentioning this to me? No. I mean, you know, you walk into the, and they've been very nice to me over there. You know, they treat me with super star treatment. They give me right in right out on the moment. Notice the binvery nice and every girl. But that's fine for on the face of it. But do they have any idea what they're doing? Like the very same surgeon that operated on Pavellbury to the first ACL. He's the one that I went to for my foot for it like I said yesterday. Did he do anything for it? No. No. Nine months later, he'll buy itself. Thank God. Thank the Lord. Thank you. God. Right. Didn't do a damn thing. So tell me to stand in front of the wall and slide my foot around. I'd like to slide my foot up some of the back dome over there at that place. So I think a little dog is right on target. You have to wonder, do you know, he's finished like I told you? Did I say that he was probably not going to play another game? He's unfortunately we love you. Do you know a guy that we need him? You know, Gordon Murphy taking forever to get him back in line up. You really have to take a look and wonder what's going on over here. I thought I wanted to cast dispersions, but go back to that same thing again about medical care, about life and death. Do you really care? You want to be fat? You want to be dead? All these things. See, the pit public doesn't like hearing this. That's why I like the religious stuff goes over real big because it like is a nice, make good. You know, cover up for all this grotesque stuff. That's about life which can be a bitch. With all these diseases and all these injuries, I mean, you know, God could have made us like a car camp. We could have taken off our shirt and had a big emblem on our chest and been superman. We could have been invulnerable. No diseases, no illnesses, no death, no nothing. Frate train comes along. You just leap up in here in your fly away from it. Doesn't it get you? No problems. But that goddamn shandard, whatever it is, name is, that the crazy people invented. He just, an SNM guy, man. He's a messer. I say this animacicist. We're living in the world of SNM. Anybody like it? I bet. 10 minutes after 10, come on. Lay those to fill in baby. It's almost paced off. I see we got a couple of Jewish beany babies in the hill this morning. I'll get them then. Now, nothing. After I was starving to— Hey, if your ascent that you've been asking me— You gotta go through limp post. Just shut up! It's your not-act racialistic son-vezen. You gotta go through limp post and then you choke. We're waiting for the bus in the bus. Everybody, welcome to Limbo. Come on. Waiting will, we're allowed to stand and sit down. Stand up and sit down. Think of you never obey the laws of the Bible that we're waiting for. Who never will stand? Please have a seat. Should won't be leaving. The waiting for the bus in the bus. Or not, because these are the fact that C.B. That's what you'll get to in the limbo. Limbo. So, waiting for the bus. That's a rock and a good day. We'll have to wait for the bus. There, we're in Limbo now, man. I know. So, you can smell it. So, before I get back to that other business of a public, I'll bring about crappy doctors and about to all these things. And about to play off. And about people and not, you know, some of you people out there that last guy that called the worst thing this morning. All these, you know, parent, all this paranoia. And oh, it's a big set up. Yeah, well, of course, they don't want to give you the real bad news that maybe he was going to be off for the year. And I told you that around the rest of the league, they were saying, hey, I'm probably going to come back to the season. They were hoping for the best. But they're not going to tell you that. But as far as an I stand corrected, what I'm wrong. I'm the first one to tell you. Nobody else has to say Neil was wrong about the playoff. I think it's I don't read the fine print. God calls in this morning. I was listing on the way to work for a change, which I usually don't do. But I heard that call. And the fine print, if you read it with a big magnifying glass, you can get a refund or a play it toward your next year's tickets, whichever you choose. So, if they don't make the playoff, you can get the money back like immediately, not sooner. Just about. But everybody's so paranoid. Oh, and they're out to give us their listen. Marine isn't going to miss any meals one way or the other. He's not going to miss any feedings, okay? So, you know, if that's what you're concerned about, then I don't care about way. And you know how I feel about way and I don't support the pancreas. And I don't pay for the tickets anyway, although did I get reimbursed yet for those of playoff? No, deposit. No, but I will someday, maybe, when you get to $200 employee of the month bonus. No. Well, like I said, if he lives long enough. So, I really don't care about that. I go because I love the pancreas I support the team, etc. Even though I do wear my maple leaf jacket because they come first is everybody knows. It's quite a bit to tell me what to wear at the game the other night. Go to hell, bitch. And don't ever come near me again. I'll call the usher and have you thrown out. I'll throw you out myself, okay? I'll stick my foot in your echo. Just, uh, harpoon you out the door, bitch. Oh, people have to go. See, that's one thing about this thing about this town. People will go out of their way to be nasty. I mean, you can find nasty people anywhere. But here, there are many people who will actually go out of their way. They'll make the extra move, they'll go the extra nine yards just to be obnoxious and the assholes. Which you know, that's something to be said for that. So, I guess, you know, sunny herses funeral was yesterday. And like I said, sunny was a great guy. Everybody liked him. I was thinking about that over the weekend. You know, all the different people that I've worked with in this market over the 23 years. Very few people could you say, well, everybody like so and so. You know, very, I can't think of anybody that I ever knew who anything bad to say about sunny. Except maybe, of course, some of the people do university money. And some of the people at queer channel, people when they stabbed him in the back and shoved him out there and unceremoniously and treated him like crap there at the end. You know, and I don't want to mention anybody in particular because, you know, I'm sure that some of those people feel bad about it. You know, who were involved in, you know, not telling something was going to be doing the games anymore and stabbing it back and taking his job. I'm sure that I'm not going to mention a name, but I'm sure there are people who feel bad about that. But anyway, so it comes to my attention. And of course, Hank was out yesterday because Hank was a real good friend of sunny and organized the funeral and did a great job. But, you know, I'm reading a nice article by the way in the here, all the day with one exception which I'll get into. But, you know, Joe's a gacking with there who is close with the sunny and Tony segretto and Hank and a lot of other, this ton of people. Number one, I wasn't a close friend with sunny. I worked with him twice a KT and I would be for years. And, you know, I don't think I ever had a conversation with say that lasted more than 30 or 40 words because he worked into, when I was at KAT, I worked in the afternoon. He worked at night. I, and another part of the building way into back. I was a lot of days I never even saw sunny. And I OD, he worked in the morning. I would see him a few minutes between like 9.39, 20 and 10 o'clock. That was the extent of our relationship. Always pleasant. I liked him. He like me was a great guy. But, number one, I didn't consider a close friend. Number two, I don't do funerals. I know that I'm a, I see one thing that I'll be the first to tell you. I'm an unorthodox person, not just as far as religion unorthodox, but unorthodox as a human being. And I make no apologies for that. I am me. I don't do things because it's tradition did do them because it's expected you do them. I went to one funeral of anybody who's ever been a friend of mine in this business and that was Bill Calder. And the reason I went to Bill's funeral was number one who was a great friend of mine. We had great, great times of work together two or three different times. Used to go to the race track together. He's just a great friend. But I went because of his wife was also a good friend, Mary Ellen, who called on the year here a couple of months ago and called me home. We had a nice chat. She's doing great. But she was a good friend. So I went to Bill's funeral, not to pay respects to Bill. Because I, you know, how do you pay respects to somebody who's dead? You know, I don't know. That's just not my thing. You pay respects to somebody when they were alive. I mean, I'm a good friend. But I went because I went for her because obviously she wanted me to be there. And I was. I don't do funerals. And I'm certainly not putting down anybody who, you know, was there yesterday? It's on is because these were all his good friends. And he and especially in life of the fact that he had no family left. These people were basically his family. And I think that was great. But anybody out there who's questioning how come Georgian, I worded to funeral. And what is that? I don't do funerals. So call me a bastard. Okay, call me an asshole. I don't do funerals. What's the point? Somebody's dead. I mean, are they going to be aware? I mean, you know, I said all the things on the ear that I felt. Somebody came up to me at the hockey game Friday. Thank me for the nice things that I had said about study. This guy had worked with him for years at UM. This guy also got screwed in the back by the way by UM, which their famous We're doing that to people. Which I just mentioned in passing. But I don't have funerals. But you know, I notice they took the asshole Barry Jackass off the story here. They put Susan Miller deegne deegne. Another stringer evidently. I have no idea who she is. The Harold and the one they're professional writers. Not. And it's a really nice kind of big picture in here. The Paul Barres Hank is there and Tony and Ron Fraser and some other people I don't recognize. But it's a very nice story and study deserve it. But there's one thing in here that I notice again, they can't stop saying this. And I realize the medical examiner made a mistake in the report. You can't play Barry Jackass quite as much. I know Hank was out of the collar and I hate Barry Jackass almost as much as Hank does. Because Barry's a puts. But they made a mistake in the first report about how he refused the CPR and he refused the attention. That was bullcraft. He was dead when they got there. But here it says in the article again today, he said, He died of coronary artery disease. It's already been reported. Why do they have to put it? Apparently, oh, just maybe. There's something. There wasn't. And like I said, the other day, I'm the only one who's going to say this. Just like when Joe de Magio died, who smoked three packs and cigarettes a day, had a long removed because even at a lung cancer and granted he made it to me for which is a miracle quite frankly. But nevertheless, the reason that he had the long removed and the reason he died was because he was a heavy smoker. Why can't we say that? Does that make us disrespectful or bastard? No. No. It's just a good lesson to be learned. And Sonny died from fat. You die from crann. He was fat. He was not enormous fat, not like, you know, some of the people around here like booster. Not that fat. But he was overweight all the while that I knew him. And we do this to ourselves. We clogged our arteries. We go, oh, a clogged and we die. And I don't see anything wrong in saying that to you. And a heart attack. I mean, 65, especially by South Florida standards, is not a little far. That's not all at all. You're not supposed to die at 65. But that was the thing. But anyway, that's the reason I wasn't a funeral in dry. I can't speak for you all or you know, you didn't know Sonny all that well. You worked around him. You thought he was a nice guy. You give him a ride one day in Card Bookdown. But I mean, it's not like he was a personal friend or you would have an expected to be there. We were on the air. What yesterday? Yeah. Well, we could have taken the day off. I mean, Hank took today up. But again, Hank was probably someone who's very best friends. So that's to be expected and organize the whole thing over there. And did a great job. But I mean, anybody that questions why I don't do funeral's. Okay. I don't apologize for it. I don't do funeral's. There will be some funerals, unfortunately in my life. Maybe. And you know, I was thinking about it too. I got so much to talk about here today. You know, I don't want to get too philosophical because I'm not that old yet. I'm getting there with all the aches and the pains and the unknowingly. I did this is part of the bit of life, the mystery of life. Especially when you don't take care of yourself when you abuse yourself. What all that fish food and sugar and refined carbohydrates and candy and smarties that people are bringing you. How many times have I talked about that over the years? Killing you with kindness and it doesn't do any good because people even at nice people, they have this one part of their brain that doesn't function. They're done. They're just dumb. They don't understand that they're killing you with kindness. Like today that I talked on the year. I mean, we had just been on the year here like a month or two. And I was talking about being like definitely ill from fat and just choking up and you know, how I don't want anybody to bring any of this stuff around within an hour. Remember Mickey Dane's daughter comes over over with a cake that Mickey had baked. And I said, no thanks. I mean, what is that? That's part of that syndrome again that fat people want to keep other people fat because it makes you feel better about yourself. There's no mystery about that. That's a fact. You may disagree with a lot of say on this show, but one thing that is a guaranteed fact is that fat people want to be modern see other people around them fat. And even if they're not fat yet, they want to help make them fat. So then they feel better about themselves are good for now. Goal for the call. There's a classic example. You're going to go eat with him tonight. What are you going to be eating tomorrow? Well, whatever. I mean, that's not all you can eat shrimp. Oh, shrimp. That's okay. And it's because yeah, but you're not just going to be eating shrimp. I am. You know, what's he going to be eating? Everything. Yeah. Oh, you see it. I know I have seen it. We love you. You're a great guy. You're fun. You're a sensational guy. Everybody that knows you likes you. Okay. But you're going to die. Can't do it. They don't speak the language. They don't speak any calls yet. They're bragged to me. The blood sugar is down 175, which I'm sure he must be taking medication. Huh? Set people always do that. And that's in a morning like when he's been sleeping all night. You know, so the body is in a partial state of fact 175. Is that good? No. I know my blood sugar is baby. That's not good. Are you going to be the one that's going to push him around in the chair? See, it's easy. See, let me have some of those cigar. Are you going to be here seeing eye dog? When we chop his legs off and he can't see anymore. Are you going to want to and you're going to be the one that drives him over for Dioluses every week? He's going to know everything. Then both to do that. Okay. I'll thank you for that. 10, 20, 75. I said, there's Joe Costello who's looking better today. He was sick and a dog because our general manager was running around spreading mono all over the building. Until Friday, of course, when he was supposed to call me back with some answers, not all of a sudden he got too sick to work and ran home with his tail between his legs. Our GM. The Spine was one. But anyway, anyhow. I'm dying out of the hatch. On the blue ship, on the stud, it's a strange ship and it's very stuck when you roll all day. You have the back with change. It's a world in ship and it smells unlike an orbit orbit, eight-pointed, and it's a giant and sea. They told him how to eat this. This is not all the toilet for stores and longjes around. And if you go play the old, no, why never be too afraid to let the chage put the slaves if they don't serve low foods with ducati, sick they do it back to you. Hey, bitch, daddy. I was the good shit on the stove. I'm 33 or 5. So let's talk about the funerals today. Seriously, I think I got all this other stuff I want to do. But I spend a lot of time dwelling on this. So forget about the phone. I want to talk about this at length. Because I was thinking to myself after reading this. Like I said, it's a great article here. You know, and they're sitting tribute to a guy who was liked by everybody. I was thinking to myself, you know, I could cook like tomorrow. I could cook in a middle of the show. Many days lately, I felt like I'm dying over here, yeah? And I was wondering who would come to my funeral? Donny, be he would show up? Because there'd be free food. Oh, there's going to be food? Well, I'm in. Oh, you'll be in there because it would be embarrassing for you not to be. How come the door is still open? Or is Donny afraid he would make some noise back close? He was not, doesn't close, he didn't bring anything. Oh, the spring doesn't work while I figure's around here. I was like, what? 45 cents per spring that might work over there. I know there's nice baseball at the walls out there in a hall too, by the way. Yeah, you know, I just want to say this before I get into my death note. You know, you people in this place are so cheap and you're such a bunch of slums. I mean, I'm not exactly a fashion plate, okay? I'm never going to accuse me of being a snappy dresser. I'm walking around my sandals on again because I'm on my toes. He went up nicely. Thank you. I don't want to irritate it. But you people are the ultimate slums. I've never known anybody. I mean, you have no self respect. No, nothing. I mean, when the first day I walked up on this floor, months before I started working in this radio station, and they gave me the guided tour. I went, I said, I mean, carpets would mill to emold and stains on walls, peace stains and come stains. I mean, it brownstone. I just don't believe it. I thought, what kind of a place is this? Then I went over to that place on Shuren Street to pick you up that one day. I ran out of there. I had to go in there and take a leak and I thought, oh my god. Yeah, right. What is that smell? Then I found out, of course, that Josh Friedman was running around on the loose. Man. I don't know. How can you be such slabs? You know what? And again, that comes back again, just having no self respect. It all goes, yeah, we're all here to worship at the altar of one guy and make him seem like, you know something. Yeah, I, of course, have a language barrier. We don't speak the same language. It's called language abroad casting. I don't speak it. But anyway, getting back to my funeral. I mean, you know, who would really show up? I mean, family, see all my personal friends, which I have. You know, maybe about a half of those night and together were real good friends. George would show up there because it would look bad if he didn't. And who else would be there? They wouldn't, you know, 300 people gather around because, and I'm not complaining about that. See, because I don't really give it to them because I'd be dead in the box anyway. It makes no difference. But I've alienated a lot of people. I make no apologies for that because a lot of people can't handle the truth. A lot of people like me, but also a lot of people don't like me. So fine, that's fine with me. But one thing I do notice that now that I'm alive still, last time I checked, is that a lot of times I'll hear people like when we had the Super Bowl here a couple of months ago. And then we have people Hank was talking to last week after sunny past the way. People that I worked with. And then it's basically part of the syndrome. You'll notice on a whole radio station, once in a great while. Once in a very great while. Somebody will mention me like I actually exist. Like managed for example, you know, managed and I get along great whenever see each other. That's why, but we have great respect for each other. But I don't know if she has to say he was give me a little shot by a name about Michigan State. And you're right, mad dog. They're about to animals up there. I can't defend it. They're assholes. But other than that, I'm basically the unmentionable one. I'm like the guy with leprosy. I'm the, oh, the un-touchable, the unclean, the unmentionable. And I don't exist. So that people who worked with me years ago, like Kevin Kaufman, I heard him on with the Hank Pivd. Or like, so many I can think of. Craig Sager, I worked with the WSPV and so on. 26 years ago. People that I hear on this radio station, talking to people, especially the Hank. And they go down to list of all the people they've worked with. The guy, my name is never mentioned that. I don't exist. I'm not a factor. I'm not a human. I'm not, I'm not there. I just like a remaland in the invisible man. I'm like a shadow on the wall. I don't exist. All the money that I helped to raise maturity, which I figured out this morning. I was taking a shower and I was trying to add up in my month. It's got to be over $155 less ten years that we raised maturity. Maybe closer to two minutes. And again, I don't do it to get mentioned because if I did that, I would have stopped doing it a long time ago. Because there is no PR and nobody mentioned it. It's no good. If we raised ten million dollars on the show for whatever charity, it's still wouldn't be good enough to get a mentioned. All of which have alienated the people in the media. Tough crap. Okay, too bad. I just mentioned it in passing. Father paranoia. I just mentioned it in passing. So it goes to show you with some of us no matter what we accomplish. Can it be number one for like 20 years in a row, which some of us have, by the way. AM FM morning drive afternoon drive midday nighttime, you name it. Stations that haven't been invented yet. And it'll be like a purple mention. The only guy that ever wrote good stuff about me consistently because he really was a fan of mine. And it's speaking of dead with Bill Cosford. And the hero now there was a great guy. Great guy. And he just liked that. I don't remember how old he was. How old was he? He was 39 or something like that. He had diabetes, which is not a number of never knew. Wake up on morning. Here's a horrible story. Bill Cosford died. Stop taking his medication. And he was alone and died. And very little was written about that. Almost nothing. So one thing I've learned in the 23 years have been in this town. You don't ever do anything expecting you get credit for it. They only are credit expecting you get a paycheck. You know, and to get rewarded financially for it. Because that didn't net, forget it. It's like the six years that I did you have a baseball over there. You know, that net's forgotten. That's all in the past all history. It didn't exist. I was never there. Dave Lamont. Dave Lemmon. All those people associated with you have a baseball. I was never there. Never happened. Seriously, I'm like the non-human. So those people in the audience who think I'm non-human, I think you're right. I'm the non-human. And proud to be. I did, again, I just mentioned it in passing. I don't exist. 21 before 11 at 5. 60. Am I wrong? What? Exactly. I mean, some of the people on the list is guilty. Take out a couple of cheap shots because he's trying to desperately disturb some controversy because you don't go through tough times, less, couple of weeks. Unless it's that contract. There's never mentioned. I don't know anything about the Panthers. I didn't put any people in those seats. I don't know if I'll talk about Paul Velbrick. I don't know what I'm talking about. No matter what the topic is, I don't exist. And you know something? I'm proud of it. Because I'm unconventional, because I'm a miserable old-fag prick. And you know what? All right. That's what I say to that. You're so mad. You're lucky. You're nice. You're a modeling world. They were the pioneers of a lifestyle that do this day. His enjoyed and men's rooms everywhere. I think it was back in 2012. Me and a boy drilled a fire stall in world. Say, well, I'm drilled back then. Take up teeth into the secrets of sight of men who first developed a glory hole to today's high-tech adventure. I'm told that now they're using laser smorspeaks. Modern werewolves. Glory holes. Tonight are the historical channel. 1045 with 560 WQM. Here's a facts from clear channel again. Somebody on the inside of it. There it's a shame on you Peter Bolder. Rona and Dave Lamont. I hope you feel even better now for stabbing something in the back. You should be so lucky to die a quick painless death like sunny. It says, you should be riding 16 under right now. You scumbags. So it says on sign. Of course, somebody who needs the job at clear channel. On the inside. On their facts machine. How do you like that? A lot of hostility over there. So I gather. You know, a lot of people that aren't too pleased with people. They're a lot of people who are very pleased with people. And I believe this guy died of a broken heart. I think that's a very at the description of what happened to some of it. I mean, you know, the fat contributes, of course, clogging up your arteries in the stress. And when you already have those things in the stress compounds it. And then all of a sudden you're dead. They kill them is what I believe. Huh? I really believe that. And this business will kill you. US judge overturned states ban on sex toys. Montgomery, Alabama. Here's some good news. Paul Harvey would say. He's still on Jesus. And the time to hang it up. Paul go down to the basement. Shut the equipment off and give everybody a rest from that cornball cram. Good day. It wouldn't have been great just one last good day. He'll buy someday. Montgomery, Alabama federal judge. You'll be good in funeral too. Federal judge and Paul Harvey Jr. On Monday overturned Alabama. You would. You'd dance on his grave when to. Yeah. I hate to break the news. You a Paul Harvey Jr. But George is laughing. He just what is pants. Thinking of the prospect of dancing on your grave. Well, I'll be a bad. I won't be around to see that. I'll be dead. Federal judge on Monday overturned Alabama's ban on sex toy. Saying the state had no reason to point with the sale of their devices. US district judge Lynn Wood Smith of Huntsville found the state's 1998 law is overly broad. Pardon that expression. And in violation of due process, right? Because it bears no rational relation to legitimate state interest. So in other words, even Alabama has no legitimate interest in banning sex toys. All right. So go to Montgomery with a banjo on it. In fact, maybe one Pavel was over there getting his knee operated on. It come back with a couple of pocket rockets. That's the Russian rocket with a pocket rocket rocket. Yeah, there you go. What's wrong with that? I like it. Okay. Now, which your player was called the pocket rocket? The rest are. How do you know that? By osmosis. Listen to you. No, no, it's going to go for you. That was amazing. That is unbelievable. I could, I could just, I think I'm going to die right now. I think I have lived all I need to live. After hearing that come from your mouth. Mr. I hate sports like poison. Anybody who's interested in his an asshole. You don't know which rest are, but that's good enough. No rest rest are more reason. There was the old brother was on re-re-shared with the rocket. And his younger brother, on re-shared they called him the pocket rocket. How do you like that? Anybody out there got a pocket rocket? Squared, squared? Speaking of that, by the way. Speaking of oversex people. If there is such a thing which I doubt. Catholic league urges boycott of San Francisco. Not for the reasons you might think, though. San Francisco, a national Catholic organization on Monday called for a boycott of San Francisco. San Francisco, saying the city was promoting intolerance by allowing a group of drag queen nuns to hold a street party on Easter. Oh! What's wrong with that? What was the name of that movie? A trivial pursuit? What was the name of that? That was the name of it. Was it? That's really spoof movie on the nuns. You know the one I'm talking about? You don't? A few years ago, it's an old movie. Like a comedy? Yes! How did I miss that? Somebody will call him today. And ask them, ask the habit to just came to me. Was that it? Ask the habit. And of course they were all upset about that. The Catholic leagues always get upset. Okay, just because they got this barbaric religion. This archaic barbaric religion. We're all through the centuries of enslaughtering people who wouldn't accept the offer that they wanted to make. It wasn't offer they refused and they said, okay, well, guess what you did. And of course, running around with all these chauches, we're in all the robes in the, oh god. And sticking the wafer in people's mouths and having them drink wine out of that filthy chalice that the priest with those lips, you know about those priest? We all know the story about it. People fact in the church. We can wine out of the same chalice that the father of his tool has been on. But anyway, they're all upset because San Francisco allowed a group of drag queen nuns to hold a street party on Easter. Many people think that San Francisco is the city of Tolerance, but it is a lie. And outrageous lie says William Donahue, president of the Catholic League for religious and civil rights. And a half page ad taken out and the San Francisco chronicle. The league, which has 350,000 members and fights what it sees as anti-catlet prejudice. So San Francisco is trying to allow the sisters of perpetual indulgence to close a public street on Sunday for a party to celebrate their 20th anniversary. What's 10,000 to what attack on the Catholic faith? Which I say, oh yeah. Great. Our objection to the sisters is not sent around men dressing as nuns. It centers on their obscene assaults on the eukarist, the very nucleus of Catholicism. That is why we are outraged as a league of worship. What exactly is the eukarist? What is that? That's the way for it. Does he do the games for a Milwaukee Bob eukarist? The flush and blood. The flush and blood of what? The way for the wine is almost. Are we going to have to play all you can eat negro again now? Huh? The flush and blood. Are we back to that discussing stuff so close to lunchtime? The flush and blood of what? Of Jesus? Jesus? Oh no. Holy Jesus. What is that happening with the nuns? Oh I guess they were doing obscene things with the other flush and blood. He wasn't getting nun. That's so what is written. So what is said? So what is rumored? The eukarist, the blood and the arm. I mean, what talk about eshenim stuff again? Even now that's religion Dracula were in Prado. I'm under the word Catholics in Transylvania. He would have just hung around a little longer. He would have loved that religion. Could have an eric burdensing spill the wine in the background. And it could have been sucking the blood out of good. Huh? Hey, there's a lot of sucking going on in that religion. It's all I can tell you. A lot of sucking just as father and tool. So there you go. They're all upset about the little spoof out there and they all bent out of shape. Oh, it's a parade. Yeah, right. Whatever you say. Okay, let's take two or three hundred calls. Now we'll see if they want to talk about Paulville. Burry about funerals about dying over here. What do they want to talk about today? Let's see if these people got anything for us today. Probably not. 567560, pound 560, animal-able one line. Here's my me, B, cello. Hello? Yes, sir. Have a song about coast of O, for you. Yeah. You there? I'm hearing. In the Balkan states, there's a place called coast of O. Oh, yeah, Balkan Brian already did that one. Thank you. Oh, by the way, he was told me that Randy ripped him off at the same day. The coast of O, song. Whaaaaa! Rift them off and did the same user. They got the karaoke better. Something in the name of the song. Rift off the same song. The same song, same lyrics, that same day. See, this is one thing, even though I don't exist. You know, how can you rip off somebody doesn't exist? But all these wannabes, all these Neil wannabes in this town, yeah? I mean, Randy, I hate to break the newsiest sweetheart. But you're just tired and old. You're a home sister, the same thing. Another desperate Neil wannabes. Oh, I listened to Neil for years, then I knew I was ready. Whatever, whatever, what does that mean? Neil was ready to go on and do a Neil Jr. routine and play a lot of stuff off the car. A lot of cards. Ha ha ha! Yeah. Doesn't bother me. That's okay. I don't steal a steal away sweetheart. We still need to stop out of her, even up there in Palm Beach County. I mean, we're in, we're in Dayton Broward and even there are rating book every time we beat the crap out of her. I'm sure that Book of Broward would send them tapes if they'd cut them a check. Yeah, pay it. Hey, that's another point. Pam, while they don't want to pay probably no one has the cash up there. You know, who owns that? Doesn't clear channel on that also? I don't have no idea. I can't keep track of it. And well, not always happened. Now they got to pay Mikey the big bucks up there. You know, here's the crawl spring. Hello. Any, oh, are you? Okay, sir. The other guy saw you. You were walking into the, uh, Peter game and I said, how do you and you ran like hell? Oh, they got wearing that brown sweater. I'm not only ever. What do you mean a ran like hell? You said, oh, hi, and you ran. No, I didn't. Oh, you did it? No, I did not. I was hoping to hide everybody and I don't run like hell. Not yet. I thought would you turn around and shake my hand, but that's okay. Oh, by the way, uh, what's the set of some boring? He's out for the, what do you mean? What's his name? Rita, newspaper. Did you listen to the radio? Oh, what? Have any contact with the outside world or they have you locked in somewhere like, it's a holly on guiding light. He's out for six months. Why are you laughing when I tell you that? He's out for six months. Do you think that you're using? Does that am use use? Not really. That's the level I'm here. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what the hell go leave? Okay. Yeah, go away. No wonder I didn't know what our ran like hell. See, I always had that good six sense. You don't always have the judgment. Oh, I'm not going anywhere near this guy. See, there you go. Right again. Nice going. I don't exist. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the mobile one line. Come on. Let's have some serious to input here today. Okay. Let's get serious. Show me. Come on. Let's get down and dirty in real serious today. All this business of a few animals and about why weren't we there and about all this stuff. About the fact that I'm the unspoken one, the unmentioned of a one. It's just astonishing. I don't exist. Even these little punks, these little underlings, who like, you know, were sleeping for fours when I was a WNWS and I and the all these places. I don't exist. That was never there. I never will be. I don't exist. Mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, even though you don't exist, yesterday at the funeral, you were mentioned and you were given recognition as they had one of the people that stood up and thought said that one thing suddenly admired was Neil's work for the U.M. baseball games and what a great thing. And what a great job you did. Well, I know that I take as a compliment. That's great. And this was brought out. I don't remember if it was a cake or a rich, downward, but one of the two got up and a pressure was one of those two. But they did make a special point saying how much sunnier your work during the U.M. baseball when he wasn't doing it. That's great. Why don't you do it? I appreciate it. All right. Thanks a lot. I'm coming having come from sunny heaven said that it means something. Because again, University of Miami, like I said, I never was there. Those six years that somebody of five years on radio and one year on TV with Bob greasy doing the color, I just dreamed that I never did those games. Because one thing about the University of Miami, if you ever expect, I mean, I guess when you die like what's sunny, although when I cropped, they wouldn't know for me by them, you know, because this is an interesting. But if you ever expect any gratitude from them, I'll never forget. I had done U.M. baseball for five years. Ron Fraser and I, good friends, he used to talk about, well, you know, Neil made the games exciting. We were building the attendance out there at Marclife State. He has a lot to do with building interest in the totally college baseball, but people are coming up, breaking attendance records left and right every year went to the college world series five years in row. And then the games went to another station, but the long story to GBS. And then after a year of not doing the games, they came to me. Would you like to do the games on television on channel 33, Bob greasy's going to do the color? And I said, sure. So we're out there at Marclife State. And this is a good, this is classic. This is vintage University of Miami. Okay. I've done the games for five years. And by all accounts done, I want to help a job, which I'll say, so myself, I'm sure I did. Okay. Bob greasy, who everybody likes, a nice guy, good guy. There's no reason in the world, not to like, but a local hero with the dolphins. Okay. Back to back Super Bowl's the perfect season with the Romore, all of that stuff. And so on comes J. Rochich on a PA before the opening telecast, that season 83, 84 whatever you're was. And he says we want to give a nice Mark Light, the stadium salute to the broadcasters, her channel 33, Marl, our hurricane baseball on this year, Neil Rogers and Bob greasy. We've worked on food. Loudly. Loudly. There wasn't even a, no, we've got food. And I thought, okay, a few two. So I did the games because I enjoyed them and I enjoyed work with Ron Fraser and, you know, it was just a lot of fun those six year. But as far as the University of Miami, it's sunk down and it still stinks. It's a bunch of plastic, self-aggrandizing, phony assholes who just, you know, never met a criminally didn't like. How do you do it, M. My family, who's part of the, M. Reggie White, for a scabble suit. Hmm, they should have looked like a hot baller suit. You know, we took them back to a time when my family had done it all whole neighborhood, they're like, can't debated. We didn't eat like that no more. We know the new flavor from Gamble Soup, like Chickaboo stew, with cookie rat ball, the motorbell is big. And by the, with cream Obole, how's lips with T-go, pooped to make it juicy. Oh, and I, your mom is in lunch and sambos, no more. Coast Cabo, soupy, good. Hmm, good. Mmm, the good. That's what's Cambo, soupy. Mmm, the good, the good. It's 1-0-2-5, 60-2-3, But it came out of our usual staggering response here on the phone. It's one of those things. Well, we got Pace Off and Easter and the kids are out of school and Broward and about half the town is out of town. Which we say, I drive it anyway. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See all of those thoughtful things. All of that intro-spective stuff that I went through there for about 40 minutes. You can't talk to these people. I thought I had a communication problem with Greg Reed. I got a communication problem in his audience. You can't talk to these people about these things. These are unique. These are interesting. These are something to stick your teeth and do. Amazing to me. It's just like yesterday. Even yesterday with a thing about that with that cuba-oriel baseball game, which I noticed Dave Hyde is writing about again today. On and on and on. You know, you gotta pull him teeth again. Anybody to say anything. Off the air, man. They all got a big mouth. They're all listening. Well, like I said, you know, considering we get any calls when you don't even exist. It's quite a miracle. Here's Port St. Lucy, hello. Are you doing me? OK, sir. All right. Enjoy your show immensely. Of course. I'm calling a lot of everybody else. They just don't want to speak to me. They're bunch of pussy. They're bunch of pussy. More rounds are both of your both. I'm calling about the act and the story. How can I get information on that? Probably by buying the book. Don't get cheap past. You go to the book and buy the store or go to the store and buy the book or both. Go to any major book store. They got it. Dr. Racken's new diet revolution paperback. OK, and how do I get the best of new on CD? Call center one. 5, 6, 3, 3, 3, 3, 6, 100. Thanks for your time. All right. OK, thank you. God bless you, sir. We don't want to raise too much more money for charity. Somebody might have to write something about that. You think? No. No, they won't. We rate high rates $200 billion on a year of charity between now and the end of the show today. What they're writing and thinking about it? No. So like I said, you don't do anything. I hope I get credit for it in this town because you won't get it. Unless you're part of course at the inner circle, the fraternity of little suckles. I'm not into that. OK, not that kind of sucking. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the AT&T Wireless Live. We've got any live wires out there at all to this week. No. Oh, we're going for three weeks to the road. Can we make it? I think we will. Here's a picnic board and mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, a picnic board. It's a happy. It's a happy. It's a happy set. It's a happy set. It's a happy set. It's a happy set. It's a happy set. OK. I'm not a paddle plane in the air. So everyone's floating out. Thanks for the good news, sir. All right. God bless you. Thank you. And happy she was. OK. Whatever it has yourself, writing. All these silly holidays. Oh, yeah, like I said, the Harold's got the Jewish B babies here again. When are you going to stop? Well, of course, they're never going to stop. See, I keep saying these things expecting. I might get some kind of a rise out of somebody and never works because you can't change human nature. Here's the bang my head against the wall. Like I made it. Now I just bang my head against the wall to get a response. Years ago, I used to bang my head against the wall thinking I was going to change something here. Oh, man. What a jackass. Forget it. Here we go. Logging onto the internet for Pesach live from New York. It's cyber-sater. And here's the picture of two of poor. Oh, I feel so bad for these little kids with their beanie's on. They are being baby. What? The beanie's. Yeah, the beanie's. They're our pretty. These are designer beanie's. With all kinds of little cha-chies on them. I don't know what those cha-chies are before. They're colorful. All of the people that force your kids to walk around looking like some kind of freak, with little beanie's on or whatever little cha-chie would imagine underwear, whatever superstitious crap you're forcing them to bring the sacrifice they're brain for. How sad it is. How sad it is. And finally, the hero. You know, when you're wrong, you're wrong, which is most of the time with them. And when you're right, you're right. Well, once every six months they come up and say something right. Even though it is at the very bottom of the editorial page today, I'll give you credits as praying for respect for students of all faiths. Public schools are not a place for public prayers. Exactly. When are you going to get the message? Okay. When do you go to understand? If you want to pray, pray at home, pray in church. Pray in the goddamn sidewalk. Pray in street. Don't subject other kids. I went through it in high school myself with those goddamn assemblies. In candidate when New York, they were like, maybe 10 of us Jews in the whole goddamn town. And we had to sit there. Oh, and the Lord's prayer. And Christ name it. Nice to sit there thinking, what kind of a bunch of Goisha crap is this? The law says you have to be there. So obviously when you start mixing religion in there, it's the violation of your constitutional right of the separation of church and state. Anybody would have to have a brain knows that. But the intolerant goods Christians out there and the other simple minded imbosal, all of there so much crime and so much violence and schools if we just get the kids to pray. Right. That's going to do it. You can schlep it. I'm the church all their lives and they mouth and mumble all these stupid meaningless things, other rich in English or Hebrew or whatever, they didn't even know what that means. Does that make him a better person? No. Damn straight it don't. Does that make him straight? No. Oh. It don't. 560, 50560. You know, where are the Panther people? Where's the P on? Here's the news that I told you. Okay, before anybody else, Pavelle Burre, you know who he is. Number 10, remember him? Ruski? Anybody got anything about that, huh? I come on here. I say I think this team still might make the playoffs as bizarre as this house. Carolina's folding up. They might actually wind up on home ice advantage with a third seed even as bizarre as it is. Anybody with any opinion on this show? No. No. Here's more waterdale. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. Pistoff. Fire up and Pistoff. Yeah, I'd like to speak about these. Have you just touched down there with the date counting in the school prayer? Yes sir. I saw a piece there on the NBC affiliate and they didn't even got members present these to others from the school board that are lobbying for this thing and you get people standing at that interesting. Marta Perez. Yeah, yeah. Another banana boat lady who doesn't understand what freedom is all about. Freedom separates the church in state and freedom from religious to superstition. It's pretty good when we have to have Mr. Simon from the ACLU go down there and stand upon the, and thank God for him. Oh, that's right. Thank God for him. And you've got people there in great numbers standing up saying it wasn't till metal and a hair to prayer out of the school to climb one up. As if religious acidity plays a role on climbing. Go on, you can't say it. Right. You couldn't be more far. They better go back and look at the sources of their religious acidity to buy one all these things. Nothing in there is consistent with anti-bite. If they want to bring their kids up with a proper values, whatever they consider are the proper values, that's their job to do it. Not the public schools job. That's their job in the church in the synagogue and all these other tentative world people to do. It's just one more mechanism for them to try to encroach. There you go. I wrote you. To Christianize America, to take it over to brainwashed a proper, to get birth to masses and make this into the Christian nation that they believe it is. You know, the one thing, fixing the misther kneel is even Jesus allegedly should he've existed in rotesting and Matthew. You know, some don't be hypocritent, don't pray in public. And here they are doing exactly. And now you're confusing them with the facts. Don't put it out. I can't do that. Thanks for your time. I'll say how to mark the Perez. It's a mark the Perez. Oh yeah, kids would be so much. Look at this one call on the board I got here. See, I talk about people killing you. That's what you're doing to me. You're doing to me what Claire Channel did to us on a herge. You people are killing me. You're killing me. They, after day, each and every day it's like reaching into my no wonder my kishki's are twisted. Like reaching right inside like those thorny Chinese operations I keep talking about. With the, with the chicken blood and just tearing my guts out. Desperately trying to engage these people in some kind of verbal intercourse and it just don't happen. Oh. Relentless bastards that they are. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No. There was no farmer who lived on a rock. Oh, he's adding the men who just say he's been dead. That some boys who worked out by the prick. They're being the water. They're in on their marbles and play things and at at last. Or their team was young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruggles and leases and white fluffy duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spend while the boys in a barnyard were there. The barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you thinly, your phone. Yet today's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow. Now by the duck, even a black-cup man with a side-a-thon home in the country. Will a big tent out front? If he had to phone like these, she'd show him her nits. Don't bet the who was subject to piss. And maybe she'd let him grab all the her small dinner and with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy. So take the made-up butterfly sky. And then he spread with cream all over her cup. She had left out on her shelf. If they'd do this in 30, you could go to yourself. I'm a 16-5. If you got that as long as we're talking about people dying and Bill Cosper, there was just a great guy. Did you know Bill Cosper? He was on the show once, and then he was. Great guy. I mean, a brilliant guy. I mean, one of the rare people. You have so few people have ever written for either newspaper in this town, or even the old newspaper or other, I mean, news. How you know how it climbed, where there's a good guy. How it is, why they come to all the games? Get depressed. But seriously, there have been so few people that were like really journalist. Three people of war that you've worked in for like a major market newspaper. Most of the rest of the guys, and these weather, their stringers, they're like, they know from nothing, you know, puts his like very jackass. But Bill Cosper was a brilliant guy. And I don't just say that because he used to write a lot of nice E, he even wrote a whole column about my broadcast of UN and baseball. He was one guy who appreciated what I did in the year in this town. Listen badly, great guy. But the other guy was Dick Casper. And you know, I know I've said this many times before, and probably most of you don't remember who to held the cast, or was Dick Casper put WMIQ on the air, which was the first FM rock station in the market. He put, uh, uh, why 100 on the air, which we still have to let him put that on the year in the format that it was. He put, uh, I envy in the first all news format in the market. To WNWS, which used to be WFA, B. Lafabaloso down there on Flagress Street, and made it into what it was the news and talk. The guy was a radio genius, and he dies. And again, he was fat all of his adult life. He had lost a lot of weight, but he was always very, very heavy guy. I mean, real big. But a great guy in reading this business, loved it. And a good friend. And uh, they went in just like what Sunny went in the house one day and found him dead. Was there much of anything written in the papers? No. And here, and again, here's the guy that was a radio pioneer that put all of these stations, all of these formats on here, and because Tom Jickle wasn't around here, when Dick Casper was doing his stuff, I mean, Tom, if you really wanted to be a journalist, and you were a good guy, like you Tom, but so I'll never ever forget the fact that here's a guy that dies in his town, who did so much for this business, and it was like it never existed. Like it never happened. Tom could interview me, could talk to a whole bunch of people. About the Casper and all the different things he accomplished. You could talk to Luke Cron, and what he's suffering could all those different people. About all the, you know, nothing. What have been to tough to you, right about something you don't know about? So typical of this town, you know, good people come along and they do good things, and that's it. They just vanish. Of course with me, I won't have to vanish because I don't exist anyway. Right? Oh, that's right. Here's a mobile and Carol City, hello. Yes, sir. Well, I've got a lot of things to say. Wait on, sir. Got all the time in the world. These bastards are dead in a door in the elegant. I'm a pair of these callers, man. I can't tell you this routine of this game we play. Everybody's like a cat and mouse game on a show. You know, I could tell that something's going on because usually when I go on the mobile, it takes me time after time to get through. I got through on the first push, you know? Yeah. I still got open lines in there now. Oh, man. Listen, I'm going to tell you something. You probably got disagree with me, but this is what I just agree. I just agree. Well, just a second interesting, you know. All right. Well, okay. I know you, you know, this whole thing with whammy was a bunch of crap as far as you were concerned. I liked it. But I have a feeling that haven't your face, you know, haven't your hand on the billboards, you know, gave you exposure. And now that that's over, I wonder if there's a correlation there. Coral, I say, between one. Well, you know, I mean, you could play in about not having the quote. Oh, sir. Phone calls don't mean anything as far as anybody. We would go through this for months now. The last trend that came out, we had, by the way, speaking of trends, when the next trend come out, should be should have been out already. You're probably hiding it. So we, you know, we had great numbers here. So when I had the biggest number I ever had in the market at INC in the midday, the phones went dead for like weeks. I remember going out on the front lawn and doing the show because nobody wanted to call. This has always been a dead ass, ton of. If I let the phone call dictate to me, how many people I thought were listening, I would have killed myself a long time ago. I would have gone to open up a two-shines stand. As long as the number's a good screw. How do you do a good? This is supposed to be a two-way talk show. People are supposed to call it and talk. I think people don't have an opinion about whether they're funny, whether they're stupid, whether they're serious, whatever it is. And these people I got on the same boat, anything. I'm supposed to be Mr. Hockey, Pavelle Burrino, as I've been predicting, is out for the year. They screwed up his knee over there with the first operation. He had to go to Alabama when the band you wanted to get operated again, the whole thing turned about and we could start. The knees people have anything to say on this show. No. And I go to the hockey games every guy didn't get, oh, kneel, there's kneel God. You know, I'm Mr. Hockey, but these people will not speak to me about it. Well, maybe if you're on a... If I was on a lot? You're on a sports station, but oh, you are. Oh, yeah. I mean, listen. Oh, yeah. That's right. I forgot. I'm just a novice. What do I know? These are the other shows. They're the experts on hockey. Yeah, you're not supposed to... You're just... Yeah, chairs vibe guts out when I hear them calling people that they know. Don't even like the game. And they're asking them questions about the hockey. I love that. Listen, another thing. Sunnyhurst. I mean, forget going to the funeral. You said the other day, you know, to me meant more. Because I mean, I lived in this town all my life. That's exactly my point. I, and like I said, the guy coming to me at a young guy at the hockey game parade night. And thanked me for the nice things I said. And I said him because I meant the night. Because I'm an asslicker. Sunny was a good guy. I liked him. I worked with him for a long time. He was a great guy. And liked by everybody. So by saying that, there are supposedly a few people listening to the show. I could do more by doing that than showing up at a funeral. And standing there, weeping over a dead body in the casket. It's not my style. And again, I don't put down anybody else who did. I think that was great what I did. But it's just, I just don't do that. It's not for me. Well, Sunny was great. And I really appreciate it. And listen, you did go to a funeral. Remember WNWS, that big procession? Yeah, that's right. You know, I was in that procession. That was a great funeral. Yes, it was. And the tombstone still around somewhere. Little bit, no, I love you. I had a lot of time. God bless you. Dennis Collins. That's for you. Two open lines on there. I want to get them all lit up. Okay. I'll just sit there. We'll take a photo. And we'll check again. What if he's doing it? Why would he keep coming back? He just like a cat that you keep keeping against the wall and say, go away. And he just keeps coming back. I'll see you that last day. What is it? 2003? Something I'll see you that day. And if you're healthy, we'll shake hands. Say thanks for a great job. And Neil, even if you don't meet it. And you know, you'll go your way. And I'll go my net. That's it. That's it. We don't speak the same language sweetheart. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Mobile in South Miami. Going once. Going twice. Well, I'll teach you to stay out of that part of town. Here's Hi Alia. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. God. Yeah. Thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making me closer. All right. I hate when people call a talk show and say, thanks for taking my call. I know I don't get to you. That's why I hate that. I mean, you're giving the numbers out. Why do you know why we respect people to make your call. So why should my take the call? You know, I hate they'll call up on the like on. See span around CNBC when they have these points and answer likes. We're trying to be a hollful of crap. Oh, well, thank you so much for taking my call. I want to know about GE. You know, big deal. Neil, yes. So then today, I haven't heard a single caller talk about. Costable. What is there to say? Well, what other of the fact that the Serbs are a bunch of barbarians and that they're burning people down and chasing them out of their homes and shooting school teachers and Father's students. And, you know, and what we're doing over there is a good start. But let's finish it off. Hey, I'm going to tell you. Is there anybody who disagrees with it? Anybody that wants my sympathy for the poor Serbs and all the other bullcrap. They can rotten hell. Mm-hmm. And, um, but they like I said before, if they would have stopped Hitler right in the start there, it's that a sit-in back with Neville Chamberlain, all that pussy foot in the run, then we wouldn't have to have a 10 million people croak. Mm-hmm. And correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't it all boil down to religion? Sure. Exactly. Correct. Every year, every place you look in the world virtually, there may be a couple of exceptions, but virtually every major conflict is because of religious differences. The Irish and the northern Irish and the Protestants and the Catholics and the Middle East with the New and the Pakistanis and the Indian. Ernie conflict, everywhere in the world is because of religion. You got people blowing up abortion clinics in the plant parenthood and shooting abortion doctors. All because of crazy religious people. That's what it's all about. Religion is crazy crap for crazy people. Exactly. Right, amen. And they're doing all this killing and these are Christians. Right. And well, they've got a good long rich history of killing it. Exactly. And it's ironic that it's holy week. So let's go out and kill all the Muslims. We can get a hands off. Bulls in them for holy week. Yeah, there you go. Any allowable shameless request? Yes, sir. I think it's metal and elders. She was kicked up by the Netherlands. Madeline elders are here. Okay, you got it. All right, thanks. You may be after me. I'm really sure it here is every great day, sir. I'll have you pay sock, do by the way. When I celebrate pay sock and highly. Okay, so let's just have the Jewish holidays for the eating part, okay? That's all. And fourth is July and Labor Day for the drink and the beer and get in drunk parties. That's fine. Roston the Weenies out there. Nothing wrong with the hot Weenie. But all these religious stuff. I'm telling you, folks. It's a bunch of crap. Be Jewish Beanie Babies. I mean, why? I go to those games that I see these these young guys 12 and 13 and 14 years old with these schmothes Rain in there here. They got those the designer little Chatsky's there. Those little Muggen dovids Yeah, that's what they are What are you laughing about that's a star David is a Jewish star is a Muggen dovid Why don't you learn something about real religion okay? You're a little Catholic Learn about religion that preceded yours that you guys ripped off you're like the Randy roads of religion You're like the Paul Castro Nova of religion your rip off artist. Yeah, why are they wearing those things underhead Why are you making them do that doesn't it look awfully silly to all of us? Doesn't it look silly? Oh, thank you. Well, he looks silly I understand he had the Reverend sure around there again sucking his ass Larry you're at your disgrace, but at least everybody knows it Oh Ё in science Uh. I'm just, I just mentioned that in passing. I mean, I don't really care about that, but it's really interesting. All right, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, where I was flying line, 8 just rang it with George Corso, our correct engineer. Checking out that line, which I think maybe actually working now, or working on it. Sony didn't live the third week, only the middle of the third week that we're in these new studios up here. Don't expect things to be, it won't be a good one, don't they? One phone line. Yeah, that's right. And the fact that they don't roll over, they do these all these mysterious things. Don't be worrying about that. It just can't solve it anyway. What? That's true. Hey, listen, I got more on there now. We've had a last two weeks. Here's a pay full and a four-later nail. Hello. Yeah, sir. I was Ray Malan and the man with the X-ray eyes, not the invisible man. Yeah, whatever it was. And I know about those, um... Yeah, okay, yeah. Forgot to the eyes. He can get through. The other people allegedly, they can't get through, but the gravity eyes, you get through. Don't you understand, we don't want to talk to you, can we? Don't want to speak to you. We'll give you the signal in about six months, if I'm in a real good mood one day. If I'm still alive by this, we'll give you the signal, say, today is okay for the guy with the eyes. That's right. We'll give you that little, you know, thing on a palm of your hand. From a distance, if you take a bath first. God. Well, what does it take? The people you want to speak to, which quite frankly, I have no idea who they are. And that's what I like. I don't want to know the people I'm talking to. Do you follow what I'm saying? I don't want to talk to chronic regulars, especially people who have been banned from the show. Just like that cat, you keep slamming it against the wall and picking it up and heaving it. And heaving it and whack it against the wall. And it comes back, me out and loves up against you, like it makes you nauseous. And you just want to die. Just hi Carlos. Speaking of die. By the way, Carlos is a great guy. But if you notice that his hair is a little bit different color every day. Have you ever noticed that? Like some days or I mean, yellow. I don't know what to do with the versatile man. Okay. That's what he said. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, not to show disrespect, but didn't funny also smoke cigarettes. Yes. And well, I know. And I wanted to say show disrespect. Listen, I mean, the guy is dead. If the things that he did, it's like me being fat, eating all that sugar and stuff, if somebody can benefit from that and realize that you're killing your stuff. That would be a positive thing. That's nothing disrespectful. Okay. He smoked any ate too much and he had a heart attack, a coronary artery disease. And he died many, many years before he showed up. And it's tragic. And Neil, is it true that when hadery barrel gets out of rehab, he is going to replace the worst team? Yes. Oh. Oh. If he ever gets out. By the way, you know, we're talking George and I before the show today about people dying in funerals. And George said about the only person who's funeral, he thinks he would go to be Roger Magdalene. He would dance on his grave. Is that what you said? I thought it'd bring noise makers for you. Yeah, right. Party favors, noise makers, and all the booze. He just wanted to take your job. Why do you hope so? It's a grudge, okay? He did a great entertainment report. I'll say that. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound, five, six, the only 18. He was always nice to me. Huh? I never had any problem with him. So that's unusual. See, we finally found somebody that I, I, I, I like him. He's okay. And you don't. Now that's unusual. I was as nice to him as anyone could have been any stabbing. Although I will say this now. Who was tell me my friend Dave? You know, big Dave? Huh? He was over the house. He was telling us that you're an asshole. And I said, based on what? He said, oh, I'm sure the George stabs you behind the back of you. And then he's home with full butt. And somebody who saved those things. Well, I, I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't even mention it if I thought it were true. Why you so aghast? How can he get that impression from me? He said you're a professional little cuban. So what we know of that? I love my game. And by the way, let me just say this to you, okay? By the way, George admitted off the area. Yesterday about that one, the sixth thing about straight and gay, not the admitted He's full of crap, but it sounds better on me. It went since, well, I actually, I don't like that. Can you identify sexual? No, the bisexual, the ones who have to, if they want to, they got a buy it. You know what I mean? You only first did that. Yeah. I could think of something. And there's nothing wrong with that. I don't know, put that. I think that's fine. Yes. You want to go out there? I mean, you know, I mean, I'm not talking about out here like what was his name that from Atlanta. What was his name? Eugene Robinson was that his name? That the sparks, I mean, that football player. Trying to get a little, he was just trying to get a little head of the pack. What's wrong with that? But I'm just saying, what was I saying? Saying that you hate gay to make someone homophobic? Yes. Why would he get that impression? I don't know. Why should he care anyway? He's the straightest person I've ever known in my life. Why should he care? Huh? He's just very protective, you know. He likes that N.S.X. Because a mobile and like words, hello. Yeah, hey. Everybody, I know likes their cars. Yes, sir. Listen. All these guys are doing. They got their eyes on it. Yes. They did have all these kids and did their go on the school. You know, this religion pushed on a lot. These are the ones like these Arkansas kids that are shooting up this other kids in the school. They were the ones that ran like I said yesterday. Their ministers for guidance after they've done the seed. They had been brought up in his real real religious. In fact, the more religious the home, the more neurotic the kids, you see that every time. That's the final result what happened. Right. And this night stalker, Guy and California remember him here to go? Sure. Yeah, he was his parents were big in religion. What happened to him? Right. Right. Yeah. Exactly. You take away when you're fired somebody's brain would a lot of bull crap. Then they very often tend to go on straight. All but that's not the American way. This is a Christian country. Yeah. Right. Whatever you say. Okay. Costless. 20 of all. But I'm there. Maybe even. I'm there. Maybe even. My work. But like George said, we'll never get them. And he calls that the role over and over. That's a problem. Never be able to test it because we just can't keep it up. Fine. What did we get one call about Pavellbury at? No. No. You know what this reminds me of when the panthers and as much as I despise the Murray's both of them. Get Brian all accredited. Well, that was a steal of a dealer was one of the great steals and history of L sports. Get in Palm Elbury and hear for a special ed and Dave Gange to unload his salary. And also bread ahead of him at the time. That's one of the great deals. That's gone BM. And I come on year breathless the next day or whenever the hell it was. And nothing. I was doing the same thing then. I'm doing now pushing and pleading and trying to say anybody know who this guy is. No. No. No. 567. 0560. 550. On the AT&T wireless lines. Why do you go to fuels and can we come to your race? 21 till noon to 560. WQM. You want to hey listen I guess after the funeral's over and everybody goes and sits down and eats like a Jewish funeral. And then you're a sit back and you'll light up a nice dog. What's wrong with that? I don't know about the Christian funerals very much. But I know with Jews it's always like after when you kind of have a party and celebrate a little bit. And it's I don't know why but it's a tradition because we make any excuse to eat and then light up a great dogy. Well great what the real depressing the Christian funerals unless you're Irish or KSU. Can you light up a cigar after you have your 20 or 30 beers? Hey there's nothing like like not a great dogy from Nick cigar. No matter what the occasion might be. Maybe like in fact once if it's not being morbid with the dying. Let's talk about somebody is born. Okay. You have a baby it's all tradition to give out a cigar. Give out some great cigars like those per normal reserves from Nick's. Fuck it in and hold it. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Life Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every crowd there is a solution. Hi I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun. Stay scared there's a shit out of people and timid aid dammit and giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for beer? Or if it can be in store. Take chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. To simple solution a life's complex process. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court. Hell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares. By the dancing of the street. Just sigh a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative. The working problems out. If you consider the population controls. Yes, handguns. They just might make a face. Some 44 or 560 WQM boys. Good thing I don't have one in the studio. I'll tell you that. I might go out and shoot somebody. Put him out of his misery. Not myself. 560 5050. You know this. I'm a nurse. We got a game tomorrow night. The islanders are very big game. Outenders of course. And the arrangers by the way had a telebutt-time beating the islanders last night. The game that means nothing to the islanders. And arrangers desperately hoping to keep their outside chance for a playoff spot alive. And arrangers to be honest with you. They're really suck. But a big paint roll over there is. And they suck. They're in embarrassment. But we got a hell of a shock to win. I can't do it. And really still have a chance to make the playoff. Because Caroline has got to play Philadelphia night. They got a tough schedule. I think I got to play Ottawa twice. Or is that us? Well, whatever they still got a tough schedule. Yeah, that's damn. That's got to do that. And the thing with Pavel Brey, I see here at now a quarter to 12. And just like I said, the day that the came on the year the first day, I would have been on vacation. And I'll come back after that weekend in the trade. It just been made a couple of days before. And I'm all excited about it. And it's the same thing I'm going through now. Why do those people at those games? Why do they all come running out? Oh, no. What is that all about? It's funny is what it is. You know, I love Sean Burk. He's done a great job. I'm glad they hit him on. I heard that this morning on the worst team. Thank God for you, Sean. Or would you like 20 points out of the playoffs? He's been phenomenal. Far better than we could have ever expected. Sensational. Although you don't have to rip the bees are okay to make the case. Little talk. Okay. Always easy to rip somebody when they're gone. But at any rate. He didn't make one comment. Don't I thought, yeah, Sean, you haven't been here all that long. You know, when he talked about, well, he was really surprised that I'll end to the game. The fans were knowledgeable. Yeah, I mean, yeah, we put a lot of people in there, Sean, but I hate to break the news. They, they're clueless. They are clueless. Big time. What is that you're checking? This is the colleague of mine. I know it's the colleague of mine. I know that in the guy, that's why I didn't rip money. He says, go on here and rip the colleague of people. They didn't show up. I didn't say that. Yes, you did. You said those colleague and people are a bunch of assholes. I said, no, they're not there. My friends. It was my fault anyway. I called the wrong people. If you were to talk to our friends here, you would have gotten all the water. You would have gotten water up the way. Okay. Okay. Water on you. Okay. The love is to call again. Just sign on the dotted line and the prices right. Thank you, sir. God bless the colleague and man. That's what I say. And by the way, if any of the people from the, I don't want to, you know, I don't care Like I said before, I don't look for any recognition because I'm never going to get it anyway. But I just mentioned these things because I'm not going to pass silently into the night. If you know what I mean. Have any of our good friends on this end of the building. Thank you for supplying them with all that water. I'll be underlings. Yeah. Me anyway. Oh, they thanked you. Have they come in here and thank you? They're not scared of you. Good. Keep it that way. And by the way, Cory, I don't go to funerals. You're a good guy, Cory. I don't go to funerals. Okay. So mind your own business. Ever since I mentioned the fact that you don't look bad all the sudden. He's got an attitude. What do what that means? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Me or how you doing? Great. Long time listener. You're great man. Yes, I am. This is this town only knew what they had here. Man, if they only had any idea what they had. I'd be in trouble. Listen to things. Yes. Stop complaining, man. I'm complaining about the equipment and the state and all that. Sir, I'm going to do whatever I want to do. Okay. Please. We'll decide it over that. Sir, let me tell you. Let me tell you how a great job. Let me tell you. I have a great job with stop complaining. Well, how about this? How about stop breathing? How was that sound? Stop wasting the air that somebody living in. We love your show but stop complaining. No, I will not. I'm going to tell it exactly the way. Because you know what? It's sometimes works. Like now they're working previously on the phone system. I do it because it's the only way to get through to these bastards. And usually even that doesn't work here. Because they don't speak the language. 560-50560-5560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I love your show but stop saying this. Stop saying that. Stop doing this. Yeah, right. Go down there and shake hands with Iliana. Rosanna Dan. Okay. Go shake her thing. Go shake her booty. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Mobile in Kendall. Going once. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Yeah, hi, honey. Yes, sir. I turned on to Redsland because you know what we've been taught. We've been talking about all week. There was a diamond Mr. S. Yeah. I mean, doesn't get any much more gay than that. His name was Mr. Reckon. Yeah. And they put these gorgeous girls into sparse throughout the crowd with all the guys. Like this one gorgeous girl showing cleavage with the, you know, in all these guys. That's all. That's what they'll be safe. Yeah. Now, about religion, I'm very happy to be able to give me a chance to argue with all my relatives and some an atheist. Oh, yeah. And I could explain to them. No, I, I asked you other day and I was serious. I asked for one Jew to call in and explain to us what all this Passover business is. And why you have to drink the wine, anything, unloving bread, the mussel that's still cardboard and the thing about the, all, all these things. Because we didn't want to shave our head like you'll bring us. Work for him. Work for Wayne High Pinga. I guess so. Okay. That's what's true. God bless you, sir. I'd like to. And happy circus. Yeah. I asked for one one Jew to call in. That's what we got a lot of you to laugh out there listening to these two or three. And I explained to us what another one of these silly holidays means. Did we get a response? No. Did we get a response on Pavelbury? No, I don't know what to do in a funeral. No. No. No. You know, that's what I'm going to do. I got like three and a half years left. That's my goal. Everybody likes to sit goals in life. Financial goals. Other goals. My goal is that someday I'll say something on your show. And I'll actually get a call responding to the question or the statement or the comment. That's what I, that's a dream of mine. Remember Martin Luther King had a dream. Neo Rogers has a dream. I know it's unrealistic. I know it probably isn't going to happen. Three and a half years ago, by like like lightning. But just some day, somewhere somehow. And don't bother me at the hockey game tomorrow. Okay, don't even pretend. I said that the other day I was joking now and getting serious. I'm getting serious because I can't stand this. There is no possible way. No way. That anybody could be a panther fan, a hockey fan, and she'll open that arena. And I haven't been in about what school of what just happened here. This is a major event. A major devastating blow. But on the other hand, we still got a shot to get in there. It's a miracle. And they're worried about us. Are they going to get their playoff ticket money and want money back? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neo. I'm calling up. You know what I'm saying? You're the first lady in two days. I didn't have one lady all day yesterday. Okay. We're looking out there if abandoned me totally. Nice going, ladies. I'm not abandoning you. And I'm calling about the paville very thing. And I'm very upset about it. Yeah. And, you know, yeah, we have a chance to make the playoffs. But realistically, what are our chances in the playoff without them? Well, that's true. You know. But I mean, first of all, you got to get ever know what's going to happen. You know, you never know who you're going to mind up playing. And you can get hot, huh? Oh, exactly. And I went listening this morning when the work team decided to rip up the beaver when they were talking to Burke. And I thought it was kind of disgusting. Well, why does why? I mean, Joe Rose was nothing about hockey. He goes there and he schmoses with the guys. He's the free food. He knows nothing about hockey. Why does he feel he has to be another Jeff Remer Jr. You know, Remer is a good friend of mine. But he hates John Van Bees where he despises him. He hates him like poison. Okay. He watches the flyers play when he ever can get their games on TV, hoping the bees will give up like nine goals in two minutes. You know, why? He gave us four great years. Exactly. But 50 year, you had some rough spots, most of which were created by the men has been anyway. And then he moved on. Why do we have to knock him now? I don't get it. Oh, it's so close. Oh, it's all over. Five years. The crowd with the bees are being used. There are any comes back here. And most of the people are booming the crap on them. I don't boo him and it showed absolutely no class. They shouldn't even mention these are. I'm not going to do it with it. I wish him nothing but the best. I hate the flyers. I hope they lose every game. But if he plays a great game and he lose one nothing. That's good enough for me. You know what I mean? I don't wish him any bad. I rooted for them spending against the range. There's only because the one rough wasn't playing. Right. You know, but I hate them too. But yes, I root for Bees or I hope he has a good year and all that. They get a lendross by the way. There's the dirtiest player in any sport right there. Exactly. He only got two games for that hidden the post of Peter Nedbett. The fact that he only got two games shows you the NHLs a bunch of phonies. Exactly. Because he's a winner of that boy. Not only not only the high stick in the face, but like I happened to away from his eyeball. Nice going Eric. I'm saying Eric. So tired to don, Cheering. Everybody else making up excuses for him. He's the dirtiest player in the game today and then any sport today. But then he goes around talking about his brother and concussion. Yeah. He's having this at any other. But he's out there giving him all of it. But he goes out and poke somebody's eye out. Well, he didn't realize it. He didn't realize it. He didn't know it. Exactly. Okay. Like I wanted to support you. God bless you. Thank you. See, leave it to a lady to call who knows something about the Pawel beret in about hockey. These guys out there and I'm so, oh my God. Now you see now it's 30th of March. You know what's coming up in about 2.5 weeks, don't you? April 17. The NFL. Oh yeah. Another call up about the football again. See, one dimensionally, one dimensional, one horse and buggy town. And even that they don't know what they're talking about. That's that's that's the limit of their interest football football football. On the 30th of March. That is so far from my mind. I can't begin to tell you anything else in the world. That's further from my mind than football. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. They're saying in the hairl that the hurricane actually have a late schedule. However, hockey is the only sport I know where teams with the losing record and how to play off because of the pride they have and what they play. Right. Unlike other sports. They love being honest. Like the founders last year, I'm going to tell you they gave the Rangers a run for their money last night. Gretts gave them square. When they go to like 2 minutes left in the game. Exactly. And they don't lay down. Right. So it's one of these things where. Well, I mean, we got to go out there and win a lot of games. Oh sure. And you know, Carolina is staggering. I mean, they are ready to be had. The least part of the crap out of them last week. Yep. And they blew a 3-1 lead against Tampa at home the other day. They're losing it. And in the Pawelbury situation. Am I upset that he's not going to be there? Yes. But in the long run, he's got 5 years remaining on a contract. Right. I'd rather have the man to help the. Right. And pushing to the limit. And thank God we finally send to a real surgeon over the mountain. Yeah. And we'll get him straight and not in the'll do it right. And you know where. Yep. And you were right about another thing, I at least with Joe on the more it worse came this morning. At least he made a comment. What's going on with the medical doctors? Right. That's right. Why don't they pick up on this? I mean, and if they do pick up on it, wife forced the issue. Maybe they like all those Cleveland Clinic ads up all around the walls on the arena. Yeah. I guess you got to pay for the sweet somehow. There you go. All right. I have a great day. I've got a lot of work on that. I want to ask what's going on. Yeah. And we've got a lot of work on that. So, you know, if you got it up in line, 560, 0.560, pound, five 60 on the 18 T wireless lines. See, the thing about funerals, that's to more read for this crowd. They don't want to. You know, let's people don't die. Somebody just made that up. Nobody dies. I mean, does that make me a bad guy? Because they don't go to the funeral. Oh, yeah. Makes me disrespectful and a piece of crap. people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD, your prayers have been answered. Now, through a special arrangement with a Vatican, his holiness is back, and he's singing better than ever on the Pope's sing. See, the Lord made the Lord introduce myself, my name is Paul John Wall. Yes, it's Paul John Paul II, singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down. Turn around, there's something late that organ new is a quiet boy. Play the organ music, raise! Play the organ new is a quiet boy. Play it on and play the organ music tonight. Which might be so good. So, Pope sings, gives you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope's your own. Oh, there's a Pope, Pope! How much better than the owner of the Pope in heaven? He's the father, and on this CD, he's a boss. You should be playing things. You should not open and get a church play, I think, if you want to. You're helping the poor if you lose your church, come up and play things old. Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep! Be 80, beep, beep! Oh, oh, 60, I need to find these two. Wait a minute, chief. So, Pope sings is a bit of a malnourous special introductory price. Get it, who saved yourself? $5 per week, there's no fact in the church. I'm sure, $1.5, 60 WQAM. To show you the world is crazy, which I've been telling you for 500 years. Poverty rose in Britain's threefold in the last 20 years. These are the people that are still supporting the royal family, the queen, and then a whole bunch of going over there. One person in the five is living in poverty. And in Britain, three times as many as 20 years ago, according to a government report released Monday. The study, both of the view that poverty increased dramatically under the 17 year rule of the Conservative Party, Margaret Thatcher in a Constubated John Major, which ended in 1997. One person in five in Britain is living in poverty, but they're still running around with the queen and her crowns and the jewels and the all the trotskies and Prince Philip for him. I would like to say the yesterday would have been uniform and all of the crap on it. How do you like that? Talk about people living in the Stone Age who refuse to come into the 20th century before it ends. Are you staying? Oh my God. Millions and millions and millions and millions and billions that have got on us how much money they've poured in to pay the queen and her royal family of Constubated Asoles of horny year than now are idiots and God they are horny. They had a very Prince Edward off by the way. Oh yeah, well until that's three. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, thanks for taking my call. You got a lot for making your call. Well, I'll know about that Prince Edward. Do you have a wife, you know? Oh, we know. Circumstised Jew from Leo, I care how you're doing. Oh, right. I thought we could. I wanted to give you a couple little tidbits, little couple of things. First of all, I always love the panthers, but when we heard about Pavel, when we got Pavel, my son and my self, now we were so so ecstatic and the fear is so crushed. And I'm crushed, but he was actually almost a client when I told him what happened. I don't think Ryan Murray felt. Yeah, I'd better. I'm asking. I'm rounding and I see a tears over there. Well, they asked you a question. This is the same thing. He had the problem with him the past. I mean, is there? I mean, is he, is it a career threatening situation where you may lose? I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even guess because you never know how these things are going to heal. I wouldn't have it again. I mean, I think that's the same thing. Well, we hope he'll be back as the same Pavel berid that we always know. And you know, with an e-injury, sometimes they do, and sometimes they don't. This guy, I mean, he's on the ice, especially on art, and you got a bunch of mediocre. You got the tri-hard, but I mean, he's head and shoulders. I mean, he's so much fun to watch. I mean, when I told my son, I see he's seven years old. I'm like, I told you. I thought this guy was about the collapse. And anyway, one more click of thing, if I may. Yes, sir. I'm not crazy about Joe. Not crazy about the other kid. But, Kelly, Kelly's all right. But I must say, man, default makes me ill. Yeah. That's one man's opinion. Based on what, what is it that aggravates you? What is it that's a common economy, the economy bit, and he's always. The corner of your one line is. Very quirky one line. You think the genius thing, you know, he's just, you know, there. But this one has a pin and I'm sorry, I'm only show blows. I'll definitely pass it along. Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it along to the appropriate parties. Hey, default, this guy thinks you blow, okay? And the quit eating so much. 560, 560, 560, out of the way. Where's our pass over calls? Where's our pop out? Burricle? Where's our funeral calls? Where's our dick cash per call? Where's the bill cost for call? Do these people know about anybody? Now, this is the same town where Mel Allen dies. They got nothing to say about him. Look at all the important people that tremendous people that have died. And I come on here, practically in tears. My childhood idol, Mel Allen dies. Who? Exactly. Even you knew who that was. Some sports guy? No, all you didn't like him because his name was Mel Israel. He was Jewish. That was his real name, brother. Here's my Emmy. Hello. Hello, Mel. Yes, sir. The last bitch. How you doing, Neil? Great. I'm the opposite. I'm one of these people at the car rental center. I'm reluctant to go over and say hello, but I'll give you a call about Bob L. Okay. Do you think they brought him back to early after the first one? Could they? That could be it. Four of those things that you'll never really know. Yeah, and hopefully we'll have the next year. Other things. I'm a cat lick. And on the Bible, I'll come into New Testament. They had to write it four times. It's the same version of the story, four times over. Right. And if you go back to ancient religions that were invented long before Christianity, you see a very similar story over and over again with birds and birds and crucifixions and resurrections and all that same old stuff. I've been had to tell it four times the same thing. But anyway. You got to do it to get it right. Just like you're doing right. Right. On callers, you, I don't know. I've been waiting a long time. So you must be getting some calls. But if you listen back to George's first show, you start in a 10-minute diet drive of reducing the average caller to the dog meat and trailer trash. Yeah. That could be it. I think you had a good point. That's true. Well, if you want to. Thank you. Have a great day, sir. Yeah, I was seriously mad. I've been, that's not the thing. I've always said that the most callers have nothing to say. And they call the suck the answer over their talking. That's true. And it makes them feel like useful. And though, don't you think that, I wouldn't you agree with me that, well, no, when you come right down, wouldn't no matter what is. And this would be just to make it more interesting. Just to get the juices flowing as opposed to just sitting around having a suck face. I'm tired of suck face. I told you that a long time ago. Too much suction in his town. Too much everybody. Kissy, kissy, kissy, each other's ass. Okay. I'm not going to come on here and say that George's a gacky is a great talent because he was there with Sonny's funeral there, but I'm not going to say that. Am I going to say that? Just a gacky sucks. Okay. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Evan's here, hello. Hey, how's it going now? Great. I just had a few comments actually. Oh, I'm going to take two or three hours. Be my guest. Thank you. I appreciate it. First of all, I'm happy that's over. It's coming up soon. Same to you. And you. Good y'all. Good y'all. Good y'all. Good y'all. Good y'all. I don't really know much about the game, but I enjoy watching it. And I'm trying to learn and I listen to it every day, I'm driving a work at all the day and appreciate all things that you've taken. It's really helping me understand. You know, I want to take a look at it. I want to take a look at it. I just want to tell you one thing. This is mine. I'm making this up. I was sticking this. I was at the game the other night. Who the hell will we plan? Who will we plan the other day? Oh, it's Jersey. The Jersey. Yeah. And I'm sitting there. I'm thinking to myself. Because I mean, we really need the last 10 minutes in the overtime. Turn it into a pretty exciting game. And I'm thinking anybody who pretends to be a sports fan or who works on a sports station, like the people I'm surrounded with here who isn't really a died in a whole hockey person. They're assholes, man. How can you be a sports fan and not love hockey? I don't know. It is so much harder. I'm excited. And all the other sports put together. There's no comparison. It really is. How can you compare football where they line up. They run a play. Then they go back to the hotel. They hold hands and they go up 69. And up your nose. Hi, and then I'm in a later day run another play. I mean, there's more action in 30 seconds of a good hockey game and in a whole football game. I really agree with you. I think there's a good correlation. Like if you look at baseball, baseball is a great sport because it combines such a great intensity in like this split moment. It's so intense. But hockey. Yeah. When you look at hockey, I mean, it has the same kind of intensity. But instead of just taking a pitch and throwing it back to the pitcher and spending that time. Not watching. Watching your watch and hanging out at the same time. Exactly. You watch action all the time. Same intensity because the same exciting thing happened when like a goal score. You know, I think there's a good correlation there. But back to what I was going to ask about. About Pablo Burray. I heard you talking a few minutes ago about how they were like messing them up, sending them to some place that he wasn't getting proper treatment or whatever. I wouldn't. Yes. The Cleveland clinic. Is that the top of the problem with this? I mean, I don't know, but it's just the scene of like a strange coincidence that the panther's alter you go into the official abducters of the team and they just can't seem to get anything right, you know? Yeah. It's very funny. We'll get back to you to go back up north to get his back checked out because he's out for the season now. It seems like all of our guys that we tend to get injured, they're just maybe not getting the kind of care that they ought to be getting. Yeah. I don't know. I definitely agree with you. It's creating some problems and they're having some paths too. Another thing I want to say is I've been over the year a few times and a lot of times I was there this time somewhere. I went to the Vatican and I walked in with a couple of my friends and a couple of them got stuck out. They just kind of closed the doors and lock us in there because the pope was making some making one. On a unregistered appearance or something because there was a death of one of the bishops or something. I don't know. Something happened with that. I don't really know much about the religion. It's good. I haven't actually brought up in the Jewish way from us. Stay way away from all of the hell. It's so funny to look at these people. It's definitely costume. They're accomplishing their work for like a million five. Right. That's right. The rest of the society. All the people. All the people. What's that? All the slepherds coming given their lives. Paces those in all of the world. Yeah. It's amazing. And this thing to go. I've been over to England. And you see it's amazing. How much money and how much money. How much time and effort is dumped into these people. These are who are just born into. Right. I get this little. That's right. More than the time. All these Germans posing is. Yeah. Well listen. Have a great day, pal. And Ray Whitney's God. Ray Whitney has a pair as somebody said. 560, 560, pound 560 out of mobile line. Well we've got 428 open lines waiting on you. No waiting instant except we've got to do commercials of course. Because we're way past the break. It's 11 pass no in a QAM. So that the Zard even loves Neil Rogers. Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their 5-hole person better? Well I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of YouSank My Martyr comes a game the whole family can enjoy. Cruise a fiction. Cruise a fiction is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible. And the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. Be careful. If you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets Neil. Um, I'll play the desk. Um, how about a kid? No, sorry Billy. Can I start a Jesus? After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry in three days you can play again. So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Comes with the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear. A clud, wooden cross and hammering not included. Crucifixion, up for out of eternity brothers. Post 16 with 550, 72 and still waiting in a way. I'm going to find out if that line eight is working or not because of we'll never get to first seven all filled up. Whenever you can come close to that. How are we? Let's see. We'll still got a dial tone on it. But it's hand that for three weeks. That doesn't mean it's going to ring. See, we got to get the other seven all lit. We still got the 80 500 of those not lit up. So we'll never find out. And why are they doing that by the way during the show? Is there any special reason about for that or one? That's the phone company. You know how they give you that window. We'll be there between seven a.m. And midnight. Yeah. And I guess the 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Denver. Hello. Red Wing sucks. Yeah. That's just how we start most conversations in Colorado. Uh-huh. And I end. And I end. And I got to say one more thing. Can you get this as Zik guy off the air? You get all these automation ads in Denver. And it's too much. How about if we just send them over there and you can handle them. How's that? No, we don't want them. They'll they can go back to doing this. Okay. Well, thanks for your great calls. Sure. There's a column mobile in Denver on his dime. He's spending the money to make that call to this guy. Have anything to say? No. No. Stay in Denver. Okay, pal. We'll send them a put-boughty. We'll wrap them up. Like a mummy. We'll send them in a big package. Well, they don't have 60 and pump 560 on the mobile one line. Oh, my God, are they proving us right or what? Here's the round. Here's the round. Hello. Hey, Leo, it's the there's no five thing to church guy. How you doing? Okay. I got a new word for you for all these, a Cuban who use that call. And you want to get rid of their call. You just say, ah, ranka. Which means. Take off. Beat it. Get the hell out. And don't call us again. Okay. Aranka. 560550 you don't know that word yeah but i'm just wondering if that was really him if it was really who the no-fax was not they both act in the church that's the guy that would be uh... the one that went to roll man he uh... did it with saying same peter or somebody's peter and that's the other guy who knows who this guy you see you're starting to try to make like a story here just don't try to make any logic of it all you just got to say and call these people on to the dog meat or whatever horse meat direct whatever you said you said i didn't i love the colors no here's a mobile pitty ford in my any hello hello yes sir in the uh... southbound the turnpike right at five ninety five they're pointed at me and also there's uh... i've just came up peter row before i get on the turnpike yeah and they were right up a guy writing his bike and i couldn't believe it right in a bicycle of bicycle right in a bicycle spitter something he'd able they had them over there right in the ticket okay thanks for the good news all right okay there you go ticket in america jay walking five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we got to get those first seven lines live even if you don't want to say anything so we can see a flying eight works are realized everybody with a brain is out of town is week but we got to get seven going on here so we can do a phone check on here okay and you people can't get up to do it just a light up the lines okay just to see if we can make a line eight ring can you do that for us i realized that we're really putting you out in the middle of your very very busy lives is it possible after six hundred years of sitting here sleeping over a dead phone that we can get you to do that is it don't answer i love the then then they'll get pissed off just to see if the other ones flash if line eight will roll over and ring because i know it won't waiting for four will wait for six look at that line eight ran for but welcome forward six didn't ring they might not be on the same truck hello is there somebody on here is there actually no they didn't see now everybody else has to keep bringing it hello meal are you on w q a m line eight yes i'll write here's the first one hey that's ever party all right god bless you sir thank you no thank you so much see that that was simple there's a good guy that's all we want it we're not going to taxi i realize most of you got enough of a say i understand that i've met a lot of you okay believe me i know but right there that was a great american right whoever the hell i was god bless you sir thank god and also for the other people that were like didlinia the lines to to move that over there to get that thing working man oh man the the effort it reminds me of crook muller i've always said never has anybody made so much effort with so little result as crook muller the last two years and i think the same thing is happening right here that was simply i got i got a quiver in my rectum just here in this here at that line work just seeing it light up in our buddy in there the other oh well a follow the final working right i'm just making it up okay because of a miserable nasty bastard nobody's gonna come to my funeral i'll dance on my grave okay Greg here's a mobile in pombie chillah yeah sure got to do set i know it great i had to play this to go up to the game the other night against the practice i was sitting way but the fun of you about to lose down against two i guess the tennis oh naturally i fried in a truss yeah we are game was it pretty weak yeah pretty boring i think the two points but it was pretty yeah i was the the kid that i thought i'm not really a match with them hockey i played professional soccer for long time and i was a kid sorry yeah i'll go ahead yeah i really appreciate it the game pretty much the first couple period but the last year last period was pretty much nothing coma inducing i think you're trying to say so i appreciate you knowledge on hockey fair i mean i've listed the radio i've listed you all the time yeah well thank god that i'm in his counter this is the hockey vacuum here i'll be happy to be in and t and boys yeah you're doing a great job there so i am thank you sir thank you so much soccer max not in stay off the road when we got a hockey game going by the way don't call up the goddamn arteries oh shouldn't say that five six feet that was a split of the tug and i feel bad that i said that don't call up the highways sir when we're trying to get to our hockey games with your soccer stuff and send all those people from Brazil back where they came from and tell them to dress up like a man or whatever they are five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile and top my any hello any oh yes sir the long time listener i think your show is the best when you're on theta with the bird yeah that's great we got to bring back the bird no i think it's your you need to do a three five kicks you know like how it has and yes and both of all another half of those people in here right i mean you're great but it's great to have supporting uh yeah that's right i think you know i have to worry about stupid phone calls you sit here and you suck around like they do on a morning show on this stage you know maybe that's why they're doing those big numbers how I'm morning show oh what could have been on the morning well i mean i did point yeah if you bring um and then maybe sand major in there yeah there you go i would do it yeah or jolly riddle oh that will definitely put us over the top i think we get up to a one share with jolly you're great and uh but how are it's great too but he has to have robin you know and bread and jacky right the show is great on theta it was a best show that that i ever heard it's probably the first of all we're on FM so we didn't have to go searching out for the audience to raw ready there you know we're saying when you're on AM it's it's it's impossible and it's a miracle that we do what we do on an AM station and a special station like this one at uh runs 80 minutes response an hour the rest of the day it doesn't really care what kind of crap they put on a year how could a bush week can like Orlando have a 100 lot FM top station but but my make it the year on AM on on a sports station it's an epic isn't it if we were on FM i could do double the number we do and we could do a 12 share easy you know it's bob green and and all those people with with cops if they would have put you on FM oh yeah we had all the promises over there and all the rumors we were going to be on FM and we're going to do this and then all guess what we just sold the stage you're going to work for packs and good luck as you'll need it i mean it was very nice they really stuck it to his boy they abandoned us like a bunch of steps over and over there that done can you imagine i don't talk it to him baby i showed them a thing or to a making twice the money i was making over there and they can stick it on don't shine okay we can you all do it because they're running around behind our backs you know they take my family still hungry is a great town he's a good guy but they take him to dinner that i'd be for and tell him what they're going to sell the station and they're going to do this and in the meantime the rest of us including me which i'm supposed to have been a big shot over there including me my good friends bob and share all of everybody also over there all we have to go in a little meeting that i stayed at a ding dong school so little two foot tall bob needle can tell us wow i got better things to do than this kind of stuff but we just sold it we can't make any money maybe packs and can make money with you losers goodbye you know that bob they everybody cut us loose that's right that ava brine treated us like swill that bitch i'm not sure what the last one was but i think i know amen sir god bless you you know who your friends are see it's not an active a friend to keep you in the dark and you're the last one to know when you're light when you're lively when you're career on the line that's not a friend five six seven oh five sixty come on let's hear from some other people that don't go to funeral's come on or maybe people that think i'm a bad guy because i don't go to funerals i don't believe in going to funerals all right huh okay okay oh is it okay is it all right okay thank you i mean there's pit squigs running around this place so gee we're surprised Neil and George Ward oh that makes me a bad guy okay because i didn't go to sunning screen or say i resent that and i was personally resent it coming from people that work here that don't even know me that don't even know me which i have to be held up a guy by the way don't even know that they believe me no that's okay yeah stand major now on news talk radio 610 w i o d if you miss our last show you miss this what the hell is your problem pain is in New York fella i don't want pain back i just told you but what do you want i do you want i don't want to have a friend i don't want you want your in-laws been what the hell do you want in the air science did that all we have to do you give me a name but is that all you want is that all we have you kind of content do you want during two to six here the next stand major show this has to do it too on news talk radio 610 w i o d for a stand and by the way stand don't just do it well for 32 at five sixty w two a my i feel sorry for him you know because he was boring anybody by an interesting watch lately how about the milky way dark huh how about a good stogi stand stand we're still around the this place now i mean god forbid he'd be good on the morning show you wouldn't jar people out of bed in the morning they could become like ease out of it maybe do a back and take a c.s.d again sure some of our great stogi's from mix he'd like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one our pull question is will line eight light up again today no chance no chance baby hey it's pace off has easter you know all your peon on their parade they want to do all his tradition they like it they get together with the family they eat a bunch of stale crap they have a what is brisket have to do with pass over anyway did the old juzi beat brisket on the pace off i don't think on pace on was jesus eating whisk it is a pace off thing okay you're not listening to our lorino spots mister you better start pay attention also you got some against the tightens out too i thought i had to eat all that crappy stuff like the crackers in the bitter herbs and yeah but robs and brisket a task at a biscuit let's go have some brisket or a tiska the task at i'm checking out somebody's basket forever it goes is something i'm wearing the jose where are you jose god damn it every time some holiday lately comes up or anything like this i ask on here i mean just because i make fun of the orthodox juzi what a bunch of barbarians there and how i'm not just what's the video with that you don't have to be orthodox to celebrate pace off what's the answer what is brisket got to do with pace off okay what kind of things like stand major said there must be one jubinist audience here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hello yes man behold a few all right there you go be everything i want it's the women i asked about palvel burri a lady calls it i asked about the holidays about the jewish stuff a lady calls it these guys they're from hunger they know nothing we worship you i should say i'm a lap you're what i'm a lap l a L a p c d thank you that's the best kind yes i'm only jewish when i hear an ad i submit a joke right that's right we're very good i like that actually i have a couple of things to talk about it i'm okay when i hear somebody say something homophobic really no right but anyway you were talking about funeral the minute ago uh the last funeral i went to was my uh late sister and law and i remember being in the church and uh sitting there listening to these glorious ulogies and the mother of the woman who passed away leaned over and said where they're talking about is that the way i'm exactly i didn't recognize you know what she was but her family was turning off saying what is the world right the other thing is that have you ever heard of these that ad can die a disadvantage for no oh yes oh they're bad they're bad and you know how many carbohydrates you're in those button hold on looking at the right now too oh that's not bad not bad the whole thing and carbs but it tastes like cramp. Well, sometimes you just don't want cheese, you know, sometimes you just don't want cheese and bacon or... I'm not saying one thing, cheese clogs up your liver, I think that's my problem. I'm adding too much cheese. I got to cut this off. Thanks, thanks. I'm serious. That's okay. Which cheese is bad for your liver and it makes it harder for you to lose weight when your liver gets clogged up. I actually think that I'm really excited about is I'm going to the day County fair tonight. Yeah. I went last week that we're going back because we realized there's probably still some food left that we're going to see to teen idols show. Has anybody told you about this? No, of course not. They don't tell me about anything. This is great. You know, they have people who haven't always show every year when you're the head of mom, as in the pop, as a pop, a John Phillips coming out on Cames and stuff. And this year they've got Peter Noon, Bobby Sherman and are you ready, David Jones? Oh, wow. And I thought... Bobby Sherman, you know, he's a... I mean, he's a... Some kind of a cop in LA now. I just will find out. But I wanted... Yeah, he is. And on that VH wanting to hit on last week, he was on there. Really? We're in his outfit. That's scary. Yeah. Maybe he just started to village people on the... When you went in the... When you went in the Bobby Sherman, he told her to butcher up a little. Well, I thought I was getting real close to David Jones. I'm surprised that those people are with a fair enough performing in Gelsdo. That's right. Highly is open now. I forgot. If Gelsdo were still open, they'd be performing in Gelsdo. Yeah. What is, you know, what is with something air into these guys and bringing them back at... All these concerts. This is kind of scary. God, I'm making a living. Everybody's got to make a few bucks. You know, especially David Jones. He's been through bankruptcy two hundred times. I'm going to see how if he really looks as bad in person as he does in pictures. I'm sure he does. I'm sure he won't be disappointed. I'm wondering. Have a good time sweetheart. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much. Did she tell us about the brisket by the way? No. I forgot to ask. 560, 560, 560, and the mobile one line. We're looking for Jews. What? Are we going to do one five? Here's a Jew. Hello. Oh, not this, Jewish. Oh, no, not so Jewish is there. I've never found this is what I got. I got no audience. I'm looking for a place where I'm going to have you plid you how to game. When are you going to come out of the stone age? I haven't seen you since the hockey game. When you go to stop laying to fill in and act in like some barbarian-related Man, later is a warning. I'm going to risk it for the brisket. You couldn't get lead in the horror house. Okay, David. I don't want to. Good. What do you need to know about the... Well, what is a brisket? I'm the orpomain. I have nothing to do with the only thing a brisket I have to do with it is that when you get together for a festive meal, generally there's a brisket, but being a veggie, I'm not eating that stuff. I'll just eat the conadal soup. Oh, I like conadals. Alright, so would you like some? No, of course not. It's all carbohydrates. I don't know. I don't start here again. I'm trying to tell you what you're doing. I'm doing great. I'm not going to cut my mouth. And you're trying to tell me what you're doing. I like to make the best conadal soup. Part of the Jewishness is a being fat. I, it's true. But it poor Sonny Hershey's dead because he was Jewish and he was fat. We love this belly much. Yep, we've had it right. To Sonny we say burrachda in MS. Right. You know what I mean? I have no idea. I don't want to know. The doctor being so Jewish. I can't you be a little less Jewish. What is so Jewish? I was at the hockey. Oh, because the Jewish person I was ever born. Is that so Jewish to be a talking man? I'm Jewish. Then Abraham. Yes. I got the least no less. Yeah. Anyway. I wonder what we lost. Anyway. What are you doing for the say this? I'm not. What are I doing for the say this? I'm going to eat trough. I'm going to have a pork roast. Hey, you know, we're going to walk. We're going to walk. I'm going to have a big, without a bun, a big cheeseburger. Okay. And we're going to be thinking about you. And we're going to wrap a strap around my arm. So tight that it cut out of circulation. And we're going to show you my whole and I'm going to have a hot hot. In fact, you know, it's good to have a nice because I'm eating all this crap. And it's killing me over here. Yeah. You're not letting me get a word in edge right. Oh, you're cloth. If you don't let me over here. You don't have to do the burf. So I'm going to be reading for the tour on Thursday. You're welcome to get an alia. No thanks. You're welcome. No thanks. In fact, I was going to ask. They say in talk, uh, Texas, El Paso. Exactly. And they say, push me and talk. It's something like a rind. A rind. Kusmer rind and talk is very good. I'm here. If I see this. No. Anyway. You're so too. But please. I'm so embarrassed. I was asking George if you wanted to show him. I thought it was going to take over for. I'm going to take over. Have you heard from him lately? Oh, Dave Helmer. Yeah. In fact, nobody wrote nice letter about Sonny and the paper though over the weekend. In fact, he was in sure a couple months ago. He was in sure. He was. He was. He also sent us over some food I couldn't eat by the way. Stop doing it, Dave. Send it to Michael Mayo. We love Dave. We love him when he comes to show off. He's a good guy. I hate Dave. Right along with me. He lays one. Lays the strategy. I laid right along with me. Yeah. Yeah. He has coins in there. Working on it too. Okay. David. Hey, so you and Demani. And back to you. Bye. Good young to get you out of here. Crazy Jew. See that that's. That's what I'm off with. I got no audience. I got here accountant. That's only Jew I got. And basically he says, Brisket don't got to do with anywhere. But what's not to like? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 to the pound 5, 60. On a mobile one on another. Depression day at the office, baby. In fact, my. Breastborn started who to get it also comes sitting on the floor here. I realized. Just notice that. Sit up in the chair. Sit up straight like a man. Okay. At least put on a good act. I sure go back to Canada. You too bastard. And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address. He's in the old office with the gold drapes behind him. And he is preparing to address the American political music. Please. Mothel old arrogance. I'll have the boy at our forces. The put up a fight. And a place called Kosovo. Outside of Albedo. The valpani. Where all the NASA don't use gold. Right there in Kosovo. We're going to blow away. Serbian Muslims in the KLA. Slop over by loss of it. His mad because his nickname is Slob. Later of Kosovo. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. And the KLA. You know, they showed their clip минут was sing that a day by most Americans didn't know inner work. Koseva was on a map before all of a sudden. Think they nurred? No, of course not. What? I mean, no most of us spent a lot of time in Yugoslavia, 5600-560 and fahrenploy. And why is this the best? I shouldn't say this. That's bad taste. Why is it that the slubs are such ugly people? I shouldn't say that, you know, with the coast of ours there, get in there. Home is burned and slaughtered, I mean, you know, either ugly people. We deserve a break. But have you ever noticed that? Slobby and people are really, uh, slobby. Right. Exactly. Although, not as big of a slob as, uh, around here. 560, 750, 560. We want line eight, ringing a lot today. Is it going to happen? No, but you're sweet as it's not. And, and how does that do that independently? In other words, these lines don't roll where we're never going to know that in order. Meaning what? One doesn't go to two to three. Why not? Because when it always, that way would be lower for this room. Apparently it was just a mix in that. For this room, you know, they have to go in the room in some order. There's a big like a pegboard or something like that. A big switchboard. Yeah, that they wire up. Have you ever seen it at downstairs? No, I have not, but I think the phone man stuck it in his back. What he did to us or maybe an hour. We don't know which ones are the date ones or the Broward ones. Right. And they don't roll over, which is the way this supposed to work. They roll one. Nice going for a man. Bell South sucks the big one. Okay. They blow. Not as much as Greg Reed, but they bite the big one. Here's Conmer Ridge, yellow. Hello, uncle Nio. Yes. How you doing? Okay. I read that thing with Sunnyhurst. There was real nice on the Miami Hill. It was a nice piece, yes. Yes, it was. I'm also from Australia. I've been here for over 20 years. Can you believe that? No, I really. In Southgate. What a bad mistake. Very big mistake. And... Very comcaloridge. Yeah, I know. Can't believe I'm still here. Can't believe I'm alive. I can't believe I said I don't speak Spanish. Can you believe that one? No. Yeah, I woke at a dinner dog. George don't believe it either. No? No. Do I have an action? No. I don't have that. Well, first time I'm called a longtime listener. Doing good. And says, my regards to Broadway. Okay, thank God bless you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Nio. Yes, sir. Nio, you are so Jewish. And the way you come across... I'm Jewish. Nio, when you... Not me. No interaction with your accountants. I don't... It's not my accountants. If George is accountant, I would let that guy anywhere near my voice. I want to keep George knows where to go for an accountant. That's for sure. George knows where to go. But I'll tell you that. And the direction... That interaction was so typically Jewish and your wood comes out. So you... I'm typically Jewish. When a person that's Jewish calls you... Yeah. It almost enhances and... Well, I'm going to tell you, as a matter of fact, as you mentioned that I guarantee I'm a lot more Jewish than these religious Jews. I'm not even quoting him as a count. And a lot more Jewish than hell ever be. Okay. I know what it means to be Jewish. I guarantee I've had a lot more good deli in my life. The David the count will ever have. I've had better kishki than hell ever. And back there's Tiren from him. Here's my kishki's out. She's the fact my mother may not know. Right? She's the same she... See, I don't believe that Judaism is a religion. It's a way of life. I'm all for that. I think the Jewish people are... The... The... The religious bullcraft. I like the Orthodox to crazy people. And the people with a bini baby kids. I mean, those people need metal help, okay? But Judaism from like a culinary, like good delicate test. And like a good brisket, like great kishki. Now you're talking my language. I love brisket and kishki on a side. When you mix a little bit of both. When you mix... What you believe is... No. It's what it is. And you mix a little bit of the history and a little bit of... History of what? History of the people. History of people that keep getting killed because they want to accept the Savior. I think that's exactly how... They're not pretty stupid. You've got to kid the message. You know, get with the program. Sweet Jesus. But when you mix a little bit of it together, I think that's when you get the best of both. There you go. Take it easy. And Mama Stana, Hala, Haza. You see? I told you. There you go. I'll read it. Shall I? Haksa, voice. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Like I told you there's too many glamonist town. We look for Jews out there. This guy's married to a Jew. Then we got the one Jew is David the accountant. Boy, I mean, you'll know you're losing. When that's the only Jew you can drum up on. A 4.5 million people in this town. I guess the Jews all got out of town for the holidays. Right? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pine, of course. I'm asking a question like, Brisk it does Brisk it has something to do with pace off. No. Not necessarily. It's just always good to have a good Brisk it. And I agree with that. Especially if it's got like, you know, real juicy. Oh, man. Nothing like a good Brisk it. Here's a pig reporting for Lauderdale. Hello. Deal. Done. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Yeah, right. Pig report. 5.95. West Tom. EpisSA.cycle. taking brackets. Thanks. Name for 35, not shift, or an increasedVIDant. Right? Yeah, that's right. they're right and then pointing in there we need all the pig reports we can get to protect the innocent from getting to all these stupid tickets and from getting the hassle to points under license and all the other crap that goes along with it. Town where you can't even walk outside three and a half to know without fear of getting the crap blown away and they're worried about right and tickets that's all they do here more and more tickets hassle the public hassle the public the pleasure police the ticket police and then we got the bicycle police to go report about earlier. There you go five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one I seriously the more you know I think it's taking in this chair is what's killing my kishki you know I know this chair is killing me. That's why it's only been since I've been in this room and I we adjusted the chair so I wasn't sitting with my breastbone I forget this is what killing my kishki's. Oh my god I sat down here this morning feeling pretty good now I realized I'm sitting in a hole and as we solve all my big balls is a fat are like are like you don't understand it like pushing down on my liver and my spleen and where my gallbladder used to be and even on my back of I mean all my parts it's a major miracle at any of these things are working now are like under pressure from the position of this guy damn chair maybe if I raised it way up in the air or something you could rock it back to like I thought no see this goes back to the fact again that they built this counter to god damn high I feel like a little kid sitting on a high chair I was told that the one downstairs was actually too low no it was not who ever complained about that no no we were I was either one I was using it yes both were so who the hell are they to say it was too low it was perfect standard height and they just came out to happen it's different it was like the three bears okay it wasn't too hot it wasn't too cool it was just right wasn't that the poor just something like that in the story of the three bears which makes about as much sense is all these easter and pace off stories bubble micees here's a mobile and delrey be chill out mobile and delrey what was that what was that sound like that you just okay well get it out of here quick 560 560 560 560 560 on a mobile one line I Dr. Mark again I'm sitting here my kid you know something you need to help me survive mister not actually you know I'm telling you I got pains I got liver I got both sides right side that side no no no no because you just did the smartest thing in the whole world you've figured it out for yourself yeah the current century others said if you listen to the patient wrong enough he'll give you the diagnosis you and I stand when I stand up these things feel fine you know saying it really is the perfect what I'm sitting down it's killing my in my ears squeezing my organs together it may be I'm setting up I feel fine it makes perfect sense it's so common sense who would have thought of it only me well sure so I wouldn't get an answer from a doctor oh excuse me yeah yeah it's been my time better than people finding security things out for themselves no I don't want to get back as you audience hates these calls but like I read in the PDR last night that the hydrochlorothias at one of the side effects is stomach discomfort and stomach pain it's a rinse on any talking cause any side effect I'm not being glyphid sang that the fact is that any gut effect any head effect any skin effect in that so liver and kidney that can happen but you know that's not what's happening you just saw the problem you got back pains which of course right away you start thinking kidney I got pains on the side and my am my am I kishki's you know what that what a thing that $2000 share you got that's so famous and you just figured out that it's a bad alignment that's what I got it's sitting in the wrong spot here because this counter is built too high but the image of you as a little kid sitting at the table like it is if you're uh you're featured that thing that's what I need as a spoon here so these people won't call I can bang the spoon on the guy damn kind of like a little child that's what I mean somebody send them a big spoon so what did you say yesterday when you called here you know we're we were Georgian ice scratching our heads trying to figure out what you said about those tests about the protein all what did you say to me what did you really want to do this honey here could you call me we hit the pie somebody while we were telling me what that's all about that I'll be the protein I'm deeply concerned about that now don't be deeply concerned I'm tremendously concerned don't be don't be when erotic about it well that's no you can leave out the about it I mean yeah that's right I agree I'm erotic that work here what I was concerned about is that you weren't working on some men in your age group at and you'd be early and have certain kinds of early what we can call them leukemic processes they're not malignant but they make proteins that can cause rashes and changes in your circulation and that sort of thing oh yeah yeah what I was looking for and you did not have that yeah if we we checked that protein in six weeks it'll probably be normal right and what about that globular and that was like one point what I'm starting to it'll probably be normal it'll not I I better won't even be there in six weeks yeah well yeah I'm not going to wait six weeks I'm going to do it in a couple of weeks okay whenever you say I wear it you're because I want to see that the safety cut and the weight down to like almost nothing is you know my sugar is great and and by the way I don't know if you were what I said before I look with amazement in the apDR and another one of the side effects is taken adruc is elevated LDL which mine was one fifty which it's almost never been at high and elevated uh and lowered the chloride usually well that's yeah so so a lot a lot of results of that last test that we did was because it's taken ad drug and especially fifty milligrams which is way too much correct and you're actually correct in fact that that drug's been around for forty years it's very safe it's very effective most people have no problem with it but you're pointing out something that it's a galorex line discovery people think of it if you if you decrease high-portension if you improve blood pressure that naturally mortality would improve it always you live longer for me not having a heart attack of substance up yeah I could never think about why that didn't work until they discovered LDL about twenty five years ago when it turns that it does slightly elevate LDL but you really have to be treated both the average or a lot of changes and all of the stuff you're about five times oh and also increases cholesterol total cholesterol the more degree though for more degree again we could check it again on any given day and have a twenty percent variation just through the laboratories yeah are we being educational yeah yeah I know like I said before you know it's something to be learned from all these things like my good friend Sonny heard said they buried yesterday he was a fact you know he was a great guy but he was fat he his head clobbed arteries he died a coronary artery disease and it's a damn shame because the guy was like only fifty five he should live to be a hundred on five he was a good guy I'm not going to think you're much too worn a really dark young though that that's for sure okay mark okay love box thanks you'll continue the saga of new and his doctors on here I'm not going back to that Cleveland Clinic okay what that rumor says okay he's been brainwashed thanks for dinner again where you should see the master for what are they wallet when you open up oh my god you can't see the hand my god he's going for a day and so what did you do now Robin Williams is had januars the time to use this humor as medicine what's the news um other little boy well Mr. Miss Smith your son has rectal colon cancer and he's going to be dead soon okay okay no hey hold my finger what stop hold my finger hey come on pull it okay okay well how many medicine nanonanero patch atoms the doctor with labs you got eight okay four minutes after what is no connection between the effects I played that we just spoke to Dr. Mark he's got a good sense of humor for an attire in five six seven oh five six he's why I'm an adjusting this chair and I think he's right I think I hit upon it I'm the one at the get's all these things straight now about that damn hydrocorner and again that goes back I don't want to say the Cleveland Clinic but I will because that's why I got the hooked with too much of that stuff and I'm pretty porked off about it I'll try to get for a month and a half month and a half and I'm taking like way more like I said I don't really need you is neurotic is I am about keeping my blood pressure down I don't need to have a blood pressure of 78 over 52 okay that's just a little bit low even for a fatal slide like me okay I don't need it quite so low Dr. Pusk-Kinyak yeah and we wonder why we can't get popbell breeze straight now over there and Dino and Gordon Murphy and anybody also plays on that team here's Miami hello hey no hey doing great calling into the first time long time all right and lemon joy listen thing to your show I'm cut off off of with the smucks said about maybe you need some help in here to help bring up your ratings you're doing great no he was being who's just kidding he was just okay Howard having 85 people there to help him do the show I mean Howard's making millions and he's a you know a superstar because he's got the hype machine beyond him and more power to him but I walk alone here you know yeah I don't know you don't know that 10 bananas in here help me do show but it's a one apple right I'd like to have a good banana to be honest with you okay no you're talking about some spare time yes you're good out to me in fact to you see how they ran as soon as I say that he's a good guy but as soon as I mentioned that he ran I wasn't talking about your service end of picture five six will you laugh about what are they also uptight about crisis just a radio show it's a radio show it's a it's a silly world okay with a lot of crazy people doing crazy things just do the best to avoid all of that that's all do the best you can just avoid all of these things just remember I told it it's a best advice ever gave it I saw line eight ring there was probably a line checker or crank huh saying up but now that's okay but doesn't it make it you feel so much better knowing I mean now that we're so flooded with call huh just what we need it was more and we didn't need the phones to work we need extra line that's what we need on the show extra lot yeah like me and him or it's so what I did with my chair here since it is a great recliner adjustable etc I've like got it's up as far as it'll go I'm sitting way up and here so at least because I have bad posture and you know something when you got bad posture it puts pressure on your organs and I'm sitting here squashing my organ every day and there's nothing worse than a squashed organ I'll tell you that sitting here and it's it's only since I've been in this room because I never talked about it in this during all these three months of being with the rash and with the neck and I'm going today by the way do I good doctor Gary why yeah get it in there might as well doctor Gary and get my amalkar fit in there I feel just like great with me and almost is lovely and then I won't be grinding my teeth at night I won't have the sword draw on the neck and I'm going to start making a little road to recover here okay it's part of the people who want to kill me with their kindness would their goddamn smart easy and their fish food and all this other crap god this it takes stupid people to keep doing stuff like that stop doing it you want to do it to yourself be my guest at the free country stop telling me with your kindness without your goddamn food here's a mobile in my me be killer yeah sir yeah I'm from the yorko show standing the channel yes sir I heard your comments on twitch I'm more about some i would have sent it you're having a good one it's the truth I could truth not quite if the truth and if what you expect you at the against about African Americans should be out of a job not good not yes you would what that African American that there is no such thing is African American where you know what you're talking about not I'm not talking about African American or any other might not have answers they are not sure I'm sure it's just a color yeah yeah so so African Americans aren't smart they are yes but not in the law before you know what you're doing what you're bringing to poor black people and what have they got to do with the some historian pays off what have they got to do with this my author of our friend if religion it's food to you sir you're religion is ridiculous religion is the religion is the the root of all evil just like car groucho marks said it's the root of all evil all killing all intolerant all hatred all superstition all these old bugamyces wrapping your arms up in that to fill in I do not do that do you know do that every last one oh my god you're laying that to fill in that try oh Jesus god why why do you do that even the New York Times do that was bad for circulation even the New York Times the New York Times is the answer to everything right of course not New York Times is right by a bunch of fascist right wingers and pretend to be liberals that's right like that AM Rosen told okay I have a great day it's phone see that was an active god and oh god let's practice phone out your highly offended go back to New York okay cossahoy go back to New York and pick on those people in Brooklyn that aren't as firm as you are okay go to Iraq at their house because they don't want to wrap those things around their arms oh my god that's our poll question today who's crazy are the super orthodox Jews or the far vision of right wing Graham that's our poll question well that's a tough one nip and talk five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line yeah this ain't the Bob Grant show okay sir I hate to break the news to you this ain't the Bob Grant show our sparks is done here they got a good sense of humor then I'll all up tight I don't sure go back to New York you're what best my relationship better than you are yeah I really get better than you are boy my relationship better than you are my religion better than you are I really get better than you are you heard while I religion has a date ministry and racial date I religion better than you are I really get better than you are I really get better than you are what we like about it best thank on the points and where the dress I really get better than you are but you really get better than you are what we really just what we really do worse we have no respect for we don't drive a cap to make a living by the religion better than you are I really get better than you are my religious better than you are I really get better than you are yeah we were kidding you I really get better than you are we not on door to father like full of brushes we are you are my religion better than you are I really get better than you are we are fine it's the 15 at 5 60 WGM we have a New Yorker at our match does if we need another one go back where you came from pal okay we got enough of your kind here already and of crazy super orthodox super religious we got a David the account that's one that's all we need but unfortunately especially over there on the beach we still got all those old crazy people wearing all the heavy clothing and the big hats and their tally and their uh... it's a and their whatever else there were and slip it around it's a hundred reason to shade they smell like they just call out of a uh... dumpster with the uh... beesleys and their rap and their arms up and it's a fill in and they're not the circulation and they're going like the like those crazy people asia that slides away to the cells with a change their weapon themselves with it they're there's a mobile and sunrise hello and you'll be a can in yes sir i love those phone calls that's got it with a preamble it says i'm from a new York and i just happen to find you on the dot i was just flipping it yeah and the right to uh... on the uh... why for a while i'm tax the hoist but anyway on the up in rolls yeah i i did not attend to the one of my parents uh... you know really yeah i have plenty of good in bad memories of them when i was uh... from when they're alive and the last thing i would remember seeing them dead in a box yeah that's a good point and uh... what i don't know that you mentioned that i think you found around i will not go to my mother's funeral i think you just talk me in the band and i'm talking people people find that very offensive on the what what's the point i mean you know i go there like tomorrow go near for lunch you know what she's alive i go see her what's the right going see her box okay enjoy enjoy again here i think it's not the uh... religion schools yeah i i want my kids to let i'm a religion school i'll go get a uh... one of those uh... what is that that that just given away for people what's in the council you get a voucher yeah yeah we'll get a voucher let them go to capital school right i'll go to the can't look school and get them arrested uh... all right i'm out of the terrible man i'm okay i'm a great day i'm bless you yeah there's a couple of good lines here in this carelter tutorial yet even in a herald is right i tell it like it is it says why do people take a fence at inspirational messages delivered at public gatherings in public places and why especially in public schools the answer is simple attending school is compulsory and no parents especially people of faith want their children proximatize all right so let's see if governor jepster is in cizier and last paragraph lives up to his pledge to not uh... try to push that through which i wouldn't hold my breath with his school vouchers and every other attempt to turn this into a christian state on beetle lee when i'm very believable because that's what it's all about that's what the right wings all about intolerant assholes five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teawyrless line we're looking for a good brisket is a and you know something perfect for the atkins right number last year uh... when you're through how can i try to remember who was it that brought us a good brisket last year brought us kishik and he brought us a brisket you took the whole damn thing home oh so good to it and he came to one of the hockey games that guy sorry one of my lunchman huh it was so good yeah and i'll see brisket i can eat it's perfect for the atkins died there's no problem with it a tiska a task of the tisket i love my brisket but you would have had to eat around the potatoes that were there i have no interest in potatoes potatoes killed oh yeah potatoes killed they're pure you know that in a medium size baked potato there are five teaspoons of sugar that's right not refined sugar but that's that's the equivalent of when you eat it what your body converts it to five teaspoons of refined sugar potatoes starch start that's the ss boys okay especially since we're talking about Jews or nervous about the letters ss starts in sugar it's all the same crap starts in sugars their killers no more pasta cd-10 is the gd-10 i mean it kills me it kills me to think no more pasta for hell of a long time i love pasta i grew up eating pasta how do you think i got fat eating pasta i'm talking about very big gigantic keeping bowls of pasta with meatballs with sausage with sliced up hot dogs in the sauce i mean i created more different ways to enjoy big big fattening bowls of pasta killer here's a mobile in bokeh hello yes sir yeah i do and first time long time yes sir um uh twenty five year old circumcised wheel all right all right you only came with uh well hey Neil i'm going to answer them yeah you're recommendation right you'll love it oh we like course i want you to that's okay i don't do it again sorry about that places to horse around i never seen no horses in Amsterdam oh man you're talking about that uh listen we're going to back by the red light this is just a bit listen to me please yes when you go anywhere near the red light district uh it's all you'll need to do is walk out there on the streets you'll see all these amazing places and you'll just have the time of your life you don't need any direction believe me trust me how about hotels you recommend anything well i mean when you go on i'm going uh at the end of April at the end of April at the beginning of May end of April also a little bit uh late to be thinking about hotels now because it's going to see how Queen's Day April 29th or 30th whatever it's it's going to be harder and how to get a hotel yeah i know and two of season stuff like that right i'm going to be hard and hotel too yeah exactly but be sure and book something before you go you're going to be asleep in the bus station in the board book and now we're booking now and Neil um i saw you actually at the at the turnout at the uh the uh the banjeeers in heaven tour right i was the uh got it at the Lysons University Ever since University Miami Day yes sir uh you guys didn't get a big crowd there not there you know well first of all the store i mean with all respect to my friend of the stores is says it'll bloom closet number one and number two it's impossible to park in that joint i mean uh took me like ten minutes to figure out what to do in here yeah well thanks for the advice Neil okay everyone have a good one buddy bro see you in the damn rack this is where i'll go to arms to the now we're talking and there's a place where they know what freedom's all about but we don't have a bunch of Barbista and a religious nuts running around telling us what to think and how to do and tell us what to say that guy from New York you got a lot of whips but man i'll tell you that coming down here and calling up a radio show and tell me what i if you're offended you know something i feel like i accomplished something today a lot of the offended i'm offended by your behavior how do you like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warlas line here's Miami hello yeah yes sir hey you don't great a couple things I feel so much better sitting up in his chair now it's a miracle all right as that guy said before it's a mahaya well uh i just want to let you know i'm halfway through farewell to guys right one of the best books i've ever read just say no god that's right just like Nancy Reagan said just say no god uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh other thing is i'd like to complain real quick about it about the arrogance of the lawyers and the legal profession yes i had to get a traffic court two weeks ago for a minor traffic accident and i get there there's a bunch of people in the courtroom there's about 15 lawyers or so you know well for some reason when courts start the lawyers get to go first one right after the other appeared front of the judge and be on their merry way and then they get to the little people like me you know that are in the battle you are you a little people well you know i'm speaking sarcastically but i finally get up to the see the judge the cop isn't there and usually when the cops not there they dismiss well she tells me oh i'm an official opinion which i immediately acquitted with me being there for another hour on another day getting off work that kind of thanks last the judge said why is it that all these lawyers get to go first you know i love to be in and out of here in ten minutes like them she goes well maybe you ought to go to law school i said what you're doing it what are you trying to tell me that they're better than i am i mean what's going on here they're times more important in the mind and and that's what she's trying to say i'm not right what a bailice pipes up because you're on our all explain a tool in the know he's grasping what arm and that's what's me out and then tries to tell me how oh you know these lawyers have other cases that they have to get to during the day yeah my dude like i don't have to get to the little places of uh but like yeah yeah you know they're they're getting paid to be there i'm losing money by being there this guy's and they're trying to tell me that they you know they've got pressing concerns later in the day like you're you're forgetting that's the american that bless you so good five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the uh eighteen t-wyrlest line we got forty two under open lines for these last thirty five minutes Hank Goldberg at two he's in the studio today which is a rarity six or five we got a big fan book shambi i'm talking you're going to die sweet heart lose some weight both we're trying more pulling desperately we're going to try to embarrass you into it we're going to lock you up in a broom closet and throw bones under the under the door or some weight book he'll be here six to ten and then capital will be here at 10 you can bet on it at the key damn it i'd kick my own ass outside all you want to have a good one Mary and we're great here died our little friends totally fry happy days got away the crappy days are here how we got no we love they've got no and thank you to on the great hair has gotten thin and he's added a double chin jolly and cha-chee got a divorce elf big nose looks like a farty jolly in the middle and just freak now we're so much bigger each will do the show this week happy days have gone away the crappy days are here they've got no every club they've got no thank you to crappy days they've got no they're happy days are gone they're here crappy days i heard a commercial on your station yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon something about uh... a voice would speak out uh... if someone approaches your uh... order of the uh... and a voice of a big black something rather would come out and say get away from my order of the or your two close to my order of the bill you big mf i object seriously to profanity like that on on the radio and i i object to to the profanity and that type of advertising i believe in free speech but that's too far don't hear with her and to this complaint from you i will send a letter to the uh... federal communications commission a rye no kind of that kind of language is certainly not acceptable on on uh... public radio it might be all right between individuals not on the radio you can call me back on uh... uh... the eyes and the i s e s okay one thirty one miles ppont time we got a lot of offended old juzat there have been a level you know with america you have the right to be offended of course how can you be offended less or somebody like me to make sure you are five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two line hankledy or two or clocked areas good job by the way yesterday if you hear when i said i don't i just don't go to funeral so i mean it's not it's not personal i love so he was a great guy i just don't go to funeral because when i'm working i feel like i'm presenting over my own well you know something you could be like the second guest that we have on the uh... thing and we actually have a microphone room yes well for us and it's a room i doubt it not certainly not for us in google that you're that so i wasn't your name came up yet and that somebody called for me and i was the one that uh... said that it's actually said that i'm not going to be yeah i i said it was rich del rampal i think it was yeah talking about uh... doing the baseball right yeah i see i'm coming from uh... some of the evidence that i appreciate that there was a lot of history there so you're all boss of the and uh... and uh... yeah i'm coming here all i'm sure with her all you uh... you're all i didn't see sure but i didn't see everybody here all wasn't there i don't know i don't know that she wasn't all the old engineers were there so them between and she met i'm at your arts bit wasn't there uh... no uh... and in fact uh... talk about more than i was the reminiscing of the day about all the people that i worked with in radio that uh... have died since i've been here yeah like jim harper at uh... uh... did you know jim harper yeah i'm going to and they'll call to record yeah and uh... geez long was i tell i wasn't like it wasn't a sati case no that's what i get on the right way i was really if you're going to have a funeral it was it went well you know it was people had the right attitude and uh... yeah sati sunny and he just said take back her was right like we're fine we're i mean i don't think there's anything wrong with saying that i want to i mean here's the i think everybody would love to see him of the 95 not 65 is not over when you live in south Florida at 65 is like a teenager yeah here you can take care of himself i wasn't just that he was fat he was a little overweight but you know he but he loved he you know that yes he was a lot of deli times he didn't come in to much kishki yeah i just came from the doctor and i've lost thirty four you have a lot of your own good i've lost seventeen but it's a lot of twice as much so that's but yeah but i was twice as big oh well that's a lot of things that's called survival you know you reach just to everybody needs to get the scarier life i don't know about you but when i get it's when he liked a blood test i got less of a scarer and he brings it in my cholesterol's high my LDL is high and uh... that's it you know i uh... why didn't blood work on today i'll see how it is but uh... they were i was talking to the doctor or the man signs come up with a diet it's very similar to the antids of what's in it to the actin and what's in the book you gave right and uh... that's not that they discovered it or anything like that but you know he's told me the same thing you were saying i was listening to a while here you know you plenty of breastfeeding this week but i don't know where you're at what's going with that and full man a donate low fat no low fat low breast things low fat and more so hard rate yeah and full of what oh sure it was going to say something i do that this is your show i know a lot of people around here are full of what you were starting to say but not uh... man is yeah that that book is great and and you know i know you think it's on silly and you don't have to admit to us on here that you were starting to do it but the olive oil on the feet it's miraculous i know you don't want to do it just before you happen a sack and if there should be somebody else in there maybe you want to wait until after whatever you know but i'm sure is that it's great and i could not find work is i sleep alone unfortunately you know so i guess i could do that that's it why i read i read i read it i don't know how your feet are in order to all want to see them but i mean no you know how you get like the skin starts like that i think i'm going to have a and uh... when you use the olive oil on their luck brand new it's great that's a little numbness in one toe yeah i heard you say that good if not good yeah not good as i'm running a diatrice for that not the one at pavilion very went to i hope you're not going to the clean clinic for what uh what was a misdiagnosis there little i i have no idea i mean they did the one acl which usually that's that does it you know and then you're going to i who knows you know you don't know whether they were with it they were stringing us along uh because because the so that he injured himself at the second time i heard stories from all over the rest of the nha all over america all over north america that he was out for the season that everybody else in the know that and we didn't i guess here they just kept their mom's shot and they were hoping that maybe the rehab would go real quick looking rain wouldn't find out right because you remember he said that for his son though better than i'll make the play off yeah why wait it's good to see you okay good job always hold time right uh yeah you know we're getting old only start reminiscing about the good old days then you know we're old tharts for sure they're calling up our class exactly that's right well you know what the sonny from the market used to say speaking of sonny's we're not here for a good a long time just for a good time he wasn't there for a long time even that's gone sonny of course honey for a sonny from the market well it's a tough life five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line ankle be heard two six o'clock to move to the big fat one and the ten o'clock kid care i already said that but it kills a lot of good time by the way here's broker hello yeah coming back okay he's a lot huh was that a be flat sound like a flute note oh and speaking of that i saw yesterday what have i see it was some four of the change program and the British it was either Scottish or Brits and they had the hold you know the outfits with the kills and i guess must have been Scottish and they're all playing the flute and i thought man i was always convinced the British were begun to skin flute now i know they're all seriously they were all blowing on it in the flute too five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two all the time sounds to me like you're still touching you are with their phone is what it sounds like from that son uh let's see what the uh yeah so that he's done he's still on there i can't disconnect this guy he's trying to speak to me one more time okay so on let's put him on hold it's the inferior it's not inferior to the skin flute that's right with a slide whistle he's sliding on it i thought they were coming in next week there were saying it builds on here that's what man this was saying he's coming in for the big uh drafting yeah one more time Billy come on okay this place man thank you now are talking about the diet over here this place will do it another outside this place on kia i'm dying on the hair clean up clean up the brown thing in your underwear clean up clean up put on another hair clean up clean up the company's right here on your seat clean up clean up whenever you clean up clean up try citizenship works look at clean up clean up when everything and 143 at 560 wqa m qa m hello hello wqa m see line checker totally got a nice surprise they can't handle it can't handle the pressure here's a mobile in bokeh hello hello yes sir how are you doing today okay i was doing great to live i was happy with this phone all of a sudden it's going spastic it's going up i don't think it was my phone obviously one of the way you were trying to get food and kept coming back i see stuff give you my word i wasn't doing anything improper um if i could real quick yes sir i've heard you all that definitely on this end okay i thought you talked about jablissia couple of times i'd like to commend you yes uh for bringing some points to light i'm not certain if you spoke in about this for a lot of people out there that i think jablissia's grave because it's a good answer yeah you know i was so worried about George bush who was nothing that's that's my that's one of my whole point of your bush gave us was uh sottam hussein and uh light about the no new taxes and all of the book up and that's why everybody says goodbye George i was so worried about him and his songs the next uh presidential candidate for the republican right the other side looks good right that's right uh for people that don't know jett bush was need deep in the kidding as an outland got a free ride because of his father but we knew we knew about that before the election right but people still voted for him here's the real one i'm not sure if you know about this you know gave it out of the ender and his other two partners that were part of the reelection campaign he did they are the individuals that have the biggest school management companies in the state yeah they're the individuals that are going to clean up on this vouchers this right it's the kidding as an else all over again when i bring that honest point up the individuals that voted for they give me this look like well he's a pretty good man they they they don't to understand if you start talking issues in the state of florida why are you are you losing your mind sir without the respect they don't know from issues all they know is they recognize the name they know the name whether it's rhomar tinnas whether it's so used to be johnlam mellow and so if they go out there they know the name he never stole a freight train i know the name therefore he must be okay that's all you know from here i think it's pretty sad i think maybe the same years are all rare is jo caroyo same old tired faces over and over again because they recognize the name that's all well have a good day yeah and back to good luck to us five six seven oh five sixty we got two thousand open eyes were never making it through a clock i'll tell you that never gonna make it till two today another day thank god i moved my chair up at least now i'm not squeezing my own case you see audiences too and i'm pretty good at least i'm not doing it to myself five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-war was lying here's bokeh hello there we are here hey there's the flute line see i'm sitting here one red hawk i can't how come the lines are working right i'm getting fact is on a machine since your lines are screwed up we're trying to calling you say got no calls and we're getting busy single your lines are all screwed up and Greg we've got the foot for the coming here about three hours ago oh everything okay no well course not everything is not okay i got even i tell you remember gets more uh his phone system we're better in his house than the one we got here on the year that's supposed to be a radio station with a talk show going god niki mouse even he'd be embarrassed to come in here here's cooking a girl hello here's a call with an actual year hallelujah actually i was on hold for a few minutes in the phone when statically i do like that i think the problem was over there and now we're getting out of the speed back at this time they're playing with our phone lines yours while we're on the year but i wasn't holding long anyway maybe three or four minutes right and now we're going up to the door it's a banana for it now you but anyway i want i want to thank you for fruitfully for getting me in the hockey i was one of those guys that was stuck on football that was the greatest sport in all that but there's no comparison there is hockey is the best people to think that there's sports fans who are in the hockey i just i just wonder uh what that's all about i don't get it i have never been to a hockey game i'm planning on going when they great thanks lots of big game we needed desperately but we're not in any of the things these people i don't believe me i realize we only got nine or ten games let's but but the carolina be lucky to win two more games we don't have to win every game that we still got a shot but for those nerds out there that think that football is a rough sport i got news for them there are both of the other part of the course you can burn the hockey players i mean hockey is the great of sport i mean i i used to watch it years ago but i was in some uh uh uh the team came to the town i mean i'm like and everything i know about it would do not much because i don't know a few names and a few teams and all that so i'm learning it's all because of you your Neil God you're the best god bless and i love you thanks for the subject thank you hey listen Peter netman gets that he's stick from lundra us the other day he's there are an inch away for a half an inch away from his eyeball he's bleeding profusely they want to take him in a locker room the situation well he says no i want to get back out there okay and he finishes the period then of course he was like swooning so he couldn't finish the game and he wanted to plan again last night didn't he or didn't he know he did not couldn't play last night but he came back in that game with a big gash on his eyes i would like to try to put and anybody wants to tell me maybe a great player ready is lundra us dirty is player in any sport in the world today Eric lundra us it's disgraceful the way what this man does with a stick work and then he runs around like the guy said before crying about his poor brother bread he had to leave the game because of an eight million concussions and aristocratic how we all what you give is what you get okay sweetheart now and then here the start with a music again with a jungle music coming in starting what what he means start is that going on sure well what is that that's life on the third floor no no it is not life on the third floor that's the production asshole again my god are you out of your mind in there can it one moment please i'm gonna go over pun on the wall music is so well he's getting here he's coming in the goddamn wall and it that symbol i thought a couple and that first week i think it was Wednesday the first week or Thursday that started up and in the last one in the air and told me cut the crap I thought that was loud this is so loud i feel like i'm in the middle of uh the uh what's it got the uh what's that festival where are all being made yeah the graphio like our group i'm i'm gonna get the gloom boss to take you right the gloom bay is what i'm gonna do you crazy over there hey somebody in the building or production until i check it's the can at loud crap you you go over there and tell them okay i'll I'll drag the spot out i'll i'll i'll do whatever i have to do wherever the hell is loaded took us man you talk about a place i mean the kind and you think that i get hysterical over nothing i you folks out there the thing i make it about it's really funny i'm telling you man the the the the comparison between this place and a real radio station is like comparing uh uh don't us with uh filet man yon with shet the butting on like comparing dog to a great fine steak he's cranking it over there this man this man but it must his nuts must be uh spanking he must be spanking something over there thank you lunatic now and George comes back here we'll find out which has all the was in there who will which which jackass was at this time the same one DJ lives but that's not the production room that's engineering he's actually down the hall and across the hall DJ lies see what kind of a deal what what is he is the uh he's an answer yeah and why why i still hear it yeah they they're on the air that's how he mixes he's a deaf man what what do you mean that's how he mixes well what was the mix room mixing on the air they do other live mix and on the air and that's that's how they play it I'm surprised you haven't noticed it more often it's all day everyday when they're doing live mixing what