Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers show. Talk to Neil, called 567-0560 toll free for dated graduates or their own 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guest callers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the measly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QA, has only Macaron on. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Gauss! The story that rocked on the beach in the world. On O'Pad did, thrones and boxers shorts, let's cruise our box and ride with some faves. Excellent. Our money. Women. Then, cool jet. Uncle Fennel, dude, let's use our interest of the slash nays to press these faves and do the wild things in the cars down. No way, Bill. That's way, Dad. Excellent. They're rich. They're powerful. They like to swim naked as well. You can be Smith's and tech-enatee in the Lentez Exland Adventure R2 from the next generation until the... Excellent. Come and swim to what is in the U. Where did that go for that? Excellent. You do get that Peter Leonard out of here, God damn it. 10-0-150-50-WQM. I'm happy. Oh, that's right. I'm not supposed to say happy one. I'm going to great mood. I am. George is a good mood. We're in a good mood. Woo! You don't want to think it is. I think we're jealous of the British. And I have no idea why. But if they can have all of their morning, why can't we have... I mean, we got a lot of little morning. We got zo. And we're supposed to be in morning. And right now, look at those storms are expected, rain and high winds in the area. They're still looking. You know something seriously. I don't want to be disrespectful. It's sad when anybody dies. But. But. What's the big semis-here boys and girls? Who the hell was this guy? But like somebody I know said this morning, you know, America is obsessed with the idol rich. They're just, you know, with the glamorous people, the wealthy people, the do nothing people especially. The less they do, and the more idol time they got to, you know, be part of the jet set crowd, the more they are obsessed with them. All day Saturday. All day yesterday. And again today, the networks are hyper ventilating. They're foaming at the mouth. And of course, the 24 hour news channels who just live for this. Who just can't get enough of this are salivating. They're moist each and every one of them. Because John Kennedy Jr. is. Did. Did. There I said it. And his bride and her sister, the three of them, their dead. I mean, yeah, sure there's been just tragedy after tragedy after tragedy and this family. It just never ends, but just stop and think about all the other people important people who've died. And just this year alone. I wish we had a list, you know, starting with Stanley Kubrick, who was very recent. Let's start making one. Yeah, let's start making all the people who died just this year, the last couple years, who are in hell of a lot more significant in our lives than John Kennedy Jr. Who never did anything. The most famous thing he ever did in his life besides posing naked in the shameless act of desperation for the cover of his horseball magazine, the most important thing he did was when he was three years old that very carefully orchestrated saluted the casket at the funeral of his father. For your father, for your father, that's what that's a little bit. And that was it. It was three years old. But when you're born into a wealthy family and but you know, you got all this hype going on around you. It's supposed to be important because he died. Do I think it was important? No, not even significant worth a mention worth a mention worth breaking in here's a bulletin. The plane is disappeared and then like an update they haven't found them their presumed dead and lost it. And that's it like anybody else. They called in a Pentagon. They called in the, I mean, air of the buddy and their brother and law. And now we got to put up with these boring people again from the National Transportation Safety Board that, oh my God. The ones that lied to us when the 747 went down, those people. How long do you think before we get the FBI guy in there too? Maybe there was sabotage. I just, I just, the few people in the media man, you need mental help. Now maybe it's only me and George. Maybe we're a couple of hard-bitten bastards. Maybe every, no seriously, maybe everybody else in America. They usually do because they usually, you know, do things in lockstep. They go step along the way to supposed to be. Maybe they're all really just, just, quite fall in today. Now, maybe it's only me. Let me say it again. He didn't look like, and this business about the sexiest man in the world. And they, they're best, I mean, you know, in a very boring way. You could say he was a good looking guy. Okay. In a boring way, and kind of a wooden way. He had a personality that was maybe about a half a step above Al Gore. No, it's just seriously, a half a step above Al Gore. A little bit better, not much. He didn't look like a Kennedy. He didn't speak like a Kennedy. He flunked his bargs and twice. And then, I guess, because he had too much time on his hand and being a assistant, you asked attorney in New York City, wasn't really much of a big deal. And was just a bone-assure, well, anyway. So he decided to start a magazine. A so-called political, how about they called a political glamour magazine? Kind of like playboy magazine without the naked pictures, except what he was on the cover with his knees together. That was the closest they got. And that was it. This man 38 years old, the very young age to die, of course, contributed absolutely nothing to American society to our lives. I mean, a lot of the other candidates, you know, Joe Godd in their Joe Junior, to his wife wrote the Tell All Book and he had to let go of this appear in the middle of the night. Oh, I don't think I'm going to run for governor after all, even in the Massachusetts. And here we are, again, look at this. Thank you. I give her a mic. Thank you. I mean, I just, I don't get it. What is the obsession? And I like the candidates. I like JFK. I like Bobby Kennedy. I love Ted Kennedy. Even though he's fat and old, okay, he's the one great hope. The one last hope for us dying breed of liberals left in the world today. His Ted Kennedy. Even. And ironically, this happened one day before the 30th anniversary of chapter quidic. As if that has anything to do with anything. So yeah, and then he was side he gets on there over the weekend, all these experts to bring in out all the, they're dusting these people who are taken out of the mothballs, like he was side he haven't seen him in 20 years since he used to be on over the Gronski. By the way, if you'd better rely on Martin Gronski, quick, come on. Remember Martin Gronski? You don't remember Martin Gronski? What kind of person are you that didn't wake up on a Sunday morning? And even when you didn't want to see all those stupid news shows, a Gronski in company was on Channel 10. Forever wake up early on a Sunday morning. No, I'm not real early. You know, 10 30 11 o'clock. Oh, I don't know what I'm saying. Oh, like I said, he's a crap. Don't know Martin Gronski. I thought you were supposed to be the one who was so informative. Yeah, that's what that guy said. This is informative George. You don't even know who Martin Gronski is. So anyway, he was side he is on there saying, wow, you know, there was not there was no such thing as a Kennedy curse. And there's just, there are all coincidences. I mean, over a period of 55 years, I got news for it. There's an awful lot of coincidences in there from going back to a PT109 and the brother before that that got killed. And I mean, just I never stopped. And then, of course, the daughter that they locked away into the shot, the shot, treatments and all the stuff. I mean, if you really want to get brutal about the Kennedy's, now, what was it? It was at an A and E or discovery that they had the thing. He's a discovery discovery channel. And they dusted off the old story of the Kennedy starting with Joe who was a real piece of crap, a real son of a bitch, a crook, a bootleger, a never met a Nazi he'd in like just a miserable, mean, spirited, hormon growing piece of turd. The old man. And yet somehow America, and they're always using this term about this is as closest we come to royalty in America or the Kennedy's. Well, guess what? We don't want royalty in America doing? No, we don't want royalty in America. God damn it. What do we need royalty for? Let the silly British. Let the Austin powers and the silly British people, he didn't even British. Let them have that crap with a king and a queen and the prince and the princess and all the phony marriages because you don't look too good that Prince Edward's 120 years old and ain't married yet. You know, let them have all that silly crap. And we can laugh at them. But you see the parallel between this and Princess Diana. I mean, this is almost exactly the same isn't it? And you just know there's going to be this too. And look at that. Here we go again, this Coast Guard guy spent a very painful moment. Yeah, I've had painful moments every time I've been here with TV set for the last like 70 hours now. It's been painful. That ocean sure is blue. Yeah, the ocean is blue and the sky is blue and somebody is blue. Son of a son of a get to blue. Man, what is raw with these people in this country, huh? Glamor and glitz and bull crap and contributed nothing. Zero. When Adelae Stevenson died was there a big song to dance like this. I mean, here's the man he was there. He was a egghead. He was a genius. He was an intellectual. Oh, you're not supposed to say that. He looked like crap that he had the hole in the soul of his shoe that he ran for president and that was like the nail in the coffin. Plus of course he was divorced and the cat licks didn't like that. And he was running against the war hero. He sent me a literate war hero. Oh, I didn't know he had a lot of interest. He was always interested. And what was going on? Anyway, 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQN do I care about this? No, I'm feeling great today, God damn it. I feel bored again. Don't ask me why because I won't say it anyway. I'm sorry, sorry. I just so very, very bored again. It's nice to have trouble pouring. I just wanted to say it's my surprise. I'm a very, very bored again. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. We live extraordinary prison in flight. We spoil our kid. It's in our way. We all went drinking at a cooking meal bar. Met a few girls, petrofants, home in the car. We're just very, very bored again. Yes. Very, very bored again. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. One try to get away. I can't get through the yard. She's so, so cute. She's so cute. She's so hard. She's so close to the fair. With this man's job. We're upside-down. We can try to come and we're just very bored again. Yes. We're just very bored again. We're just very bored again. Also, there's a company that's I've just gotten in the past one year. Who is the much more meaningful than was still heartbroken. Now, there was a talented guy, given people a lot of laughs from members' talent. It was a good guy. Good guy. Everybody liked him. Never stole a freight train. Wasn't born with a silver spoon in his rectum. You know? Although, I think his wife had a little silver spoon. But, you know, let me get to every time that white powder. But, there you go. There's one without even thinking hard. Did they make a, I mean, there was some stuff on TV. They had a little bit of coverage. A few minutes here, a couple minutes there. And I look in a shamer and that was it. Did they go into a big song and dance about it? No. No. As a matter of fact, even John Bene is getting more coverage today. How many years has she been in the ground out? Two, three, whatever it's been? She's still getting more coverage than for can feel heartbroken. This Kennedy thing. I mean, the, the, the whole American, the sickness, the subsection with people who are nothing. And I'm totally, I'm like what they're supposed to be. It's all bullcraft. It's all image. Because we're obsessed with the glamour crowd with the jet setters. How about when River penis died? Huh? There were like two seconds on that. He was in a couple of good movies. He even stand by me. Was good? Huh? What? You didn't like stand by me? No, it was all right. I like to talk to you about any other words. I was an excuse to bring the record back. Any king. There's been a king still alive. I think he died. No. Since the movie came out, he's dead. Nobody told me. I think he, he and Martin and Gransky are both dead. Here's sunrise. Hello. Oh, I guess what you didn't reset the phone. You're holding on. Sorry. Yeah, didn't reset the phone. See you're assuming. You're assuming. Wait a minute. Hold on, please. WC, we're on special way. Starting off the wall. We're looking for equipment that's a pile of crap. It doesn't work. Okay. So now we got to start all over again. I had all the others. I hold the order calls on here and it won't go on here because this is a horse bugger. A horse ball place. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 10, 5, 60, animal, mobile, one line. Why do we have to start on a Monday, no less. Huh? Why do we have to keep starting like this over and over again? Are they ever going to, uh, no. In fact, the word is, it last week toward the end of the week, the cable went out there in the sports room in there. And then I find out this morning, Donnie B was saying they were trying to get a hold of their guests, making long distance calls out, couldn't do that either. Just maybe they're not paying the bills around here. How do you like that? Uh-huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, animal, mobile, one line. Here's Dave the cop. I got to start with Dave the cop. How are you doing, you? Oh, it's Jesus. I don't know. No same Lewis nonsense. This thing with the Kennedy. Yeah. It's, you know, following Joe Kennedy, all this so-called purse started after World War Two right around it. This, this idiot, Joe gave more money to Hitler than any, any American, uh, millionaire, anything. Uh, I think he was in Batcheter, England. I think Roosevelt pulled his ass back. That's right. He was close. In England. And that didn't make much sense. Yeah. And you know, it's an unfortunate thing with, uh, with John, that seemed like Dave to try keeping him out of the light and I had a lot of respect for him when he blasted his, uh, his, uh, rapist, uh, not to close him, but the one that was- Where's your pay will fall at the end? Oh, the other one, the one that decided to take on a tree head on and lost. Oh, oh, oh, Michael, yeah. Yeah. And he blacked a demon as magazine and he caught a lot of slack from, uh, from the family. Oh, that was the one that was did on the, uh, minor. That's correct. Little girl, yeah. And you know what's so fortunate, but you know how you had rich squatting over the high-endous poor map yesterday. He's all over the place. No hard to keep track of all these, uh, dirt bags. Like David Kennedy was the one that died of a drug overdose. You know, the thing with him was the date that Barabra Kennedy got assassinated that morning. He was done at the beach in California and David was drowning. He swans out and saves his life when he gets assassinated that night. So there's a lot of amazing things with the whole family. But speaking on politics, if you really want to have an eye opener getting off from the Kennedy's, we're rolling stone this week because they go into a real in-depth thing on George W. Bush, the guy who everybody thinks is going to be the next president. Yeah. Let me tell you something. This guy had deferments to go to and, uh, to stay out of the draft and when he graduated, he had a graduate in the L. and 68. He bypassed 100,000 people on a waiting list. The number one to get it to the National Guard in Texas. Yeah. And uh, nobody cares about that. Well, they should care because they don't care. They don't care his name is Bush. That's why his brother was elected governor here in Florida. That's why he was elected in Texas in the first place. His name is Bush. Rockefeller, Kennedy Bush. It's getting the point where we're going to have about four or five families and they're going to hold all of public offices in the country. And everybody else can just go whistle dixie. So that arranged group in a 94 to be with the governor of Texas blasted him because he said, hey, I could have gotten killed with my engine. We're to stall about over the desert of Texas. Yeah, you know, instead of going to nom on the, when they asked him about, you got to read the article because I'm not BS. And when they, when they asked about that magazine, it's got Ricky Martin's picture on a cover. I get near it. I won't touch it. You don't look too hot. Oh, thank God. They got, uh, they asked him about drugs. And if you think Clinton's, uh, answer was nutty with the marijuana. Quote, he says, maybe I did, maybe I didn't. What difference does it make now? Well, that's where he's answered anything. All you're talking about your work. You're about Mr. Doug. This is, uh, the future of the country. Okay, well, a little way calm down. Take two in college at the morning. Take two what? See you. Five, six, seven, five, six. Let's hear all those Kennedy lovers. Let's hear all those people out there that think that we're, this is a disgrace today that we're not sitting here participating in America's, uh, sorrow and America's morning. I feel great today. And I'm not going to sit here and pretend that I'm all depressed. Just to make somebody happy. Okay. I feel fantastic. Lost a couple of pounds. I feel like a human being again, God, dammit. Of course, now George is back on his eating bin. Just when I was thinking over the weekend, well, he don't want to eat anymore anyways. So we don't have to keep bringing all this parade of food in the studio every day. Now he tells me over the weekend, he more than made up for it. Ticking out big time. Nice going. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, um, thanking you for telling it like it is. Yeah. All weekend, I'm arguing with people about this, you know, this guy was so insignificant. I mean, he was a sometimes celebrity. He wasn't even a blip on the ass of the human race. Nothing. He was a businessman if you could believe he actually edited a new magazine. Yeah, right. Like he did the work. Well, of course, all his associates spent all weekend long telling us how he was a very hands-on guy. He even edited the smallest of articles and he was like really about seven and so on. I like when he said he goes in his neighborhood, he could buy he's like a regular guy goes and buys dinner for 300 bucks. You know, like I do that all the time. Yeah. You know, he's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's 65 and all those who are so enamored with his father. Think that this man held anything for anybody. They're just so miserable. But you noticed though, all weekend long for all the hours and hours that countless tributes that have been going on. They don't tell you anything that he did because he never did anything. They didn't do anything. Actually telling it like it is. Okay, see it. I mean, yeah, he was died when he was 38, but it seems to me that his father was elected president was 43 and was in the Senate before that and the Congress before that. Never did anything of note. And yet we've had 65,000 freaking hours if you put all the networks together in all of the goddamn news channels to get it. It's just unbelievable how they try to orchestrate and manipulate public opinion. I've been telling that for a long time. You must deal this way because here's somebody that was very important. No, he wasn't. He wasn't even a pimple on on my record. I'm even a little tiny rugged pimple. Not a blip in the in the and and and you look back through history. People like Lindbergh. There was another real virulent anti-Semite Nazi hugging piece of crap. Lucky Lindbergh. That's staged by the way, the kidnapping and there's a lot of people believe he's going to kill the baby the kid in the first place. If you read the book. Oh, great American hero. Why? Because he flew a plane. Oh, I guess because he made it. And the same with Joe Kennedy and there's so many of these people in the Rockefellers. What was so wonderful about all these people? They were rich. They were rich and they were bastards. Henry Ford. There's another one. Yeah, another piece of crap. Here's more waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen, I'm a huge fan. Hey, but that's genetics. I like you too. I'm so glad you're telling it like it is. I can be more fed up with this Kennedy guy. I mean, William Kennedy Smith. He didn't come to Kennedy until he raped that poor girl out in Palm Beach. Yeah, he had to do that to become a real Kennedy. Yeah, I mean, he was really was missing until he done that. But I'm I'm like you. I'm thinner. Trying to figure out what has to do with KJ on you. You haven't done anything. You've got to do it. The little salute there when he was three years old. And then the next 35 years other than come out with a stupid magazine. He didn't do anything. Nothing. And the sad part about it. 10 years from now. Two elections from now. He probably would have been the president of the United States. Hey, listen, sorry to guys did. But life goes on. Right. Now, father died two years ago. The weather on the news. I guess you can probably have better guy than JFK Junior. How do you like that? Hey, you made up. Never store freight train. Thank you. I know. Okay, pal. What do you think? Come on. Let's hear from some of those Kennedy lovers out there who are because I know you're out there. Man, you just don't know. I'm going to do this here from a bunch of ass suckers today. Oh, thank you for telling it like it is. Well, I do deserve credit for that because I am telling it exactly the way it is unusual. But I'd like somebody to tell me what this young man did in his life that was so important. That was so lasting. Just like I hear a lot there about his mother who was nothing but a high price cooker. I've put it that many, many times. Mirroring it. It wasn't good enough that she came from the boomier who had more money than God. But she had a marine to the Kennedy's and then after he got the bumped off, that she had to go after the really big fish, which was Aristotle on Anciss. Now, let's face it. Is there enough money in the world to make any woman in his audience touch Aristotle on Anciss where he alive today? Jesus, the thought of it. He makes Ryan Jeremy look like a Mexican hairless. God. Perfect. Oh my God. You only was seven when she augured in, on through two more coverage for CNN, ignoring the weather and storms to avoid. For white trash, butch mother said she tied with joy. I'll pile it, pour it. Chai. I'll pile it. Sure too young to lie on your lips. You're never ever ever forgotten to be mine. Now the white trash butch mother must live through her son. But he says that flyers don't seem as much fun. Still he says you have to, to inform me. Now he'll be set up by July 3, TV. Chai. I'll pile it. Sure too young to lie on your lips. You're never ever forgotten to be mine. I'll show you a little bit of the way he's been, I'll show you a little bit of the way he was in the food, and north Toronto airport like last two days, a couple days before this happened. And then he took along another pilot with him because he was on crutches. You just had that accident. He was habbling around on crutches. Here's the lesson for all you kids out there. Somebody says come fly with me in my little private plane. Just say, okay, like Nancy Reagan would say, just say to the private plane, the puddles up are just saying, Look at all the people that have died in small private planes. All these arrogant people that think that they're, you know, hot shots. And how many hours had he had the training flying that plane that new plane that he had? Zero. The big. Oh. And, you know, and they keep reporting. It's like one minute they're telling you. There's no, there were no rafts on no life vest, no raft, no nothing on a plane. And of course, when a plane hits the water, it's like hitting cement especially at an angle. It's like hitting a brick wall. See, most people think, well, you know, the water is like soft. It's a false. When you're taking a dive from 1500 feet up in the air, it's just like hitting the guy. They met fire state buildings, like hitting cement. They made. And then they find a seat floating in the water. They find her piece of luggage, your suitcase with a name on it. And a prescription drug bottle with the name on it. And oh, well, you know, miracles. What are these people talking about? Of course, I guess if they would have just said right off the bat that they're presumed the lost and dead at sea, that would have taken away at least 50 hours from the coverage. They could milk it from, you know. See, one thing I want you to keep in mind, the media don't even consider there's any sincerity. They're okay. Even though they come out and they brought in Bob water. They brought all the heavy hiters in their Dan Rather and Brokeau and Peter Jennings. They dragged them out of bed. They brought them all in for the weekend. And they give you that Tony, Syrup, Syrosan, Syrthing. They don't give a crap about any of this. They care about as how much they can hyperventilate, how much of a show they can put on, and how much money they can make out of somebody else's misery and suffering. That's what the news media is all about. Make no mistake about that. So if you're buying into this crap, man, you're, and the thing with that child pilot thing, I mean, I remember we were back on I would do where I packed in. I remember talking about the fact that I saw this story in a morning on sea and then about that eight year old girl and they put her up there and the wind and the rain and was constant and there is to storm because while I had to get to their next publicity, they're photo opportunity. And I said, as soon as I saw it, I said, she's going to die. She's going to be dead. She's and that very day comes the news. Guess what? But I banged. She's dead. I don't know about you, but when you get on a commercial aircraft and you pay through the nose like I do all the time to get on a plane, you don't want to look up in a cockpit and see you're a girl sitting up there. Oh, guess what? It's two of these first flight today, but it's late, Connor. Everybody, she's real good. Are you want to see John John up there in the, you know, you know, living around on court says, hey, have no fear everybody. I come from a very, very exclusive family. It'll be just fine. And we're real good Catholics too, okay? If something wrong, I'll start rubbing my crucifix a little bit. Here's the West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, no, hi, don't. Okay, sir. I have one question. How much money is this going to cost us out of our social security? How many millions for all the airplanes? The C130s and the, I mean, how many, how much is it? Millions? You want me to say that? Yeah. Yeah. That's how they are. And I mean, millions just to look for them. Yeah. You know, I mean, send a boat out, look around and, you know, send out one of those boats like the Cubans use like smuggler Cubans in his house. What does little bro boats take a look around and let's get out of the life. A little raft. There you go. How about your drag by the way speaking of a little raft. He sure made better movies than John John. John Denver, I hated John Denver, but you know something that we're actually people that like his records. I didn't eat out in a plane crash, private plane. Exterminal plane. Experimental plane. Experimental plane. Dead. Buddy Holly. The big bopper. Richie Vailons. Dead. Rick Nelson. Dead. I mean, the air heart. Dead. He was a pilot. Still dead. Here's a mobile in, uh, haven't you hear her? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to know what's, um, this great Kennedy clan and everything. How come Caroline wasn't invited to the wedding? Because they, uh, they don't speak to each other. Or I guess they wanted anymore. You mean the first cousin? Right. The youngest daughter. Did not invite her cousin? That is, that is absolutely correct. Okay. A little, a little rift. Unbelievable. He did a little raft, but instead they had a little rift. There you go, pal. Well, you know, happens to the best of families and in the worst of families. It's a dysfunctional family. A case you haven't noticed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Are you people in the media? Let me tell you right now. K, all you assholes out there that think that you're going to whip the American public into a frenzy and make them care about something that's not very important. It isn't working. That was this audience because they're all calm to suck my ass. No, I don't think most people do buy into this. Any more than that, Diana bull crap. Now, the British, of course, they got sucked into that because they can't help themselves. They're emotionally, uh, captivated like I've told you for a hundred years. They have arrested development, the brids. And so that's all they know is the royal family this and the royal family that. And the queen is the disgusting old bitch and the queen mothers are disgusting old drunk. That it was thirty million dollars to the government, but don't want to talk about it. Yeah, there was an article about that in the Daily Mail. When we were leaving England a couple of weekends ago. About the queen mothers, she owes like I forget how many. I think it was thirty million. Quirlens to thirty million you ask, she doesn't want to discuss it. You old fact, she's 96 years old, she, you know, sits up there and booze in the bubble. They, she doesn't want to discuss her financial problems. And they say, okay, okay, queen mom will just remain mom on the subject. Twenty two before 11 at five, 60, W to Q a more in mourning here to the aren't we? Are we in mourning here at Q a and let's declare this an official day of mourning here on five, 60. Let's dispense with David Con's perfect game. Let's dispense with that stupid guy damn golfer, but the guy blew a three shot leave. Let's forget about all that unimportant stuff. Let's get immersed into the important stuff. John John, that's the important stuff. What? Huh? Three years old, thirty five years later, I'll go to the magazine and he was naked on a cover with his knees together. And some of the desperate women who had bad eyesight thought he was a real hot hunk. Other than that, did we hear anything from this man? Did he contribute an idea? See, I was saying it George before and I think I've got this down to a science. If you examine the Kennedy family, there are two distinct genetic pools here. They're the, no, really. There are the Kennedy's who are like, they look and they sound like Bobby and John and John and the senior and Teddy. They have that, that, that, that, that sound and they all tell you another thing. Then there are those who evidently have the genes of the retarded system that was getting all the electro shock there. They said that they put away was there a name rose marry or something like that? Rose marry. And they, they shut her away and try to, you know, cover it up and then give her a lot of electro shock like Jack Nichols and try to make sure that you, They didn't make too many sounds. They're like that. Kind of like a Helen Keller school of being the Kennedy. And, and you look at the, the bookteed like a, Michael Kennedy. And if you look at the, the Kennedy, I don't even, I can't keep them straight. I always say they're related to Bobby because he made kids like babies, you know, they reproduce like rabbits. The Kennedy that was going to get married to Saturday. She's also got the bookteed like Michael Kennedy. So obviously, that's like from the retarded side. And this one here, he must have been strictly with the boobie genes because he didn't look like any of them. He didn't talk like any of them. He didn't really say much of anything. He had a personality like, oh, that would be bad to say that. 20, 20, 20, no they had a personality of a dead man. Oh, bad. Are you saying he's got as much personality today as he did on Friday? Is that what you were saying because I'm not going to say that, that would be bad. Damn it, you little spick. That was George said that I didn't say it. Much had to do with nothing man, but boy, it's your kill a lot of good time for the media. They're in a hot summer swallowing weekend. Roger's got good five. Good five. Good five. Markman. Bring this you in and you will really good guy that had so much smoke. You can get you married a psychotic. That's right, nothing, nothing. But the good news is that cheap new looks sells for way because everybody knows that. It's LA. They let hunters walk every day. Another lots of have died thanks to yours like a bitch why, who had a treat to say it's like... Rit. A huge radio was a main show except that two were there. And some childish relationships. That's long, they're born. It's not all that bitch, your life would have lasted long. But she lets you know, George. Good five, Troy, mixed law. That you made of such bills that died on the dynamic murder of a hands that gun. And honey, I just blew your head off. Now, Lionel's Husk can't get rid of. She said anyway. Now they're day nine, I call it further. Is it okay? Is that the reason you let me weigh? I'm just just that you die so no your psychotic wife. With that cheap thing they might win. And the distance will never be the chain again. No. And I shall try just as sweet as Paul. It's alright. It's a good thing she says. So now they can defend that bitch. You have for a while. I don't want to give Roy up to it. Roll. But then what I think this whole Kennedy thing I think, O.J. done it. 1047 and 560 WQM 560 come on. Let's say George tells me that we're getting reports that they're putting flowers on the MacArthur The JFK. The JFK, but isn't the MacArthur console? I forget. Is it both? What is the JFK console? Here? Yeah. The renamed the MacArthur the JFK console. We've got the Venetian console. That's not it. The Julia title is definitely not it. I thought maybe there was a causeway I never heard of. He said it was the JFK console? Yeah. Maybe he was talking about it there. I don't know where that is. Oh, that's in New York. Is it in New York? I don't know. I don't care. They're putting flowers. They're throwing all the flowers up there in the Macritucias. Where the hell that is in the MacArthur's been in whatever. There's a lesson for all you kids out there. If somebody tells you to fly to the N.Tucket, just say. The JFK console is 79. The JFK console is 79. The JFK console is 79. The JFK console is 79. The JFK console is 79. What a slon that is. 79. The JFK console is a jfK console. And they're putting flowers up. I'll probably Bob Green went back down there with Cheryl. They did that as a joke. Yeah, we saw your thing by the way Bob Green, your green letter. I got that the green sheet. It would be in port taste to read that today. Funeral for a friend. I would assume being a good Jewish guy like you. A little bit of a rough monos. For the port desperate people like the Kennedy's. I would assume this would have been about that. But is it about that? No, it's about David Ross and about the death of Dolly 103. Goodbye, Dolly. It's cetera. As clear channel again, butchers and other one-strate radio station, G103.5, and turns it into Dolly which dies. And now is a coin above Green. The beats of Miami. Whatever it hell that means. So there you go. And by the way, I hope you and Peter Leonard have a great life together, Bob. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60, on the most of the other thing he brought in. Peter Leonard. That was supposed to, oh, that was that copy. He actually brought us in copy. You know who's a count that is though, if not his account. He's just a mule. He's just a pimple. I don't want to mention that it was Todd Drexer count that he don't bring us any copy. Personal. You know, come anywhere near here, which is fine with us. Here's a mobile info. Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, God. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? You know what was the real bummer this weekend was? Is that my satellite receiver? Yeah. Look at dies. It took a dive last week and trying to hit it six. So I'm back to like, 1970 TV. You know, I got three stations. And it was my way to good news is my high tattoo. I went home on Friday and got it all adjusted. It's not too bad. It was the worst because the only station I really get clearly, unfortunately, is that heterochol, fox station. Oh, hey. The spotting station. Yeah. And you know, I'm watching TV yesterday. And the news is all over. And I'm watching whatever they had programming on other symptoms or whatever. And then at 930, they got to come on a half hour early for their news. And it's the same thing. Every five minutes. The same reporter up and up and then talk it or whatever. Yeah. And they don't do anything more than what they said five minutes ago. It's just like George said. Here's the ocean and it's blue. Okay. Here's the water. Here's the water. Here's the water. Here's the water. Here's where the flight plan was supposed to be. Whether we're going all the way. We really don't know because he didn't file a flight plan. And that's it. And it's somewhere. First they said it was a 550 square mile radius. And then all of a sudden you would think that they would start narrowing it down. No, then it became a 1200 square mile radius. Right. They went bigger. Right. And it's a quarter down straight to the area. But the whole thing is, you know, it's like it's the same craft every five minutes. It's so annoying. Yeah. You want to reach it in the screen and punch them. And you know something even if you dish would have been working. And you would have been working and you would have had all the channels coming in. It wouldn't have made any difference because they all had the same craft. All the networks, all the new shows. Well, I'm sure it could have found something. But anyways, enclosing like the culture and you're a douchebag. Okay. And get the 100 junior five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Are we going to go to the whole four hours today without hearing somebody with a good word for a John John? What's wrong with you people? Don't you have any art? No. Don't you have any sympathy? No. And the empathy. And just through the through fifty five years over five decades of nonstop tragedy and grow test current is things. Just because the father was a bootlegger in a liar and a Nazi at a piece of turd. Here's plantation. Hello. And what a shame that he had that stroke and lived so many of his last years in misery. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? You know, I've been listening you for a past. And for now, why you got to bring like Catholic up with this stuff? I mean, this was a good family. The disson says. Yeah. And you have to bring this up all the time. How's Mary's your company doing by the way? Hey, that was a mistake. There was no big deal. There was a mistake once somebody died. I mean, what's the problem with him? I mean, the problem with a walk. That's a mothie. What about you? I'm a man, then rest in peace. Yeah. That's a whole family rest in peace, eh? Yeah. But you don't have to bring up religion in everything. I mentioned it in passing. Sir, but if you want to make it a big deal. If you want to get into a big deal, I would have to get into a big deal. I would have to get into a big deal. We're very, very connected. I thought they were screw everything they needed on. Go out to your ass, Bill. I'm not going to listen. My hysterical, a psychotic, very defensive cat-lic friend. See, this is one of America's most famous mafia families. What's the kind of these? Now, you won't see any movies in, of course, not them. And Mary, I'll please, oh, there you go. How stupid I am. Just died, like 10 days ago. Didn't Mary I'll please, oh, give us a million times more enjoyment than John John. I mean, is there any doubt? Yeah. There you go. Godfather 1, 2, and even 3, which we apologize for the bad acting, but nevertheless Mario Puzzo, of great Italian-American and Catlick. Of course, I had the audacity to expose all the corruption in the Catholic Church, and I wouldn't be talking about any of this right now if I were for him inspiring me to do it. But thank you so much, sir. What was the difference between the Kennedys? I mean, they were in Irish Catholics. See, this is one good little, a little bit of a heat off the Italians from in it. Okay, this was an Irish Catholic Mafia family. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Hello? Yes, sir. Hi. I'm an orange. All this time I've been talking about JFK diet and JFK. There's some JFK. Nobody mentioned anything about the two other people that were on the plane. Right. And I just don't think it's there. And they weren't famous. I mean, she was just, you know, the one was his wife, and the other one was much less famous because she was just a wife sister. Exactly. Nobody cares about you unless you're famous. Exactly. They were just on a plane, pitching a ride and, and, and, noting a ride. I don't have that record, right? I'm hitting a ride. That would be good. You know, although George was telling me, I didn't hear this news report that the wife was the one who insisted that they make the flight that he didn't want to do it because the other pilots didn't, did you see that report? The other pilot there in Jersey didn't make the flight because it was very hazy night and said that when you're flying on VFR it's very easy to get disoriented and a planking upside down, etc. But they're wife allegedly insisted because he wanted him to take the sister home. Yeah, I heard that. And I don't know, parents, a group of parents just lost two daughters. I already thought about the Kennedy system and Kennedy guy. Right. Right. I mean, I'm making John John Newt a few of the nice guy, but we all have to tell you, how do you know he was a nice guy? Well, all you know is the public picture that they portray, just like Diana. She may have been a raven bitch. I don't know. But they portray this picture for public consumption. We didn't know him. And there's anything you'll be here about that. Another high school that was probably recruiting clerical stuff. No. Oh, okay. Great. Well, I didn't see the story so I'm not going to put the name on here, but nevertheless, well, maybe they used to do altar boards over there at Columbus High. Oh, see, there it goes again. Well, that one guy inspired me, you know. I'm going to get out my rosary beads and my crucifix and my wafer and my chalice. Oh, yeah. Greek a little out of the goblet. I don't know that. Just to get that guy, I'll lift up into a frenzy. Why don't you face it, Pat? You're part of a corrupt goddamn mob. That's what you're part of. All right. Every time the mob, somebody dies in a mob, they have a good, catacfutable forum. Don't they? Oh, yeah. When does that Joseph Pannon think on? Is that a network thing with the Martin, uh, Norman? What's the name, Martin? Um, you know who I'm talking about? From mission impossible. It's playing a jobanoss. Martin Balsam and his wife's name was what was it in? From fishing impossible that they walked out because they didn't know. Was it a barber? No. I don't think so. Martin Balsam and, uh, come on. Now, which was the guy that died from mission impossible, the black guy? He was good. What was his name? Oh, it's actually the important people that people who made a difference in our lives, the people who entertain us, who infuriated us, who amazed us, who made a slap. We can't remember their names. Martin, Landau and Barbara Bane. Barbara Bane, there you go. Barbara Bane, thank you so much whoever called in and tells whoever, I know something in the audience, which is obviously more than we do. Thank you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No. Goodbye, Chris Farley. You great big fatty. Always acting like a great big fat dump retard. And every filthy little bad thing. To that poor David's Bay, his career could say cause. Hollywood has left is that famous TV show we won't be making buddy movies no more. And you wanted to be just like John Felucci and have John and these kids. Yeah. You finally dated but we're not too careful what you wish. You gave us not so much love on Saturday day night but you were way too young to die to commit fat men to a side. Goodbye, Chris Farley. What did you eat to? No, it's like a big balloon eating like a fool that would only bring you certain men. The farmers are upset and all you left was some terrible movies and a few days of your time that will fill to make a music. And you wanted to be just like John Felucci and have John Felucci. You finally dated but we're not too careful what you wish. Go to have kids and hold up the unknown. That's it. Oh, you reached the pizza in the sky. You got so sad you got a hot. Regmores did. He got a long time ago. Did we have a big dinner today? Stop all the goddamn presses. Did they pre-enter goddamn soap operas and every other news show in the history of television and Greg Morisides? No. Epidate didn't baby. How not do you muscle do the nose? It's who I think. Is it from an uptrisome pilot? You know what I'm talking about with those things? Now we got to look for his thing. We can kill a good couple hours doing it. Oh man. The people who really made a difference. I'm not saying maybe they were like a rocket science but people who had their taintest people who amuse us. People who did something to change to have an impact on our lives. These people croak every day and they get a couple of lines in the goddamn obituary column and maybe a little blip on CNN and maybe on your local newskits. And that's a good buy. Stick the rest in the ground. Next. But because somebody is glamorous and from a very overblown family. And again keep in mind I was a big JFK fan Bobby Kennedy. Ted I love Ted. Okay even always not agent too well to say the best nevertheless. I can only imagine of course you do realize that the candidates are one of those families that you either love them. There aren't too many indifferent people in that middle group. Either love them or you hate them like poison. Like George does. Yes you do. But you hate the candidates come on stop the crap. You're you're missing my voices. You're right. You're like what you like and hate what you're but my point is this. Can you imagine they're feeling now. They're going yeah like that. That's right. That's what they're doing today. Another one bites that out there be another song to play that would be in very bad taste. We were going to play that thing by the dead Kennedy's but it was a terrible song. And the dog do it would be in very poor taste. Oh stop. Here's my me be. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah listen. I just kept thinking about this whole thing because first of all he did absolutely nothing. Absolutely correct. He did absolutely nothing. And you hit the nail on the head with America's Princess Diana. Because he does absolutely nothing. He couldn't even pass the bar twice. I mean at least with Diana they gave her a couple of phony you know they a landmine they gave her a couple of things to go out and dittle around and be because they do that with royalty. They give them some issues to run around and make a big stimulus about like they're doing something meaningful with their lives. Right. Well you can see that with something that was just shown jogging in central part. Right. Well I bought this. He was just being a who is just being a famous Kennedy that's all he ever was. Right. And then when they gave him that big ovation at the Democratic Convention to 88 it had nothing to do with him. It had to do with his father and absolutely nothing to do with him. He could have had a statue and it would have gotten the same ovation. The thing is that this country is moving more to a path to some. Right. But you're just basically just born and from it. And that's basically it. Now the thing is he was heading towards toward Ted Kennedy's uh... Sentency. No not only that. Just towards his legacy because uh nobody had a little bit of a there. There are people who say that he would have uh you know done nothing just run a magazine for a couple years. Then we'd Ted had a hang it up when the fat finally got to him that he was going to run and the course would get elected immediately automatically. You know well Ted's never passed the bar a bar in his life either. That's right. Okay. And they'll you have a good one. And say hi to Mary Jo. We'll do. Okay. Seven minutes after a lot of and then when Mary Jo completely died I'll be glad of course the Kennedy fact is that they want to nail him to the cross. I mean a lot of guys get drunk and they go out there and uh you know they drive off the road and some bitch dies. I mean there's a lot of leave in there. And he went down there diving. Don't you believe that? He could he he he he he he would divers do a deeper by the way the divers are going down to shaft in on. What's this that they become. They're having a party at the White House. That's a bunch of little things. They're coming back to one of the moms. They're just having a party at the White House. There you go. All right. It's the soccer team isn't it? That's the women soccer team. There's a big smile on Bubba's face. He's probably gotten a little bit before it came out. He looks like he just got a little Kennedy head. Yeah. Look at this. They're having the women's uh dicha ball team there at the White. They're not going to stop just because we got another dead Kennedy. Okay. I saw in Bubba. See that's another thing this poor guy. This poor guy. He'll so bad for this guy. You know he's done a pretty damn good job under impossible circumstances. They've been after him since the minute he walked into that guy then building. And the guy gets a couple of blow jobs. Okay. Which is nothing. I mean careless. Yeah. And uh SMARMY. But the Kennedy's used every time Jackie would be like 10 blocks away from there. They'd have they they had like a bat thle and they know the whole clan, the whole Kennedy clan and all their aides would come rushing in there to the pool. They had uh naked orgies and went on for hours for days as long as that fix they could keep her out of there. And it was well known just like with Roosevelt and all the others. But the difference in those days was the median knew that you just kept your mouth shut. The recertain things you didn't talk about because we weren't in this guy. They'm totally voyeuristic of sex uh sexually neurotic and obsessive society like we are today. So today if the president or senator somebody gets blow jobs, oh it's gotta be on the nightly news and we gotta have a whole report on it with the regular did uh you know what a whole thing where did he stick his cigar? Correct. Um senator and so on. You just don't do that. So there's a man who knows how to party. Look at him. Yes it reflects the values that we honor most. There you go like I just said there we are. All right good timing. Baba. Everybody likes so little ass but most people like a lot of ass and that's what he says. Those are the values that we reflect them on. Hi, it's going. 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T Wireless line. Like he said when he inverting Jordan got their playing golf, they talk about ass maybe that's what they talk about. And I need you ass is sick and you talk badly. Listen to me it's just stand blinds me for soficking and it's sad. Where everything is out to the high soficking standard. The selection isn't just huge it's soficking huge. Believe me you'll never shop anywhere else and soficking prices aren't just low they're soficking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me when I say soficking as a beautiful school I mean soficking beautiful. And I can't even help you. I mean soficking helpful. Listen to me get the know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge. A staff that's soficking turdiest and try to say that a soficking low you'll never shop anywhere else but don't take it for me. Take it from ratified custom I Frank and Stein. Soficking good. You're satty fracking soficking good. 1114 is 560 WCM and have a big party up there with the woman soccer dice at the White House. They're just put all this behind them I mean what are you going to do more than forever? You go to the country is supposed to be I mean the news networks they they want us to continue with this for days and weeks on in like OJ you know we can't do that there's nothing more to say the bodies they have them found they will find them maybe maybe not the plane whatever that's that dead dead people that's all tragedy it happens that's it and a guy before that was all upset that good professional cat like I talking about what a great family this is you know really if you want a nitpick about that if you want to go into what about the things that the people of this family have done okay not to mention Joe Jr and how he had a quick politics because his wife wrote that tell all book and you decided you don't want to be governor of Massachusetts after all because he was a philanthropy scumbag and about let me see if I get these straight now Michael with the body and the skiing accident who was screwing the under your age your girl and the David was the one at the time from a drug overdose and when him Kennedy Smith is the one at Roy Blackout off up there in Palm Beach on the rape charge and and how's Merlin Monroe doing at sediment so on I mean you can go down yeah there were people in this family that did some good things had very good lofty goals etc so unlike Ted see everybody thought just because Ted drove off the bridge he was going to be the black sheep he turned out to be the good guy he's the only one to make any sense anymore 567 a 0560 in Palm by and then of course there was always Peter Wafford here's cutler red chill out yes sir you know what the full thing with John Kennedy is discussing you're absolutely right it's just a media taken taking this whole thing over and sucking up everybody's time on it yeah John was fully responsible for what he did there the give you kill themselves because he was unexpiring the extremely bad weather could be a not that hard for the team very purposeable right and nobody has thought that up nobody I think we had to be playing Jimmy Henderson purple hazed today and honor this all I agree with you on that I agree with you finally when Jimmy Henderson died not that I was a big Jimmy Henderson fan but certainly a lot of people enjoyed his music buddy was one of the great artists of our time did they make a stick about this when Jimmy Henderson died but he also killed himself too because you know you all around his own cube right we were still not a little bit of a ridiculous I sure if I'm going ever does that we make a big deal of the somebody's a responsibility you know what the touch of the interest be as it's part of the arrogance I'll take it to the other is just for a news and they've got a lot of opportunities and I'll talk about the media yeah okay have a great time you too all the way said that it was part of the arrogance and then other I'm finding out that the wife you know to bride oh yeah well you gotta go ahead and do it because you know we got to get my sister home okay well guess what she ain't gonna get home maybe in a box but we're not of us gonna get home because he listened to her see that was the point he should never have been a pussy and listen to her and let her call the shots he should have been a little more domineering I told you he was like a wet sponge he didn't have that he didn't have that charisma baby he didn't have that whispers you know he was just like yeah neither fish nor foul like happy ochre putting and that was the his downfall in the end just say no for some domineering bitch okay I guarantee you had plenty of action his life better than her guaranteed here's South Miami hello good morning New York yes sir I do it six great ace um secretary's month away like I said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T.Y. was not listen let's call on beside have a great life okay wish them well and the go find him soon all her boys here's uh Holly would hello yes sir I'm drying out the rug in front of my TV set it's uh soaked from all the tears that I saw yeah can you imagine uh people with no life whatsoever crying uh their eyes out over someone they never met that and never never will know right did nothing for them right and we're in the turtle in their life but they consider it as tragedy right well that's because the news media is telling them this is the way you're supposed to think in a public 95% of our bunch of sheep sir whatever the media tells them they're supposed to think they say oh yeah that's right okay I'll cry over the death of my dog but not over not over some idiotic bitch bastard that's absolutely correct the idle rich yeah I do rich it by the way if you want to know something about the the idle rich there's a book called uh Syria the leisure cry class why people worship the rich it's written by a man by the mobile beef we brown in 1898 yeah and it's uh it's by the way it's a classic book and sociology even though the book is over 100 years old yeah it shows how stupid people can be at the and how they are trained by the media and by society the worship these people like like their kings and queens it's a sickness it's an absolute sickness okay okay have a nice god bless us why do i'm going to champagne party celebrating that's okay okay well see it's a white house there have a big party on a white house long oh no what a yeah WNBA whatever hell they are I mean the W whatever they call that thing the soccer what do they call it yeah you like you would know the soccer the day queen five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line come on somebody between now and two o'clock we gotta have the people to say you're wrong you're wrong you don't know what you're talking about you're always pouring cold water on our party on our parade we're having a big party over here we're mourning Peter Lupus by the way the mission impossible Peter Lupus very good do you want to give you died from Lupus three we're not even something but anyway Peter Lupus I'm pretty sure he's dead too and I know Greg Morris is dead he was great Barney when that was named on the show burning and of course Peter Graves he's still doing those uh him and Jack Perkins are still doing those things on agony those biographies which I love that show and how long by the way do you think before they live up together on biography on a and a J.A.F. John John huh I bet you before you can say crap before you can even take one they'll have that thing whipped up on there you can go take that to the bank that'd be a half hour special that'll be a fifty hour mini series huh I'm to see that's the thing I understand what what besides the thing where he's saluting the coffee casket he's between that and George magazine and he's naked on the cover and the family got been up to shave about that which they just showed on here fifty times be besides that what is there is there anything oh no and flunk in a barzanne twice I mean I'm sure there's plenty of other nice people out there will flunk the barzanne twice three times whatever okay it doesn't mean that they're bad people it just means they're you know yeah not so bright here's Boca hello hey Neil yes sir I mean the guy's failed at everything he's ever tried nobody should uh really be surprised that he can't fly a plane either kind of cold yeah it's kind of cold I know but you know I'm so sick of watching this guy exit you know some you know trendy restaurant or part of building is an act like you know he wants his privacy please leave me alone and meanwhile he's looking for the nearest camera in Mike right that's right I mean photo opportunities and I've listened to people talk about how oh he's so good looking and he's this he's that I never thought so I thought he was very bland looking he was like boring but boring in his speech and his appearance everything about him was boring I think what they're saying is he's he's a Kennedy who isn't like painful to look at yeah compared to the rest of from from Bobby side I mean what's with those teeth they have well they kept their motholes I mean JFK was a good looking guy and so his Bobby if he kept his motholes they should open him off in the bucket beaver teased started chicken out they had a problem it might have been sabotage it might have been that uh cousin or whoever he criticized uh in his George magazine yeah there you go you know screw in the except except the cousin is already dead so that's the one I got killed in the skiing accident so you know these guys are hard to keep track of isn't it they really ought to stay in the house you know yeah I mean they just stay in there with a babysitter there you go I mean they they they act like there's such accomplished sportsmen see if Peter lawford was still around to range all the social agenda then they wouldn't have to go out too much have a great day I don't hear anybody broken up in this audience I'm begging I'm still pleading let's hear somebody out there who thinks they were really call us and behaving in an inappropriate way today there's such a person in his audience who's got the coin to tell us they're all full of crap oh I haven't heard of me yet somebody who's in tears somebody who's on the verge of losing it because something so growth test poor John John has met his maker and don't start with those Marvin maker lines again from on a cello they have no idea who that is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line we could compile a very very very ample list of very talented well-known people of entertainers politicians musicians all sorts of people who have died just in the last couple years who made much greater contributions to our lives to American society and culture than John John ever could have dreamed of doing and did they make a big song to dance about that did we had like seventy two hours of virtual non-stop coverage like the world was coming to an end about that no and that's because you people in the media are crazy people and getting crazy by the minute but we resist that's the point we're resisting and we're not getting sucked into your bullcraft and there are those of us walk it all bent out of shape because you tell us we ought to win it's very important because guess what you might think it's important but it's not here's my any hello yes sir what is the yeah what's going on how are you know but we're really still having that celebration of the way house we don't know what it's all over with now president when inside do uh get some action come on let me ask you uh what's wrong with the media today why don't they start focusing on about this whole thing on the real issue why don't they focus about the two sisters a little bit more even though they may not be a female why don't they just figure that this can happen to anybody and then be saying that they got over there on that fox channel this show and the damn weatherman who's in who drives airplanes and they're asking him about his opinion why don't they want to be not giving so much attention to these guys when they didn't give us any attention right exactly they didn't give anybody attention but yeah we're giving them a damn with which they seventy two hours eighty hours they shut it off man shut it off and leave it off they didn't give us another don't let stop on this crap by say shut it off right now it's just it's just the fall of all of us because we're even wasting time talking about it not that not the design of the against the man but you gotta look at all this stuff they'll be here talking about the planes and every time this plane again and a plane is broken and and this and that show and all the other stuff man it could just happen anybody the case and this and it was watery and it was ice and whatever and all the crap crap is the word man you got it but now that's but they're really just uh they're just going on that celebration uh at the white house right there they're having a party have a great like I said have it a big party up there president you were a great spirit smile from here to here i mean he did you know he did his thing and he talked to ten a couple of times and all the people in the family and they made the a pro all of proper inquiries were made like Marlon Brando said i want all inquiries made and that was it and now we move on even flip spice for the man CNN right now thank god is doing the regular weather he's not doing the a man tuck at weather the Martha's vineyard what do you love about that's what they've been doing all weekend long every time they do a weather cast like what the ridden is to make what the weather is going to be now they're dead oh but we have to see what's going on with the surcharge uh the where there's what was the surcharge and rescue operation and it's not only the surcharge operation because rescue i guess at this point is a little bit out of the question and of course you notice how they had a tick to all weekend long every one of these shows Tim Rossard all these other wrestles well uh we don't want to talk about him in the past tense because there's still always that chance god always that chance of what that he's going to float up on sure and just jump right up and say hey guess what i'm still alive hey and then go break out into a song and a dance routine i don't think so not in the real world not last time i checked okay it doesn't work that way boys and girls i know some of you would drop a lot of acid there if the network's not can i understand all that heavy competition but i mean let's get serious you you're the people the public are laughing at you we're sitting back in more laughing we don't want to laugh or cry because you give me a parent of being serious all the surcharge continues i can just see six weeks from now they're freaking surcharge continues because it's the middle of the summer and it's not squat going on we don't have any war and cost of all anymore there's nothing going on but ordinary decent people in this country are dying every guy damn day does anybody care about that they get any coverage on there more than two seconds oh i'll tell you the way their cover this makes that tragedy a little than color rattle all those school kids that pale into winch significance you would have thought that that was nothing compared to this and they were just kids who wanted to go to school one day goodbye old eco rhymes with tips soon and you fell off your exercise by can't think you died and lie around for most of the day or out the hell else can you say good point see there's another example governor he couldn't he died here not enough that many months ago anybody make a big timmiss about that oh the governor of the state like him or not like him i mean basically his personality was kind of like a little pumpkin boy but never stole a freight train lost well buck scambling when he was little boy and therefore gambling was evil and we have to pay for his stupidity but nevertheless sir better what we got in there now by a long shot never read my income but it anyway the governor of the state dies was there any big even on the local channels was there a big song and it's about that recoverable of what we're getting now oh no putting flowers on a 79st week causeway you know something they should have put flowers on that causeway along time ago not for JFK junior but for the goddamn area for for sunning in the market that's what they should have done for flowers on that thing and of course for WIG is well here's a mobile and key largo hello what an un-six is having a mobile and key largo hello yeah yes sir I add a little thing to this deal about the appearance of JFK junior it's something that I've always contended as the why he doesn't look like the rest of them yeah I think Aristotle and asses is his father thanks so I think that there's got that kind of read that Greek look to them now that you mentioned you look at the picture of an asses and you look at the Kennedy junior he doesn't look a bit like anybody else in the same year yeah and he looks very much like that follow an asses yeah and that's my take on it of course he was born in 1960 well that's my chicken of in school known asses back in a while she's been friends they had been friends for years right here you know I think you finally hit on a pallet that you got it well appreciate your show love you did that but thank you I'm sorry I think this guy's got he don't look like any of the other Kennedy's the other Kennedy's I mean it you look a little like newly you know like Mr. Red they have that the the book you be over the teeth uh nothing he didn't sound like them he didn't look like them I wouldn't be surprised that they you know of course they'll cover it up like the Kennedy's their famous for doing just like Bobby Kennedy dropped the original cans get from my brother and you remember that couple months ago is that interesting how as years go by we find out how much our government lies to us and we find out that Bobby Kennedy ordered that casket dropped with the president's brain and with all the other stuff in it and now we find out that they had a good luck and goodbye for the astronauts up on the moon when him Sapphire was under again yesterday tell you know and they actually showed the script of what he had written not for Nixon to read about well unfortunately the uh uh the shuttle or stuck up there on a moon and good luck and we're cutting off communications and saying goodbye and the video going to come into a side of star to that on the moon because if the uh the module wouldn't have operated wouldn't have function and uh brought him back to earth they would have been dead and we were prepared for that of course did we tell him that of course not 17 years later they're finally telling us well we didn't really expect him to come back but yeah two bad they didn't tell that to the astronauts going up on the challenge you're huh five six oh yeah that was one over the school teacher that's where Reagan said that day and I guess his Alzheimer's must have said him what about 1950 if somebody would have just said that GE light bulb off over his head and see whether he recognized it not maybe it might have helped us we're still waiting for it to trickle down by the way here is uh Kendall hello yes sir you're wonderful I don't know if you would understand Ronnie had an embarrassing BM that they were a compound on California over the weekend Nancy said oh that trickle down it's still working go ahead yes you're talking to me I am I was just going off you know you know I just tuned in and you are as usual right on it yes I am and uh uh has anyone pointed up the fact yet that he was headed for GE head when he went down GE head that's right it may have been active God now that you mentioned it yeah he was headed right for GE head and right he went down and I saw that on the map which they only showed a 50,000 times GE head yeah yeah and I thought well finally something I can relate to and I want to tell you that uh George is a wonderful replacement for you and your God he has a genius take hope you show when you leave he's going to him about a week and have a great day Pat I do okay hey listen I'm no fool baby I had enough of this crap I'm going to go talk to intelligent people somewhere can I find him no five six seven oh five sixty pomp I mean if we hadn't intelligent intellectual audience here they would be saying brilliant things about the great accomplishments of John John which are uh what are they I heard he could make a mean cheese omelet yeah I don't think so I doubt it for it's people don't cook five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the 18th T.W. and look it by the way speaking of royalty and real British royalty look at every God damn marriage over there's ended in divorce huh how do you like that every single one of the marriages over there in the royal family of ended in divorce in his uh this house of winter they these Germans masquerading his brits what I want a bunch of crap and that constipated a little queen mum block is did she she's 30 million dollars overdrawn under account but she don't want to talk about it and that's right try it yourselves on your visa and master card in american express try running up 30 million and then let it call you and he starts in the attorneys letter just I don't want to talk about it click here's four loiterdale hello mister booze bill alone is probably that much yes sir I'll tell you one of the JFK's uh red accomplishments yes they end reviewed a woman with night that what the college was him yes John John and first John John three other here the college off of the waffles campus yeah and each week they had a certain thing that do like cleaning one week they're cooking one week oh yeah and so it came to this time the queen and he told her that he didn't have a clean the toilet so she killed him and he said he's acting very much yeah because he's ever cleaned the toilet before and he'll probably never do it again when he means college but he really appreciate her showing him and she's what that was marvelous to refer we were really appreciated that show that moves me almost as much as the picture the jacen brought in here on friday of that the uh one of his uh turd in the toilet bowl yeah that moved me so why was the one and and do we're all on the my 12 okay thank you for the good news and it's a matter of fact it's a good I'm not sure if jacen took that picture with a polar rod it might have been a brownie 567 0560 5560 on the 18 whatever light it is the shower well am I full of it today or what yeah I'm all ripped up I got a whole new life going out baby I feel like I've been reborn don't ask me why not tell oh my gosh it's just astonishing that they're just you know it's like the election thing coming up week from this Thursday by the way another 10 days away that's right today's the 19 10 days 29 when the public is just gonna say oh well what is it oh thank you Paul is corruption here in Miami date county to our corrupt mayor who belongs behind bars trying to pull the wool over your eyes by the way speaking of jacen wooly Gordon Murphy was the airport to run a last night didn't get a chance to talk to him one of my listeners who also was an attorney that did the closing on my mother's condom and brought my mother's condom in case mom is listening right now nice Jewish boy he came over papa papa he was a good guy and anyways his old there's Gordon Murphy over there he's on a way to Atlanta he and his family or on a way to Atlanta to a buy a house because of course he was trading to the Atlanta thrashers for Trevor Kid and I said well what a Gordon Murphy think about the Brian Murray said he's an asshole what about Terry Murray he's an asshole thank you tackle it can't keep a packer in his hand and now language lab the show the teachers you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds today's lesson Greek lesson one strawberry pie from very fine listen to apple pie apple pie let's be free pumpkin pie pumpkin pie customer what kind of pie do you have answer apple pie spit on Betty and funky language lab is a public service and the nutty copy it or a surprise for yourself thank you 16 till noon at 560 WCM we got hand get you all those today to the six we got Donnie beat talking a little baseball six to clock 630 we got the marlins at the red sogs seven o'clock game time seven or five from family and you're just not know after they blew a 21-year-old lead yesterday here's Barbara Kellum and first all let's see divers to search for the wreckage of John F. Kennedy Jr's plane here's Barbara Kellum and who's a first family historian with Mrs. Kennedy on assets running a pretty tight ship with those kids and whatever that means I think that guy was right Greek now no no no turn into a sexual thing okay here's for waterdale hello the world's sexiest mermaid go over okay thanks bro you and a voice of a white guy 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T where I was fine I think OJ done it here's a four-laterdale hello yes sir I'm watching TV and all are showing stuff on JFK you know I got tired so I was watching an and they showed a barp on JFK you know on junior yeah they already got one help oh no they know they still JFK tough kind like Mary Quinn from with a system yeah yeah yeah yeah well funny junior yeah you know they sure don't waste any time yeah really haven't found the body yet they're already doing it did they find a body yet no not yet really they're working on a feverishly though yeah really I'm a and uh uh for all the other thing yeah well have a great day 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T while I was lying they've already got the thing or here's Wendy Lee author of Prince Charming Riverist towards women that but there's a story that one day when he was going help the health of the young people talk a group of rowdy kids cruel kids ran after them both and started shouting your father said your father said and John instead of reacting himself protected his mother he held her hand more tightly and searched it's which was feel alright yeah he's joking alright 560 560 560 560 on it isn't there something we have to have all these little uh stories now we have to have all these little personal uh uh interviews and the memories and all these little vignettes of uh crap is what we got little drops of dirt on our brain as if uh and of course that's what you have to do when there's nothing there's no meat there you know that's what we need what they'll always her name the uh words the meat lady where's the beef that's what we need clear up pillar where's the goddamn beef and they don't have any so that's why we have to keep everything all these little cute anecdotes as if uh there was really something there he squeezed his mother's hand tight well isn't that great high priced hooker bitch here's Orlando hello hey Neil yes sir uh wouldn't be something if uh it was not of its favorite tech put to mock you can it's just from that point wouldn't that be something huh i tell you what about the frosting on the cake and there's something else he was last seen at the uh what you may not know about it but up here there's a notorious uh bgabarko the parliament house yeah and he might have a parliament huh of course you think there's a gabark in the world that i don't know about well they allowed to what are incident anything with any out uh he was last seen here in dry with the daughter uh so i figured that's uh that's where there are a couple of minutes on the TV you know that can bring any of my dad out actually it's real slow i can't believe it didn't bring out there was two but those the cubits hit the beach again i figured that would be a thing news if you ride it in Miami now we're in the workshop that even their war not on that they don't to they want something to look exciting oh thank god well tell George he's good on the air and no we miss him and we'll see you soon okay you're good on the air they miss you George and we'll see 560560 pump i've 60 on the AT&T wireless line see how life is you keep your chin up baby that's what uh monocoloancio we said keep your chin up and wipe it off a little bit that's what in Reckless said all of them all like all of it off because then it don't soak into your uh skin and make it nice and smooth and younger again maybe that's why in Reckless so lovely huh he must be uh he must be pushing a lot of that stuff into his pores he said it's pouring over here here's a lady in the north Miami hello yes man um meal first of all but morning and i think you're totally brilliant yes i am very very pleased you're back again thank you i mean you're not upset that George isn't still filling in i don't even know George is my George um number one i had a king name George that's true the madness of king George the third yes of course king George the sixth had a little bit of a speech uh in fact there were a they it was kind of like a Kennedy daughter they kept him locked away most of the time if it was a big my right hand of lame them he sounded like he had a lemon in his mouth didn't he he's not like in a persimmon in his pool yeah i think it was king George the sixth one if I did that great British Delkos he spotted Dick but never to live yes he had given me stitches you really are you're getting that to this man has about all these candidates and this boy that went down in flames and water and many years ago he's grew up around the water they just gravitated the water it seems maybe many years ago when my husband was training to be you know a small a private pilot the inspector drum did into head and mine too there are old pilots and there are bold pilots but there are no old bold pilots now this um your man he was very very reckless there were many points um that he went flying that night that were really a very bold and very reckless many many points why he should not there was no one on crutches wasn't he in a gliding accident just a few days before i think that's how we got uh his leg all busted up he was in a uh he was uh a reckless like you said the the idle rich always tend to be reckless that my real uh point is that his recklessness and his carelessness has cost a mother the lights are too blocked yeah but don't forget it was his wife now the reports saying the wife was the one who insisted uh that they wanted to go that's no bearing on it the pilot is the captain that's absolutely correct the responsibility had a fall and the human responsibility and he certainly had not the qualifications for the night flight the overwater flight the uh you know many points which I written down very well and talk about so therefore i think if he were not a candidate it would be viewed as like a murder like a double murder yeah and there's a doubt that and this poor mother and well that would be up to him that his wife but take two and take them down with you well take to and call me in the morning or Neil I you are brilliant I tell you again uh and you your analysis of everything is remarkable and i'm very very happy to hear you every morning and you keep me in stitches I love you I told you that a few years ago I'm telling you but you never believed I believe but I still love you I see yeah see how to the queen and the old queen mom five six seven oh five sixty in fact that's what Ted Kennedy said they have to chat with quidic mom's the word five six seven oh five sixty and pond five sixty on the 18t i mean didn't get that could a little bit old though after while hearing about rose Kennedy and about how they would have to break the news anyone the old man was still alive and sitting there in the chair looking straight ahead going yeah it would uh i guess they finally stop telling them because if they they figured if they could you know told them one more tragedy that would put him right over the edge you know so for those who your people who think that there isn't justice i mean yeah sometimes there's no justice but sometimes there is so the fact that the old man had that horrible the stable in stroke and live for years and years in that the my vegetative state and that barely cognitive state of massadoujits maybe you know maybe sometimes what comes around goes around five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's Miami hello yes sir hey are you doing okay Tony nice try go waste your time someplace else okay where they might want to talk to you which we don't on this program or we speak English five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's a lot of hell hello how are you doing Neil okay sir i dated rose Kennedy and she always said it was Jay Edgar Hoover was the father John John yeah well we know that ain't true are you sure no i'm positive of that okay yeah okay go take three in call us in a morning yeah Jay Edgar Hoover was the father in fact i would be surprised that he was hanging out there up there at Gayhead five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's the lady in Miramar hello hello yes man yeah yes I am okay listen i have been wanting to call you for weeks my name is Louise and the reason i was going to call you is because you always spoke so finally of Bill Carter right i had a home uh pull service for like 15 years and i did his pull right and i wanted to thank you but he's such a sweet man you know he was always so nice when everything now with this Kennedy business kind of everybody is so hyped up on Kennedy but nobody you know people like Bill called it that pass on that's right nobody he's very early i've 50 words in the up in newspaper here when Bill Carter was on here here several times were a lot of period time was one of my best friends he dies gets nothing exactly he was a great guy he was a wonderful man and it it's not fair you know it was like when i would do his pull it was always on a third day and about ten o'clock in the morning so my curiosity got the best of me and i said to him Bill what do you do for living and he smiled any such a mean when i'm employed because i never listened to the radio until i met Bill and and how Joel so about two weeks later you all signed him on and he called me in the truck and he said Louise you have to put your radio to someone's station and i've been hooked at the fence great but he was he is such a sweet man yeah and and people like that need to be applauded not make all the fuss about you know all this year about the idle rich yeah amen thanks Louise i'm happy to see okay we got seventeen hundred open lines all of a sudden here because the cat's got their tongue and you notice we've done almost half the show today and we had one person that i call and say that no no one person said today that the media is right in all this and of course it was the same when i came back after that seven month hiatus and princess Diana had died did we have one person who said that it was a reverent not to be all better shape about that who gave a crap about that bit no not one not single one i mean you know assuming that we live in a society where we place a high premium on human life which we don't but we should from that perspective yet tragic when three you know relatively young people die but it happens every day every day a little kid died those two assistants all kinds of horrible stuff happens and you in basult in the media oh yeah all crap happens you know it's not a big deal but when somebody who's part of the idle rich somebody who's part of this fabricated royalty of America's they call it when they die well it's you know we're gonna be worth at least 72 hours and believe me you ain't seen nothing yet now that they've made it official that they finally thrown in the towel and they're just looking for uh parts plain and people parts now you just wait now it's really gonna kick in high gear by George yes i'm a now it's a new year who floats it in two thousand and when i really don't have a little that just can't go that down the salt but we're going to wait and also try to get the l.e.a. me how to change its name and then to the amp and the r and the arborat is my control over the wall and it's perfect for a town where there's no life to do the town outside of what's the best night robbing at the end and juicing tourists in the end there had locators who they had regents the hospital studio and how he said is that that's all you need to know i read it when i get the case of black beans words and then i wipe my ass by a barrel r shirt the anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man or a anti man you take my tongue off come on to it five sixty w two f.m. in the party sister having a little band and that's what it can't be worried about that the last one we're gonna walk through on tours so worried about a different the washing up on she'll that's right there's still all that on the tape about the baby okay anyway so NBC is got the an american tragedy now we have to have some name we have to we have to put a name on every one of these major high-pivence that they come up with so now NBC decided it's an american tragedy and air's carry standards on NBC just hyper ventilating hysterical breathlessly reporting that the coast guard now it looks like they may have found the wreckage and they're on their way out now to take a peek and top brokaw comes back on and says with a straight face well you know we move from that phase where there's obviously no hope to now a different phase to maybe where we can find a way to put some closure on all of this I'm telling the best way to put some closure on all of it time is stop talking about it they're dead next five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's sunrise hello and now yes sir I think you should get to get a metal man you're the only person that has enough world to come out and say that this is really BS and I'm saying everybody's an apricot and I think Rick Sanchez needs to be in jail for what he has a solicitor for nearly four days mine well I can just imagine I was out of town on the weekend but I can imagine he just he's squatting so hard over the man be my actually droppling right there and massive Jesus Christ you know it's pathetic well we have to listen to for the whole weekend I mean you know a cagacer in a country at 260 million people if this is the most pressing and important story that's going on it's must be a hell of a boring place it is pathetic I mean on Tom Broker oh what a douchebag he is and you know you're right it's over time for everybody I mean everybody's having a feed it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and everybody's a specialist and everybody is you know no I have a fly and everybody's a thanks for right that's right it's unreal okay if I do you say they don't know VFR from VCR most of these people 560 5050 5060 on a mobile one line here's a lady on a payphone and poppino hello hi me I just wanted to let you know that they already did the John Jr on any last night oh it's last night now somebody said they had it on again this morning yeah it was on fun last night and also my mom thinks the Ted Kennedy was the one flying the plane yeah there you go all right how the good day back to you all right and he just probably drove into the airport 560 5050 5060 on a mobile one line we got 100 open lines here right now all of a sudden we've been smoking here for a Monday now now looks like we're gonna have to bring Jordan night back out again on a Monday no less he's a little sleepy okay he had a rough weekend Jordan see we can't keep a little keep it up a little while all the way done it here's a mobile in the song right hello hey Neil God yes sir speaking here is a real thought to consider regarding the loss of the Kennedy media is going to be playing with this one for weeks months and possibly years is it you said to think about where that thing went down we're gonna be eating Kennedy every time we have a lobster or crap the next five years and so we've had lobster Newburg how about lobster Kennedy yeah Kennedy on App Show yeah so I'll get to me okay have it I say you're highly insensitive but some of the music comments 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in candle hello Neil yes sir Mike copy on this thing is it's a news is typically east and west coast oriented yeah so maybe up in that northeast quadrant can be pretty darn important but out here in the hinterland he's important based on what what is it that he's done I'll give that put out a glossy horse ball magazine what is it that he's done that makes me put on the side his birthright the fact that he was born the somebody was one's president well that's good enough for the people in the northeast yeah yeah now I understand though that he was going to close down the magazine and open up an airline but I'm not sure that anyway yeah that's it I hear where people work and do their thing we really don't give it where we have a life that's or at least pretend to have an okay thank you so I see on value jet another incentive comment about it I'm out of my whatever happened to eastern high sure mr. Eastern Airlines don't you don't we all miss Eastern what are shame that was you know I think that's when this time really started going in the crap or when we lost Eastern Airlines that was one of my favorite I love Eastern Airlines really went to Hawaii on Eastern Airlines they they actually would like take off in one place and get to what otherwise and actually get to the destination most of the time unlike American is got a new theme song smoke it in your eyes what is with American airlines by the way I don't want to get all my friends at work in American over in my age I got some good friends over there they're nice people but what's with American airlines lately how many they suck your food is pretty good but it's kind of hardy with all its smoking front here in fact I know I noticed that's the one usually they give you a choice in first class smoke salmon smoke steak even desserts are smoked here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah yes sir what I don't like is them saying the Kennedy's are brave and courageous here's a guy in a small plane I think the word is stupid yes stupid with two lives in his hands this isn't brave and courageous this is an arrogant son of a bitch yeah who's who's body could fly through fog at night on the stupid little plane with a couple of hundred hours of his belt any kills a morning kill himself and the story yeah they even courageous it's arrogant and this is what happens that's okay I mean and don't forget he played a flock to bars and twice thank god that Ted never cheated on his exams at whatever the hell of a Harvard where ever was hey listen you know this is a family that whatever they did when you got that much money your stuff don't think to go back to the thing from the Toronto Star we went here on Friday about your stuff when you have enough money it smells real real sweet always alive the time I will ever settle down everything goes up there's an old that I'm around I kiss a man I love him first to be there all the same I get so gosh darn him and I don't even know their names I'm a philanthropist I'm a philanthropist I see around around around around around around where they do her own the shit god of dimpo on the right only god will know who I'll be passing out tonight and if you want to ask me which girl I love the badge of care open my shit got mother rolls you are my chin open the ender up your shuffling I see from around around around around they're my bones bent all around I could child and lots of there and you know I've stood so many girls said I think Jerry hard look like shum kind of a queer yeah I'm the type of guy he likes to go around I've ever knew one thing I won't put down the town and when I find myself going more shum girl I've already did power aby and I think the poor will desire the sanity just I'm sick of theity the husband round round and round and round and round I'm getting busy just thinking about it okay 1215 at 560 WQAM what am I laughing about am I not supposed to be sad I'm supposed to be depressed and morose and the well et cetera and I'm not I'm not gonna put on some act can you imagine for me to come in here this morning and put on some cornball act about what a great American tragedy this was and all the horrible things that have happened to this one poor family poor family underlined the poor part five six seven oh five how's Howard used to them by the way huh see he and all that landed help him out he's still taking out the shower he's still trying to wash off all the fields from that money so while our slippers out there which you know maybe some of us have a few more bucks than some of you slippers like George but nevertheless it's like I'm told you for there's the ultra rich and all the rest of us you know you think you got a few bucks and big deal but there's the ultra rich the privilege for whom the clock stops the whole world stops revolving when they feel like it because they're the ones to make the world go around but you want whether you like it or not here's a mobile in tempered pine shall I you know you know we could save a lot of money if they just call footy up and ask him I mean this morning on his show he told how to play in crash how he was playing the weather conditions the landing conditions how the hell does he know how to play in crash when they didn't have a weather we're no radio reports and there was no witnesses out of the know that he said he was watching something on TV and he was telling them how they got this one and he was watching that psychic hotline again with spoke Griffin and Shirley Peters well but they could save a lot of money because puttysher had all the answers he was like right on the ball there well okay and he's also the one tells you about yes something else else to so I guess he's consistent he's full of crap all the time he's an asshole 567560 pond 560 on a mobile line wasn't this last guy a little bit too old to be listening to why 100 anyway now that you mentioned it if you're over the age of 10 is there anybody in their right mind the list is the why 100 oh here's a mobile in my any hello yeah sir hey buddy I'm usually with you but this time I think the Americans primarily are going to go with this family being in a high-con and you know family high-con yeah pretty much an icon there Neil not really a reverent thing but hey you know a big figure nonetheless listen I mean what does that mean it's just the greatest American family in our times in the 19 the greatest family and what respect well politically can have a lot of Roosevelt family Roosevelt yeah and other up there too though they're not alive and active or they're not active in politics charities listen that's not what I'm telling you this is all about I just think the rocket failures rocket sellers there's a lot of rocket seller money still out there yeah yeah they keep keep them cells don't they Neil what does that mean rock sellers they don't have any charitable foundations the rocket sellers you know but their their lives aren't front and center in the media like the Kennedy's 10 to be right that's you know so to fact that their glamour is rich the idol rich as we call them the fact that their rich in glamorous and up front and make a bell off the grura that's what makes them so great is that what you're saying ah you know Kennedy Smith was on trial for rape and when Michael Kennedy was accused of having sex with the underrated babysitter is that what you mean by being out in the public eye yeah that out in the public eye there's a good example of the zoos and when Joe Jr. had a withdraw from the Google tutorial race in Massachusetts because of his messy divorce and his wife wrote a tell all book and expose what a flander where he was to I think you got that going for you and are you right on that regard I just really I'm just telling where I'm just I'm just that a chapter in verse of what most of the how about when David Kennedy died from a drug overdose that put him front and center on the front of the pages did that make him part of a great family no it made me right it made the family front center in uh societies mine right i hit with a bruise center too okay so hallelujah what a bosom you know i've been begging for somebody who disagrees but that's just front and center everybody front and center okay who's step in a line right now come on here oh good god almighty front and center now come on right left right left left god they're front and center yeah they're famous they're famous so is the hairman neguering in the martin borham and were famous too okay i'm not comparing to Kennedy's of today the martin borham but certainly Joe Kennedy he was right in there he never met a Nazi didn't like he was kind of like Pope Pius the 12 similar corrupt lot of money all from illegitimate source five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile and boiting beach hello hey yes but this is our point beach uh whatever reason the American people are saturated with the Kennedy family yes sir they did a lot of things wrong but they are saturated and they hold them up to some some pedestal and it's why it's that for whatever reason i mean uh it's not that's a logical but they do hold them up on a pedestal so that reason they're concerned about jfk and what happened to it if you disagree i think you begin sensitive if you disagree with it so much it but i think they have to be in what are you man being in sensitive don't people die in accidents every day in this country absolutely and we don't spend millions of dollars of taxpayer money to drag on a fruitless pointless search way beyond the point at which uh it should have ended well i think they would have done an almost for everybody for rock to fellow one yeah they would have called a pentagon for anybody yeah well i get again because of what the family stands for and the matter what the thing that would be logical to be not the logical reason for it but that's that's the fact that's what the American people want i i don't know i mean you want to last call are the only two people i've talked to all of you feel that way right well i've put it this way if the people would feel that way they want to listen and you've had magazines who put his face on the cover up he's been on time alone twenty seven times and if it wasn't the people would like it they wouldn't have both of them on it he's been on the cover of time magazine twenty seven times twenty seven times he's been on the cover of time magazine John Kennedy Jr John Kennedy Jr was this morning i heard it on the today show sir John Kennedy Jr has been on a front page of time magazine twenty seven times i'll eat the styrofoam that my lunch came here today i'm not saying for just what he was an adult i'm talking about the time he was a child well they've shown a one picture that salute picture when he was three years old probably twenty five times well i'm not talking about that but there's not even time magazine and uh that you they he was there were asked why so many times people wanted what they accepted his 50 picture being on time they accepted did they take a poll when they put somebody on a front page of time of them when they're doing the personal the year and it's not the point of the magazine sir people who read time magazine by it no matter who's pictures on the cover unless it's going to be Hitler which you're maybe at the end of this year and now all the uh psychotics use get better shape because they can't they don't want to understand what the poll is all about other than that nobody goes out and buys a magazine a news magazine they might buy people magazine because somebody's on a cover they might buy rolling stone magazine because that uh medical and rickie martins on the cover but other than that people don't buy news magazine because john john is saluting on a cover or whatever five six seven five six the pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile and west pombie chill out hello Neil how you doing great i got two words for the people that treat the candies i can't get ahead that's where all the debris came in from the plane right yeah so you know we did i really call though was to the to make a great marah his son i don't know if you know this or not he's the importer in the tater of johnny cockman he does all the impressions on the last episode of sign cell and uh in the commercial he does johnny cockman right so he's perpetuating the uh Greg Morris the legacy the legacy i don't give a sh** me more great okay thanks for the good news whatever you said you know what he said it was good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line there an icon how can a family be an icon huh can you explain that to me sir am i missing something there isn't an icon in individual who is looked upon as uh some kind of a hero some kind of a uh bigger than life uh you know the whole Kennedy family is an icon representing what no but that would include all of them when you say the family including all the criminals all the rapists all the uh scumbags the old man how's your old man doing by the way huh don't forget to crazy and of course the one that they had a stick away there with the uh a lot of electric shock therapy rosemary's baby here's my any hello my any yes sir yeah i had a question about the tax system i didn't know the penny tax i know you mentioned what is what is that all about i'm ignorant to know how well i think uh before you said to this i think that's where the period should have gone just say no okay week from Thursday sir all the way i have my dad said you registered the vote or with uh no how to fit just to have somebody put an expert says no on the ballot five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line that election is gonna be this that's what it's based on a week from Thursday if you think that JFK junior if you think that this action was extremely important than a major effect a thing in your life vote yes if you couldn't give a crap less vote no okay that's what the election's all about just vote no here's a mobile and sunrise hello hello yeah icons aren't those things you get on your computer yeah there's no icons uh a lot of old qp and the only reason they haven't found JFK is because they haven't said the road is to the rest you out there there you go that's something to think about yeah that's found them right away especially if they would have been a Cuban on a plane uh huh they would found them in no time and one other thing the monument on the seven on a JFK course rate in North Bay village right was made by my brother law Jose Pinto just for some reason information okay thank you but lots of overkillers weekend okay thank you so much his brother-in-law Jose pinga made the amignment on the semi-nine street on the JFK courseway that's right i forgot that i forgot who the hell ever calls it the JFK courseway you call it that low used to drive over that thing twice a day every day for years and years years and we ever call it the JFK courseway no but nevertheless probably pissed those Cubans off five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line 12 twenty six and QAM it's switching out there baby it is like uh it's like an oven up and numb up every day a ryer come on an international never been to the STAM  & Donter just wanna feel on a daily Michigan that is going about everything too to learn I have nothing to hate old should they care about me Could you could go to jail and see when they... If I could reach you, you led a friend underneath. She was 25 but she's just a thief. Look at me, I've got my left free. Daddy, call the call. My best of protection is because I'm half the job. She's helping me, no matter what it's like. Now but do things right now. Of my shoulders. She's a new age. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a big girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a big girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. How pretty to a 5. She's a lot of rumors about Britney by the way. Some of the good news, some of his bad, the bad news is rumors that she's really only 50. And the good news is that they're real. 5.670560, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes. Yeah. Is this a lady? Yes. Okay. You know. Oh, Nella, your man. Lifetime a check. Listen. I want to comment to you about your comments about the Kennedy having news so much news coverage. Is it that you angry with yourself, you know, me? Because such a fan has some gorgeous young specimen would not be available, probably for your bad or not. Not at all. Not my type at all. I was told in two ugly. I had no fantasies about me. I agree. When are the last time you looked in the mirror? Yeah. Young man was never ugly. I didn't say he was ugly. I said he was nothing. You said he would you meet with the class. Just like I said he was nothing. He was on a scale of 10. I give him about a 5.5. I'll be generous. And I had to tell him what were there rating. What? What method did you come up with there rating? Well, I sat here and I went. And then I said 5.5. Crazy. A 5. I said about a 4.5. A 10. And getting worse by the minute, too, by the way. Why? Waterlogged. What a lot of money. Okay, sweetheart. Have a great day. Okay. Keep scrubbing away in that watermelon. 5.6705. 60. Pound 5. 60 on a mobile one line. I'm just jealous cause the end available for my bad. Talk about getting a real life honey. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I think aliens got him. Yeah. I do. Well, I mean, it just, you know, every batch was someone's going to say, you know, you're going to make a story about that. No, they're not. Don't think so? No. Okay. Just curious. Okay. Just curious. How do you like that? Well, we actually had some calls today up until this point. Just curious. What can we say about that? These are an asshole. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. 400 open lines. We've got to go. We've got to go. Now we're 25 minutes to go before the Hank Goldberg show from Shula State 2. Don't eat beat talking baseball at 6. The Marlins and the Red Sox at Fenway later while I'm like at 705. Any interest all in that crap. No. No. You do realize it's only the 19th of July. You got all of right to July. You got August and the whole month of September. Before this inseparable baseball season finally ends. And I understand. I didn't read any of it because I wasn't here this weekend, but evidently Dave Dum Brousky, who had been to gut into what would little dog on the morning show here last through the year Friday. Evidently Dave Dum Brousky, you know, like so many other people like the Murray's pointing fingers. Oh, it's the radio talk show people. It's the talk show isn't it's done. That's why people are turned off out of the Marlins, not because they lost 100 in the games last year and they may even do worse than that this year. And they're trading away anybody that any fan might possibly have liked or related to. That's right, Dave. Nice to see that you're hopping right in bed there with Brian and Terry Murray. Point in the finger. Blame it everybody else for your own ineptitudes. Here's a mobile in Bonita Springs, hello. Hey Neil, I don't buy any pretty good sir. Hey great, I just want to say I am so tired of these no life losers who upset over the Kennedy family because they have no lives of their own. Like this life, which was a busy fantasizing, she's just all of what everything does to make if he looked was a 10 or a 500. The fact is he's dead and he never did a goddamn thing in his life till month anything other than he was the son of a late president. That's all. It's just a success over the Kennedy and I think it's really the media. It was so thrilled with the Kennedy family and we'd gone down in a plane. That would have been over in a few hours or we'd have got a little border on the second. A little blurb. That's right. That's all you get man is a little blurb. I just get so excited. I just want to say your show rocks, but you have a good day. Thanks, pal. Yep. 560, pon 560 on the mobile one line is we continue searching for the old of a truth here of the media being totally sick and disgusting and nauseating and taking air beguid and things that happened and beating it to a bloody pulp, squeezing air beid die and they possibly can. Even on the time green show they didn't squeeze that cow's utter in a supermarket that day. The way these people are squeezed in the poor dead can of these. Although they sure give it a good score score. There you go. The dead can of these. Well, that'd be really tasteless and grow test to do that. They would be like playing a book of Brian Perity on this thing. Here's the mobile and South Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I just want to say I think they will play this thing about the candidates and this Cuban crisis down here. But what I wanted to ask or get some comments on was you know all these Cubans come over from Cuba. We got nothing to guess them. But they have over here. Yeah. And we give them a check and everything. What are you talking about? What does this have to do with the dead candidates? What do we come on? Yeah. You wanted to start with a Cuban stuff again. Let's save it for a rainy day. Okay, Palo, and we're really bored, which we're not today. We're supposed to get a check. Yeah. You're going to get a check. Just like you're going to get that big check for filling in when I'm on vacation. That little extra 4,500 a week that they're going to stuff in your envelope. No. That'll be a cool day and hell I'll tell you that. Chief bachelors. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. 22 till 1 a QA in. I've been most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. You guys are in any. I obviously salute black history much. Hello. I'm Jack Perkins. Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the black culture of today. And turn on it. I'm vaguely slapy wife. Eddie Anderson. Francisco Lee Brown. Chelsea Brown. Rodney Island Ruby. Eugene Robinson. Tim Moore. No fly. Shirley Hampton. Yaffet Codell. Lawrence Wilson Jacob. Melbourne. Melitoch. Lowanda Fage. Sambo. Jackie Mollfus. Farina. Buckwheat. Stefan Fagic. Erkel. Erna Spine. Wayne. That's free Cambridge. We've been mailed by their fly McCleak. Johnny Brown. It made Markham. Willie Tyler. Dan Lester. Paul this one. On TV. 143. It's all been preempted by the way by the best of JFK Junior John John. Here's a letter from Richard Friedman by the way. The only great white hopefully got left in Dave County. Who's a senator of the historical museum of softfoot. They're doing the same thing. That all the other organizations are doing in Dave County. And that is illegally setting out letters to all of their members. Even though these are not for profit organizations as he points out. They're encouraging a yes vote on at the Bullcraft Metro Rail Tax away from Thursday. And leave it to Richard Friedman to call that on the carpet and turn him into the goddamn fed. Nice going there. Dick. 560560. Here's a thing from Al Gulz. Then I wonder if there's like a little this isn't a tape for once huh? No it's a stupid schedule which I already have one. Oh it's a stupid schedule. I thought maybe it was going to be a no responding to my very accurate. The cost of message I left on is answering machine and pop at Obeach. Telling him what a butt sucker read to come but I still love him. And occasionally still not being interested in using that apartment and I'm stood on. Oh this is his itinerary huh? New York New York L.A. San Francisco Vegas Amsterdam. What a tough life huh? When you're big in fat and weigh 600 pounds. I'll go on. Won't be an Amsterdam again for a long time. Probably need somebody to keep that apartment warm right? Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. I want to talk about the candidates. It's very things they did that other worship was shaking hands with Hitler making deals. They talked about the candidates. So great. This kid wasn't bad but he came from a family that was really bad bad bad bad. Yeah. And then I was saying Neil I don't know what we'd do with how to program the listen. I just heard that they've about the great blacks and the contribution. I had one name to that. So morning the guy's done a great great. It could be the last act that I did a community. If you ask me okay thank you sir whatever you said. Just keep him all the station that's all I ask okay just keep him out of here. Keep him out of here. 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Sir great. And your search for the truth that I think you're already hit on it to give the answer before. I've been a commercial pilot since John Kennedy was about eight years old and a former fless. So that's out of here. And we have a thing as pilot there are no old old pilots. You know I think John John you know just fit off a little bit more airplay than he would. He could handle it as ratings and his experience could handle. Personally as a commercial pilot I would not want to make a single-edged flight to Bimini at night. And I have an instrument rating. I would never even consider that if you flew over more over the water than there is between four-quarter of other buildings. And as a flight that I could probably make another half an hour. You know it is there again. A lot of pilots take out responsibility. I heard you mentioned that I've read the four that you've probably got the push a lot of pilots get tired. And they push on a lot of pilots get tired, a lot of pilots get pressured. And they have to make meetings and they push themselves beyond their limits. And probably he thought he could do this. But that's what happens to guys do we see their limits. That's a pretty heavy duty airplane. We had a handful of airplane there. I've been so mad. The particular aircraft that's like the aircraft many times before. And it's enough. It's not a forgiving airplane. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks. 560, 50560. A couple of Clippons on Proozing here. I mean, the guys went on target. But while he's talking, I'm Proozing couple of Clippons that were sent to me from I was on vacation. WQM files lawsuit against new station. A very jackass. Waffin Deniz trying to lure Joe Rose. Oh man. Oh man. So here's another big excuse for Barry Jackass to written yet the 85th and a 4000-part series of articles about Waffin. A station that is that were Waffin. And WQM signed three-year deal with U.M. Finally, after months and months of Bup-up-up-up. They also they got the announcement of the announcers. No. For football they'll consider Dave Lemma. They'll consider Joe's a geeky. Oh my god. Joe's a geeky. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, genius. This. XUM Center Don Bailey. W-is it needed that one? They carpet ads up on a wall. W-I-N-Z-U-M football analyst is expected to be heard by QM for the same job. QM will consider Dave Lemma. Joe's a geeky. Frank Ford and U-of-M. You and University of Massachusetts announced their Mark Vanderbibre among others. Mark is the best broadcast of the group said Greg Reed. But it doesn't kiss a lot of cottage cheese ass. So they might give it to Jessica. Oh, god. What a thought that is. You want to go to the instant coma during a ball game. Just put his ass on there. Like those times he's doing a little U.M baseball. Wow. Man. Get serious, Greg. 560560, Pont 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Neil. I got to say, you know, the Kennedy dollar icon. And the reason I say that is because if you look at Roy Kennedy, she makes princess hand look like panel Anderson. And there's definitely an incest going on. It's ridiculous. That's, that's all I got to say. He just pulled her off a big oak tree. And he did her husband or future husband or favorite. So that's what I got to say. Okay. Thanks for the very forgiving comments here. But whatever you said was right. Look at this. Here's a whole bunch of hockey cards. Look at that. That's the thing I thought was a bomb. Here's Rob Pearson, Alexander Goodinik when he was with the Leafs for about two minutes. Todd Gil, Mike Follino. Hey, how's it going? Hey. Oh, Mike Felix Potfant. Glenn Anderson, crazy man. Look at this. Who is this from? This is our listen. Every day I close the few maple leaves cards. Just open a store. Classic collectibles and corals brings. Hope you enjoy the gift. Steve, Levine and Mark Neuro was probably fiddling up there. And I wish they would have put the address of their store on here. I got a nice plug, but I'm sure they'll do that in the future. Okay. Some more up there in corals brings. What's the name of the store? Doesn't even have the name of the store. Oh, classic collectibles. Okay. Thank you very much, gentlemen. Look at these. Look at a whole bunch of maple leaf cards. Here's Peter's Zezall. Oh, Drake, where are housekey? Okay. Wait a minute. I'm going to have to take a few minutes off. Scored score. Drake, where are housekey? Of course, almost nobody in these cards. They're in a team anymore, but that's okay. We'll pay him on. John Colon. Wendell Clark. Jeff Race. Ian Turnbull. Woo. Daniel Marwah. Eli Afraidi. Mike Crucialniske. I mean, this is, there's Drake for housekey again. Make it. Not right now we're talking. Oh, whoo. Look at that thing. Man, it's alive. Look at that. Hold, a buttload of stuff. What if he's a worth anything? No. 560, 50560 on our mobile one line. Here's Hialia. Hello. Is that that that that line? Six button again. Man, that thing is got a malfunction at the junction. Hialia. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. The old speaking. Neil, I'm probably my heart out for Jeff Cage Jr. You're crying your heart out? Not. Yeah. I couldn't believe it right after it happened. I've been looking for it. Every freaking channel had this crap on. And check this out on one of the Spanish local channels. So most parts said that it was the curse of the Bay of Pig Filser. Yeah, there you go. Of course you've been. It's true. Yeah. It's funny that the curse started in 1944 or five when, you know, PT with all that stuff, the brother. 109 or something. Whatever was when he died. So it started. It must have been a psychic curse. It could have been. You know, all those killers are was like a kick. That's right. And the Spanish early Twitter, she'll tell you. What has this X-play board contributed to society? Nothing. I'm still waiting to hear it. I don't know. I've heard nothing. I have a couple of people on there that got all up. Been out of shape and given me a bunch of glittering generals. About the Kennedy family or icons, etc. And so on. So when it comes to finding out what he did beside saluting the cans. Good when he was three years old. That would have been out of the magazine 36 years later or whatever. I don't know. That's exactly what I told my wife on Saturday. The only thing he did was saluting the cans. It was when front of him. That was in. A rages. Yeah. Two things, a new Alex penis less. No to your taxes. And yesterday's herald, they had a list of all the contributors. Today's no transistors for tolls or no tolls for transistors. Yeah. So I'm sure they'll begin letters from Richard Friedman again too. Okay. That's probably. Yeah. And Ricky Martin. I love you too. Okay. 560, 560, Tom 560 on the mobile one line. Was that Ricky Riccardo we just had on there? Was he just doing the imitation? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Happy Monday. And back to Neil. I could do an extent I could sympathize. You don't want to see anybody dying the way they did. That's right. You don't want to see anybody dying period. It's not a pleasant thing. Exactly. I agree with you. Do no harm to nobody. Okay. I was listening to the news about it the other day. And they said that the canvies are the closest thing that we have to hurt and royal. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I'm not talking about that. I'm thinking of myself. Do they have any idea of where JFK's dad got all of his money from? Sure. They got made all of his money during prohibitions. Right. You know, running, you know, it's ridiculous. Where do they come off with this stuff? Well, you got to what? Maybe maybe what they mean indirectly and they don't even understand what they mean is that, you know, royal, the y'all of the forces and all the insanity and all the misfits. Maybe that's what it's all about. I can't figure it out. I'm working Britain that way. Yeah. Apparently, you know, I can't figure it out. But what the hell? Can I get a shameless request? Maybe. WQA and school of broadcasts? Okay. All right. I'm going to be a panel. Have a great life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're going to have a press on, baby. Somehow we'll overcome this, even though even though we come back more and investigate a role of reconstructing an accident from the air. Yeah. See, there you go. There's a kind of CNN. Bop-up-up-up. I mean, every angle of this accident, we got aviation experts. We got deep sea divers. Divers do it deeper. You know, something new people want to hear shut the guy dancing off there on CNN, MSNBC, CNBC, Fox guy damn freaking 24-hour news. Shut the things off, okay? And give everybody a rest and go to a chance for their record. Take a breath. Man. Just in a day to just overwhelm you with nothing when, in this particular case, absolutely nothing. I'll say one thing, never in the history of television. Have they spent so many hours with so little information and just kept banging away and bam, bop-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba. I mean, just relentless. They brought people out that haven't been on a goddamn television in 600 years. I would be surprised that they did drag Martin the Gronsky's body out, because I'm pretty sure he's dead or an adornado. Just pop it up in a chair. What do you say, Martin? What do you think of this? You know the Kennedy's very well. You were buried in this political stuff. Yeah. I couldn't agree more, Martin. Here's Margade. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I agree with you about the press. They have no credibility, but I think you forgot an important point. What is it? It's not forgot that you haven't got up. I would judge you and your records ended to us and grew up during the Kennedy years. And then, yes. No, no, no. Did not grow up during the Kennedy years. No, no, no. I'm saying, for those of us including you who grew up during the Kennedy years, those were three years where we had hoped, where we had motivation, we were in love with our press. Don't you have nothing to do with that? Yes, you did. You're not part of any of us three years old, but a president died. But that's why he reminds us of that. That the deputy trope him saluting the cask and the loaves reminds us. Sure. Sure, you're getting sucked into the hype. And saluting the cask and has got nothing to do with the attitude of the American people. That happened after the president was assassinated. And had nothing to do with those three years, plus what a president was in office. How did you feel during those three years? And did you feel cynical after the 50s ended? What does that got to do with a little three-year-old kid with his hand? No, he was not. He was not. He was not. He was not. He was not. He was not. He was not. He was not. He was a member of the family. How about the dog? How about if the Kennedy family dog was on the front page of the people? Would that remind you? Yes. Because of those three years, I felt good about our country. Yes. The only three years we were in love with our president and the first family. Those are three-year-old. Let me ask you a question by the way, how's Merlin Monroe doing? Not too good. Okay, thank you. Just checking. Of course, we could have played good by Norma Jean, because that's what all the charities are based on. But that would be too serious, too morbid. Anybody seen her late late? No. Dead. Wonder how that happened? See, if you want to get sucked up at all that camel on, I mean, I was a big fan of JFK. I would agree with it that he was young. He was dynamic. He was a great speaker. He brought out our greatest hopes. He was inspirational, yada yada yada. But you see, now in retrospect, we look back. And we do a little bit of reading and a little bit of study. And we realized that most of it was bull crap. In all the crap about how we had JFK, or who were there with all the files, blackmailing JFK, and Bobby and everybody else had the goods on everybody. It was born. How's Pied told us and do them, by the way? I wonder if he and Gaead are doing it underground. You think so? I wouldn't be surprised. You think that's a worm under there, huh? To buy, it's the one to two hours. The story, the rock, palm beach in the world. Uncle Ted did throw onto boxer shorts, but screws off bark and rage with some faves. Excellent. Our money, women, and coonting. Uncle Ted, did what he's on into the splash naves and the crack he said and do the wad thing in the car's mouth. No way, Bill. That's way, Ted. Excellent. The rich, the powerful, they like to swim naked. Oh, good to be Smith, from Ted Kennedy and the Luntez. Expo Adventure of Part II, the next Chinatelier. Excellent. Come and zoom into what they do to the human. Pretty an expert for facts, someone. Speaking of Jenna's tattoo, by the way, here's the biggest pervert. I know, how's the apartment coming now? It's great. But I, you know, I am the truth. It's how close to who used to be, who used to enjoy being on the receiving end of sucking. But now has become one of the biggest suckles in the history of journalism anyway. I am doing how it until week because I want to push through Mac. Yeah, I thought you are doing how. I am a who, but then I say you were better than he was. I appreciate it. The nice things you said about me, but the shameless way, I mean, I'm not a who. I'm not a who. I'm not a who. I know those expensive divorces can be a mess, but Jesus. You know, when you may encounter on you to have a little bit of balls, who the hell can we count? But you know, it's funny, blue. My office coming, we're going to do with that tire on on the kid who died. And at first, I thought, well, I thought a light and because he's handsome, he gets more women than I do. But we're going to tear him a new, we can know, rectum. Good. But for a moment, I almost was sensitive. Then I heard you this morning. And I said about what? Based on what? What did he ever accomplish? He never did. But he would never reach me to be the crew. Oh, good taste of the job being a amp. See, you were losing it. Leave it to me to bring you back to me. That's true. It's true. By the way, I was 280, I gained eight pounds because I would say, if you were full, because I'd talk to my apartment, I swear this is true. There's a place in Amsterdam, a new walk that sells Ben and Jerry's. Shubby, Harvey, and of course fish food. And I get stoned and I would eat and I'm a eight pounds. Yeah. I'm 288, I'm not six hundred. But you see George makes a great point. You and I cannot talk about two things. Women because you're a fat. Yeah. And we can talk about drugs because you're drug free. That makes that with show's point. But I can't let them think. No, no, you're boring. I mean, I don't like, I had never gone to hockey. You've never invited me. Yeah. Good. I can't afford to watch the scenes. You're so far percent of care. But the good news is, organ's for us. Finally, I'm doing colonel Brian. You're Neil. It's a for a lot. Why are you telling me these things? We're going to pay for your plugin for the audience now because you're shameless. You're shameless. You can't stand these people. You know, there are a bunch of no talent ad suckers. And you want to go on it. A plug your screw magazine. Instead of talking about JFK, Junior, and that boring George magazine, you ought to be talking about screw magazine. I'm bringing pay while I with me and colonel, you know, colonel goes to hop at two. You know, it's a call. I'm so low in contemptible. You are low. I really, I'm so fond of you. I am not because of the gays thing, but because of your 80 is nobody has your your balls. I mean, you know, I don't want to do suck up and you know, you're got. But you are. But even though you're on your local radio, I'll still do you. Yeah. I'll pay you the apartment in Holland. I did two weeks ago. Oh, I went to an oise to farm near Antwerp. It is the food is so good. Have you ever had muscles in an Amsterdam? Have you ever seen naked? You know, I don't never had muscles. I had muscles like you and Ron Jeremy had muscles. Yeah, you're the only guy who picks up a man of us, wasn't fat. Yeah, that's what you think. That's what you know. That's what you pray. And I got news for anybody that picks up hustlers in Amsterdam. I can't get laid without paying for it. It is really desperate. But no, when you go to those cases, you get to get the best Glory holes. There you go. Well, I found like the voice of experience to me. Well, I'm, you know, I've done, I've done guys. And I've led the guy to, I've, I'd like to do me the drop. The drop of their pants. Oh, he, he, he, he, he you, you're friend. Oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm into my house and they have to amuse the apartment. You, you and the cries of pocy and not for ready. I don't stay at the cries of the pocy. And by the way, the last time you were there, you left on a Saturday. Cause you were just getting in a schedule. We got there on Friday. Well, and John, John, what I went over there on Saturday and was going to go in. And actually heard the sounds of like the TV was on. You were still inside, turned around and flew out of there. Okay, but all, the app, and especially after what he just said, you say, I'm sure next time you won't go anywhere near there if there's any chance you might be in there. We have a big screen TV, I'm four blocks, some all the cruising places. Yeah, you got a great location. It's been, you have music, you're part, and it's wonderful. I'm saying, you don't take it, you have it. I wouldn't go anywhere near. We don't, you're making one. We go in there and watch the, takes stuff off the VBC or I wouldn't go anywhere near. I have the, D, D, D, D, D. Don't take it. Yeah, that's when I were afraid of that you got D, D, D, D, and B, D, and whatever else you got. That's when I'm afraid of it. God only knows what's crawling on it. And you don't connect to him to them. Into the, and the bogus. Well, you see a pot? Okay. Okay. Promise me? I'll go over there. I'll take my key in there. A final customer's coming. Screwmax.com. The best, the best point on the net. Okay. Now that we can't get George magazine anymore and get JFK Junior naked. Ever, again, I guess we have to resort to www.screwmag.com. Happy, happy, happy coffee on my movie where I perform the cannolingist Hot Wheels. Oh, in the middle of the one. Right in the middle of my lunch. Oh, yeah. I can't care if you did turn off your appetite. Think of me performing cannolingist. That'll do it. Are you feeling good? My meals coming back for seconds. Okay. I love you. See you, Albright. Okay. So disgusting. Al Goldstein. I saw it. Yeah. You told me about three seconds of it. I think with him in Ron Jeremy, Jesus Christ. Oh. Even cats have never seen so many fur balls in their lives as they're in that thing. 560, 50560, Pont560 on the AT&T line. Tempor Pines, hello. Hello, Uncle Neill. Yes, sir. Yes. I agree with you, 99 and 44, 100% of the time. But the one thing you don't understand about the cannodies is that once you're related to them and since JFK was assassinated, they passed a law that the secret service will protect you for the rest of your life. And that includes all the siblings and the sisters and the brothers and the brothers. And that's why this total thing is going on. But I agree with you. The secret service protects all the candies. Yes. Okay. To say it. An asshole has 13 children. An asshole. She's crazy in a bed box. She talks to psychics. And she talks to her late the husband. She's seriously. She's crazy in a bed box. Have you seen her son Bobby Chanier? No. Yeah. His face. It's like they took his face out of the grave and put it on her son. Yeah, I agree. It gives good face. Okay. Thanks for the good news. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. You think with all that money, you know, the fan that could do something about those teeth. So let's keep it for the glory home. Capital records is proud to present the Elvis house. Everyone's been waiting for. It's Elvis in Seattle. And I owe my own dreams. From the mouth of the Gdms. I'm getting hungry. I hear it. Give me a cheese for my hands. And see if the girls got a little of those on you. I'm getting hungry. That's right. The King of Rock and Roll. It's playing the King's Elb. And you've got a front road ticket. A little Jeremy spoke. And in class today, Elvis covers all the great Seattle bands. Pearl Jam, Sounddarden, and the one that started it all. Never bond that. Oh man. I'm a lot of, Mama Skido. Mama Skido. Mama Skido. Elvis is playing. And Rock and Sea Gather. Only one capital records in change. Man's the Gdios. I was in Chicago. I was in Chicago. I was in Chicago. I was in Chicago. Man's the Gdios. I remember about 2014 at 5.60. WDK. I remember you were in Chicago by Barry Jack Assub about the QAM lawsuit against Wathon against the New Sports Station. This is the most, this is the same place where they pay everybody late. Where the cable got turned off in their last week. We had to turn off a couple of weeks ago because they don't pay their goddamn bills. And yet they can afford to pay their lawyer to go to court and file ludicrous, silly ass lawsuits. That they were trying to deferred. You know, Joe Rose is contract ends in December. Now, if they had someone who had no one at his contract ends in December, would seem to me that they've done all of my years in the business. They had every right to inquire as to whether he was going to renew his contract through a QAM or the Riedonon Compique Plus. Or any of those things. They have every right to investigate on that without a breach of contract. As an matter of fact, it seems to me as I look back as I think back to my first contacts with Greg Reed. Oh, excuse me. Yeah. Of course, I had that window in my contract, but nevertheless, just another silly asked to the paranoia. In fact, there's a statement here by the attorney for Wathon who says, with all the respected WQMs attorney, this is a baseless complaint by a desperate station that is now encountering a formidable competitive in the industry. Which, of course, the formidable part is a joke, but the fact that they're reacting to it before they even go on a year shows you how insecure and desperate Mr. Reed happens to be. And speaking of Mr. Reed, America's greatest family, the Kennedy's, how about the clevers? Huh? The Simpsons? The Nelson's? The bunkers? The bunkers? There you go. The Jefferson's? The Kennedy's America's most famous family. A little break. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello? Mobile-in-four-laterdale? Yeah. Yes, sir. I do, man. Okay. Good. I'm so thankful that I am only 28 years old. Yeah. Because I'm not all down in the memories of JFK. I'm fortunate to have read and have seen video and make my own child and being caught up in this area. Yeah, this guy that called before, I mean, seems to me he's caught in the time world. There are three best years of his life. He's got a book in it. 60s? Sounds like it's time for, you know. He's sure I got a fine with you at K.J. If there was a three best year of the world. Right. Oh, man. The fight for this guy all, the kid doesn't have anything. I don't expect the guy who's attracted to these human tragedy. The guy got a tremendous amount of public and women. But I don't remember that. He reminded me, they just answered didn't, you know, come over to the kid for anything. He runs a magazine and now he's the coach to the town. I'm not sure, maybe here's man. That's all I can tell you. Life will go on. Life will go on and the world will spin around and have a great day. Get a new phone, please. 560560. In fact, we need new phone in here. This thing ain't disconnected. Real good. And you press the buttons and they're all getting like number six. They're getting harder and harder. Just getting hard, baby. Really, really hard. Maybe that dark, complicated bits that I called earlier. Maybe she could call back. Okay? Cause it's getting just about hard enough for her. Now that she's worn a cucumber round. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. On top of all this, they're having another demonstration and down to tell Miami about one. The pure love alliance. Which is one? Some bunch of college kids running around talking about how a relationship between a man and a woman only is a cherished relationship from God. You're practice, ask, and then say that the first amendment is garbage and that Larry and Flint know, go see and all the other people will playboy and all that stuff need to run, Neil. And that marching love, downtown Miami beating drums and tying up traffic. Yeah, tying up traffic also? Yeah, because they were crossing the street and people are slowing down to watch what and the hell they're doing. If they're not on their block in the streets though, they were crossing through the street. Let me take it again. Are they out there blocking the streets before you get a little too carried away? They were crossing through. Okay, thank you. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. She's just a little bit hysterical. Okay. She's just a little bit carried away that clean. Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I was watching John this thing on John John last night and I must be seeing how it's board. Anyway, I just went to God. One of the Coast Guard guys said one of the head guys, because we're doing no more or no less than we would do for any other plane that went down under some more. Okay. They would always call a Pentagon and call the president and get the joint chiefs to stand together and the FBI and the Secret Service and the CIA. I mean, if you're a brother or log God forbid went down in the plane, they would drop all those agencies and spend at least $40, $50,000 a day. Make sure they did everything they could. They got three of them was advanced so in our ships in the world. They got to think of my short brass went down out there, you know. Yeah. I'd be writing down there forever. But anyway, talk about sleeping with the fishes. Hello. I'm here. Anyway, I want to ask you something else. A little confused about the underage laws for sex. Is it like 18? Is that it? In America 35. 35. And that's for women 54. I'm fired from people. I get five different opinions about that. Yeah. The drummer is banned. The drummer is banned. The drummer is banned. Just knocked his phone out of his hand. I think. Nice going there. A pal good shot. Just like dead. The drummer is banned. His bang in the 13 year old chick. How do you like that? I guess he does. Five. If it was good enough for Roman Polansky, baby. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. On the 18. Do you want to go? Why are you airing like this? Here's a mobile and west palm. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. You first of you should tell your station to get it. So we can hear you better up here. You if they didn't out because your signal is not strong. I want to talk louder. How's that? A better way. It's out of pity guys. The money. You just scream. Well, that would help. But. But a lot of scammers over here. Just on the JFK thing. I think the biggest problem that is the only decent one did die. And the rest are just scumbags who are still around in America. I think that's the biggest problem. That's why it's making so many headlines. The only decent one. It just die. I mean, if you want some of the decent human being because you can directly can it is. I guess the bunch of scum. Well, how do you know that? There's like 87 more. Do you know all of them? No, I'm just just from what just just what you read. But anyway, it's an awesome. The secret service. How's the capacity? They still cover the family. Where's the intelligence back? Anyway, 5605 6. I like it. As soon as when they say anyway, that's always a good sign. Like, see you. 560560, pump 560 on the AT&T wireless lines. We keep pressing along. Sign a song. And guess what they're talking about on CNN is something different. Oh, you got to work on those vacation. No, we're to go. I guess. Yeah. Valerie Bosnian. Oh, look at this. Howard Bosn is doing the weather. It's not in high-endous board. Or Martha's Vineyard or gay head. Or any of those other places. Let's hear it for Valerie. Oh, you know, she sucks on the weather. Here's a mobile and Miami Beach, hello. Anyhow, you're doing pretty good, sir. Yeah, but John has kind of been doing the plane that he was flying. You need it. Just a license just to read the controls on a plane. He wasn't even. He could have all the hours in the air. He watched. But if he can't read those controls, it's a death trap form. He's up there. I mean, that's too much plane form. And a normal pilot wouldn't even consider flying that plane in, like, father and Hazard that. Not what they all said, yeah. You know, Charles Wimberg, I don't think would fly. Maybe at the board, just Eddie Borges probably would have. But not Tony Borges. Eddie Borges. Yeah. So pondered. So boring. 560560, pound 560 on 18. See, I actually expected this first couple hours this morning that we would really keep this up for four hours and people were really just just jumping through the phone. Jumping with excitement. But then I remember this is Miami, you know. And all of a sudden that lunch, great lunch from Chuck by the way over the subset of a certain, you know, makes him very serious progress and this is my body. Doesn't realize it's only like 123. Not time yet. Okay. Just calm down. Please. It's not time yet. You know, I'm going to go to the side Jason didn't bring it as brownie camera today. Yeah. Where else could you possibly work? I was thinking about that over the weekend. Where could you possibly work? What radio station? What factory? What shoe shine joint? Where in the world could you possibly work? Where one of your co-workers would bring you in a polar-right snapshot of one of his turds in the toilet? And it would be shaped like a j. J. Just think about that a while. Okay. I mean, I've been around a block a few times. They've worked in a lot of places with a lot of people, nice people, bad people, strange people, very normal boring people. And of course, I sure hope that Jason's mind is listening because it would be real embarrassing for it to find out that our son has taken pictures of his cool body like that. And passing him around. For everybody to see. Here's a mobile and camera, hello. Mobile and camera. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You've done it again, baby. Young man, 38 year old guys. Wonderful family. It's a great thing. There's some bad things, but I'd be 38 years old. Great thing. You rip him. And what do you think? The block we out of his, out of his debt, you're a scumbag. Yeah. Thank you. That's a wonderful thing. It was wonderful to ask him. Yeah, wonderful family, a full-enderist. And when I just asked him a very simple question very quietly, what did he do that was one or a bad guy? Yeah. I've done it again. Yes, sir. I have done it again. I've pulled it exactly the way it is. But thanks for your very funny, your very fake labor, I was in call. Okay. That guy, you know, this is over and over and over with him. Find get the same search part of the user to try to find the bodies and a plane up there. Get him and see if they can't find you alive, okay, sir? You're terminal. Mobile or West Palm, hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. He will be in Times Man of the Year right down now. No, he won't. Guarantees. They love him. They suck it up like a fool for. No, he won't. I'm telling you, I'll call you back when he makes it. Okay. I'll go. Okay, call me January 3 if your phone's working. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I'm telling you right now, he will not be Times Man of the Year. In addition to which their Man of the Year isn't this going to be the Millennium thing that they're having the big bruhaha about? Yeah, that's the thing that they're having a big, yes, I caught a thing about. Is it going to be Hitler? Is it going to be Yitzkak Rabin? Which all the Orthodox Jews were writing in a thousand boats of peace? How about Al Goldstein, huh? No. That was before he became a pussy. Al was right up there, he was right up there with Hitler and those other guys. He was the one Jew we had hoped for, but then all of a sudden he cracked out. He sold out. Totally sold out, just for a few free plugs for that stupid website of his. But I sure liked that apartment in Amsterdam, I'll even know I've never been inside it. What's left where it devolved from there? What's a porn committee? No matter how far to try, Don't understand why this white two cake. But just how tough it can take. Keep a story in this weekend, With drawing money from their bank. You start to bunch silly teeth. Actings like paranoid creeps. You've been leaving, why do you care? Why do you care, why do you care? I feel some things that I'm saying. I'm really not need to hide and pray, no. You've been leaving, why do you care? Why do you care, why do you care? I feel some things that I'm saying. You really don't need to hide and pray, no. You're supposed to cover some of these things. You've already got to be on this coming weeks. The conditions have really got their news magazine. So forget about the amount of the year. And they showed them the New Yorkers there. They're carrying on New York. They got flowers. They got balloons outside the residents in New York. See what seemed to me that we got all of these people. Like they got to call the few calls ago. That had those three good years of his life. And the rest of it was a pile of crap. A whole bunch of people from my generation who are living in the past. You can't live in the past, okay? And Camelot was just bull crap. It was just a garbage. It was swell. It was make believe. It was caca. It was the greatest example in history of what you see is not what you get. So if you want to live your life, just wallowing in the past from like 36 years ago, to 40 years ago, that's like so many people we got in this town who are wallowing in the past to crap that happened 40 years ago. The ones that are going. And can't move on and get a fricking life. Same thing. Here's a call in David. Hello. Welcome Neil. Yes sir. Hi. Before I ask you my question, just want to suck your ass for a second. I tell you that you will. I worship you. Yes sir. Okay. How that hell is Ron Jeremy not dead of AIDS or some other kind of STD? Walking. Exactly. That's like, is it amazing? Yeah. And if he died, I think he should get 24 hour coverage. Just go to JFK Junior. No, I don't think so. Okay. Maybe Peter and Peter and Peter North. Have you seen him back? No, I don't. Tom, nothing more. Okay. See you. 5.6.7.05.60. Rock was different ready. Whatever it is. Is it different? That's one thing about all those porn actors. I should ask you all about that. They got 50 different names. But it still looks the same. 5.6.705.60. Pound 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. But there's only one Peter North. And it never changes direction. No, it's that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how are you doing? I just wanted to comment on that guy who called a couple of calls. I'll call you a thumb bag and all that crap. Yeah. I finally figured out what people call and say that you're the anti-class. All that crap because they can't stand opinionated to people. They can't stand the truth. They can't stand the truth. They can't handle the truth. And I just like to say that you do a good job and so does George. And I always listen to you guys every day. Okay. All right man. Thanks a lot. I'll reveal the urge. 5.5. That was a contrap call anyway. That guy is so fake with a stage. You've done it again. It's like in fact, he may be the same guy that said, Remember one of the Eric Clapton thing. Oh, you've done it now. You've gone over the edge. This will put you right off the air. You've lost touch with the audience on your incentive. Your incentive, everybody's Eric Clapton, too, with the baby flying out the window. And that was long afterward, by the way. And I'm not suggesting there was anything funny about somebody dying in a plane crash, but there was something really sick about the media's obsessive fascination and morbid carrying on here about the candidates. In particular, this one who left a legacy of nothing, a magazine. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Head Goldberg Show with two from Shulastake 2, 6.5 Donny V, 630, we got the pre-game show. Marlon did Fenway and a Red Sox 705. Any interest in that? No. You can go to Blowing Other one. They can go to Better in Monaco. I'll tell you then. Here's the mobile and dear field. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'll tell you what. This media thing's driving me crazy. You know, you flip on a TV all week and it all you see is breaking news. MSNBC and John Gibson and the crowd. You know, they have these remote live set ups on the beach there. And you know what they're looking for. The head to wash up on shores. Oh, yeah. They're just. Some making it good. You know, John Gibson's going to go out about this for the next four months. Because it's the newest thing. He's alive in each of them. He is the worst of all of them. John Gibson is the media anti-Christ. Oh, he's terrible. He is terrible. He's sort of on the road, gave for him. And Bill Gates, sponsoring MSNBC destroyed me up the wall. I mean, he's like he's a 24 as it goes there. You know, I just don't appreciate that crap man. Watch him, John Gibson said they're talking about. Now, that's all we're going to hear about a JFK for the next six eight months. Not me, I won't watch him. I like the shoot to TV like Elvis, man. Okay. Go to your good evening. Get a defensive card. Yep. Yeah. A little solid pair of sounds good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, POM, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Get to a Jennifer Lopez and Britney Spears video and decked cards a little solid reaction. Never heard anybody. Nobody ever got any diseases from that. 23, before 2, at 5, 60, W.K. I'm speaking of that by the way. There's a new show in Tom that opened this weekend at the drama center called Naked Boys Singing That's a Must Seat. A huge success. I can't tell you how big NLA for more than a year and a half. It opens simultaneously all the way in New York as well as it's not floated to the ray reviews. Naked Boys Singing is an outrageous new musical review revolving around. Well, the male nakedness and if you think that's funny, book of Ryan has walked in. But don't let that scare you. You'll be on the new to the naked boys singing delivers 15 first rate original numbers, vibrant choreography and seriously clever staging. The critics have called it Chiki. Lighthearted comedy. It's a great show that'll lead you laughing big time. Eight weekly performances scheduled for Monday and Wednesday through Friday at 830 pm, Saturdays at 8 and 11 pm and Sundays is for an eight at the drama center in near Field Beach located just west of I-95 in Hillsborough. You're a fan of it. INTRO the Malchan v independant for Now, let's see the only one that left the night, he's in, from what they called it, can it be cursed? If Doris, he will get me more than life, he's in here a bit so many, go to the get-for. I'm not gonna let you down, John, so how are you, baby? But it's louder, it's louder, it's louder, he's in here, he's in here, he's in here. Is that the gun's on the other side? One, four, three, five, sixty, twenty, two, one, Hey, how about Doris, he killed Gela, anybody know how she really died huh? No, you know what the inside story there, her and Jack Rubino, that's not nobody knows. How's Merlin Monroe doing, here's a lady in four-laterdale, hello. Hi, where are you? Oh, don't complain about no calls. I've been on here for 16 minutes and 54 seconds. Yeah. OK. Has anyone called to give you the real scoop of what happened, which was reported on Channel 7 just before they were not the air? No. OK. Here's what really happened, which let Pearl John John off the hook a little bit. OK. A couple of days before Saturday, which they were to go over for the wedding. He was talking to his old buddies. Now, don't make me say who they were. I can't remember all these names. So many of you know, you hear someone. He was talking to him telling about his gunfly over for the wedding. And he said, Caroline is insisting that I take her sister. He said, which I don't want to do because I'm going to have to drop her off at one place. And then take off again and go on up to Martha forever at Arthur Spendry. And he said, I don't want to do that because he said, I don't want to take off and land twice. And he admitted, and talking to his buddy, that he did not have instrument training. And he just didn't want to do this at all. And the other thing, it was not planned to take off at that on badly hour or darkness we're taking off. That his wife again insisted on waiting to be closer sister had to work late. Now, but the time first time. I guess you're going to be working anymore. By the time her sister got over time there. By the time her sister got off work, and they battled the traffic to the airport. There they were. Now, I'm sure you saw this guy that they interviewed over and over at the airport. The guy did not get in. No way, yeah. That he said no way. He said. Too hazy. He said double haze. He said that Dungeon came in. And then a little bit later, his wife arrived in another car. And he said they stood out there talking for a long time. And he said, I just wondered if they were discussing whether it was wise to take off. I heard that Ted volunteered to come down and pick him up and drive him up there and they said that we'll take our chances with a plan. Well, here's the lesson to be learned. Yes, you guys who are married and you're going to let a wife who wins this on doing it her way. We'll bring you flowers. That's right. It can kill you. Okay, sweetheart. That's in that something. Don't get in the car with Ted. And said he didn't want to take off at that hour. Okay. All right. See you. 146 at 560 WQA and 560 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line. They're analyzing. They're turning it upside down backwards. My favorite over the weekend was when they would bring somebody on that I just out of desperation to kill some time. And well, weren't you, you know, I like who's that puts? Oh, for there's so many of them. The one that used to be real tight with the Clintons. I can't think of what that was name is. Oh, I don't know. It's the guy from the Richard Grill from Brill's Contenio, the one that wrote the hospital article and started a home on a business and then turned around and apologized. That puts. Well, didn't you know, no, well, didn't you meet him? No, I didn't. Didn't you, well, watch interview at no. Then what the hell are you doing here? Yeah. That's really, you got the feeling they wanted to say what they were doing here. And he said, I don't know. Yeah. You asked me, man. Here's your field, be chill. Hey, you're all right. OK, sir. Hey, yeah. Does this mean that we're going to have to see the pillbox out again? Well, I sure hope not. All right, that's what I mean. That's scary, isn't it? Yeah. Oh, yeah. It was up in Kingston this past weekend. Yeah. And whether it was great. Yeah. It would be great. And I didn't crash. OK, and I've got regulations to be OK. I'm on, but you sure are still boring. OK, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wallace line. Wow. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh with a radio turn way up loud. Going one. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, Aggon? OK. All right, just sign a comment here for all these people calling the candidates. The greatest family. We forget about the ball of wind. Yeah, good point. All right. Thank you. How about the recordos? 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wallace line. Here's a mobile in sunrise, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Listen, how about my wife? I said, if that were you or I, would they be looking for us like that? And I said, no. Anyway, my wife had never heard your program. We took the kids to the beach on Friday. Yeah. And we're listening to the whole time you were there. And you read this piece from the Toronto Star about bowel movements. Do you what date was that newspaper? July 9th. You got it in front of me right here. Toronto Star. You're a lot good. Nice and good. I tried looking it up on the internet. I couldn't find it. Thanks. Can I call somebody, do you? Yes, sir. Eric, sit, Darryle, you're a flame in. OK, thank you. 560, 560, 560, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T Wallace line. Here's Miami. Hello. OK, good. Good. There you go. Can we call up all of that works right now? OK, we found them. We found them. 560, 760, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T Wallace line. Oh, leave it to this show to ship through all the bullcrap. OK?