Yeah. Oops. Sports radio 560. WGQAM, Miami Fort Latterdale, presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil, called 567-0560, toll-free, red-rated Broward Air, or pound-560 on your cell pole. The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560, QAF, good to robin' the North Miami, or on WQAM, hello Rob. Hey, just wanted to ask you, you know, a lot about sports and most people, I was curious about what you think about the painstower plane crash and him dying today. That doesn't have anything to do with sports. Sure, I'm an opinion about it, what would it be? Well, you know, at this thank you with a really nice guy. I didn't know him. I'm sorry. He passed away. It's sad, but what can I add to it to that? You know, it's sad when anybody dies. You just gave me that old time release. Oh, right. That was a bad phrase. You never know what to do. You actually do. Only as we say, you just give me that old child release. It's always the best. And if you don't believe like me, please, don't have a sense. All well, Rob, as in a jeweler, don't wear the Kamikaz Jew. You're living in a mansion with a big rose Roy, thanks to Scott Perst, just like you. Be a good Christian man. You have to understand. Like $10, R&D could be different. He's a saint. You're a saint. Oh, time, religion. And you're a rather beast. Like when your woman is at that time, but above us, you make your sense outside the road. You're a saint. You're a saint, religion. And the an RA. So I can shoot fun, up, on Disney, I get to see. So then, say, I don't give a grappling to life, but abortion's wrongdoing. A man should make love to his wife to hold in the she. The Bible is the foundations of the Holy Christian man. It's like the fact that we're with his wife. And who did it where past us? We've had all time, religion. With the Pibles, you obey. And interpret it to validate, try ignorant and hate. Just giving us all time, religion. And let it make you ready here. And anybody else says, God's our God and death is a sin. And we're here. No one has to think of all screwed up. What is a lot of sin in going on back in those physical days? Wasn't there? A lot of sin going on. Anyway, so our pizza loft appearance last night, which was sensational, by the way. We can be ready for coming out. We had a great time of big turnout, raised, I think, close to four grand for center one. Which by the way, speaking of center one, we'll get to that golf tournament, surely. You remember that golf tournament? Uh-huh. You'll get to that. But at any rate, so one of our people, one of my good friends, who used to work at Papua no park, she comes by and gives me a couple of copies. One for me, and one for that he's in George of a book called, Ken's Guide to the Bible by Ken Smith. It's a paperback. It's on blast books. I don't know if it's in books. There's not a book. I guarantee you. A lot of people in this audience are going to want this. And actually a lot easier to read than, you know, than those longer books like Fairwell The God by Charles Teller, which is a great book. But this is, you know, a paperback. Really easy to read. It's got little symbols. And oh yeah, even has symbols in there to, you know, show you exactly whether it's talking about sex or whether it's talking about the heavins or whatever it's talking about. I like the violence personally. The violence, the bunk. A lot of a, yeah, bull. It's a picture of bull to signify bunk. A lot of bull pictures in here. A lot of bulls, crap all through the Bible. So anyway, we'll get to that. It's got some really good stuff on it. Maybe I'll just read the whole thing on here. How do you think? Uh-huh. And it sounds good. Ken's Guide to the Bible. By the way, before we do anything else, we ought to try the tool for your number out. Huh? Because amazingly, much to our surprise in this may and amazement, the tool for your number was supposed to start working on Friday, but much to our shock and pleasure, it's actually working now. So we're told. And both told us that he actually tried it out in the line too. So we know must be working. So let's get our first call from the tool for your line from out of town from like four miars from the moon, from Polkipsy, from anywhere. It's supposed to work anywhere, right? Aye. One, eight seven seven, seven eight five, Neil. That's one eight seven seven seven, seven eight five, sixty three, forty five. Well, this is an exciting, can we have a drum roll on this? I like I said, the pressure is mounting. You can feel it. You can hear it. Oh my God, there it is. It's ringing. Seven just two I am. Hello. I got it. I got the phone. Hello. Hi there. Yes, sir, where are you? I'm in Boca. In Boca. Get out of here. That doesn't count. I don't want to be rude to that guy because they don't have a line in Palm Beach. We don't want Boca. We've talked about out of town, out of state, out of this world. Not God damn Boca. But the Palm Beach County people will be able to call, but he just he doesn't count. Drum roll again. Let's try it again. I'm in Boca. You have any ideas? How's he sleeping? WCOM. Yes, I'm like, how's Neil? Speaking. Go on. Up sound. You're where? Hope sound. I'm on a cell phone. I work up here. Right. Sorry, it's just on story to point it. No, that's great. We love Hope sound. Yeah, really. Not. No, we like Hope sound. It's okay. It's got its moments. And red neck. We're exactly his Hope sound. North of Jupiter. Yeah, up the coast. Off of Uranus. Now, you can actually hear us up there. You're listening on the internet. No, I can hear you great on my truck radio. All right. I'm in work. Like I said, we like Hope sound even better now. Well, thanks a lot, sir. You made history today. I've never request. Something you can tell your kids and grandchildren write in your diary. Yes, sir. On swab, my NHMail or Trent Resner, on swab. Okay. And I'd like to call the brother, Jonathan. Okay, okay. Don't push your luck, pal. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. See, they think that because they're called on a line like they do only a favor. So I'm going to let them do just about anything. The request, no problem. But no, do sprags. Okay. So we had a great job. That worked from Cincinnati. I bet you're pardon? What do you mean by that? We got somebody from Cincinnati. Hold on. Oh, yeah. How do you know that? Because the guy from Cincinnati on line five is going to tell us right now what happened when he tried. Oh, I see. Hello. Can you? Yes, sir. Hey, I've just we moved up here about a year ago. And I listened to you every day. And that was very excited about the 800 number, but it doesn't work. It doesn't work. What do you get? I get a message and automated message from an operator saying that this number cannot be reached from my calling area. Oh, oh. Yeah. I called it the Huffer. Only on WQAM, sir. Only the Greg Reid F. In way. This is probably aligned. It's only going to work in Florida. Maybe. That's. Yep. Who the hell wants that? Yes, all right. I'll call you on my time. Everyone's going to laugh. Well, God bless you, man. I'll get a face. Please pray for us. I will. We need it. I know. Thanks. See, we should have known. Like I said, two good to be true, right? Uh-huh. Yeah. But they can call us from Volca. Oh. That's in May Peter Leonard happy. Oh, wait till I get going on a QAM sales department boys and girls. Wait till I get going on a bitch in screw-in. And our sales department. All of whom showed up for free food at the Pizza Lop last night. By the way, the entire sales department and others too. Which, thank God, pony tail gets some trade-out spots he tells me because otherwise I'd be really poor, though. Yeah, they came after the last night to see the great crowd that we had in the try to figure creative ways that they can whore. I said, a one-campaign over here. Which I'm not going to love them to do, but they sure try their damn just to do it. Don't you Brian, huh? And Peter. Oh, yeah. To try to please their clients. By whoring, our fundraising that charity campaign. We said, just like with that golf tournament. Oh, wait till you hear about that. Which I'll tell you momentarily. Wait till you're about to go to engulf tournament. And the golf tournament from hell. It wasn't bad enough that we suffered the embarrassment and the fallout that still is an ending. But wait till you hear about the money that was raised for Senator One from the golf tournament. Do we know about the money from now? No. Come on. It's past 10 at 5. 60 WQL. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM, V3's acquisition court. Restation stands for nothing. Okay. Good to guys who did check some of the girls of summer. And someone bested that they couldn't do a song. Do a song and that was a dollar. I like to disliked the fact that this was a thousand Johnny Fetched the I.E.A. The first day in an online lake is this summer that it's summer. But life's like a thousand Fetched the movement making each of these in the song that is well made when we're done. And scratch my butt with a nail file. Heat and noise in like ceramic touch. People always think on the land of peels, not the hostage. Let's make a deal. A weird contactal underneath the eye lift. Specifically, rather just no truth of the taste. Something just but a dog, if you did it has babies. Everything's busy, not the dummy baby. Just as a day I got a can for those. Do you think Bill Valley can beat our boss? I think the first ride that comes to my head. I'm a big fan of the right set set. And then email on my brand new computer to keep the home drive to work. I'm familiar with the other bite and make it better known as for. Things this song makes me so like a story. You can see how many different things. Just a simple approach. Just some sort of summer. Imagine that. I'm a little like I just stay out of the garden. If you think it wasn't me, you think. And that's much more done. But then I'll tell you. Tensey's day. I'm sitting here doing a Chris Baker there with a microphone off. That's okay. I'm on as well because the less said the better now after seeing this. Well, let's take a mobile in four miles on our new. to make believe line hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey you're doing a great job. Listen to you every day. Right now I'm on my way over down the friggin' Marko Island. People are dead over here. Yeah no. I do not do much more live down here either. Ah well, especially in Broward. A little more action going on there. We got a bunch of crazy cooker watches in Broward County. We got the walking dead. So you and I mission too much, you're right. At least you got all the gang bangers and guns over there. We had a couple from four miles drove all the way over to PizzaLaw's last night. How do you like that sir? drove all the way over from four miles just to see us and get our stuff. Hey that's great. I would have been there if I wouldn't have had to work. There you go. Why not? I wanted to know. How can I get a best of seating down here? They're going to be at the four miles in the, the, the specs for myers very soon, which I'll give you the, I'll just keep listening. I'll let you know when they're in there. All right. Keep it up. Thanks a lot pal. Bye bye. Thank you. Okay so anyway this is just to be expected. I'm not going to get all up sentence. I got it because they have me conditioned and we're expecting them to lie because that's all they know how to do here is lie. Yeah, they lie with a lacquer demand, just lie and lie. They can tell you anything and you know it's a lie. And then of course if you call them liars, oh no, we don't lie and we're not cheap. No, we're not cheap. We gave you basically a South Florida 800 lines. Because that's what we were looking for. No, that's what we were told we were going to get. No, that's what our program directed. No, even in Tampa, it doesn't work. George had calls from people off the year Atlanta Tampa. So it's not even a sloordinal on this. What's that Orlando? Oh, here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Hello. This guy's a little slow. Oh, it's a Orlando. Hello, let's talk to Orlando. Is he going to speak to me or not? Hello. Maybe he was just a Orlando. Yeah, yeah. It's a Orlando. Okay, well let's. So maybe it does work in Orlando. Do you think it works in Orlando? Anyway, let me before I even monkey around with the 700 l of it. It can kill days with this thing now. Okay. I'd like to kill somebody in your place because you know, is usual. Greg read this for La Crap cheat cheat cheat cheat Here's a guy that walks out of the toilet two days ago when a ratings come out and says to me, Oh, you know, people think it's easy to get ratings. We never had any ratings until we brought you over here. He says to me. Never in the history of any business has there been so little commitment to anybody. As there's a commitment to this program, by this company, ever. And we're not talking dollars and cents what they're paying me because that was part of the original. That's in black and white and if it weren't believe me I'd have to fight to get it. That was the deal. But I'm talking about after the deal. All the promises, the state of the arts studio, the 800 number, the list, the that, no commitment whatsoever. I mean none. Zero, Zippity Duda. And this is the same man who's wasted and got rid of those how much money to sue a radio station that number one has no audience. And number two, I listened to, I'm driving out of pizza locked last night. And for the first time since the first week that they signed on the year, I pushed over there to 1700. In my life and this is not an exaggeration. In my life, I've never heard anything so embarrassing. They've got more testies this strata on there pretending to be a broadcast. They all, lot of little kids, lot of little boys like to play radio. They want to be radio and answers, they want to be sports and I'll just, I guarantee that there are millions of 10 and 11 and 12 year old kids in this country who could do better. Put a better program on a year than what they're doing on that thing that were that Greg read a source of code about anyone know what I mean. They're doing fake voices. Oh, we have Mark Shaw on the phone here. That's it. They're doing a funny voice. They're doing sit down comedy. I was so embarrassed and humiliated and by the way, there's sales department, the rumor has it that they're all walking out. And nobody is getting paid. They got money to pay people over there, which I haven't seen very Jackson right that yet. Have you, oh, no. How could they have any money when they have no audience? How could they sell any spots? How could the sales people sell business when they have no audience? But our general manager, Mr. SportsMobile, he's so paranoid because they had a two-second conversation that allegedly would Joe Rose or because they're going after our sponsors or because they're going to take our sports look, his sports empire away, that we file a lawsuit against them. But to do anything for us here in this place? No, nothing. Zippity do got zero. Zero. Zippo. You're a disgrace, Greg. You're an embarrassment. You're not just a disappointment. You're a bitter, bitter embarrassment. You're a sad and sorry excuse, which is why it's a great segue into our next thing about this government. So after listening to about three minutes of this unbelievable, I mean, just, I'm mortified for them. I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated that this is what they have to put on the air. They couldn't compete with that air. That's how bad they are. And this man was psychotic and paranoid about that radio station because he hasn't got a clue what he's doing. So anyway, I'm listening then. I turned it off. I pulled on the parking lot there. I find they got a parking spot right out there in front. That Peter Leonard is waving me into because the entire crazy sales department was there. And I get out of the car. And I forget who was that broets the conversation with me about the money from the golf tournament. Remember that very famous golf tournament. The OJ golf tournament. And I have saved, you know, I saved this for a reason. See, I saved some of these old things with sometimes people throw out this Josie lamb beat inside her column. That I saved here. It's even a little yellow. It's a little yellow. It is. OJ Simpson claimed another victim in San Du Spag, the promotions guy was suspended in Yadiyada. And it's an ad and Du K originally said the event had raised 25,000 percent of one but only 2,000 minutes away to be an instrument. Some of the rest said Greg Reed went to OJ related expenses were trying to sell out the mess. This article was in there weeks ago. I don't have to date because I just clicked it off from the bottom of the page. So I don't have to date that this was in the scum signal. But it's weeks old because the golf tournament was like, do we remember how many weeks ago that was? Was it an August? Was it in early September? It's got to be several weeks ago. So to make a long story short and by the way Josie whoever told you that 2001 to the age charity, I'll tell you how much has gone to it so far. Oh, the big fat. Oh, zero zip that he do does it, but he a. All that money has loan away. They haven't seen a dime. And there's our friend Carol sitting at the day and by the way, let me apologize on behalf of Carol. She's under a lot of stress. Some people brought back to the effective CDs last night and she certainly should have swapping for you. And she instead told me I have to go back to the special where you bought it. Which was not a good move on your part. Carol, but nevertheless, she's under a lot of stress. Is that a good excuse? So anyway, I says to her. So you haven't gotten any of the money from the golf tournament yet. And she says, no, no. She says, I keep calling Ray Perry over there and it keeps telling me that, well, it's still an accounting and they still have an iron they're figured out. All the figures yet and they're, you know, a liar's figure and figures lie. However, that old saying goes, and how does that go? Figures lie and liar's figure, something like that. Lies are full of crap. So here we are weeks later. How much accounting could possibly be going on? How much money went to OJ related expenses? And let me ask you this question. If management didn't know about OJ being there, who authorized money being spent out of whatever they took in that day. For OJ related expenses. Isn't that a good question? I think? No, no. Yeah. This is in a place where they can't even write a check here. All the checks have to come from Naples from Beasley headquarters. They can't write a check for 15 cents. And yet somehow somebody in this joint managed to spend some of that money on what Greg read calls, OJ related expenses. So here we are weeks and weeks later. We went through all of this embarrassment, all of this humiliation. Oh, by the way, guess who wasn't there in our pizza last night? Roy. Thank God. We went through one of the most embarrassing episodes that any station in America probably has ever gone through. And again, something I wanted no part of. I didn't mind thinking to do it as golf tournament. September 24th. September 24th. Today is October 27th over a month ago. Five weeks ago. Now, how much accounting could possibly go on when there was allegedly only a couple of grand left after and they didn't really raise any 25 grand. That was part of Sam's a figment of his imagination. A number he pulled out of his spectrum, like the 300 grand he pulled out of his ass last year. To be a wise guy. How much accounting could be going on, Ray Perry? Who in this building? Who has got the answers to this question? How much money did that golf tournament raise for centre one? When are they going to get it? And where did the rest of it go? I think he's carving mines. Want to know the answers to those questions that I know I sure is he'll do. Since I'm representing the fundraising effort on his radio station, and since our general manager goes in print and says for publication, some of it, some of the rest went to OJ related expenses. What the hell is that? Maybe that's the reason we can't get an real 800 number on here. That works outside of like three counties away. Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, the man stands here is four feet to my right just a few days ago. It says, oh, we're not a cheap, we'll do whatever it takes, you know? Whatever it takes to fake our way through as cheaply as possible. That's the rest of the sentence. Because the beesleys are a bunch of cheap tricks who don't want to spend any dime that they don't have to. Just like our construction project out here on the third floor. See in any progress on that? No. How many months ago should that have been done? They are guaranteed the Egyptians built some of the tallest pyramids in shorter amounts of time that it's taken them to complete the erections here in his building. And you want to know why? Because they're working peace meal because they're getting paid peace meal. How do you like that? In fact, maybe some of the money from the supposed to be going to set a one from the golf term. Maybe that's what the problem is, huh? Maybe we're kind of like stealing from, I don't know where it's going. Nobody else seems to, too. That's why we're still trying to sort the mess out says Greg Reed. What a sense of humor he's got. What a guy, huh? What a bitter disappointment. One thing you can depend on. If Greg Reed tells you something ladies and gentlemen, you can be sure. It's probably a polycrath. And 800 number of my big fat bloody rectum. 26 amp to 10 is 560 WQM pay, play like men and they look like women. He's a good boy, too. He's a decent shit. He's a good boy, too. He's a decent shit. He's a good boy, too. He's a decent shit. He's a good boy, too. He's a decent shit. He's a decent shit. He's a good boy, too. He's a decent shit. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. He's a good boy, too. Chrogy-Dru don't drink the becomeser, venerish. Throw pressure on her. hand over it, 팔他. You rather than you don't have a bath, are you? Come back. Oh no, I'm doubting a fancy information. The phone is a long distance company access code. Is this a error for the number you have found? So you found a code with the answer. What does that mean? All these lines are locked out so that the shoppers can't make long distance calls and they have a code. Yeah, which we did. Well, write it down to hold it up and I'll punch in the code. Well, I know be able to hear it. I don't know what happens if it's a make up thing here. Yeah. And then what? Dalat and then hit that code. But you didn't get a tone so I don't understand. Normally there's a tone and then you enter the code. So you have to read all of them. You get the tone. But I didn't hear a tone so I didn't know what to say. So I don't know if I can read them. So I don't know if I can read them. And then you put it that code. Yes. I think write in the code. If you ask me. Ah, ah, ah, ah. They won't read. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Information. What? Sorry. As long as this is company access code is the client. It's not a number. It's a code because I'm done. It works. But nothing's this line obviously. Don't ask me why. Well, no, I figured that way. Then I'd know for sure because somebody called from Tampa said they can't get it. The number by the way is 877. 785 Neo. Any I.L. 785. 645. That's our Phantom make believe tool free number. That was supposed to be tool free from like wherever people were listening. They're listening on real on the radio thing on the audio net all over the world. And that was supposed to be the deal here. So we were told that's what we agreed to. Wasn't that what we were talking about? We thought this was going to be. Ah, yeah. And come to find out that the people in Tampa can't get to it. Orlando, I'm not really sure whether there was really somebody on there or not. What? Oh. WQM. Make believe line. Hello. Hello. What is that? Is a line checker? Well, I already got a couple cranks on it. So I know. Yeah. Well, that's good. That's a good time. Maybe they're calling from far away. We don't care about that. If you're in New Hampshire, call us on the atul free line even if you're a crazy than a bed book. 1 8 7 7 7 8 5 63 45 WQAM. Good. Good. Yes sir. I'm in St. Pete man. I'm calling you. You're at St. Pete. Hey, here we go. Here's the guy at St. Pete. He doesn't get in through on our line. How you going? Great. It's sounding good man. Unbelievable. You look down the audio net. Just I am and people need to be dialing and EIL. Reverse and EAL. Maybe that's what the problem is. You're a 60, 345 makes it in hell of a lot easier. That's some dumb people over here. Over there. Yeah. Trust me. You don't want to swap. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. God bless you. Well, pray for you. There's a guy in St. Pete. Oh, I like that. Things are getting a little bit better all already. Roll away halfway up to state. Yeah. Well, we're all way up north of the lake now. Let's see if we can get one of our student people up there in Jamesville or Tallahassee in other slime. You think they're going to be able to get through? No. See, I'm taking a map. WCQAM. Big Spender line. You knew it works in Naples. Are you on Naples? Yeah. Well, that goes well that's saying. But if you were Naples, it'll be a lot more impressed. That's right. So will you probably be too? Well, will you please we got you people over there on the west coast? At least we got you guys aligned, right? You bet. We're going to just burn this thing up. We're going to build up our community. Those are big. In fact, during the break, I'm going to go out in the hallway and I'm going to call on it. Thanks a lot, pal. Appreciate it. You bet. And have a great day. Kiss the beeslears for us, too, by the way. Okay. I go ahead and see them. Right on the back dome. Yeah. Give them a big wet one for us. Keep bastards. Keep bricks. Those people don't deserve the knee around your shoulder. I'll tell you that right now. You beeslears, you ought to kiss the ground. You ought to kiss my fat old baggy ass just for just for coming in here every day. Put enough of this crap. Make believe. Make believe radio boy. At least we had that make believe ballroom music. I mean, it's not as good as it is, no matter what remember that, but I am. To make believe ballroom. Here on make believe radio, WQAM, where the management lies like it's coming out of there. Back dome ass. WQAM. Uh, Neil? Yes, sir. Hi. I'm calling. I live near Saratota. Right. And I'm getting you fine on the number. Now where wereabouts? Give me a town. Are you from the Giverhal to Port Charlotte? Oh, sure. I'm listening to you on the on the real player. Right. I just want to call it you know, I just want that I tried a number. So we're all right. Well, Port Charlotte, of course, is way south of St. Petersburg. Yeah, it will make it in some progress. We started like in Fort Myers. Then we had the Naples guy moving up a little bit. And now we're over. No, I've got to backward Naples is south and then Fort Myers. And then we're up to Port Charlotte, not the way up to St. Petersburg. Yeah, well, this is a direct, this is a direct, go nowhere town. I'm a few things sunrise in the bad and Delray Beach. I mean, oh, yeah, you're going to do their very fast on ice 75. Yeah, you don't want to take your two like I'm bad. I just for it when I go to there. Thank God, what a brother for sure you are. All right. Thank you, sir. God, I'm really glad to see you. All right. See, we got millions of people listening all over the world here. And there's cheap, fast radio station. Won't get us a goddamn watch line or a voice synthesizer or any other guy they're equipment because they lie because they're cheap because they suck. They suck the big one. That's right. When they put his ass in a ground, okay, with a hole in his head, Greg Reed on his tombstone, it's going to say he sucked a big one. That's right. I'm telling you right now. Roy. God, damn it. Bull crap artist. Oh, when I shake your hand, we got to deal. Yeah, right. When you shake my hand, I run in water real fast. I'll tell you that right now. Funny bastard. What a prick. What a piece of turd man. The Phantom 800 line. And of course we got a program director who's really got the big pair. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He's probably sitting in there weeping right now. Oh, Neil's ripping his honor here. Greg, what are we going to do? Here's a guy that doesn't go to bend to wonder Joe Rose. Why did the punches lights out in the hall a couple of months ago. He doesn't go to bat for the talent this guy. He sits in there scared of his own goddamn shadow. Type it up these schedules. Does he go to bat for us? No. No. We need God damn Pete Rose to come in here and bat for us. That's what we need. He'd go down there and he'd go right down the hall there and punch Greg reads lights out if we had Pete Rose's PD. Yeah, PD. That's right. We don't need a PD who cries. We need a PD who kicks ass. That's PD Rose. No matter what Jim Gray says, he'd go down there and kick the snout out of that guy's head. 21 before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM, where the humor and by the way, we know where that money is from the golf tournament. No. Oh. Think anybody is building those right at money went to charity and all. No. charity. We don't want to rip off charities. You know, especially Neil's charity center one. It does all that good work for people in HIV. We don't want to rip them off. No. So where's the guy damn money already five weeks later? By the beat by the book by the bat by the beat. Yeah, you lie in sack of crap. 21 to 11. I just said that. Did I want to read you say that? No. Can't beat that get or me. Some people don't. Just don't have a clue. Yeah. They walk all around. With their head off that blue. Back home. It's all the way with the same. They're just looking for things. And they're so beautiful. They're like the chronic from the... Oh, the chronic somewhere. It's first on the line. So we took the last test. We have both in team line. Really waiting for you, kid. I just come on up with you green for a bit. We, you and what army of little young who's your wee. All your friends have here. We have all your French carpets. Why don't you stand up like on your own? It's always wee. Like you got all your buddies. How's the people like stand on your own things? We don't stand on our own. No wee. There's that wee again, man. Are you speaking French or English? You're being as wee. Wee. Wee. We are. Wee. There we go. Wee. I'm starting to like dance clay on out. Sure you can't even spell us. We don't want to rock these clay on the radio. Right. Winning. And you know where you go. Wee. Wee. You sound like that baby. Are you in the literature? Are you an interest? You're an interest in that baby. You want to meditate on the way to the water? Some people don't. Great thoughts. They don't have a clue. They're welcome. With their head up there, blue. There's always this thing. They're just looking at what's for fame. And love the earth. Like the comic. Wee. Wee. All 14 before 11 at 5. 60 WQAM. So our center one total is 28,880. Pizza law last night. The court is what you just backed me here. 2006-15. Is that sound like just almost 4000. Oh, I don't know. I'm just doing the best I can boys and girls. That's all I can do. So we're close to 30 grand. And the good news for the people in four miles over there is that the special four miles has already got the best thing you'll lie to. In stock as we speak. There's some good news today. I think we count in board would say. I'm dead. There's good news tonight. So the reason I played the corner from Lootsling is that now we got this great number and here that we're saying about six counties. We can hook up with some of our old good buddies over here. Maybe we'll hear from some of those chronics. I'll be sure. Hope not. 560-505-60 pound-56 on the 18-T line. And 877-785-Neal any IEL-877-785-60-45 on the out of town line. In addition to which now that we got that number to give out, just think of how much more time that will kill. This show will go by like that lightning. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Miami. A M M. 26 minutes they've been waiting to sit there on the other end of the line. Are they making guttable sounds or are we on a hold or something? Miami. Do not be there. Thank you so much. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Okay. They're gone. And that was on. See that was not on the line nine. Which I wonder why he called on the line six. And he said he was on his own toll free number. Everybody in their brother. Everybody's got like one employee which might be himself. He's got a toll free number. What have we got? We got a make believe. We got a great read toll free number that works about 15 yards out of the building. Here's Island Marotta. Hello. Oh, yes. Yeah. I got three great ones for you. Yes. Number one. When that plane went down the South Dakota, you know that it's likely it's frightened some cows. And when it hit, it stands to reasonably kill the number of fields mice. I think Peter has a right to have their own. And that's the guy in the bus to get a team in there with the. Well, they're on CNN right now. Right. Yeah. Okay. And the two are on CNN as we speak. He is there. He is there. The team is on the scene. And how about them two cops that got caught taking their pictures with the. Oh, Jay. And there's a guy. Right. They were supposedly relieved the duty. I bet that's. I've made Miami police squad and it's going to back on the street again. You need to find out about that. And lastly, I got a good reason why he wrote. She did not get anything. Yeah, go ahead, sir. There's something this line down after this call. Go ahead. There's some is a scam. What does that mean? Scab, you know, S.A.A.B. The lowest form of life. Nothing lower than those. You know that. Answer you. Oh, his son. Okay. Well, have a great day, Phil. I'm having a hard time staying awake to that. Well, it's all over. The like I said, the chronic from Mootsa thinks should have been a signal to us. See, that's the thing. We don't want to floor the line. This was what I was hoping to get some people. I'm not with all the respect. I mean, the people in Saint Pete. We had a couple of, you know, reasonable people on there. But we don't want floor to cause. We already got floor to cause. That's the problem of the show. Is that's all we can get us floor to cause. Greg, you idiot. You scumbag. You, uh, he's an ass. Right. You lying piece of turd. Oh, look at. Now, here's the call. Now, is that for real? I think the other people must have just been down in the wrong number. Yeah, they were down in the wrong number. I know Greg Green wouldn't let us down like that. What do you do that? Yeah. No, you wouldn't. Here's the call from Phoenix. I know who this is. Real good. Yes, sir. Call him from Phoenix. Arizona, Wissard to your real audio. The 785, 6345 works with the 877. How do you like that? It works in Phoenix, baby. I was down in the wrong number. Those other answers. I'm just trying to make me depressed. I'll retar it now. I'm going to start off Florida. I'll be going to excuse to tell you what a scumbag Greg read is. Which he is. Anyway, if I just wanted to call and let you know, I'm closing Sir, my friend, Charlie, he is a douchebag. Are you, you're not the satellite guy in Phoenix, are you? Oh, no, no, no. I was in the different, I actually have a different guy in Phoenix who wasn't in the show every day. It surprises me, but it wasn't surprising if you got a bunch of them, the trans planner about four years but out here, listen to you on the audio met every single day. I guess the people here weren't old enough for you. How is that why you went to Phoenix? I don't know. I went out here for a little better education. There you go. All right. Watch out for the cactus man. Have a good one, my friend. There's a call from Phoenix Arizona, ladies and gentlemen. See, one of these people just stood up a bunch of crap. Okay, they're still in the pot to probably smoke it enough. And what about the guy from a Cincinnati that called you and said he couldn't get through? He probably dialed a wrong number. Do you think? They're probably the dollarling 800 or the damn any AL or a fake any ELK any EL does work too good. Deal with the K? Oh, this is going to be. This is going to be great. Like I said, we can kill hours and hours dittling around with this plan with it. I'm sure you can relate to that. Let me give you the correct number again. Let me give it slowly. Let me take 20 or 30 minutes to do that. Before I get enough. Oh, by the way, here's one of the worst letters to the editor ever printed. Why would the hero print a letter like this? And please don't tell me they print all the letters to papers because they don't do that. Gary Rodriguez in Miami, sure hope no relation to you. Probably not. I applaud Miami-Dade School Board member Dmitriop Perez for the Petition Drive to keep kids on school property during lunch break. The students should have nothing to complain about because they can still get to their handguns in the parking lot. Is that one of the most disgusting, the most pathetic, the most embarrassing, the most low test letters in the editor you've ever read in your life? From Gary Rodriguez in Miami. He's an asshole. Yeah. And then some. Of course, I'm sure there's only 50,000 Gary Rodriguez in Miami so we can remain anonymous very safely. In fact, his name is probably Tom Smith. Nice going, Gary Rodriguez, you jackass. All the kids are evil in her bed. Look at us, the only line we got now is the out of town line going. Everybody else is giving up. And that's okay. We don't care, like I said, we talked to enough floor. Like I said. See, that's the problem, which he discussed with you before. They just can't get anything right here. They just can't get it right. And again, that's because we got whips. We're working around here. We got whips and gimps. Mental, there's people with no balls. There's, they just don't care. They don't give a crap. Everything you do time, like she said, like Linda Blair said in the exercises in time. Yeah, right. And that's how it is here. So, no way to make it around. Or maybe not. You know, stop making problems. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, count 5, 60 on the 18. 10, 10, 10, 10 while it's lying. So, I guess we shouldn't be concerned about the fact that there's that missing money from that growth test golf tournament. We shouldn't be too concerned about that. No. No. The fact that this radio station is dishonorable enough, not to have a very quick accounting and get them the money, which is in our money, which shouldn't be in somebody's pocket here, wherever they're hiding it. I'd like to, of course, they're using it like they always do robbing Peter to pay Paul. Or maybe they want to pay the contractors with a money like I said before. The embarrassment to fall out from that thing just never stops. Never stops. Did we want any part of that golf tournament? No, we want to be associated with it. Oh, do I play golf? No. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, I heard earlier that you're going to bring the best in the old CDs over to the spectrum for Myers. They're already there. Oh, they are there as I speak, I'd like that. Oh, that's good. Wouldn't be even better if they brought some of the older ones. They're going to just have the best of 99. Well, as far as I know, they only have these, but that's not a bad idea. We can sure suggest it. We haven't tried to find a copy of Star Wars Cantina. Right. That's how one of the older ones. That's what I figured. Those who want to, I mean, chase it and get them over here in Fort Myers. I've looked on your website, and I can never find a listing of what's on each CD. Well, I'll tell you what, you keep listening this morning. And I'll look on because I've got them all behind me here. And I'll look and find which one it is, and then you can order it from the website. Okay, that'll work. How's that? That's fine with me. Okay, I have a great day. This is a great deal. We're kind of like communicating with the outside world. I know that's a, that's a really radical thing or concept that's alien to these people here. These little profile, those pickers. Well, we never had any ratings. We brought you over here. Oh, I wonder why Greg, I think we can get a squeeze a few more spots in there and drive time. Can we squeeze just a few more in there, maybe? Come on. You can get him in and get a shoe horn out. Because the children of wood piles that bitch down there in a sales department, she's the chigrette wood pile here. She's the one that calls the shots. She's the one that's stuffing this place with God. They have spots so that we're losing bonus money because of her. That's why the like the listenership is down so dramatically in morning driving, afternoon drive, even though their queue is up, more people are listening, but they're listening for like five minutes a week. Because they just don't have the patience, especially in drive time. But maybe they have a life to keep listening to 10 and 12 and 13 minute commercial breaks in my right. I'm a few bit years sweet ass. I'm right. But don't mess with screw-in, baby, because she's the one pulling the strings. I'm talking about raw. Yeah, she's pulling that too. 1056 at 5.50 WQAM. Well, I fired up in the smoke in the day. Well, a good reason to, I would say. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, that money. We're still trying to figure out, but it is, oh, yeah. See, this isn't another contest winner from Power 96 that they can put off for two, three, four months. This isn't George's bonus that they can keep stalling off for two, three, four, six months. This is money that was supposed to be raised for charity, okay? That if I were in their position, I'd be pretty glad they didn't bear us. To have somebody to my main guy going on a year and screaming and yelling about the effects that we have and turn the money over to them yet. Or even told him how much it is yet. Because it would make me look like some kind of an ass. Is how it would make me look. Like some kind of a bad business person. Like some kind of a shester. Four minutes before 11 at 5.16 WQAM. Kim Bocaford talks sports. Oh, Jack. Right here. On the fourth radio 5.16, you A-M. Oh, I'm gonna keep running. Who's on your tail? Help me open the lock, help me. Am I only helping? The name was Leah. She was a princess with the Danish army jeer and I think it's right here. So I do deal with you. Some men can know me. Oh, we are. We have to put the Death Dog land to two lower valiant hands. So we can't go be one. Patagonal to all the runs. So they stopped it through more tightly. But have a drink with pods at the start. Once upon a time, God was kept in the sea. So when creatures you've ever seen a sea. I've stopped for a time, Once upon a time, The music and monsters at all. Yes, I'm after them, God was... Who have to have followed me with so long ago? I'm so... He was a pilot with the theft that is died in a small robotic water. He was a rookie. They met with Luke in Obi-Wan about the millennium. Fucker, I'm not in the United States. Don't you lose your thoughts, don't you? Don't you lose your thoughts, don't you? With the planet's best life. They don't come and then hard. On the cross, the stars are lost. Don't you have a scene? So when creatures you've ever seen a sea. He has the starboard, the world can't be no longer. Because they can't pass to that old, And I'm at the starboard. I'll take this place. Or never find. The more I'm rich, His hide comes and comes to the land. The caution. His name was Yoda. He was a mother. Who? Don't pity what's so bad By the way, he's new that Luke is just a jerk. His hand got torn. Is that guilty for far away? Luke is not allowed today, but but but but what's so mean? Jobah had bad hygiene. Why didn't they all to relax back on time to win at the starboard? Don't worry, Tentina. The way the creatures you've ever seen a sea. He has the starboard, the starboard can't be no longer. You think it's impossible, And I'm at the starboard. Or maybe? Or maybe? Or maybe? Or maybe? Or maybe? Or maybe? Or maybe? Or maybe? 11,04, 5,16, 12,13, So anyway, it's not on any of the best of us. The scour and Erica, Who does a great job on our website up there in Orlando. I said, we're putting it on our website. So that will be a place where you can find it. Okay. So anyway, Tom, DJ, remember he wrote that crap about all wasn't really that bad of a storm and the weather People didn't blow it. No, you people were saying that our assholes, You're full of crap. See, I was talking to you the day. In fact, one of the guys that came out the pizza loft last night. He was thinking he profusely, for putting out yesterday, and accurately so. But just because somebody who dies was famous in whatever line of work they did, doesn't make their life more meaningful or worthy of more coverage than anybody else, like the mother that went out there to try to save her two kids and then got herself electrocuted in the middle of that storm. Well, the guy who went to work because nobody called nobody stopped his work that day and he wound up going off into the canal and drowning because he was trying to go to work because they didn't close down the joint. And almost nobody did close down because again they blew it and sputter what Tom's just says who says it was just a little bit of rain. You know, like I said the other day, time you're perfect for this market. I'm going to give you an idea of how perokial this market is. How pathetic it is. So predictable. We don't even have people who cover radio and television on a regular, you know, on the right. The only thing we get is Tom's reviews of the new TV shows after he spends two or four months, Lolli gagging around at Hollywood Park in Santa Anita out there on a west coast. The ratings come out here. Well, often they have a mass exodus from their staff because they're on a verge. I guarantee they won't make it with that format to the end of the year. Take that to the bank. All kinds of things going on. The rating story, the big success story is a smegmal 103.5 going through the roof on that disco crap. All kinds of things. So what's the story in today's Sun Sentinel? And of course, it's a syndicated story. Not even written by any local writers. We don't have really any local writers. Paul Brownfield and the LA Times writes with picture, of course, and with a plug-on radio where you can find it. Can students come up to survive the horse? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, big article here about because Howard's getting a divorce. Again, it's the hypesters man, whoever died Ricky Martin on the front page, Howard's on the inside page, Howard's on the front page. Same old-tired crap. But the stuff that's going on here, which gets what last time I checked, Howard doesn't do we show here. Does he? No. Nobody knows about it. Nobody knows about it. Nobody knows about it. Nobody knows from it. It's to the SEC fine, whether it's a diagonal model 3.0 points, but no matter what it is, nobody hears nimmt tummy. Nobody hears instrument. And Tommy and could establish M krijgen to take the time to test capitalize the richness of education and the weapons of people—inher watchings. And with a lot of people—we're liaisable and being worried, not that, that was alright in here and you are being canım. For like, it would't help you when it's okay. And the whole point is that maybe when Middle East is doing the 3D testing and says we want words of forgiveness. Of course! you live here and be so oblivious to the stuff that's going on around you. Tom, how can you be just, I mean, is it stupidity in difference? What could it be? I know that's those rampant qualities here in South Florida. But I'll say it again, just because painstower was a famous golfer and most people who aren't into golf had no idea who he was. Didn't make his death worthy of the incredible and it's still going on by the way. They're not even close to being finished. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line and 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil on the other town line for a whatever it will be working. Here's a mobile and pep work pie and hello. Okay, that's the end of that. That's the end of our calls for the day. I'm just going to sit here and eat my beef turkey. I'm not going to get all up and work up about these things because nobody cares. Try again, mobile and pep or pie and hello. Yes, yes sir. I'm just thinking about we're all at money, went to that golf thing. Yeah. You know, I think when you robbed theater to pay fall, that makes Peter so or nobody likes to So with theater. You agree with that? That's what I wanted to say, anyhow. Okay, thanks. Hello, hello, thanks to the heat. Okay, sure what I missed that. And he's gone from like local, pepper fine. He's not out of town like in Lutus somewhere. He's gone right here in town. Thanks a lot, buddy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You see what I mean about calls from Florida? Oh my God. Three more years of calls from Florida. Just take the money, Neil. I will, thank you. Anybody got real ideas where they money went from the golf tournament? Anybody inside the building having a counting of that? Got any excuses for that? Always still trying to sort it out. Yeah, don't get upset about all these things. No offense, football. Sports radio, 5, 60. You a half. If we're to the lotion in the basket. Don't you love Bill Bradley? Don't we need Bill Bradley? He's more than 60 times. Played for the basket for. So she'll love Bill Bradley. Yeah, we need him Bradley. He's going to win the race. He fell off him cause he is the now-per-course. Did I mention that? He isn't out of record. He played for the next. He doesn't borrow stick. Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out of record. Not out of record. Not out of record. Not out of record. Yeah, he's not out of record. Actually at one time, we love Bill Bradley. Mostly cause he's out. Powering, palper, score. Well, those are love Bill Bradley. You know. Those are love Bill Bradley. Not really, we ought to say that they all thought. I mean, yeah, if you really want my honors opinion, that's a kind of another horrendous tourist. They all suck. There isn't a single one of them who could lead a bunch of girls over the edge of a cliff. It's 14 pounds to $11.550. If you have, here's a facts from Billy B. How you doing, Billy B? How you B? It says, I travel a lot less than you on the net. Wherever I happen to be. This week I'm in Montreal, and needless to say, says, Billy B, The 877-785-6345 number doesn't work from here from Montreal. I guess we didn't get the frog line installed. Anyway, just want to let you know I enjoy the show and can't get my ass into gear until I listen to you. Keep it up and they work to says Billy B. Thank you, Billy B. And give a big kiss to my friend, Dick Irvin Jr. up there and Montréal. I'll show you a few tears for those Canadians. Or maybe you'll do it for you. Here's a facts from a Brian who says he lives in Boit and Beatzen. There's a special letter and they have the CDs but not the key chains. Which by the way, I don't have my key chain that I had yesterday to do that in the UK because somebody I'll you can borrow my swipe it or have it. But they're not having a suspect. Specks that they wouldn't they couldn't carry them because they'd be too easy to lift to lift to be shop open. So you have to get them at our appearances or you can order them from center one like you can order them off the roggies.com right off the website. It would be a good way to do it. There's more than one way to skin a pull cat until they're that okay Brian. There you go. So anyway, let me give that number again for out of town. See, I'm really not certain we had the Phoenix call. Do we have any other call from out of state? You said the Phoenix call. It was a real call. I don't think so. 1877-785-Neal-785-6345. Just just checking here. We're just testing it out today to see how much we can picture about it. It would probably be a lot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Did you have the script anything about the tytoni incident? About the one. Tytoni incident. Tytoni? Right. Did you read the paper there? Tytoni is that some of you get it to peach a lot? No, no, no. I have no idea what the script is. Tytoni. Right. Racism against the brothers. The brothers didn't say they didn't tip. So he didn't say that. Yes, sir. As a matter of fact, that didn't ring a bell. Yes, I do. That's true a lot of the time, but you can't say that. Is that in a Harold? Right. One moment please. I'm sorry. One moment please. Here it is. Patrons alleged race bias at Miami Beach, where I'm so good. Yeah, I was going to talk about that. But who the hell is Tytoni? Tytoni. Who is Tytoni? A restaurant. Oh, that's a tire restaurant. T-A-A-I. I thought you were talking about an athlete. No, no. Tytoni, like Ty Cobb. Okay, call me back some of the time pal when you're like come oriented with. I don't know. He's like, got something going on in the background there. To get a little problem. But at any rate, Patrons alleged race bias by at Miami Beach, E-D-Ree. The name of the restaurant is Ty. It just didn't sound right the way he said it. He said it like was a person's name. Do you be following what I'm saying there? Yeah. The restaurant is called Tytoni, 890 Washington Avenue. And at any rate, two patrons of the restaurant say the proprietor at an automatic 50% returated their check and then told him why. He says, black people don't tip good. When the customer questioned the search, he told him he said the tough crap I'm adding it automatically because he sparks his own tip well. Now, see like in many restaurants around the world, they automatically include a 50% search for service. And then you don't have to, any of you want to leave a little more. That's okay, too. But since this is not an international city, this is strictly a horse and buggy town. People aren't accustomed to that. They figure they're going to leave whatever tip they want voluntarily. In addition to which I'd like to ask this question. Well, anyway, Charles Thompson 40, a travel counselor from American Express, Platinum card said the episode occurred at Tytoni. And he was so upset that he called Miami Beach Police 911 to complain. He called 911 to complain about that. I think we ought to complain about him. 911 is an emergency number, sir. It's not for somebody that like charged you a tip that you weren't too happy about. Or you were unhappy at their comments. Maybe it was a racial emergency. You think so? Thompson went to their charity night with Theresa L. White 48, and it supervised a bit of American Express travel related to some of the, both of them are short to our black, Shmo's. They ordered Sochi, Spring rolls, and a spicy snapper. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. No wonder he was pissed off. Maybe it was this spicy. He thought it was going to be. I had just tasted your snack. Wow. What a thought that is. Nothing to make me gag. I'll tell you that. The waiter handed Thompson the check 51 dollar stand with the words for your convenience 15% virtuities added the tip $7.65. And see 51 bucks out of automatically. M&S swimming the service was good in the it was an okay place. Out of it, I would get a lot to $10 tip. Wouldn't you? No, not you. You wouldn't have been eating your life place. I was playing like Thai food. You don't like Thai food? But I am a generous. How about Thai Tony? You know him? I love what I was saying that. I was great. Hey, you know Thai Tony? I know Thai Tony. That's the name of the restaurant. Very strange name. But it's THA. They also have a Hebrew. They have a kosher of Thai restaurant called Thai Tony. Thompson said he questioned the gratuitty because he had dined at Thai Tony in the past. And never saw it that bad over. A white couple received a check in nearby table. He said, and he asked to see it as they paid with American Express platinum card. The tip was not included. How do you like that? I asked to speak to the manager Thompson said a man came over and introduced himself as Tony. The owner. I said, I want to know why my check was stamped. And there was was not. He said, you people do not tip well. Maybe he knows Ross Piro. You people don't tip well. You people. I said excuse me. He said it again. Black people don't tip well. As Thompson quietly left. To call. What is it? Where's the rest of this guy damn thing? What is out. Got them. By the way, I was going to talk about him. He's the hero of the Cuban house. He's also going to jail. Where the hell is there? Oh, here it is. And she left quietly to call 911. The owner repeated his words to white. He pulled us here up across from me and sat down. He said, I'm yellow. Your black and he's Latin meaning the way to was Latin. I said, what do you mean, sir? He said, our experiences that your kind of people don't tip well. Your kind of people. And my way to depend on your tip. I got him gagging on that to sling him. I think it was Arson, a connect one. She said she asked him where he was from. And he said, Japan. I said to him, you understand what you're saying. He said, well, it's the truth. Let me ask you, they have any shparts. Isn't Japan? Probably not too many. I have a lot of golf courses. Who most their logs? By then, three officers arrived on bicycles. Two interviewed Thompson and white officer Tim Roll, no relation to spring. Let inside to talk to the owner, Hiromi Tony, Takarata. The officer asked him to explain he said, I put a gratuitity on the check. I asked him to put the gratuitity on everybody's check. He said, no, no. I just put the gratuitity on people's check. I just don't take tip good. Those people don't tip good. They're saying shpartsers. The officer asked him to explain what he meant by those people. He said, black people don't tip good. That's our poll question today. By the way, you shpartsers out there. Tip good or what? What's a good tip? At the turtis ticket. I mean, you know, at a good restaurant. Is a turtis ticket or bow jangles? That's him. Which one is in? Both of them. He said, black people don't tip good. I explain to that discrimination. That's just because people are certain color. Doesn't mean you can charge them extra. He said, I know, but these people don't tip good. Roll said he was stunned and sympathetic. What the owner of the restaurant didn't know is that my wife is black. Roll and spring is married to the de mommy date sergeant. Police Christine Salmon Roll. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, that's her name. Salmon hyphen roll. Oh, like, spring may not be related to spring roll. But he is related to Salmon Roll. Oh, they're call for you, right? Where's he got him? I'm not making this up. He's married to mommy date police sergeant, Christine Salmon Roll. Roll told Tom Center was nothing he could do as a copy and he had in his business garden said, if he need me, I will testify. I want to testify. That's what the parliament said. Remember their bakery? I want to testify. No, maybe they'll play that on smiggle. Talker-wounded and not return repeated code to his restaurant Monday and Tuesday, Yoko Ellipsen had waitress at another talker water restaurant Tony Sushi, also on South Beach, said her boss was in New York and couldn't be reached for comment. What was her name? Yoko. Talker water made the Herald of 1989 on news story about the scarcity of black waiters or waitresses in South Beach for a strength. He said many blacks lack the proper attitude and energy to service customers. Thompson retained a lawyer, Stephen Couslowski, on Flabberg after that this was so blatant Couslowski said it runs a foul of federal and state civil rights acts which prevents discrimination in public accommodations. He said he will file a complaint with a Florida commissioner commission on human relations. Augh, I was going there Steve Howard Simon, executive director of the ACLU of Florida said you have to have been comatosed during a civil rights revolution in this country in the 60s or have a totally dead incentive just as not to know that you shouldn't discriminate against people on the basis of some racial stereotypes. It said Thompson said he received a revised check with a tip deleted he paid in cash. Oh, I might have been speaking of paying in cash remember last week I was talking about public about supermarkets and they don't have a if they have an express lane they ought to mean it cash only guess what's in my song, Racer, uh, public cash only express like you guys you're the best. See I talk they listen. Anyway, although he said he ordinarily leaves at these 20% of the apologetically informed the waiter he would not be tipping I want you to be angry your boss he said I want you to be pissed off at the boss kick him in the ass. That's Laney I bastard. Or he didn't say that I said so how do you like that huh? That's our pull question today. Thank you very much sir for a Thai Tony. I don't idea what he was talking about even I read the story this morning. What do you think about some jat that comes over here and starts picking on darkies? What do you think about that? Got some goddamn nerve don't you think? 560 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in western hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Did you see our buddy, uh, the little weasel Jim Gray last night on the world fair? No I did not. I didn't watch the world series I was watching hockey last night so I sort of I mean the gagging choking graves no matter what the squirrel as you knew they were going to lose so why waste your time watching. Yeah I just wanted to see if he backed that'll because he initially said in the papers I'm not going to apologize. Well he did and the paper in the paper this morning is said he didn't give kind of a look for it. Oh yeah a little half party said the interview went on too long and it took some of the joy out of the occasion I apologize that's not the deal. Even the practice of the interview right you idiot. The fact that he was interrogating and brow beating and not just doing an interview on a mobile supposed to be a very effective occasion. Right. In fact that he's a major role and he's he's a piece of crap. He's got he got the personality of a dead uh uh war I'll tell you that right now. Yeah but I I've been in the rest office before and it's it might be stereotypical but black people don't tip uh I mean it's not all black people but most I good good good good good. Obviously guys even have a legal right to do this but maybe you had a point though maybe he's a sick second to her and of course the fact that he made the other racial comments also make you wonder about this guy but nevertheless maybe he's got a point black people better start learning the tip well. Yeah well I don't think he was burned by the manager he probably burned by the fight he snapped her. Okay have a great day sure quote by your head five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two out of slime do black people kid poorly that's our question huh I'm not gonna answer that's a uh only one South Florida radio station had a hey hey hey hey you want this thing to it and sober we've got to do sports radio five sixty Q a F this forever to get that taste and smell out of your system. ow Hey, Ricky, tell me why you're still in circumcised a witty. And witty, I'll bet the further we're on, and when you feel, best and no proper mission. Just tell us not your friend, you can't make your feet out of the water where your eyes are. You're a booch, a banger, and make you like the sky. And you're a booch, a banger, you're a banger. You're a banger, a banger. Oh, and a banger, a banger, a banger. 23 at 5.60 WCM, we got Hank Inns Studio with 2, we got the Booster 6 to 7. I'm under here at the Panthers tonight, and by the way, how come we haven't heard about Paw Bellbury playing that yet? The end of the show this morning was saying, well after practice, we don't have to wait for a game time, after practice will find the decision. So we had to call about it yet. Oh, yeah, firmware by the way, sure is you that Paw Bellbury will play tonight, told me that it's getting the stream. We are a pizza loft last night. You said if Paw Bell don't play tonight, you're upset, he'll give you a free refund of the door on the way out. Anybody believe him? No. So anyway, how is that spring roll guy doing, huh? What kind of salmon roll? I know Esther Roll, you think she's kind of salmon roll? No. So that's our poll question today. Thank you sir, by the way, for I'll give you an item to understand what you were talking about there for about the first 20 minutes. Reminding me about the Thai Tony story. Makes a great poll question. Who's the worst tipers, the frogs, the French Canadians, the chargers or old Jews? Now that's tough, huh? Here's four mire's, hello. Wait, but that ain't it. Okay, so here's four mire's. I'm going to have to get you to that line, hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, we're originally from Canada and had some friends down here. We went over to the Naples Registry and they did that same thing to us at a 15% on automatically. And are we either to all this with any time Canadians or Germans come in that's just their standard practice. Oh, right. You're much should have been on a list to their terrible tipers, right? And by the way, if you go to Germany, they do have the tip automatically included as we're all of that. And most of your. Well, let's go on my material now. Okay, thank you sir. My book. Okay, there you go. The French Canadians, baby, don't take them to the restaurant with you because you'll get sucked in less they're willing to pay your tip, which of course they won't. 5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line and 877785. Neil any I.L. 100 brand new out of town on their works in a few places. Phoenix and the floor of South Florida and St. Pete. Here's Hylia. Hello. When Roy took Roger and those other people to dinner and use the QAM credit card. Did he get? He did. He did. He used the QAM credit card. Well, how do you know he didn't use the cash from the golf tournament? He probably used that. Maybe that's where it went. I was wondering, did you think like. I've actually, you know, somebody else's money is probably even a big one. You, in private, you think Roger says to him like, listen, you know I did it, but you know I'm glad that you like support me and everything. But of course I did it. I could be so stupid. I don't know. I don't think so. I think he's in denial. Yeah, okay. He wouldn't have worth those ugly issues. Yeah. No. Okay, thanks. You know, something I don't have any, I don't know if it's that slim gym or maybe my fluids on a way out that I've been fighting for two weeks. But I'm having a real grumbling, just a little advanced warning. I always like to give you warning course our breaks are long enough. I can go out there with no problem at all. And I have plenty of time left over to come washing right back in. No sweat at all. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm calling to take your poll. Yes. I mean, answer your question. I'm listening. How about the shavards? It's not tipping? Yes. I've been waiting until it's for two years and there. They absolutely worst dimples. What do you like that? Absolutely worse than French Canadians. That's a close second. They're tied, I think. Tied? Tell me. They're tied for the lowest tips. I mean, if you get 10% in your real lucky. Yeah. Now, what kind of a restaurant you're working for? For star restaurant. Really? Yeah. Well, I first of all see. I don't understand why cheap tippers go into a nice restaurant in the first place. Why do they go to McDonald's? Well, the French Canadians, they try to make play it off like they think it's included. Like Europeans, you know. Right. But the shavards, you know, the border race here. They know better. Yeah. I'm a captain. I don't see too many American sports who's traveling around Europe. I haven't encountered any other commission. Exactly. So I can see what the Canadians and Europeans and they have some of them and excuse but not the shavards. Okay. One vote for the shavards. We got you down, pal. I use them. I have a great day. See this guy brought it on himself. I mean, no, the guy is wrong. He's got no right to do that. But it is, it's an issue. Maybe black Americans, whatever they want to call themselves this week. Maybe they did a little bit of education. If you're going to go into a restaurant, especially a nice one. I mean, if the dinner for two was 51 bucks, it can't be too shabby of a place. The tytony place, whatever it is, rig a tony place. So you're going to go in air if you can afford 51 bucks. For me, you can afford a elimination tip. Don't be leaving like a bucket of half. The frogs don't have to be the worst. I mean, you see these people in a group like eight of them, ten of them. $100 check, $150 check, leaving a dollar tip. $0.50. $0.75. You know what, you know what, I think that ought to be done right there when it's spot. Okay. That of course is after they've tried to get like the salad bar. And by the way, it is open season on frogs is what I've just heard the governor say. It's frog hunting season in Florida. Not that we want to scare any of the French Canadians away, but. Plus you're a loonies and tunies in with a crap. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. Hey Neil, good morning. Yes. I used to bartend. And I had a couple of black customers who were very, very good tippers, very good customers, but for the most part, I had very, very demanding African American customers. All the fair and tips, anything. Yeah. Now disagree with what the guy did at the restaurant. It should be across the board. But I also have a matter of the bar business now, and I have another situation where I've worked with you order Chinese food regularly. We love Chinese food. And we go in the screw, but everyone pays their tap, not for the loon register for the tip. And we had to cut one woman out after kindergarten because she refused to pay the tax on her food and the tip. So yeah, I have a problem with how. How did you refuse to pay the tax? She wanted to pay. Just what was listed in the book in the mentioned. Right. And no tip. I didn't live in tipping. Oh my God. If the guy didn't like that, you know, not getting a tip, he should get a new job. But they're for loss. The delivery guy. So, but especially the bar, they were very demanding, making the most long island ice tea. It was less lea. I had one customer that would come in almost every week every Saturday night. And order four long island ice tea. That takes just a few moments when you're busy. I never got a tip for him. I complained to my manager, my manager told me I was a bit. I knew that I thought he'd get the guy good service. I mean, that's the part. I think the gunlovers out there got a good point. I say anybody works in a service business in this state. A lot of the arms at all times. So, I mean, that's, I, I, I, I didn't have a chance to really work with the French Canadians. But I've heard horror stories from hell from people that have. So, I only have the experience with the black people to bad that tip for me. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Probably a good buy. Twenty-be-four-nune at five, sixty-dw-q-n-blum runes in a while. You, I'm not gonna run out of here in a second or one. A young man was a bit go for a cup of fish, pooro. I'm a couple of times, I'm a couple of times. I'm a couple of times, I'm a couple of times. Well, when you're close to my, how are you? Every time you ask to you, the soul and the rest of you. And that's fine. But when you're so strong, you need to be high. As every person is, you need to be strong. I will grab you with you right after you've been shown with a little glass and just to be heard, to blush. Where there's a little girl on the face, can you? What's your pose for a girl to be flush with? Jammy, pose for 25 minutes. You, you, you, you, you, you're not for me. I want to see you can get up to start a battle with me. I hope you'll be hot just to have fun. Okay, 16 till noon at 5.60 WQAM. Everything came out, okay. Minister Charge was raping boy, just received this from the Tampa Tribune. Plant City. A teenage member of a church youth group says the pastor about a sexual relationship within two years ago. The pastor of the Crook United Methodist Church was arrested two day afternoon. Accused a raping, a 14 year old member of his congregation on church ground. How do you like them, apples? They're not fact in the church. The arrest of James, what do you think of this name? You thought that Spring Roll Salmon Roll was bad? The arrest of James Hugg 29 is the second and five days in which a Tampa area met that as minister has been charged with child sex offenses. Hillsborough County Sheriff's Major Gary Terry said Hugg who was in the second year of his first church assignment had a five month sexual relationship with the youth who was now 16. None of the incidents occurred within the past year to reset the youth broke off the sexual relationship and just recently cut off all contact with the minister who oversees the congregation's youth group. The detectives are investigating whether they're more victims and it goes on and on and on. Just in other words, those isolated incidents proving. The detectives are not fact in the church. The unochetto for doubt. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, Neil. I'm lying nine years of timeline. She got all worked up and whipped up about that. We may not need that line anyway. Huh? Even a novelty over today. I mean, for the first like 15 minutes, it was very exciting and very traumatic. And how that's it, not even a touch, not a lick. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Okay. The third time caller, 51 year old black man, within a bar business almost 20 years. Yes, sir. And people do have a problem with tipping sometimes. They don't understand if you get good service, they give a good tip. Well, how much should the black people generally tip? Like 5%. I don't know. My stock. I go minimum 20 because I was in the business. What I expect. I mean, used to be 15 was kind of standard, but I would say that now most of us have you got a few bucks and you can afford to eat and decent place. 20% is pretty much standard. Well, that's it. I figured like that. 20 if I get great service all of these in 25. I like the people I might even leave more. Wow. Well, like I said, I'm probably an isolated person. Only because, you know, I've got a college degree and I was in the business before. And I'm not from South Florida. Right. So that probably makes a lot of difference. Oh, yeah. It's already not a couple of strikes off your list. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. See you later. There you go. So the verdict so far is overwhelming that you black, you darkies out there. You people, you people, you're cheap. You don't tip good, huh? Now when you go to the fruit standard, I suppose to leave like the wet watermelon seed on the table or is that the way you do it or what? That's not, that's not counted as part of the tip. I hate to break the news here. That do not be counted as part of the tip of watermelon seed. No. That won't do it. 567. 0.560. No, seriously. I think he made a good point. Lack of education. I think if when they came in this place, if you just said, hey, you darkies, by the way, 50 or 20 percent please, that's the way real people tip. That'll be, or maybe just put it on the menu. You don't have to single any group. I just say for those of you not too educated, those of you not too, or with too many social races, don't be cheap and leave, you know, a decent tip. And if not get to hell out now before we start. Here's Western. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Great. You know, I'm going to answer your poll question about who's worse. The black people, the French Canadians, the old Jews. Usually, black people, it's no tip with the French Canadians. You get two times with the old Jews. You get two quarters. Oh, but the, that's the reason I think that they have a, for large groups of people, they have that standard 15 percent because black people didn't have more children than the other groups. So that's a good point too. What if a whole bunch of black people go into, I was going to say, Dennis, but that's not a good example. What if they go into a joint like that'll serve them like wags or something like that? And they got like 16 kids or something. And the tab comes like 140 bucks or something like that. You know what, yeah, I mean, the 20 percent that's a lot of cash. Well, the way my old man could use the handle is if you got some black people, he would always put some queens that took as they tip great. Yes, queens do tip for a while. In fact, that's going to be tomorrow's poll. Who the best tip, or obviously queens at the top of the list, right? We tip big. Okay. I like the big tips. It's possible. Could you play virgin Mary? I love that. Can do pal. That's a lot of stuff. And have a great day. And don't be picky. I'm a good friend of virgin Mary. But only forget about that book by the way. She I feel so much better now, but I got the first in the several parts series of dumps out of my life. And you know something Georgia, I think you lied to me about these halls of the sugar free. I don't think you lied to me. I just think that somewhere somewhere if you look real closer to fine print, there will be something on this list a little bit. Because that means coward it. I've been talking on these all morning and the sugar free halls too. And I have a feeling that that was only the first in the series. First in a long long series. Ken's Guide to the Bible, baby. Ken Smith on blast books, paperback. Everything you need to know about one of the most gross test, ugliest, violest books ever written in his story. And of course, it's not just a book. It's a series of books as he points out in here. It's a series of different books and even letters. And 66. Yeah, but don't be confused with the fact. Okay. Oh, the good book says. Yeah. Sure. Thank God there's no brainwashed people in this world. Makes me feel a lot more secure about life. Here's Lighthouse Point. Hello. Lighthouse Point. Yes, sir. I'm in the service business for a long time listening. All right. This is funny. You brought this up because me and my girl from both are in the industry while we're in the school. And old Jews, not so bad because what you lose on one, they split up. You know, I lose it anything. Like my aunt, yeah. First Canadians, 10% across the board. Black people, the worst because you don't know what you're getting. You can get nothing or 55 to 15% but they run your ass. And gay men and my instance, they're the best tip for us. Yeah. All right. I stand on my laurels. Okay. Thank you, sir. God bless you. Yes. Yeah. Gay men. There you go. We know how to. We know about tips, baby. Wow. For the expert on tips, I've seen some beautiful tips all over the world. Here's a mobile in Pembroke, Pine. Hello. Hello. We're running. Yes, sir. Did you regard the art of color? We've got the beast people in America. They are increasing. Yes, sir. I have it in my hand right now. We're going to bring that up. But then of course, we got tied up on each part. I mean, with this thing, you are losing battle with the balls. Yes, I have, sir. Yes. The line in the article says Americans are getting fatter and fatter is what it says. So the solution now is to come out with a tax on the high fat food. That's what they are proposing. Tax on a high fat food. Yeah. High fat food isn't what's making people fat. They already know that. Exactly. So they don't get the carbo. The guilt is part of you. Right. There you go. Your government, the American Dietetic Association, the American Dieted, BDS Association, these are the morons who are making sure that America stays fat. Exactly. You have to do a problem like 18 months ago and stuff with the Afghan side. Last time a lot of weight and keep it down. They seem don't get it. Okay. Keep it up, pal. Okay. Thank you, too. Oh, yeah. George, that was only the first. Oh, I'm going to be. Can't we just bring a port of potty in here now? It's these. These things. I'm telling you, man, there's no such thing. It's sugar for anything that doesn't have something in it that will make it a bit of your brains out. Seriously. I mean, it's okay if you've got like a sore throat or a raw like the flu that I'm getting over now from the last two weeks and you can say home if you're like close to the strong. You can suck on these all day and the halls too. But don't be going somewhere where you have to like be a little, you know, preoccupied because people in the hallway will be going. There he goes again. There he goes. Pat's still again. He's out of the way to the park. By the way, Tommy, you left your sunglasses and there you left your shades of their Tommy. I was nice enough though to put him on the counter there. I wouldn't want to force Tommy to go back in there after I left the stick you said and there to get his shades. This matter of fact, I think they turned a darker shade while I was in there. I could be mistaken. Here's Miami. Hello. Morning Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I eat out a lot in order every corner of South Florida. And you know, service down here and I think it would be with this is, yeah, generally speaking, you might have some places that are exceptional, but services is just very, very poor. It's laying feet. People don't know what to do with it. I don't know how to treat the public and I can go on and on. But as far as I understand, the idea of a tip is to reward good service. Now, we're just a written that you're obligated to give this person every word, even though you get treated like SH. That's a good point. And see, that's one of the reasons why in Europe or it's also in Canada. They generally include the 15 percent. I'm not that crazy about that. See, that's to protect the people who work there. But it's also a cover up like you see, if you say somebody gives you real crappy service, you don't feel like you have to give it to anything. Absolutely. And where do you use it? And why should you have to? Exactly. But you can also see it from the other standpoint that if you have a business that you have to get a lot of people who tend to be cheap tippers, you've got a problem with your health. They're not going to want to work for you. Well, I understand that. But where is this stimulation? The stimulation? Well, where is the motivation for the server to smile and help you and then be there when you need help? And so, in fact, you go to most restaurants. You see there are little eye contact from the waiters. It's not like they're looking to help you. They're looking to avoid you. And why should they? They're going to get that 15-20% regardless because of that type of mentality that you see out there. Yeah. Anyway, good show. Thanks. Thanks. I'll not tell you one thing like a restaurant like Ruth Chris, Spensive Restaurant, very good one. And you get great service there because they know they're going to get a real good tip. Because the build general comes to a very significant amount. And anybody that anybody can afford to eat in a place like that has got to leave minimum 15 and certainly 20% or more, always leave at least 20% to join like that. And they give you great service. But if you get crappy service, I agree it's got to be optional. But if you've got a whole series of people, if you have to be in a neighborhood where you would track like maybe a like a daynia, Hollywood, all the French Canadians keep coming in. One after another. After another, okay. You've got to do something. You've got to put your goddamn foot down. Hopefully on there. Right, go ahead. Here's your call on the grove. Hello. How are you doing today? First time car. All right. Concerning today's poll question, whether African American is a good tip or so not. We'll make sure that I've been in this business nine years going on. Eight and a half going on nine years. Yes, sir. And as a whole, not all of them, but as a whole, they are bad tipbers. And it gets worse after that. On the whole. If it's, if the service is not as fast, if the drink is not as good as they wanted to be. Yeah. It's not because the service is bad because they are black. That's another issue that comes across when you're talking about concerning African American. You'll, the old ship on the shoulders then. Exactly. It's not because it's because the bartenders is horrible. It's because their black and the product was made that for them. And so forth. And as far as good differs, get community tips while from experience. Bikers tip well. Bikers. Bikers. Believer not in the grove area. I'm speaking on the grove on the weekends. They tip, they tip well also. You wouldn't think so, but we get, we get good tips from it. So in other words, you say you'd rather have a whole bunch of old bikers than old cikers. What you're saying? Well, I'm not as far as that. But we're just trying to say, please get tipbers. You're not good tipbers. That's just my little piece. Okay. Thanks, amigo. Thank you. See you. Okay. There you go. So far, the Sparks are in the French Canadians are having two real problems here in the Fags. We're number one baby. And the tip two. Four minutes till noon at five, 60. You have clear the hallway by the way. This can't be the beginning of a whole series of these candidates. Ah, these halls meant to let's your fault, Mr. I read the thing. It didn't have anything to read this. I'll read the thing. The Neil Rogers show sports radio. The 560's. You. A. And. Oh. Oh. Don't you keep waiting. I have a good daughter. Hey. Don't you keep it. Don't you keep it. Don't you keep it. I'm so hard. It's been my sin. Because the crew said I'm in. Sounds like everyone is on the charts. And the old days. And we sing just like girls. And we wear silly times. I think. We said to both. I'll remain in patience. Or anything because I'm confused. And got no hear. Because I was there, guy name. Baby, if you're to me. The sounds of the night. It's the crew's self-interessing. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. In spite of my being the third. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. And the old days. The home would you unlock it? All right, good to do this for my cancer with a Panthers. Povell, for a real play tonight. Oh, a real play. A big scroll of Big Black guy named Peter Peter Warwell. I'm going to play too. They're all in there except right ahead of Canada. I'd be like that. Better be there tonight Islanders in the Panthers. 735 of the macarurea. Povell's play and baby. Thank God. I remember saying thank God too. We don't have to give all those refunds. So anyway, our good friend Scott Marcus who listens in Boston. He tried to download our tool free number and it didn't work. Didn't work. Sorry. Sorry Scott. You know something that call we had allegedly from Phoenix. That was somebody probably called from Greg's office. Probably a set up deal to calm me down a little bit. It's not going to work. Parliament overturned 1912 ban on brothels in the Netherlands. There goes those Dutch again. Nice going guys. Parliament on Tuesday overturned 1912 ban on brothels. Posts vote in the clean up the oldest profession by turning voters in the legitimate establishment in the bully dot sex industry. By a vote of 49 and 2016 the upper House approved the bill out officially makes it legal or run a brothel any where in the country sub to legal or zoning ordinances. The lower House passed the bill in February by a wide majority. The new law aims at guaranteeing clean cleaner and safer working conditions, for the country's estimated thirty thousand prostitutes. prostitutes and illegal and the Netherlands although more Delos technically had been illegal until now. They've been allowed to operate, including the fine areas such as the Red Light District to Amsterdam and most of the major cities, as long as they follow strict standards for health and fire safety. But now no longer illegal. Just like it should be here, right? Right. Absolutely correct, sir. As the Dutch continue moving light years, farther and farther ahead of us, as we continue worrying about our war on drugs. And operating our little scams out there with the Johns and the Hookers on Biscayne and Federal Highway. 560, 50560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile in Naples, hello. Me, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Well, I wish I'd have found your show for our spent $3,000 on a car stereo, but you know, that's right. Good point. The dark community over the side of the state, the little lacking. But as far as we go, I have a bar over here, and the Spanish community, since we are weak point. Really? Really. It's rare to see a black person then, how barred on here. Unless you had out towards four miles or something, but you have a Naples is pretty rare. And I would have to say, probably agree with the game in over here too. Number one. Number one. Number one. Well, in some aspects. Right. You guys have the Jeff Gordon and the Gait song. Yes, we do. You can chance he played today. Absolutely, sir. Thanks, Dale. And here's a good tipper too. What about Peter Warl? How's he tap? He's playing the night pal. He's doing it. He's going to bring the big tip. Hey, Sam player from my St. Louis Rams, too. Okay. See you. Five, six, seven, oh five. Well, listen, we said we didn't call him around the state. We didn't guarantee they'd be great. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Pound. Here's a call from Gainesville. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay, I guess we wanted to let you know that up here in Gainesville, phones working. All right. And all the people in Gainesville who are listening to you down from South Florida, we're all able to call now. It's wonderful. I've called you a couple times on my time. And now it's great that I'm calling on their time. Yeah, in fact, the encouraging to call, we went around up a big billy run these cheap bastards. All deaf, I'm blinding them up for another fraternity house is right now. Okay, sounds good to me. They got to put pants on so it's not easy. Okay, amigo. But I just wanted to let you know that I ordered some stuff from your website. Great. And I have to come yet, though, and not that it has been charged. I've checked and it has been taken out of my account or anything. And I ordered it like the first week that you were available to get online. Yeah, but don't forget, we were in limbo for a while because the first batch of CDs were all screwed up. So you'll get them. I hope so. Okay. And just one lady know if you ever want to come to Gainesville, we have a speaker's beer. If you ever want to come and speak to all the students and tell them how the world really is, we'd love to have you. Okay, only if I can run with JP. I'll see what I can do. Work on it. Okay. Okay, see you. He's working on it and probably JP is two. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line that brand new tool for you number for the entire universe as far as Gainesville. Maybe. And the same Pete eight seven seven seven seven eight five Neil any I. Eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. Here's a lady in the Bay Harbor Island. Hello. Yes, man. Oh hi, no Roger. Yes, I am. Hi. Listen, I'd like to tell you that being a woman of color. I'm back to differ because in my personal experience alone or in a group of people. There are great. It burns in the professional and business world. Yeah. Especially I don't know if someone down somewhere that can't really afford. I think we'd even just die not regularly during the week. I'd also like to say that in fact, to generalize an entire race as poor tippers and completely unfair. Yeah. But there's always wanted to that you know, spoil it. Well, for instance, Asians, okay, they're generous. They're not generous. They're nice. And quite frankly, a few years ago in Japan, many corporations that had traveled. They were very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very different. Well, that certainly makes it look even worse for this guy from a tytony's doesn't. Since he happens to be Japanese, Q-Sakamoto, whatever his name was. I bet my life that what he might be, but I'm sure the owner is not Japanese because normally Japanese people have Japanese restaurants and they don't serve Thai food. You will find nine cases of that. I'd be honest, Japanese. That Thai people open up their restaurants and add a sushi bar. Yeah, well, we don't want to generalize them. Of course not, but I get no people. Right. And, um, enclosing all I wanted to say to you is that my boyfriend, I drove, um, all the way out to people off last night and we purchased a CD and 3 key chains. Right. And I'd like to say that I sound really most hospitable. Yes, I am. So, Kofoto and you also find a picture for me. Your boyfriend is the photographer of the Appanthagames, right? Does he have a very good memory? Yes, I do. And also, the thing that most impressed me is that when I left, um, we shook hands and you have really, really soft hands. I have a soft grip. So, that's all I want to say. Okay, so you don't have any pressure. And tell me, keep your Marafar sets. Okay. Thanks. I have a soft delicate tub. You know Bob Neal. And by the way, speaking of that, I didn't see Jacob there last night. You won't see him anymore, I guess. Well, I'll ask you at him or he'll talk on somebody else. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, wireless ones. Thank you, brother, my mother. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. We'll be back soon. Back soon. Back soon. We'll be back soon. Back soon. with the big B on your chest and the group in my bed the petting goes to the world of the day and the baby goes to the world of the day and the baby goes to the world of the day and the baby goes to the world of the day and the baby goes to the world of the day and the baby goes to the world of the day and the baby goes to the world of the day oh so who's our worst tipers today? Spokes are the gooks that's our poll question now I would have never been to Asia but I would assume that they're just like in Europe probably the 15% is added on automatically maybe a mark maybe a mark maybe a mark maybe one of our world travelers will call us and tell us but I doubt it so remember I took a box of pork Ryan's last night after we left the pizza shop after his free meal and their free meal button and he all had to cook but what do you mean with your blessing? we have a Ford giant box of those things are you gonna be blessing Mr? I'm just trying to tell you are you new now? I was gonna slap all those things around for a hundred years no I would have taken some home I had nicer Corvette there's a wallet box yeah I would have been glad to take them home they're very good what's the kid's name by the way that we're at the braves or he must be suicidal today but nice blow job again last night's we'd are you know the kid that brought the pork Ryan's he brings us a stuff no one in Gary Gary thank you Gary you're a good guy but I'm sorry your team still chokes and gangs you can hear the choking and gagging and puking sounds of braves all over America now oh my god they're gagging on it so when we're took some of the pork Ryan's I'm right now these things down you know yeah so we have our buttons now the needle buttons but they're okay they got eight different sounds here from the show and if you want you just told you keep your thumb on it and it repeats if ever had that you keep your thumb on it and it keeps working yeah just keep your thumb on it if you want to repeat it over and over again and the sound and Greg kept paging that over the intercom yesterday we're the hell did he get one do we get his twenty bucks he got one from his nephew five six seven oh five sixty so that we get any information about the money from a golf term he had by the way after I went through a whole song of the answer run a year no we wanted a counting god damn it we want to know where the money is from that freaking golf term because the people are said a one want the god damn money as in right now well I give it what we want it we want a number I will I give it you you know who would know Roy five six seven oh five why but they had a great meal of the answer like the guy said before I wonder how much of a tip they left that night oh Jay huh you leave a big one here's sunrise hello how you doing Neil pretty good sir alright let me tell you this I've been in our wind kiss like four years now for an a see for us right for you guys do some a lot of advertising for right and uh black people like far are the worst tipbers how do you like the as far as our bad tipbers here's the proof of the right here I mean there's actually good one I don't want to be the dentist right here's the good thing about the coutouities half of the camera read the ticket like when I drop it off on a party with or more right first or they step a check to begin with because they don't want to pay for each other and then I'll call me over and say what the coutouity mean like that so say that means you want to tell me what do you gratuitity mean and what the coutouity mean I say that means you're a tip me now so I'm actually a lot of times I can't read the ticket on double tip and make you don't know what that it so I'm a hundred all check I end up making seventeen and set a fifteen all right and one quick story from the weekend my body is way on to and about the long islands makes them two two top shelf long island ice tea because we're the bartender could saying how they're complaining they don't teach any liquor if the only thing for the bartender takes a walk over the table used to say there's one tip taken from the long island we just support that you know you got to drink it the feel anything yeah I want to kick them in the back of action say if you're anything now oh yeah you know they don't even like you know 35 cents off throw out I'm saying you know that's my car out for that'll pick the bus okay well yeah but I say and good luck to you let me say what I'll take I'll tell you what I'll take the car for lunch or something any day okay let it to five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrless line yeah bags and dikes yeah we went into jackpot today we know how to tip and you want to know why because we got the bucks that's right that's why straight America so jealous of us bags because we don't have all these you know spouses and children and all these expenses you know maybe a couple dogs that are expensive but nevertheless five six seven oh five sixty here's four mire's on the new bat line hello yeah yes sir how you doing today great curve on your no tipbers I've used to bark and over the of Anakin's over here and four mire's remaining year right far I'm hawk a box to bat a term they'll come in a lot of the best take on the manual as soon as they were well done with a side catchup you know there's no tip coming well done with a side of ketchup I mean what five father you know ordering a dumb article in New York strip yeah well done you can't get your boy I bring them in yesterday shoes is what I bring that's what they need actually you know a two on on a surprising note is a attorney's lawyers really they whip out that whatever gold platinum diamond lace card on fifty eighty dollar tada vinyl all their friend drinks and you get two bucks off it's your lucky how to rather have the locals paid for their own business be done attorneys that don't have a rivet expensive count I don't know they're just cheap I just think that you know we're supposed to worship the fact that they're there and their uh eventy suits oh yeah I'm impressed okay thanks a lot pal thank you again there okay they're pretty excited about this new one of toll free 800 number aren't they they excited oh well we are we had some action on there we had at least for our four mire's people and they pull and port charlat hash hash port charlat right so when I always say when you get a little out of line so come and to find out we've had except for our my very good friend there she was a very nice lady and her boyfriend is a very nice young man who does uh he does the handheld he holds it by hand in the camera too at the panther games very nice couple over by the pizza law flyers night but she seems to be the odd lady out today and you know you don't please don't take it personally don't take it as an offence just because we have a lot of people calm today saying sparsons are cheap and because it's on the front page of the paper there and because this tytony got a little bit curie to weigh is if he's somebody to talk and his sister will all their uh piggy suit roll or whatever name was as the role of salmon uh whatever that was she Jamaican that nice lady didn't share with bit of a I don't think she was Jamaican was she Jamaican yeah no she was very nice she couldn't have been Jamaican no seriously so how much of a tip do you leave when you get the like dirt pork five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty no seriously have you ever been in Jamaican restaurant you're always gonna meet crap for not going to the Cuban restaurant which I won't go to have you ever had a Jamaican food but at Jamaican houses not restaurant at Jamaican houses at a Jamaican house no I'm not talking about weed I'm talking about food yes yeah the meat pies and you buy the middle of a Jamaican house how does that work I'm going to imagine a Jamaican friend of what I've been to us house for dinner many times what is that have to do with all of the world you know what I haven't been working to make it right by the way about the tipping habits of our Jamaican friends maybe they leave a little number on the table how much Jamaican food has been maybe problem tipping in high school we would have to wrestle him down and take the money physically how do you like that just take it out of his pocket in the money too huh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line what are we going to do about our Jamaican friends who better teach them the fine art of your own at least even a little bit of a weed under the table or something at least a pin joint under the dish of course when you watch it go hockey game on your dish here's a curl spring hello yes sir you know the whole problem is with these these darky one to school and you know South Florida and when you say who was your darkest yeah okay and when you say 15 percent they thought they said 15 percent 15 percent no no 15 percent 15 percent there you go no ask on the end and you really got to spell it out what 15 percent right what is 15 percent of say it's $20 a tap hmm sounds like three bucks to me I like three bucks exactly I think that's 20 percent actually but anyway I wanted to talk about this let's just guys think goop on gutman yeah I'll burkle gutman he's the hero of the old human exiles yeah he's in the go to jail is that what he did he steal four million dollars well he said he knew that they were stealing he would kind of stood by look the other way you know that's what he's doing I'm not going to 98 thousand dollars right and he's gonna probably do about three months in jail is that all well if you got two years in but you know he'll get off it off probably suspended a sentence you know yeah so I mean probably done corny only guys guns dollars will intercede there and he'll probably get suspended a sentence who says current doesn't they say current doesn't pay but I'm starting to think that it does right you know that's all I got I bet you the old human exiles are filming at them off today first we got the meteorop Paris with his guns in the airport now we got port Alberto and in of course don't forget Alberto what's his name he's their coolness heels and then just remember to run into it well I also have got dollars or name his shorts is all the same crap so you can't read it out of the vote down in Miami and what's as swarrers he's gonna be in it again I don't think they're gonna let him out I think they got him in a rubber room I think they're gonna go he's coming out well I mean I don't understand how can you be convicted of something and then be able to run for public office and I'll understand because you know if I was to get a highly a delta yeah if I was convicted of getting any type of crime they fired me from McDonald's never mind that's their favorite hobby and highly an eating roll have a great day and they go next to the cockfight 26 past noon at 5.50 WQAM 5.60 50 5.50 50 on the AT&T line we got a hangover in the studio baby down those crappy roads so that was all what aligns you hear that you weren't in here when it lines started popping and tuking and crapping yesterday no I was puking and crapping that was a beautiful thing on the phone line too Jim Manage toss or a rat right here on sports radio 5.60 QAL a double recent court rulings concerning the sexual orientation of scout masters has made it nearly impossible for the average parents to know what kind of scouting experience their son can expect but one organization has a reason to make things perfectly clear look J scouts okay troops time to set up cow I've been pitching a tent for hours look J scouts will teach your son the art of self preservation in the wild oh I mean it's natural life we're gonna get the fire going that's okay we can make our own body well your son joins the G scouts he'll hear late night ghost stories and when the severed body was found he was wearing a ton of caran on some with clashing the palpit have been out of season since labor knits oh that was just a gary thing I ever so if you want your son to bond with other like-minded young men have him joined the gays today where our motto is okay property one at five sixty w q and so guess what the favorite new thing is that they like me to sign on those stupid picture cards the new line were you fudge back and all right that was number one by mid in miles last night which I think most of these guys can relate to be to be honest with you certainly on the giving and is on the giving and oh well some in so anyway speaking of that speaking of the talk that thunder from down under I'm trying to save as much as I can because it is Wednesday and but a mommy's for lunch today and I want to save as much as I can for her well you know I'm such a big eater I go there and eat those gigantic meals every Wednesday and then she gives me some of the take home and then she sure I'm eating that too the same day so maybe I can go there and leave her a little to pause it okay especially the kind that like splatters the bottom of the seat those are my favorites so you don't worry about because I got a maid that comes every Tuesday she's paid to do stuff like that but my mom she might have to clean the bottom of the toilet seat here's a call in Naples hello yeah yes sir buddy um I haven't heard anybody talk about how a Mexican step and things like that well we don't have too many Mexicans over here well Mexican Puerto Rican's Cuban the people are part of the on-star with a Puerto Rican to get George L. with the Puerto Rican George don't ask papropena Cubans are overtippers and they'd like to make a big splashy show of it yeah yeah a lot of all you do just in my experience over here I work for restaurant I actually deliver pizzas but I know that the waitresses are always packing on 15% to Mexicans that's sit down in the restaurant just because they know that it's not gonna happen otherwise yeah and then when I deliver um you know I can't say anything but even if they do if they do speak English I don't get anything either way but it's that walk you know that's not coming but yeah you can feel it you know buddy what's your website so I can not score one of those in a lot speaker deals you're Rogers dot com all right shameless request yes sir keep in tune the key all all right you got it all right and have a great day yeah well I'm talking to line nine as spoken out baby and of course it's only in state apart in the state some of the state gains feel that's good you know what am I complaining about I mean that guy who called from Phoenix allegedly maybe he was either lucky in slip through or maybe like I said he was in Greg's office and putting out an act in the line about it because Cincinnati can they get through no Boston no not your own no to Ronald no 560 5050 5050 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line so the only people that we've heard are really good tipers are flags that's what we've heard today all of us almost sexuals fags and bullbikes big tipers baby we know how to treat people and of course because of the fact that there's so many facts that work in restaurants is waiters right you know we got to take care of our own I'm not saying that I would ever tip a waiter extra money just because he after look real swishy but oh do you hear that can you hear the grumbling talking about that chocolate thunder down under wow just you know this is a good sign no it's a very good sign when you've had the court like this for you know about 10 days whatever it's and then a little sunny stuff oh man get it out of your system I'm serious that's a great sign I love it here's Pompano Beach hello Pompano Beach hello yes yes sir I was interesting your program I was going to say keep the seat down mom but I guess you already have it done yes sir and I just got back to Australia and when I was over there I picked up an article from the newspaper to do with a fellow court caring packer Jerry Packer and his brother Fudge him he's right good of Murdoch he's a newspaper giant uh he's selling his property in England and uh he in the baguess property he's got a color field well the article says that uh where I'll be missed a pack of once cookie never remember that he's Polar squad for a meal in the nearby pub it was eight thirty p.m. in the landlord said they had stopped serving Mr. Packer said nothing in the left old 12 were accommodated at the next pub on leaving says a friend Mr. Packer left a $16000 chip and said just make sure you make down the road here's about all right you're like that now you're talking yeah just stick it right in his nose yeah I was I was I was at a restaurant in in Hollywood about three years ago and I had about terrible waiting you never having a life yeah I left my 25th century chip when I was waiting for my car from the valley he came rushing out pointing out but I made a mistake on my build yeah and I told him well no no that's 25 cents that's what you're on you're a two-bit waiter right you didn't like that too bad I took too pennies usually works like a term yeah okay tata okay there you go good old flag well you fudge packer he left a 16 grand total right five six seven five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line the weekly journal of American medical association which devoted it's entire issue to the problem of obesity bad American said said the highest weight increases a bit among people 18 to 29 people with higher education and his spanics his spanics but it study also found that a city increase was observed in all states in both sexes across all age groups races education levels and occurred regardless of smoky status so even if you're smoking something you're still eating like crazy even though doctors stress the only sure fire method drop weight is the less an exercise more even the journal of the American medical association could resist ending that there may be help an promising drug to fight obesity see that's it's always the thing with them always the thing with the AMA with these doctors what we got a drug you know it's gonna you know I do all kinds of horrible things like fenn fenn and all of the speed all of a sudden crap but all we got a drug in a preliminary general report once small study indicates that or the hormone left in helps people achieve weight loss though some people lost no way to the study so it's kind of like uh what do they say the data was first released more than year ago by amgen the company that sponsored the study because naturally amgen months are stuck to go soaring to the roof but I'll tell you which whichever you find out for me which company is the one which one of these pharmaceutical companies is the one that's going to discover the real sure fire weight loss pill and we'll all get that night on a ground floor okay and then we won't have to waste our time with this crap anymore here's a mobile in Miami hello hi now yes sir uh African-Americans absolutely the worst the proof is right in this article this guy was insulted obviously by the owner the restaurant but still figured out a way in the end to stiff the waiter telling him that uh you know it'll be quite a point yet the blame the poor waiter is though he had something to do with a crappy attitude of the owner that's a very good point and the 911 calls probably just the oj syndrome also yeah I heard today he's saying he didn't make the call also some of the the second on the list are these wealthy South American the travel to the United States you know I used to drive a cab that give you eight bags they're like loaded with gold bricks you go to the airport I had a thirty one dollar fair the lady gives me pills out of crisp under dollar bill off of the stack I give her sixty nine dollars all in change so even if she just wants to give me a dollar she can do that right she puts it back in her pocket and asks me how much you should tip the bag of Chandler so I told her fifty cents and she dug around in a wallet and gave it to him I don't know if she even make it to the plane but the Cubans are big tipbers but South Americans are the worst and Europeans they have an excuse it's not in their culture but African-Americans you would think I mean you know thirty forty years ago they all held the service jobs and put some of their kids in college tips you think they would know better and and they stood the African-Americans to it's not a rich I think it's a darkness in their soul okay have a great day by luck now I think it is it's a it's a dark spot in their soul by the way look at all this good stuff on the breeders come somebody facts to his wasting pages and pages and pages are important facts paper over here what are you doing that for jackass five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven seven eight five Neil Tau free for a few replaces twenty one till one at five sixty QA it's got a dental floor eight We just did in that time. Why didn't have the barge? The friend she said, J-B-R! But there's... Won't be gentle. When they find out he makes it triple. All I could raise is weight. I found the bonus, J-B-R! The door is getting in. We're backers. The door is getting in. We're backers. Yeah. We're backers. We're backers. We're backers. We're backers. Even though the race track, we're just left against the smoother. Because the biggest fan club... ...painting sucks just like all Hooper. This fan's no number. Guys, I think they're... ...in the heavy-lice stuff. They're going to have this old-fashioned... ...this is... ...this is going to be where I'm going. Fans will fall into the middle. But they find out he's making it triple. One to say... ...way. ...I can't afford it. Yay! ...Journey! ...Journey! ...where! ...you're going! ...you're going! ...you're going! ...you're going! ...you're going! ...you're going! ...you're going! What's going to take the five feet? I'm going to let you know about that quick... ...coach and I did the other column in the hardest morning. Oh my god. Chaos keeps things sporting. I said before, scumbags... ...wravetate to scumbags. So what he's doing is making excuses for... ...myk Tyson and for... ...Brain Cox and Dennis Rodman and Don King. Everybody that most normal people find... ...referentible and they're behaving... ...discussing in road-pests. Great co-tacers. Oh, this is what keeps you deciding. I'll take a finger waving magdita... ...or Jimmy Johnson over a thousand marble-faced... ...time-land-reason hats. I'll take the outcast... ...OJ Simpson and Spooky oddly brave ability... ...to carry on as if nothing had happened. I guess what Greg you can have, okay? Asso you can have all the murderers, all the rapers, all the scumbags, all the trouble makers... ...because I grew up in an era when we didn't even know about stuff like that... ...and we had a great time with sports. We didn't need that. He didn't call OJ Spooky, did he? He said he was Spooky, yeah. And he's allows you to tip or have it only two as a result of it. 560-50560, on the... ...and he was just bringing the Australian home from the Delhi, OJ. And he said, hey, OJ, can I get a slice? Here's Boca, hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. The idea with black people being bad tipers... What is that, OJ? We're trying to figure out how to handle it. I'm not so sure. Obviously, just obviously not all black people. And I think you, as being a waiter at night, by the way, ...anyplace I can get a $15,000 if I do a lot for that. But besides that, it's just the classic people. You can see when someone comes in, whether they're white black or whatever, ...basically, by the way, they're acting when they're sitting down for a meal at a restaurant. Whether you're going to get a tip out of them or not. If they're like, jitter bugging around the table, that's not usually a good sign of a good tip. No, I wouldn't answer the question. They're ready to buy it. They ordered a meal, that's pretty bad tip. But also, the thing I think I hate the most is that if I'm going to take an order from somebody, I hate... ...if I have to learn to understand he Bonnex Fine. But it's going to look down at the table and he'll give me the curse you're looking in the eyes so I can try and read the lips. It's really tough. It makes it very difficult to understand what someone's saying when... ...mum-ling involves. ...mum-ling. There are those different types of people. I mean, they don't understand if they look at you like you're crazy. Right. So that's a bothersome thing for me. Well, I think the saying is, don't give me no lip, you know? Yeah. All right. We're having a good luck at your path. Thank you. See, now all these stereotypes, man. Maybe they're just embarrassed that they got those lipsticks and help. But then I see, obviously, stereotypes are plenty of black people. I don't have dick lips and don't talk, uh, boom, bonnicks. And the levering ice tips. Aren't they? No. Yes, there are. God dammit. Or now that this all come from seek. This is the kind of ugly stuff that gets started when some goofballs jaff over there on a beach. At Tytony on Washington Avenue. Uh, starts adding a gratuity. He's out of the, when black people come in saying, you people, you people, you people are cheap. Why did they just put a sign up on it when they're saying, black's no bother coming in. Not because we want to wear a screw, because that's illegal, but just because you're cheap in our way, our way to our way to step them on a way down you. At least that would be honest. Huh? So this to me sounds like a rip off. It's like he's loaring them in, giving them the false impression that they'd be delighted to serve them. And then on the other hand, the stick in that 15 segretuity under what they want to pay it or not. I think that even black folks should have a right to choose if they want to pay for the percent or not, huh? At churches and low jangles. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T. You notice Kentucky fry now, that's chicken for white people. That's like the most chicken. Yeah, it's cracker chicken. It's like the Motown of chicken. Yeah, Motown was black music for white people. Kentucky fry, that's the chicken for white people. You want to really be a soul brother. You go to churches or low jangles. Yeah. I'd be telling you the way it is, man. The curdle was a hockey. He probably owned slaves. See, you can say that now, he's dead. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T while it's lying in our brand new exciting number, which is, you know, it's okay today. 877-785 Neil, any IEL. 785-6345, pull free for someplace. We're experimenting today. See, everything with Greg Reed. You always should know. I had a time. It's going to be Arizona. It's going to be maple leaf. It's not going to be like something you really expect in real professional radio station. It's going to be half ass because that's the only thing he knows. And you're probably coming here one day and say, oh gee, how you like that new line. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Good. Listen, I don't typically call when your caller starts stereo typing in fashion, but this, in this instance, I had. I think they're out of control today with this spook bashing. You might recognize that. Well, you know what, if it's, uh. Let's start bashing some white folks. Well, you know, I was in the service industry. They were in zone for about 10 years. And I find that what happens as a waiter is that when you start to get that tip, or you start to stereotype the whole group. Right. And what happens? Like French Canadians, of course, in that case, it happens to be true, but that's very, terrible. They're terrible. But what happens is they're pigs. You're sort of something. What's the lose their souls? Your service starts to decline when you get that certain group of people at your table. You come over and you don't give the same service that you would to anyone. Because you know, you know, ahead of time, they're going to stick anyway. So I go out of your way for them. Absolutely, but they may be surprised, then they may be people who know that, you know, you're supposed to tip based on service. You know, the other thing is that a lot of people do not have the education to know that a waiter will back when I was waiting the salary was $2.13 an hour. And then you made your tips and that you lived on your tips. You know, so that's what makes it real bad. Right. You know, the other thing, I know that you haven't been talking a lot about the world series, but I thought, oh, nice that the Yankee stiff Jim Gray last night. Did they? Oh, yeah. I didn't think I'd watch maybe like two minutes of it because I was watching a couple of pretty good hockey games. And I just can't stand it because you just know ahead of time the results, the braves are folding up like an accordion. Well, the kid that hit the home run, right, with the interviewer, after we're in, of course, you know, Jim Gray made this little steel heel, polished, he apologized to the fan. Yeah, right that. But he's really not a foul in the night. By the way, for it didn't apologize to Pete wrote that. It's correct. But what happens is the kid hit the home run after the game was over with they came out to interview him. He asked him a question about the home run. He says, well, because of what happened to Pete, we're not going to do any interviews on the field. Great. So then afterwards, the coverage on MSNBC Jim Gray mysteriously disappears and they have Craig Saker doing the interview. Right. The Yankees come out of the dugout and they're interviewing with Craig Saker on the field. Excellent. So I think there's a great guy Craig Saker. I work with Craig at WSPD and we're going to go this one last year as a go. Yeah, there's going to be a little boycott. Good. Nice job. All right. Thanks for the good news. What is that, by the way, that you're reporting over to the Ken Maldon just on their hot facts and they came to the other line. I'll give you a tater in the break. Oh, there's facts. Oh, they always do that. We don't do that in here. Not because of it. Well, because I'm a prick. No, no. It's not that I don't want to give them the stuff. It said, I'm angry at the people that are using our number. You know what I'm saying? I think I just sent 75 pages on the breer's cup, which I'm sure Hank and Ed's already got that information. And if not the facts into the right number. No, there are much nicer than I am because they do bring us the facts. When they come in by the stand, I don't be full. I've very upset about that one time. And you know what? Too bad. I'll see when you keep people on edge like that when he's paranoid and delusional. That's when he's at his bed. That's when the corn grows 10 feet tall. But if you start bringing in the facts, then he starts getting you in all those little fat and sassy. Well, he's got half of that. Look, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He really does. He looks fat. He's going to see him today. Oh, my God. He looks like your stereotypical burnout. A few too many. Pops in his life. Too many lost tickets there. I'm telling you, you're going to see Mark down there with less to green shirt. The finish line at Calder. Day after day kicking around tickets on the ground. Looking down trying to find a winner. First of all, here's a water hill. Hello. Yes, sir. We had another death yesterday. Boy, Daxton. I saw that. How come there's no big deal about that? Well, it's kind of like his music or not. I mean, I didn't know he wrote the pressure of my step-in-move. Yeah. And how about a painstower? Does that depend if you like golf or not? Well, like golf or not, would he have cared about that or not? I guess so. Yeah. But how about who he actually is? He's on the obituary page. He's got about two little couple lines here. Yeah, that's it. What's up in the back? He had a massive heart attack. Currently, he also used marijuana here. That's the acceptance here. $1,000. Yeah, mom. Oh, God. He used it for his pain in his first recreational ride. Obviously, sure. Well, all musicians use it for pain. We know that. That's true. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. There's a guy's got a good point. Like I said earlier, I get no comment except for the one. The one people have come by these appearances. Many of them be said to a couple of mists. But many of them really are nice people. And they've got something to say. And this guy was very, very pleased. The fact that I pointed out and rightfully so that, you know, just because somebody is a famous golfer or a famous actress or whatever it might be, doesn't make their demise any more meaningful. And if a Mary Smith of the street dies, while she's trying to save her two kids, who can't let her to do that in her canine here, which happened a couple of weeks ago. And yet you media people, that's all, you know, celebrity, the celebrity that famous, the famous that I con this, the even that. It's a bunch of bull crap. You're obsessed with it. I mean, pretty soon, they're just going to put Mike Walker in charge of all three networks and Fox two, I guess. And we just have the inquire around 24 hours a day. And every goddamn network, how does that sound? Yeah, good 90's here easy. And between Jerry Springer and that bitch Oprah. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T line, tall free for out of town 877 at 785 kneel, 756345. Don't put your key play here, I have a four-star hotel. Oh, right. He's been through the key hole watching mom and dad. He's been through the key hole. I'm not following up on his head. Your mom and dad were playing class right there on the bed. Mommy was so boldy. I was a teleport daddy 10. Mommy 10 went poppin. She almost got wet last. I don't know what she was drinking, but you got a milk mustache. He's been through the key hole. I'm sure what I see. What I'm sure does I do more than anything on TV. Mommy and dad were full together like my drinking lawn. What a nice little puppy like that. Mom wants the electric horse. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. And then had a pool pool cost she's just been working for. He's been through the key hole. Watching mom and dad beaching her to be home. The most fun we ever had. Mommy watched those little longer. And my started to get sick. If daddy's name is Albert. Why mom asked for a kick. Daddy's grown and his eyes broke back. Mommy wanted more. She's like back on top of him, but all he did was normal. Oh, this is really the key hole. Hi, buddy. I can't wait to try this. I'm so girly. My class. Well, I can't wait to try this. I'm so girly. My class. inspector and yeah what's his problema. And this is the kind of why I wasn't thinking for her. Is this really clBLANK beencem? Second I think. The second classic. and since husband satisfies him. The guy's great is not working or construct them same. And then why is his camera working? not to get oh he and the guys got together to start and not to give him a grain of you after the game. I just got a chat and all Yankees and dedicated the home run to his grandma and told him to you okay. I just got a chat. See these people these so-called sports writers run in these apologies for Jim Gray and saying he did the right thing. Absolutely positively not. I don't care how many games the Pete Rose bet on. I don't care how much of a scumbag he was and heck made a good point yesterday. Paul Horning bet on football games. He's in the guy damn and I fell Hall of Fame. Oh Jason said murder to people everybody knows that he was found the liable in a civil case of the death of two people. He's in the Hall of Fame in Cantano, Ohio. That's Cantano like one time. But the fact is that you know there's a time in a place for everything and the same question to be asked a million times and Jim Gray is nothing but a guy damn self-aggrandizing asshole looking to get himself a big you know a bunch of publicity and all he did was make himself a bigger asshole. He's got the personality of a goddamn frog turd. Five six seven. In fact the buttwiser frogs don't I any connection to them. You dropped that note not me. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Eight seven seven seven eight five megalon or a new line nine which is going over like a good. That's great. Here's Holly with Hello. How do you deal? Yes sir. I am I've been listening to you for about seven years. I just want to stay hanging out in a great show and I and the reason I like is because you're tail the truth. That's I don't agree with everything but this issue with this this tipping thing is about to get on my nerves. Yeah you know everybody wants to loop through it you know and you have to watch the count of person that stereotype so whole group of people because of what one person does. That's right just like they were just like that dark woman I was just there attacking the tie people. Right and my point is this everybody wants to look good. If I go into a restaurant my pockets are loaded in their fat. I'm going to keep good. Right. If I go into a restaurant my pockets are not loaded in fat. I'm not going to keep good. Right. And it you know if your pockets are loaded in fact you shouldn't be going into like a four or five star restaurant ordering expensive meal and then stiffen the weight of it's not his fault. Well then I guess that's the point you know it doesn't matter what color you are. Right. You know what depends on what's in your pocket. That's right what's in your pocket. Right. So are you saying that what they've rather not have the money than what cost me to go and have a steak and salad if I can't tip the turd is working. Yeah that's a good point. In fact tip the turd that might be that's not a bad like that. Tip the turd that maybe that'd be our slogan for a November. I mean think about it you act as a restaurant would you rather just not have my money for what the food cost. Then the tip the the what do you I mean come on it's not like you have doctors and lawyers in their weight non-tables. You don't pay a tour again tip the turd I like that. Tip the turd. Right excellent nice job pal. Thank you. Okay tip the turd tip the turd. Come on that should be on our damn thing here. Come on let's hear it. Tip the turd. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and why don't you line yeah that's a good point though he makes. I mean the owner of the restaurant if he gets the money for the meal sure it doesn't look good for his help they help make grub a little bit. What is you care more about getting your money or satisfying his a turd help. Yeah that's right that's a very good point. Especially in a tyris route which you even like in the first place which I have no idea why because tyris are answer are pretty good too much peanut butter and a lot of the stuff a lot of the dishes peanut butter. There's a lot of peanut butter in their dishes. I never had peanut butter or my summy on guy. I mean there's some dishes that are good but you know what I'm talking about peanut butter where there's something I'm going. 560 pound 560 I hear was GIF is what I hear. Here's a mobile and for a waterdale hello. Hey now. Yes sir. And that was fine tip the turd. I love that didn't that have a great sound to it had a perfect ring to it you know. So natural this roll that off the top. Yeah exactly. I have an example about the tipping. I see the place called dirty heres of 17th Street. And you do at the time have a special 10 cent chicken length. We can talk them twice. Yeah. So we would name all the way with golden and we would you know get some drinks, have appetizer and get chicken lengths. And I would tip good because I know there are only 10 cents. Right. There weren't really many African Americans there but later on I guess the wind of it. And then there's nothing there but African American. Yeah but you said chicken wings so see. Yeah. Any place where there's either watermelon or chicken of any kind you're going to start once the wood starts spreading. It might be right. A complexion of the joint starts darkening significantly. Well what happened is they would bring their 12 kids and they would order chicken lengths and water. And it was nice. And then it wouldn't then it wouldn't tip. Yeah. So what happened maybe they'd leave like nine cents per person you know tip was like 90 percent that's not bad. I thought the kids. Uh huh. Yeah. So what it is is they had to add a gratuity on every bill. See that's racism again we left 90 percent tip and they're still picking on those darkies again and they're bunch of racists. They made you buy a drink. Yeah. Made you buy appetizer and they added a gratuity on the bill so it made you jump for all the soup. It's been 10 cents in length. So now it's lightened up in here a little bit. A little bit. Yeah. But it's just it's just a shame. That's all got to be. Okay don't forget about tip the turd. Yeah. Okay. That's a great name for horse 2. I like that tip that here comes tip the turd on the outside all but MK 80K's got the 11. 560 560 pound 560 on the and he's dookin in the stretch. See the braves remind me of a race horse that dies you know wanting an old thing that I always said about whether it's harness racing or third word racing horses that quit in the stretch. Even when they go down in class they continue quitting and not always but most times they just they're quitting pigs dogs and it's the same with the braves it's the same thing. Token puking gagging you can smell it you can feel it. Here's four miles. Hello. You and a lot of us to make on quick and good you know. I feel you're pardoned. We can't good us to make on. Listen to you. Definitely. We're at Swarcos we can't bad you know it's a terrible thing. Are you with Jamaican and four miles? Yeah. Really. Yeah. Well you must be spreading a good word and a good stuff over there. I'm a good stuff. I can spend more money a week because you had a wedding house and nobody knows. No. Listen, you know absolutely right. If it's a something negative it's always racing. Like yeah. Yeah well if white people can't jump maybe black people can't tip maybe that's it. Yeah but you say like ages are highly intelligent people you never hear let's say races. You know we'll be saying like black folks. We're black or if you say black people are great athletes. Yeah all that's a racist comment. That's right if the full fits are where it that's what they say in the Chinese restaurant. Right that's right. Okay. I'll read it or two. Yeah I'm on. I'm in a shaft of what okay tip the tour baby. I all over time are going to be saying that now tip the turret tip the turret just something about the he's right this other guy it roll off his tongue. I just got a roll right off the tip of his tongue. The sports leader sports radio 560. Q a F absolutely. This is rainbow forward side. Oh you. This John rainbow still alive. I want to make movies for him 5. I like to go in great plan Hollywood's boat. I wanted to leave I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew. Rand mode 2 was an 85 late. And rainbow 3 was in 88. And two is in here. That's what it is. My gun. If not make this movie with my son. If they would say choose it Rocky Simon daylight and tunnel movie. A little bit of catches what I mean. I got to get a load on the pile of creep. I got to have a load of new me or Broadway show like Jenna means. I guess nobody ever stopped hot for him. I was stupid. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is kind of the play. Then let's do the journey. I make for my grandma for him 5. So I get out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. They like comedy. Action. Adventure. And drama. The deal I think I will go in sex with a lot. So give me a break for goodness sake. I used to be an opera. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man chillin boy kept it basically out of unemployed chips. They have a big crash. He's what I mean. I got to get a load from the pile of creep. I got to have a load of new me or Broadway show like Jenna means. I get so much of a stock upland. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is gentlemen. That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make them more boring. Oh, that was so easy. 16 at 560 WQAM. Well, I feel so much better after those real moving experiences. Yeah, I think I got this fluidist crap out of my system. If I can say that. Don't forget, tip the turd. 567. That would be great sign to have on a restaurant. So you go to a manager where they have a guy working. They're usually a dark and plucked guy too. You know, when he's got his little little candies in it. What? You know I'm talking about what do they call it? Like a a restaurant attendant. A T-room attendant. Yeah. And a sign that should be a sign saying tip the turd. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hello, man. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? You really, you should really start to nerve on this one. I deliver pieces at night and you know, I take what I get, you know, you too. It's all the same. And you know, soon as one of them. He said they don't tip for whatever he said with the essay of the time. He said something like that. Well, I understand what he's saying. I mean, he boarded it out. So you can't do that. It's not the book Daniels. Sure. We have more than the four people listening. Now see, that's the new FCC deal. If you have four people or less listening, you can say the effort on here. That's why she could say it today. That's why the producer got fired and not that you. I've got my book by the way. Nice book. Oh my god. Nice book book. Speaking of tip the turdists. We got the out of time on open by the way, the tool free line with shit. It doesn't work out of state. That guy who called from penis before. I thought he said Phoenix. He must have been called from penis. That was no well. Phoenix called. It doesn't work out of state. It works in parts of Florida. Certain parts someplace to do and someplace to don't. 877-785-Neal 1877-785-6345. And we've paid the freight. I want to keep that line as busy as possible. Just to make him pay for the piece of crap that he gave us in here. Nothing. I mean, absolutely grudgingly and even then the worst. The cheapest that money can buy. That's the Greg Reid FN way. Here's Cutler-ray. Jell-A. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, pissed off, man. Are you for tip all the time? But, nah, if I get a crack of or a bag of, I tip and nothing. Yeah, I want to tilt for you, punk. The crack of y'all we, tip, faggot that the new tip is that it's tip, nerve or what I would have to tell. Sure, yeah, tip to fag. Tell him, tip, faggot the tip, crack of piece. Okay. On you is what he said. Peace on you. How's he sponored? 560-050-60. Pile. Pile on 560. You see the one dark guy that called before he's got a good point. If you say blacks are great athletes and they sure have rhythm and they sure are a great musician then that's okay. It's not racist. But if you say blacks tend to be very bad tipers. Oh my god, it's a racist thing. See it's too much of that. We've created that. It's like, you know, creating a monster. If I can say that. Don't start those lines about the gorillas in our midst again either George. 560-050-60. Pile on 560. Here's a mobile and what else? Pile on B. Take call two and a Palm Beach line. Yes, sir. Hey Neil. How you doing? Great. I actually got a good story for you. I'm a white male and a married to a Jamaican woman. Oh, y'all want to have a. And I go we got a dinner and a lot of times bring my mother law with us. Zero chip. I mean it's embarrassing. I I always go back to table and put like another 10 bucks down. And I you know, give another one. The restaurant was good to red lobster. If that's not, you know, just for them. If I ever ate a red lobster again, which I would not, I demand to give me a tip on the way up. Yeah. It's a play. It's a. I'd be on tip this turn. Well. Yeah. Okay. I just want to say that. Thanks, Bell. Yeah. I forgot that's right. Palm Beach can call on at line nine two for free. To free. Right. Am I right about that? West Palm, Boca, Bointon Beach. I'll write an hour cooking Delray Beach. Wow. Yeah. Let's get what we can. Okay. And it's the best we can do with it. Gainesville the West Palm to Fort Myers. To Naples, too. Same Pete everywhere in between. Have any calls from FSU? New town of Hasi, Ed. No. Now I'm a cater fan now. Okay. I'm really we got shine by all our listeners up there from down here. All those kids that go to FSU. You just know that they're got to be at least what six of them listening on the internet right now at least six or seven. Uh huh. Shindus. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I got three suggestions for tip the third guy. Yeah. Eat in, buffet or cook at home. Uh huh. If you want to go out and have someone serve him and not tip and don't go out. That's not, you know, you're proposing to do. When in doubt, don't go out. When in doubt, don't go out and by the way, I'm an FSU graduate. All right. But I didn't call. I called before you made that. Don't tell me you got on the stick up there. I will. Okay. I knew it. They needed to see. Well, we got too many numbers there. You know, I mean, Gainesville, I can handle up to seven numbers, but for FSU it's a little bit tough. That's that Bobby Bowdoin mentality. I'm like that greats a fist to get Steve Spurio. 8777-75 Neil, 8777-856345. All look at that. A mobile in a lapel. Hello. A lapel of all places. Wow. A great place that is to drive to real fast. Thousand horses out here. Yeah. Not too far from the nuthouse. So how's it going today? Great. Hey, you keep playing that that lady that laughs with that attorney. You're funny. The battling behind every hear her over here. But yeah, that's the I said the in love look bell because you can't hear that's the best thing they got going for them. But sometimes I get over the lake oak at Shelby. Yeah. I do a lot of on the road step. And I was wondering, if they be able to hear this person to see what you're talking about, where is he at on the down? 940. Clear channel. 50,000 watts. 943 to 7pm. You'll love it. Oh, 3 to 7. Okay. Oh, I was all you need is about 40 seconds of it. That'll be the end of it. I'll be back with Hank then. There you go. Hey, yeah. And he's Hank's best hour. Hey, stupid. And then there's a 1700 watts on there. Craft. Craft. You have them about 30 seconds too and you might turn around and want to go back. You think I'd be able to reach them at Oak. And when I made Oak at Shelby? No. You get down to Oak at Shelby Road. You'll be able to reach them. I have a great day, pal. Thank you. Yeah. By the way, speaking of Oak at Shelby Road, what kind of poor bastards have to drive to that, you know, on the way to the airport? Now, what back years and years and years ago, when I lived in the highly or in Miami Lakes, actually right next to the high school, I used to know that part of town pretty good. Miami Springs is it, right? Yeah, Miami Springs. But, you know, you go to the airport and you get close to like, uh, Luzune and, um, and Oak at Shelby Road. And every day, it just backed up for like forever. I mean, even not talking about rush out. Just backed up and backed up and it looked you looked down off that ramp and you think, thank God, better than than me. I mean, what, what is that? Tonight, exactly. It's a freaking day mirror is what it is. God Almighty. So I want to send my condolences to you poor bastards out there who live or would work or have to travel in that part of town and exit off that, oh, Jesus. In fact, I got a better idea for this. Always have plenty of parking at the airport. Just keep driving straight. Go to the airport park in there and walk to wherever you're going. Get their hell of a lot sooner. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. Listen, I wasn't in the restaurant. There's a few years back. And I still have a box of old teachers to let go of the bread. Don't eat them to the guide. Kipping is not a city in China. It's a little less subtle in the 15%. Yeah. And I tried to call in yesterday, but I couldn't get to a phone. I just wanted to warn you, Rho. Listen, there's not to go for that by the edge from the model for the end. Friend of mine had that done a few years ago when it was still cutting edge technology. It shows you the boy in a girl. Yeah. One turned out to be an anorexic heroin addict that walks around the house and defy kills an underwear and it's all turned out work. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. You're welcome. And we'll see you. Yes, yeah, I got no response to that. I think that's a very interesting thing. I'll use a stop and ask yourself. If you've seen pictures of well-like people out there who I see, it's hard. This is a very difficult topic because the people who consider themselves good looking. I have to very very often think, oh, yeah, right. And I'm beautiful too. You know? So it's difficult to talk about it, but the people who really are beautiful people. Were their parents also beautiful people? Or do ugly parents sometimes make beautiful people. And like somebody said the other day, when I was watching a story on TV, they really don't know enough about genetics yet. There's no like guarantee that beautiful parents make beautiful children more likely. No, we have a sometimes certain traits, skip a generation. We're totally the most likely in this thing. Yeah. So in other words, if your parents were real, real ugly like mine, you're going to be real ugly like me, is that what you're saying? Most likely. No, I know what your parents were talking. But at any rate, Cubans. No, seriously. I don't know that there's any guarantee that and but it's a fascinating thing. I mean, there's two ways to look at it. Number one, you'd like to have brighter people. That would be nice people with a brain. But what's wrong with having people with a brain? Well, also look good. Now you got something that you can reach out and embrace real tightly. The way I look at it. Like, oh, God, that's good. You know? Right Jacob? Oh, sorry. You don't even know Jacob and you give me looks. Okay, Jacob is a very bright young man. Maybe I'll see him with hockey game tonight. Speaking of hockey game, by the way, Palm El Burris plan. Ray Whitney is playing and oh, I want to mention this and the big black guy named Peter War else plan. So everybody except right ahead of him's back tonight. No excuse is not to be there tonight, especially for Palm El Burris. But I'm going to be watching very closely to see who gets the biggest ovation out as we turn to the Panther lineup. And I Palm El Burris are $10 million man and most exciting athlete in the world or Peter War else, who this crowd that we got, they're obsessed with Peter War else, obsessed like a sickness with these people. Or of course, the lovely Ray Whitney. One 26 at five 16 and WQA. Like these things we sing. Like the things we sing. But we must have new. There's peace when we're not against it. You won't be satisfied. They will take your hands. We got men. We swear that night, they, these little eyes can't do the time. We sing like a bunch of girly blinds of the stage. Our agents says we die to stay. We sing like a... I'll be just saying just well here on girls. We speak with FQF and B. Yes. But FQF is all that they all figured out. We're hiding our latent sea. One thing is for sure. We can make sure. We're not against it. We're not against it. I swear with my gay. If you want to go to a nice restaurant, I'm not talking about venues or wagons or something like that. Or I hopped. If you want to go to a nice restaurant, do you ask yourself, can I afford to eat with me and my family or other who have run taken? Can I afford to eat there or ask, can I afford to eat there and also leave a nice tip? I think that's a legitimate question. If you factor that in, when you're thinking about can you afford to eat there? Some people do. People may be who eat out often. The big bucks like you do, people go to a lot of fancy, fancy restaurants. If you go to a restaurant, I'm going to leave a good tip. If you get a free meal, you'll leave an extra big tip. You always, and you know me, I could eat for free forever. I don't want to be a snore number one. Number two, I'm not looking for meals because I'm always fat. I'm always half way on a diet plus I'm diabetic. I just can't eat all the meals I would like to. If I went 150 pounds, maybe I'd be much a version more of a snore. So it's a lucky thing I'd like to be a snore. I need too many free meals. People who live on a very limited budget, I mean, they have to deny themselves the right to go to a nice restaurant and eat without being able to live a tip. The tiered a big tip? That's a fantastic question that we have to ask. Why should we blame all our Porsche leperswarzers out there? A lot of them are just barely scraping through. They can't just go home and eat a bucket of fried chicken every day. Not every guy damn day. A little variety is the spice of life. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, the collar that calls while back, the black collar said he worked his way through school, whatever waiting tables, and he got paid a two ten an hour. Well, guess what? Things haven't changed. Yeah. We're still making that, and we still work for our chips. And because I work for my chips, I even try harder, even though I know that I'm some tables I'm lively, I'm not to get a chip. I still work hard at that table, I'm still smile and I'm all nice and congenial. Open the best. Open the best. Do you think? Hoping for the best. Hoping for the best. So I imagine after a couple more years, I'll begin to become better as well. But also the angry young black man, a call said he used to chip, and now anybody is white or a thing, he's not going to chip. I think the only tip he ever used to give was to don't come to my neighborhood. I think we all catch a late. And a good tip, too, by the way, probably. Yeah. Okay, well, he said he'd leave a couple of crackers under the table. And nobody said, always goes good with you or a clam chowder. Five six seven odd by the way, why did they do that? Why do restaurants bring you crackers? That's so goyish, you know, when you get clam chowder like an acetyl, I hate when they do that. I mean, I never eat them anyway. So why did they assume you want to put crackers in your chowder? Because a lot of people do that. That's like taking a great steak and ladling your wood steaks sauce, you know. See steak sauce and believe me, I love good steak sauce that go in the way, I'd always about it, especially like what's the real good pita lougars? That's the best. But if you have a great steak like it roots, because you don't use steak sauce. I mean, they will give it to you if you want. But anybody to me that goes into a place like that, I want to drown the taste of a fantastic juicy steak with steak sauce, just stay home and buy a bottle of steak on and drink it, you know, by the tablespoon. Don't waste your time with the steak. Because that's all steak sauce generally is for add other stuff like that, is to cover up the taste. If you get a great bowl of chowder, for example, in a real good seafood place, why don't you put a bunch of crackers in mung and there like a soak it up, drag? I guess, go ahead and do that. Here's plantation, hello. Yeah, sir. At a great time that's where you put that down and had a real good meal. I even left a dollar tip. Well, I was very, very nice for you, especially. And Neil, what? I got one question. Why would they have it? They had pots, the lotion in the basket on one of the key chain sounds. That's a good idea. Next year. Okay. Okay, see. Hey, how do you like that? It was almost as human lifestyle. It was really good on the phone. I don't say really good. He was different. Okay. That's hair for Canada, I would be like, oh, okay. Even though George, let's judge it just a hard ass. You don't like anybody. So see, I'm the one that has to suffer. I have the reputation to be in a hard ass and hating everybody. And you're the one that like, God. All invited then. Just like the looks that you gave some other people like my good friend, Sonny, that used to be land, whatever his name is. That came up in the force me to kiss him on a cheek to get rid of him. I gave him a look. Yes. And a very good one too. They would have killed, which I only wish he would have worked. Here's Inverness, hello. Inverness. Yeah, here you go. How you doing, sir? All right. I get some of the only listener in citrus town here. If you want to see all fours come up here. Oh, I'd tell you. I've been only guy. I guess under 50. Right. But, okay, these, they come down mostly from Michigan and in the end here to retire. Right. They sell their $30,000 house up there and that by one down here for $25,000. And they do go out here, you know. I see them all out at the Golden Coral. You can't get in the Thor on a Friday night unless you got blue hair. Yeah. And then I put your front in line. Well, sounds like they've been in perfect over here in sunrise and tamarind. Oh, we beat them really. Oh, because you got these don't, they're not only old, but they got no class. Yeah, that's right. They're made Westerners. You're right about that. And I'll tell you why your workers are good tipers, but Midwest and people even up there, they're cheap. I'll tell you, we do have our, you know, we have a black population here, but I say, I won't think they've died never seen the bowels. They only have tips. They never go out anywhere. I don't see the man away. Well, if you were dark and plugged in citrus county, you'd probably stay in a lot too, you know. Yeah, I probably would. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Yeah. Okay. Okay, look at this. We got 600 open lines here. All of a sudden we've been rolled along, sing it a song today. And I want to thank profusely. I mean, thank tremendously, the guy to call about tytoni because I must forgot about this story. I was so wrapped up with a guy named 900 line or eight, or whatever the hell that line is. And we'd Greg Reed and with the golf tournament in the disappearing money. As in. How much was it and where to held it at code? We get an answer on it yet, by the way. Oh. Look at that board now. One call on there. It's on line nine. It's on a new toll free line from Orlando. Everything else died. Everything else died. Very nice. She thank God. I got that line. I'll keep that line spoken all the time. But here, Dave and Howard, Jack Simmel, crap. 23 years of this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We pay for it. There's still like that is a doorknile. I'm one of the hottest guy. This is one of the great topics in history. Okay. Why is it that black people are so cheap? That's our topic today. And are they really related to French Canadians? Is that the problem? Let me tell you about Pompano Park. I want to thank my good close friend, what tell us your name? Kathy. That brought me my book last night. We're going to have one here and it's over here. Ken's Bible. Thank you, sweetheart. Oh, frosty lad. What the hell was that? Somebody just stopped just off. Sitting at home watching the WWW. If I got hair on my bike and close on my breath. Back on remote control. I got my Nintendo's Jocic. I'm so dying ladies. I'm married a pregnant chick. Well, it's true. I drive a beamer and I play looking golf. I wear a polyester pants that I never take off. I go after the bars and I try to be funky. But I don't fool anyone because we are funky. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky little boy. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky. I listen to Madonna and I think she's really hip and that wholeal as lazy as fell up. Just makes me flip. I don't like to like true. That you're so darn dirty. My kids all down to listen until they turn 30. My dad is my uncle. I am a sister's my aunt. I'm enrolled in school just to get me a grand. I tell her a lot of this to cook. I think that they're funny. I got a bad sense of humor. Excuse me. Uh, huh. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky little boy. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky. Oh, me a funky little boy. Oh, me a funky white- whoo- Whooke it me to the box. Oh, Ms. Hi my father, I'm Crystal Mover here, and pull my finger. pajamas, 60's. Here's something to ponder. Gotta few hours to kill. You drive them along all Ga잖아 61. You come together in one of those... you know, you know, they're all those different exits where they've got to act down. kitchen. And you're a white gear, cracker. And you drive a little thing. If you're okay, don't unpertarded the fast food joints. I'll go in with sit down and play. So give me the newspaper. I'll sit down. Have a little meal read the paper. And you walk in there. You're a white person. And they're like 15 tables full. And all the people in there are black. No, you know what that reminds me of the the wind, Dixie. Where was it? Where did we hear in County? Well, that's right when I used to go that way. That's where I used to go up to County line road to go home. And of course, I didn't see Sylvia in those days. How you don't sweet art Sylvia's back at the turnpike toll. But anyway, yeah, the one day that I pulled up there and I realized that I sat in the parking lot for a little for a moment or two. Did I ever go in there? I don't think so. You just said it drive by. I didn't drive by. I drive by shopping experience. Yeah. And I looked at all the people I could see inside the store. And it was very dark and there was like in the middle of the day time I was going home. I have to the show with like do 15. And I looked into parking lot and the wall dark. And now that wasn't because of any hostility toward black people. I just felt out of place. You know what I'm saying? Now if I'm a black guy and I'm driving on the road and I go at it and here's the end of this country, Kitchen and I get out of the car and I walk in. I look in there and there's 15 tables full. They're all white folks. You might get to be turned off by that. And I could like turn around and walk out. If they've got rebel flags on their baseball cats. Navy. Yeah. And if they all say we're from Cifters County. But other than that, here's Orlando. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, man. Was this Greg Reeves way of thanking you for screwing up your CDs? Yeah. Well, it's if he's going to say limited toll free number for about six counties. So what's the father's call you receive so far? Oh, I'll see you this morning. Gainesville first hour. Well, we have one supposedly from Phoenix, but I'm not buying it. Doesn't work out of state. Gainesville. Yeah. I heard the guy facts you from LA and said, didn't work there. Didn't work in Boston LA Montreal. I'll speak it out. Speaking of LA, here's a radio spy report for you. Yes, sir. Your buddy Phil. He's on real radio soon. They act till off. And they're going to put Phil on. Yeah. A pair of all. You knew that already. No, he did not. Oh, you know now, but he's on here. You're the best man. You're the fifth call I had about him. He's been on here for a month. You heard me all the month and a half. Yeah, I know that. I listen to you every day. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Yeah. Five six seven. Oh, five 60. Pond five 60 on the 18. T. No, wireless line. 87 seven seven seven eight five meal. 87 seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. Ed Till. Now, who was it that to putting on over as it until I put no one on the queer channels and I'm oh my god. Wow. The talent in this business man, it's just it's phenomenal. The pool of talent. You could almost drown in it. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. How you doing? No. Pretty good sir. You're sitting down in Russia. I said to you, you're crossing yesterday with the Yankees have I'm ahead. I'm not sure you remember. This is Brian. Is Brian? Yeah. Of course. Yeah. I forgot for good Brian. Oh, I don't know. But anyways, I think that you are one of the best towns there ever has been down here. And I think you're the best. Excellent. So that's why Paul. And thanks for coming by last night. You're welcome. See you, Brian. What do you mean? You look like that. Don't you remember Brian? No. Brian was sitting right at table across with the Yankee Capon. Tall young gentleman, very nice looking kid. I remember that tall lady with a long brown hair. Yeah. I'm sure you do. Well, I remember Brian. And he just called in here. One of my favorite people already. Good guy. And probably got a better sense of humor than Jacob that I didn't see last night. What happened to my good buddy, Jacob? I got a little bit too far in that. That's okay. See, I always test people. Always test their sense of humor and how much you know, people rise them. Oh, that bag meals talking about you on the air, Jacob. Big deal. Okay. If that body's you, Jacob, take a little leering out of your right ear. And leave the girlfriend home next time. Now, Jacob's a good kid. Probably out my good friend. You know, day from the hockey games, the one that was passing the buttons that time. He takes credit for introducing me to everybody, Jacob. And then who's the other one that had the picture of the hose was at Jose? From the pizza loft that time a few years ago. You remember Jose? Who went into hiding immediately? Oh, that. Yeah. Yeah. One of your people, you know, who just old you might have called not a coin that cratches because I said he happened to be a very, very good looking young guy. Which he was all away. And that's what difference does it make? What there is an am I going to do any of them? No. So what difference does it make? They enjoy it. They like the slime, the lime light a little bit. So I would add. Everybody likes to be famous for 20 minutes.