ROLY! What's the time to pretend we haven't opened? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you got in Peter's dumps? Peter's dumps? I mean, try this way. I thought if we just played ROLY! ROLY! ROLY! ROLY! When I was selling you CUNY, I had me more Loderdel presents the Niel Rogers Show. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel. To talk to Niel, WMAN Law effective in computer stress screening. recient actor. That's what he really wanted Talk to two of whom not necessarily reflect Those of WKEM. Easy read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast workshop. Yeah. Niel Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QA Why you appearance? I like this. Hey, du. Hey guys. Have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend What's really under mind? Oneuchs. What's she asking? In his bed. Guess what. Well, now you can. with the Mr. Haking Message Service. Hello. Howdy, home! I'm here that you're having a little wait. Problem. You need that right. You've got more chance than a Chinese home dog. What the fuck are you talking about? With the Mr. Haking Message Service, you can get it all off your chest. And she'll never even know it to you. My gosh, you're having some snacks. I can smell it all the way over here. You're a little like a girl. Tell me you piece of shit. If her ass is getting big, let or no. Call 1-800-Haking-What? All right. Okay, 10-0-2560 WQM. I got most of my throat back. I think after taking off Friday. I think that episode we had around Thursday with. Roll! I kind of went over the ages for us being out sick on Friday. Anyway, if that didn't make me sick enough, I've wasted here this letter that I got. This is how I start my week here at Greg Reed's Playground. Yeah, we're not no longer calling as QAM, by the way it's Greg and his playmates. That's what this place is all about. So I get this letter this morning. That starts out. I mean, it is glowing and glowing and beautiful. I don't want to embarrass you, Sherry and Boca, okay? I don't want to embarrass you too much. By reading this letter on a year, that's fucking bitch. Yeah. In fact, this is right on the heels. Was this Saturday? Saturday, yesterday. The arts and leisure I guess, the must have been the Saturday and the Sun Sentinel. To the arts and letter section, which I didn't even know that they got letters to the editor of that. But anyway, so there's three letters in a row from Northburg and New Jersey. One from Boca and one from a lady in Denton, Texas, all raving about Luis Miguel. I'm thinking, hey, this is pretty interesting. How did I actually fall on this? All around the country, all over the world, people are suddenly discovering there's one guy with a greatest force in a world, which I haven't told you for 15 years now, and that's the Luis Miguel. So now I get this letter. You better hold on. You better fasten your seat belts for this, okay? Okay? Okay. It's addressed to Neil God Rogers, dear Neil. I'm a female. I'm an avid fan of yours. I'm 43 in a pharmaceutical representative, three major pharmaceutical company. How do you like that? Yeah. As a result, maybe too much drugs. Maybe that's your problem, sweetheart. Sherry. As a result, I spend a lot of time in my car, and listen to a lot of radio. I sure hope you're listening to that sweet art. I started listening to you back in the days of the bird, and although I'm not a sports fan, you're so witty and clever that I even enjoy listening to you talk about sports. I go crazy over that ironic giggle, meaning I guess. Yeah. I know, however, or maybe it was, that's it. That we stole from our concerns. I know, however, felt this compelling me to write you to let you know how much I agree with your musical taste. How do you like that? Yes, I do have a 13 year old daughter who needs to learn love with in this order. Number one, back street boys. Number 298 degrees. But I re-elect them as well. We go to every concert in the photos of not just screaming girls, not my daughter or niece, of course. Would stop screaming. I might be even able to hear them. I mean, we're not going to have to. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I love the back street boys. The object of my two musical desires lies with Luis Miguel. When I hear his voice, I melt. I started listening to him seven years ago when I decided I wanted to learn Spanish. I'm a Jewish female. All. Now we get to it. All the way. Only claim the culture not to religion. I teach my children to be good people. Not good Jews. I'm becoming more and more in atheist each day. You feel the suction from this letter. I have to. I'm holding both sides of the chair. Just so not to get sucked out of the seat. That's how much suction there is in this letter so far. None of my peers know who he is, meaning Luis Miguel. He's the most talented singer I've ever heard. And we'll put Ricky Martin to shame if he would ever cross over to English. I feel a special connection to you because of Luis Miguel. Not to mention I have a week list for Latin men. Even I'm assuming sucking up the George a little bit with that part of it. Now comes the best part. Okay. Have you followed this so far? Yeah. This great glowing blowing letter. On the 14th. Meaning of course this past Saturday. I'm going to a very out of the way. Ticket master location to get tickets for the basketball is concert. So I have a better chance of getting good seats. Now here comes the good part. Strap yourselves in. Hold on tight. We were thrown into a melting pot. Neil if there's any way of getting good seats for the concert myself. My daughter and niece I would donate time and money to the Humane Society. We are very active in this cause as I perform. I retired Greyhounds to many people I have to interact with. You would also be making two young girls grateful to you forever. Do I hear about young girls? No. No. I don't even care. I don't care about young anybody. I hate kids. Okay sweetheart. That's true. What are you laughing about? I don't like little kids. Girls of any age. And boys out of the age of what's legal here on the age of 18. We are very active in this causes I perform. I retire. They are really great kids involved empathetic with one great love. The back street boys. In the capital letters of course. If you could help me. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. If you could help me. No. I would also be forever grateful and would give back in whatever way I could. I also never stole a freight train. With affection. Sherry. I'll spare her the embarrassment. I won't read the last name on a year. Even though it's written here which I'd be too embarrassed. But I guess we couldn't have gotten her those tickets without the last name. Sherry who lives in Boka who leaves her phone number. Her voice mail number. Her shoe size. Her breath size. Her. Her. Beckham size. Which is growing by the second now. I understand. Is this unbelievable or what? She's this. Christ. How many times over the years have you heard me say we almost never hear from women? But all I got into is hand like today was to talk about the day I joked about them with the dolphin tickets. And that guy in the car calls and puts his freaking wife on a phone. And she's sucking and sucking. Sound like the voice of experience to me. Sucking heavy duty. And then all of a sudden, when you know we are big dolphin fans. Yeah. Girl, go buy some goddamn tickets. Okay. What I saw of the take from that exhibitionist game. There were plenty of empty seats in that joint boy. You could have gone bowling at P.P. Park. To see that debacle. This right here, this letter in my hand right now. This epitomizes by 23 years in this town. In fact, no, it epitomizes the town. Not just my years. It epitomizes this whole town. What can you give us for free? And even though she's only 43, she'll be a great singer set as it's from their own. Sheery. A yintha in training. Another old fart ready to go. Hop, whatever you got for free. She's ready to take the sweet and low. She's ready to take the silverware. She wants to guide them tickets for her two young girls. She's going to get it. Oh, no. I'm going to get it all right. No, no tickets. The worst letter in the history of broadcasting. There was right there. After two paragraphs of sucking and using my lines in my material. Sucking and sucking and sucking already. Jesus Christ Almighty. There ought to be a law. Exactly. Whatever the hell that means. What does that mean? And I'll further start. Exactly. God. I'd rather have roll. I'm back in the studio. I'd rather blow his brains off and have that happen again. Then read a letter like that to start my week. Nice going, Sheery. Come in here with a scratchy throat getting my health back a little bit after a nasty cold. And I got to read another. I want it, letter. I'm going to say I have to ten to five sixty WQ and by the way, Bluffs air conditioning is car one out. I'm Saturday's net of shame is everybody. There's a fight, Greg. There's a fight. I'm sorry. I won't hurt. Out the moon, my. And a thing is going to see it's all long. And the cold last night will only one thing done. And I'll always have to let your ball lose no no. And see my good man. Come in here. I'm going to say I have to go. Where will I pass my call? And I'll take it so that we won't let die. No. No thank you. No thank you. Let me. This is my next week. I've got the collection for Sheery. So if you get some nasty boy tickets for that. Pain in the ass daughter when he's there is that way you can take up a collection for Elton. What do you say? Fine. Let's go. Anyway, Joe Costell. I wasn't here Friday. Was out sick. So we had one of those best of things. But Joe Costell and JP who did long the party. JP, damn it. I was pretty damn good. It was excellent. The only negative about that place. The food was very, very good. The only end they paid. How do you like that? Here's the story ladies and gentlemen. Joe Costell and JP picked up the tab. Who's time in my life and recent memory that anybody Schlepper is like that and picked up the tab. And JP's back in Jamesville safely now. Didn't get a chance to kiss him goodbye here on Friday. It was very distraught all Friday. I think in all of a geez. Another one gets away. The only bad thing about the macaroni grill up there at University in Broward and Plantation. I'm sure they're all over the place. I don't think they have other ones down here. The only negative is that why is it that places like this field that they, well, first of all, the one negative and he was okay. But he was Jose was the waiter. Some old spick. I mean, yeah. And then it's time in restaurant. And JP is saying, well, I'll have to play you. And I said, no, no, it's polo. Not polio. Don't start. And of course, Jose says, see, see, yeah, polio. Yeah, get out of here Jose. You were a good guy, but stop at the esponial in Italian. Join. But the real negative was they they want to put on the musical entertainment. I don't know about you. Maybe maybe I'm crazy. When I go into a good restaurant, I want to eat. I don't want violins. I don't want musical. You know, if there's a little music in a background, you know, way in a background on the speakers, that's nice. Especially in Italian restaurant, you know, like in Italy. You go in your sit down. And in the background, I know I just have nice low level of planet mouthy. That's beautiful. Okay. It's a nice accompaniment. Two wonderful new. At the night. Yeah. And that's enough. But anyway, they got the in the middle of the meal. Like about two thirds of the way through the minute. Now, they won guy. I don't know if he's the owner of what he is. But this big fat chubby guy, I guess really Italian. He goes over to a table. He's singing somebody happy birthday. I think it's birthday. I thought you, you know, it's okay. Little not quite so loud next time would be better. But it was all right. But now we're two thirds of the way through the meal. And all of a sudden, here comes this guy. I don't want to say dark, complicated guy out of the kitchen. And he stands up in the middle of the place. They dim the lights. And I'm thinking, oh my god, it's a stick up. What's going on here now? And this guy, I thought for sure he was going to sing. Oh man. River. I don't want to sound like a racial thing. But what was that? And he starts singing a song. And I have no idea what the song was. No, no, that's not what it was. I mean, I couldn't figure out what language he was singing in or what the song was. And everybody's kind of like looking at each other. And then all of a sudden he finally finishes. And I do mean finally it went on for an eternity. And all of a sudden he finishes. And now there's this tremendous observation. And we realize most of it is coming from inside the kitchen because he works in the kitchen. They got the kitchen help. The shepherds from the kitchen coming out and singing in the middle of your meal. And I'm in one of those good meal. A great experience that I'm asking myself. Why are you doing that? Why are you trying to spoil an very enjoyable evening that somebody else is paying for no less? If I haven't somebody come out here and sing in some bizarre language that I have no idea. Am I right? Ask your hotel. We have no idea what language he was singing in it. What the song was. In fact, you know, something old man River would have been an improvement. That old man River, that would have been great. You know, I don't know what the hell it was. And everybody's a plot. I think they were plotting because it was over with Nick and go back to their meal. I'll get out of here. Go back to the kitchen and wash some dishes. Well, yeah. And please, whatever you do don't touch our food. God. That was bizarre. So you people over there to macaroni grill. And I'm sure you're doing a good business. But it probably be enhanced a little bit. If you just cut the crap of the entertainment, we don't want entertainment when we're eating. If you want a you know people want to see a show and a dinner, that's fine. But you go into place that's supposed to be a restaurant. All we want is the food. Good service. Good food. Good buy. That's it. Hello and goodbye. Here's a pleasant facts, by the way. From Ian in London. In Shirley. It says in the early 90s, I lived the wild and four-laternal. These listed you on WI. The occasionally. In fact, it was about the only thing I missed when I left Florida came back to the UK. Now I have a life basis. How do you like that? Even the UK is better than here. That's saying a lot. And he tells me about, uh, man, it's just to make a long story. Shorty is listening over there in London on the internet. I call an air paly. We'd probably be able to talk to you. But of course, being the cheap bastards that they are around here. We don't have it 800 lines. We don't even have a free line for the bastard's over and for a Myers. Those Porsche lovers who are desperate to have some contact. Some communication with the outside real world. Which this is the closest they get. And I'd say in much. Now one of the most depressing things I've ever seen. Say I don't want to stare at that until we kind of on a download. Do I? Okay. Well, after the letter from Shirley, it's only got a good better. You know, VH1 is showing these. What do they call it? Where are they now? We could do a radio thing like that. Can you imagine? Greg, Budell, Gregory, Benjamin, Budell. Where is he now? And then it calls. Oh, I need a high five. Greg, if they are still in country kitchen waiting on cables. It was a sad thing. Oh, where are they now? And this particular one. And of course, none of them are ever good. They're either dead and they died tragically. They went through a horrendous drug problem. Every single one of these where are they now? Is depressing. And you're thinking to yourself at least I'm thinking. Why couldn't you just leave me with the memories? Okay. What they used to look like. What they used to sound like. I'd add a meeting one and a no where they are now. But once I got into this, I couldn't turn it off. And what was the group? Couldn't think the way out of a paper bag. And you're both out, sorry for. Yeah, and he's out. I was through in the thing where you think what's inside. I will say this. Jan Barry did look good. Okay. Couldn't sing a with a crap. But he looks good. If you could see, this is the proof. If anybody in any of my religious nuts out there in the audience, if you want proof that there is no God, you must see that's piece on VH one about Jan and Dean. If you could see, what Jan Barry looks like now. Now granted, he had that horrible car wreck. People had drive Corvette, shouldn't he drive it irresponsibly, Jan? You know what I'm saying? Okay. I'll move up on my ride. You go down to the floor of the city. Jack. I have never in my life. I can't describe to you. You know, Igor, our good friend Igor and productioner. Igor looks like I would say like Johnny Dep. Compared to what Jan Barry looks like now. Igor looks like Brad Pitt by comparison. That's how I grow up to Jan Barry. I would say he's about 58.59 would be my guess. Because they were say he was 25 and I'm adding the years to try to figure out how old he is. He could pass for 80 easy. And he's like fat and all like, he can narrowly talk. Because he ended horrible car wreck and they thought he was going to die. Well, I knew that he was in a car wreck. And at that point, I kind of forgot about Jan and Dean as far as, you know, following what happened to them. Because they couldn't seem the right of a paper sack to begin with. It was fun music. It was okay. But I'm looking on Jan and Dean. They're surf city album. And they show you how much great music they had of their own. Listen to some of the cuts on this album. This is Jan and Dean's music. Oh, what did you put me down? I put out to it. Yeah. Okay. Not, not. Was that Jan and Dean's music? No. Could that have been something else that they ripped off from their bodies, the beach boys? Oh. Could that have been another one they ripped off from them? Well, they didn't have enough of their own hits to fill up an album for Christ's eggs. They're a man, Peter. Oh, no. Could that be another beach boys? Yeah. Oh, I dare to hear. Well, they couldn't possibly be any more beach boys cut on this album. Could they're like, that would get, oh no. No. Come on. It's just y'all. Isn't it? Please. Please, don't be a chist. No. Okay. That's enough. Jan and Dean. I bet you there's nobody else in this audience who saw that piece on VH1. And if you're old enough like Jan and Dean and what they looked like. Okay. Forget about the fact that they couldn't sing for crap. And of course, naturally they have to make a big song to dance on these segments. Oh, yeah. They're not even in our rock and roll hall of fame. And it's a disgrace and y'all y'all y'all. I mean, what are they talking about? One of these people talking about just because Jan had a bad car wreck. And they've made 75 comeback. And Jan, they're, they're carrying him around like I like a doll. You know, like a big, blown up doll. Very sad. VH1, please start doing that to us. Okay. Please start doing that to us. I wouldn't be surprised if the next one is going to be Jackie Wilson. We know where he is now in the ground. And as a matter of fact, the, the, the, the, the very one next one after that was Rick Nelson. I, if I seen him lightly. Oh, no, I didn't watch that. I've had a, the thing with Jan and Dean had had, it brought peers to my eyes. That's how they pressing a lot. So if you want to make a big mistake, ask where are they now? And somebody will tell you, so oh, Jesus, I'm so sorry. I asked. It's just like I'm so sorry. I opened up that letter from Sherry this morning to start my week. Sherry and Boca. I should use the last name. You know what? Bitch. Here's a call from West Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm going to Italy for a sign tomorrow. Yes. I think it's Sheridan and then it's in Florence for a couple of weeks. Never been in Venice. No. No. And Rome and a continental. Right. And he must be over there. Yeah, the Pope. Everything. Uh-huh. One of the questions. What do you fly, Elitite? Elpa. Delta. Delta? Delta? Your fly and a Delta? You're going to Italy and your land and Delta airline? Yeah. I'm stuck. When's that in my girlfriend's Richard? My girlfriend wanted it now. It's the same person I think. No. No. No. I don't hear talking about on guiding light. I know exactly what you're talking about. It did it from people. But I know that. I know that, sir. I've been watching guiding lights since before Jesus was a baby. Right. That story line's got to go, man. It's got to go. I see the answer is Billy. Right. Okay. We're going to come along. It's from Buffalo Bill. Have a great time. Thanks. See you. Say hi to Will Papa. Lot Papa. 5605050. Anybody want any free dolphin tickets? Come on. Let's see. We can get some women out here early today. Early in the week for some free dolphin tickets. We got any? No. But all I got to do is mention that. And I'll guarantee you some bits of beyond there before you can say douchebag. Oh, no. You really, really, my pants and tickets. How about some back street boys tickets for your kids? Yeah. Thank God. Much music is doing this all back street boys. It fits right in. Again, 24 hours of it. See, I hate to break the news to you, Sherry. Whatever your name is in Boca. I'll be real glad of my good close friend Tracy Nile. Come to me with my back street boys tickets. Right there in the front row. Since I'm the number one adult back street boys fan in the world. Beyond a shadow of a doubt. And she loves the Weasemagirl. And anything you like Nile, I like it too. Oh, God. What a suckling you are, Sherry. I'm embarrassed for you. I'm embarrassed for all of us that you're out there. I'm the loose. God. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, rock, get through. Little loads, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady, yeah. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. No, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. Oh, lady from Highly. She's no man who close to you for just one time. You're going to agitate a partial only keeps a turnover for a reader Now I can't think of no one who would take me meaner than a little lady from I only just to call that you stalk you the real old parts, see the dirt of having their bees follow Or see the little old lady from the I only die So what do you think about that Jan Buriga? So what do you think about that Jan Buriga? I think about that Jan Buriga. This is the only place in the universe where you could just make the comments I did before I said it was very sad to see what they look like now Especially Jan who looks 120 years old easy and is all blown up like a bull frog and it's tragic I said it was you know you can't think for sure Which is true and I get a fact that says Jan and Dean had plenty of hits geek geek And it goes on to listen surf city drag city which are both on the CD by the way little lady from Pasadena Why the wild surf which is also on here baby talk baby talk So what did they hit? Bad man's curve which I just got through playing about the 10 seconds that I did not Yeah and of course the John penis is favorite which is something he tried to do in the Key's last week and it didn't work out too good sidewalk surfing And some guys are there. They were great because the unnamed king who facked his middle son of a big fact Yeah they were great. I said the music was fun. I liked Jan and Dean probably only because Jan looked so good But nevertheless I like him. What's not to like they were okay? It was partly on the answer that whole era of marginal music what was wrong with that But I'd have to bet somebody's got to get hostile as opposed to saying you know oh yeah I saw that thing and you write that was that was enough to bring you to tears That was enough to make you want to scream Anybody who could believe there's a god to look at the before and after a Jan barriers is thinking of themselves Oh my goodness Speaking of god by the way So was repeat the thing on 60 minutes last night about the Magdalene long reason Ireland Those poor cat looks maybe they're getting it left side right side upside down And then at the end of the show they showed the irrelevant moon scandals thing too On 60 minutes last night also repeat Yeah repeat but nevertheless religion took a real beating last night on 60 minutes Oh here at yeah What a what a disgrace Typical sexist crap from the church I mean these were not only women who had had sex but they were thinking about it They were like on the verge maybe they were going to have some kind of a sexual encounter Let's send them away to these long memories for like about a hundred years and make them disappear And then they found all these bodies that they dug up these sides to make it even more appetizing Nice going papa The crazy people that's the religious people are the crazy people how many years have I been telling you that Speaking of crazy people my good boyfriend Tom Jika who still hasn't discovered another book just Came on forget about that or the SEC fine See everybody's talking about all the hate sites on the internet The 2000 websites and about this one's first amendment rights our first amendment rights just as far as having a sense of humor We've got the word police after us and nobody in this town in the media print or otherwise as discovered at SEC business Including the brilliant Tom Jika who's who busy punching at the track with a capelin To find out what's really going on in a local media big big story he didn't figure with us But in yesterday's Q and A in the Sun sent a TV book Here's a question probably another one at the time made up What happened the Panthers radio announcer Chris Moore does he have another job or is he going back to New Jersey we can only hope Ask JW and Fort Lauderdale ask it about Chris Moore on answer way to hear this answer from Tom Jika Little bit of truth isn't too dangerous Tom more had been living a double life throughout his tenure with the Panthers His wife is a successful lawyer in New Jersey who couldn't relocate So she and the kids stayed up north and more commuted he got tired of traveling in time away from his family So we gave up the Panthers he's hoping to find work in the New York area or with the SPN or he's sometimes fills in while working for the Panthers more as an excellent talk host Personal informed in a master of many voices and excellent talk host But he's an awful play by playman In fact, it's a stretch to describe as call of the game is play by play he would go off on stream of consciousness riffs hardly ever describe what was happening on the guys's plays Developed then scream like a band he went to Google with scoring No, I like that Yeah, so half right there Tom he's an excellent talk show host Christina Moore sit down comedian They were great damn it They were my favorite they're the best damn group since the beach boys. I think that right now at a basketball boy. I'm yeah, that's right Anybody believe that no except this asshole at semi this hate facts because they had all of these great hits Oh, yeah, they had so many big hits. They couldn't fill up one CD with their greatest hits. That's how many well, of course their career was cut short by that tragic accident Cause Jan was driving a Corvette to God then fast. He thought he had a Mustang 22 before 11 at five 60 W to QA and in fact if he wouldn't have had a Mustang he probably would be in better shape today because he couldn't have gone at fast Correct, I F It's not his to do what's that doing the hook it's okay I'm doing the hook it's okay Guys, this is that guy's just that the fact that is a good point. I think it ought to have just This show how much just somebody we have for Jan Berry the what bad shape even. Let's do all Jan and Dean today. What are you saying? All right That was okay. That was it was it had its moment I'm a scale of 10 I give it about a section half Anyway, I'll tell you who I give a minus 6000 that's that jackass Michael Mayo with a son's And I'm so sick and tired of the suckles on this radio station. I don't want to mention no name Reading my mail. Yeah, hey, come on give me a break give me a break The great sports writers we got in this town. What is going on here lately with this insetsuance relationship, you know Drives him as a matter of fact even mentions even Henry stadiums up to fuse right on the money He starts out by talking about oh, yeah, we don't want to get sucked in this tax for another stadium and Bop, Bop, Bop, and then he goes on to tell which side he is the best one just like everybody else Oh, we don't want to spend any tax money, but if we have to build it how about right there in Miramar Which is centrally located in the highway friendly. He says and I like Hank Goldberg's line. He says any site with inside a corner is a good site I hate to break the news to your Michael Mayo most of us don't go to call her. How do you like that? I say the overwhelming majority of people in this town don't go to call her George is the George go to call her No, do I go there I've had many in years. No Joe Constellos you go to call her no And then he goes on again to say and not that I support any of public financing, but and see This is a column another one of these columns with all these little random thoughts He just says junk food for thought now this would have been a perfect column To put in the apology to Dave Halberstein that's some of us have been waiting for what you're gonna have for that apology Did he put it in there no Even put you in a thing here new panters boys jigs McDonald's a nice blast for the past rule islander fans use it live so Mike mail But I feel bad for Steve Goldstein what does it take for a deserving up and come or to get his shot So in other words, he's got Hank in here. He's got him yelty in here He's wasted his time with this crap a sucking around and by the way, yelty's not impressed I saw on this morning. He said to you, okay Mike mail He said hold the mail. He's not impressed We would have all been a lot more impressed with a real well earned and well deserved the apology for Dave Halberstein Who I find out his wife is a doctor some they've got a lot of money lots and lots and lots of cash And they've got a good job selling with Westwood one is like regional sales matter. He's doing great in spudty Mike mail and assholes like you Who come on here on this show and lie through your teeth promise to repeat the printed apology and then the guy gets fired and you still don't get a Apologize I'll tell you one thing did Halberstein has got more class in his little finger than all the sports writers in this town put together all of them More talent in his goddamn breakfast. How do you guys put together all you phony baloney one of these who wish you were in a real sports bounce Instead of being down here writing a bunch of random cramps almost every column That's how much class you got Michael hold a mail I bet you Josie probably share some of his naked pictures of Hank and that billy girl with Mike mail Which is by the two of them all of a sudden are stuck around so tight, you know That must be it can't be any other reason because Hank knows that Mike mail couldn't write his way out of a paper sack Hank knows that doesn't eat but you're sweet as he does and speaking to Josie Gacky by the way. George the Gacky stuff. Yeah speaking of that Hank will be on today at you was tomorrow he'll be here alive And then when did he's going on his third vacation this week I mean this month this this week You think I take a lot of vacations. I don't be grudge anybody but this guy He went on vacation the same week I did remember then he came back for a couple of days when I vacation again now He's going on vacation again Which we don't mind that except for who's gonna be on filling in our Wednesday? You're gonna pee your pants when you find out who's gonna be on here from 2 to 4 30. Thank God not the whole four hours Oh wait a minute Wednesday Wednesday on the ISDN on the phone line from Philadelphia A man who really knows the soft Florida sports scene not bill Zimper The anonymous voice of the dolphin They'll be doing a show to the six on Wednesday Ask him how the weather is outside. He'll tell you what it isn't fully because he ain't gonna be here And there's day two to four 30. We got Jersey gacking. Oh my god 4 30 to 6 we got Josh in Orlando, Elzagiri Can you imagine can you just imagine what's gonna happen that number that hangs gutted to a clock on the Thursday? We're gonna old points Can you can you hear the sounds of the sound Florida audience within the first five seconds? Jersey gacking oh My oh you know something Jersey gacking oh I got it was mentioned his name on the Thursday that he's gonna be on and you can hear the sound of the radio dials Cooking in the off position. Jersey gacking blows Oh It came to play it about his personality because he doesn't have anything And the guy who said that his mother dropped him on his pussy when he was a little baby. I think you're right God Well, there was a thing the other day about you know that little horrible plane crash we had in Hollywood And by the way you people that don't want to live near an airport guess what if the airport's already there It's probably not a good idea by a house right near an airport because there's planes taken off Yeah, how about that? Isn't that something? But anyway, so there was a story in a paper about a plane of a recent about a few years ago playing a crash With people taking rescue supplies to the hurricane the Andrew victims down in South-A And it said two people perished in the crash and one survived. You know who the survivor was? Jersey gacking how do you like that? And I bet you the two people who died that plane might have been nice people too, you know? Stop and think about that why I just think about Jan Berry and God just stop and think about that for a minute Here's a lady in pepper pines hello. Hi, new on my first time caller. I rise. I listen to you up in North Carolina I go to school there. I listen to the computer. Great I just wanted to know what you thought of the fans Doing at the Tampa Bay game when they made the players get off the field because of extreme lightning I don't know I think about it. It's terrible They say let the players die so we can watch the game. Oh, yeah, that's right. I mean how would the players know where War was this in Tampa? Yeah, and It were Boeing because they had to make the how long do they keep them off the field? I'm not sure it was it was too long, but it was a For example, yeah, yeah, I also I also wanted to tell you if you don't want music when you go You didn't it don't ever go to the roasted pepper the roasted pepper. Yeah, I thought the people had brought us food Or they were threatening to bring us food yours. They'd play music during the meal. They've got this little old man This is in the corner with a karaoke. Oh, oh, that's so bad. Why do places do that? I don't know my parents love it They do yeah holiday about 100 175. Yeah, see that's what it's for the old far it's small to you know Yeah anybody under 100 doesn't want music with their meal. Yeah, it's terrible. It's It's unacceptable while I'm macaroni grill's pretty good, but if you don't want the musical accompaniment I would stay away. Yes, that's it. It's guys in the kitchen. Have a great day sweetheart. Yeah. Bye bye. That old man River I'm serious you had the guy comes out with his white you know his outfit on from the kitchen and his cap is Whatever you call that And he stands up there on a table in the middle of the restaurant and the lights go down and he starts singing No, yeah And we're all looking at each other like what song is this one language is he singing? What is happening here in the middle of another wise brain joy? It looks experienced what you'd be thinking about here At the macaroni grill see that's one thing in Italy. You know, they're trying to put on the thing like it their first of all in Italy You wouldn't find a Hispanic waiter. That's number one. I pretty sure there was the guy to call before that said he's going Italy tomorrow You won't be fine to know his fan equator speak at S. Banyol at the restaurant in Italy Number one and number two you will not find some sparks are getting up and singing music in the middle of your meal at no try to read in Rome I mean, I don't know about Venice, but I don't think in Rome or even in Florence There'll be some sparks are from the kitchen getting up in the middle of the restaurant standing on the table singing Old black magic or whatever this guy was singing What was that and why are you people doing that? Why do you do that? 567 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line one thing I learned here last Thursday by the way with that episode with roll I learned that Greg Reed is a lot of them or not thought he was Yeah, he's running around here after this episode after he pulled his Finger in the hole in his head routine about oh, that was pretty stupid if you did that I find out he's running around asking everybody in the building for their version of the story. What really happened? Because you see unless you're part of Greg's inner circle unless you want to grab his buddies The untouchables like I call unless you want to those four or five people then no matter what you tell him no matter how much credibility You've got with anybody else he ain't gonna believe you He probably went and asked her when she'll give them the right story won't you? No that bitch who was sitting in their cackling and laughing up a storm by all witnessed reports wild as average behavior was going on with their buddy wrong Yeah, you're not fooling anybody. Okay, just have yourselves a little party And when we show up on FM at about three months then then you'll be laughing huh? Then you'll be whistling inside your back home wonder what they all hit you? maniacs We haven't heard about that thing on On the Zeta Here's Hollywood hello Yes, sir. I was just wondering have you had a chance to see the Tom Green website yet? No. Oh, it's great I was with a friend. I don't have my own computer, but I was with a friend we got on there You know you could even download the bum bum song. Oh, yeah, I think was too long You know, it was a music, but there was too long But they got a lot of good stuff in there apparently he's been around up there in Canada since like 1994 I don't know right and The government I like best last week was the one with the pizza undercutters pizza. Yes, that was great That was the first and they got pretty violent too I thought they were gonna. Oh, yeah, crap. I came after him with a hammer That was the first time I can remember that he actually told the camera guy turn around Let's get out of here. Let's get out of here. I am her. He says well, what do you want on your pizza? X her cheese and he opens up that damn thing and he pulls out a package of cheese and it's still not a pizza It was great. Oh, it's dynamite and the and the baseball thing was pretty funny Yeah, I love that you're right. That was in the two bus and had to pay a thing. They had a drag amount of air to Nobody like time green man, but you got it you got to check out the website They got a lot of neat stuff on here some lot of letters. They got excerpts out of his own personal diary Which is pretty funny. Yeah, he's no Janet years and he's pretty good Anyways, I kind of found it by action like you did I I caught the One skit where he brings the cow's head into his mom and dad's bedroom and does the veto call the own right That thing was hilarious and I was wondering what the hell am I watching you and from then on it was just that you know You're hooked time green from president man. Yep. Okay, all right Me all around me five six 705 60 pound five 60 animal will win line I bet you nobody else in this audience saw the genuine thing. I'd be a chillin I'm he pressed about that. No, actually. I'm happy for you Yeah, but in fact the only people who saw already Would have ranged out there were so deep press I Can't describe to you how that man looks now. I can't no matter how vivid the description would be you'd have to see it to believe it Completely gray here like I said he looks about 95 years old his faces all puffy and distorted and bloated and his body It's just all blown up like a bull frog and he's like, and then they're going on there still no encounter tours Yeah, just a lot. I'm now I've got their doing again So be 120 years old and I'll still be out there. I was on the road Like that Like Jerry Lewis who by the way is in very bad help. Oh, yeah, oh, and you know, P. We reached died Baseball player P. We reached not that P. We Anyway, died over the weekend. He was 81 and they neglected to mention very much about the fact that he was a heavy heavy duty Smoker and head had a long cancer. They just mentioned that one thing in the article If they're so concerned about trying to turn the kids off from smoking Why is it that people like Joe to Matthew who is supposed to be such a wonderful guy carried so much about kids? How come him and P. We reached didn't do PSA's like Hamilton burger did there huh about the goddamn smoking Oh, we don't want to say that. Well, okay. Don't say it And then Joe Morgan on there's only a Sunday night games sucking his ass last night. How about talking about the real truth there huh? How about all I heavy duty Smoking and also covering up her Albert Bell and that embarrassing play he made Joe you make me sick all right Joe Morgan he makes me nauseous And rumor has it that he and John Miller having fist fights over the food in the booth It knew and it that burger team God follow the truth reaction figures. They're fun for the whole family collect all 10 mob action figures with each Wopper fries and super large drain and that a super large drink no exception Get sunny in his favorite garbage can so you can beat the crap out of Carl O after he punches out sunny sister or get the bolt brittle body Sonny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth Wow, isn't that great? Impress all your friends with the dawn himself. I'm making an offer. He can't or fear so start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures Remember it's only business and it's at third or two About 50 WCM so the eclanic Janet Dean facts you're another fact this is where did you get that Janet Dean CD the dollar store get the real stuff Get the real stuff. No actually I got it at the 50 cents door. They would ask for a dollar for no Janet Dean CD. Okay asshole God The dollar store Get the real stuff man Oh Thank you Also somebody facts me. I don't know which day it was in the Sun sent all but there were whole series a whole spate of letters here saying John Henry stick it up your ass Sellers welling Marlin don't need better park. Let business pay for its own costly stadium Marlin's Henry's got a lot of nerve It is request and in fact one of the letters starts out By saying boy, does he have a lot of cuts by even new stadium wooden draw fan to says and on and on a whole bunch of letters Let's hear it Those letter writers who said hey John Henry stick it. Who the hell are you kidding? But of course the Sun sent and it won't be deterred front page of yesterday or Saturday's paper Which is ferris ballpark of all mirror mirror on the wall? Which is the ferris site of all? Asked the Sun sent one and then they got a whole big son of it and with a whole page on the inside Whole page with the drawings and the detail they've already said no and Davy they already form all of it I'll pretty much said no forget it, but don't confuse the Sun sent me Because they feel like there's some little hick town newspaper which they are and if they have a baseball stadium in Broward County That's gonna make a difference right? No, no you're still gonna be a bunch of hicks. Who the hell are you kidding? The best side of all like the guy who called hanker couple weeks ago the best side is washing the dc That's the best place for the Marlins They're desperate for a team up there again, okay all the members of Congress They want to have a place to go and smooth build another goddamn stadium in Washington, D.C Let them have the freakin Marlins will pack them a sandwich as Ken Maldon would say wasm gain Because he and he and I the only ones around here that can really speak our units you know what I'm saying Oh, thanks just to pretend there Here's haven't sure hello. Hey, how are you okay, sir? Listen, I want to bring up what we brought up that last week and actually today Something about the Mustang I have a newer style RX793 to twin turbo And I know when I can put down the power and I have these guys You know all the time they try me and try me. I'm like no no no. It's not worth it. Yeah, and sure enough on the highway yesterday I was cruising along 70 miles an hour Christmas old diet comes up in a Mustang cobra Let's sighty put this hazards next to me signaling hey, I want to take you on a run Exactly. Yeah I have to make a center out of entering Palm Beach County. I see him pulled over and Mr. Florida has Okay, all right Yeah, well another another punk that just doesn't know how to do it. It was wonderful. I love it. It was wonderful Speaking of being getting sexual stimulation this turn that's story Scorched your your series that's going on a VH1 yeah, you'll never guess he's going on tomorrow night Give me a clue you hate this group You had a dealing with them a personal viewing VGs. Yes, you know, they're going to be on tomorrow night on this where they now Oh Hopefully on an America worst plane out the Vegas State is there each other I guess they're uh, what does it tell you how far they've come down when I have to fly America worst airlines to go to a Parenthood Vegas Losers So there I guess we're going to be on tomorrow. I'm going to watch just to see I mean they're doing what small venues now or something. Oh, they're still there making a comeback. Are they? Yeah, I didn't mind. Yeah, they're making a big comeback on Star Island. Well good luck to us then. Okay, pal. Take your nails here The BG's ah the fabulous BG's as more grip in one set. Well, he sure could do it. Could he not Murph? Oh no 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line You know something I'm still never it's going to take me weeks to recover from raw And a facility around Thursday at about 11 23 on Thursday morning One of the most honest now. I don't want to hear it again. I couldn't stand it Because we listen to it again this morning and come to find out that he was talking so loud That even though he was way off mic over here you could hear him on the air Going like that look look exactly like that. Oh, yeah, oh, Jay. Oh, Jay Nice going screw in why don't you do you get your sales people or get some coffee for the account and start doing some sales work Instead of worrying about interfering at programming you stupid bitch God oh, and I didn't tell the story about Tracy Caracito did I on the air So the best part of the raw story to a clock the door to this studio opened I just got off the year and here comes screw in our sales manager with portraits You Caracito our promotions guy who's leaving us this week. This is last week Was a good guy and who knows actually how to do a job So I guess they had a little bit of a powo. Who can we have be the fall guy for that embarrassing roll Why not Tracy because then we don't have to worry about him getting fired. Is if anybody here ever gets So Tracy comes up and just what you know I had this task force on a golfer a task force And you're wondering why we can't get half the shows on a year half the time because we have a task force on a golf tournament a task force And yes, you remember the task force Roy yeah I mean, you know he's selling so many spots out there. Oh You know So he claims that he's the one it's got to take responsibility because he's that Roy up here to find out how come we weren't doing a promo Zenit golf tournament Now is there anybody in his right mind who believes that Tracy would tell Roy to come up here in a middle of the show No, it's start hopping the a China and arguing to me on the year no, we don't buy a Tracy okay nice going sweetheart Taking a fall taking a bullet Through end Who she and her boyfriend set up the story Roy. Yeah, that boyfriend Not to be confused with any other boyfriend You know I'm talking about I'm sure you do 8 minutes after 11 at 5 60 By the way, they back to boys concert at sunrise sold out nine minutes on Saturday morning nine minutes it sold out So there you go sweetheart up there in Boca Sherry I hope that ticked master just gave you a big fat no, okay I hope as soon as you walked in the door they looked at you and said oh whatever you want We don't have any more tickets to sold out whatever you want we can just tell go get him from Neil That's a succession with hokey I'm sitting home watching TV Enjoy the beach and fire I really need But I know that it won't last forever the doorbell has to ring Another gentleman who admits the things they want to say me Thanks I After We're in my home home tree. In Latin 14 at 5. 60 WKM are topic today who names and groups that are worse than Jan and Dean so far we had any that are no. Here's the Pigry for mobile Hollywood. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Shout out of the bad great dead report. Shout out in straight between University and 441. Yes. There's Hollywood Patrol and Hollywood with radar units. Pickin' people up. And middle of the day time and the accident they're happening at night. Yeah that's where those kids got in that horrible record and other kids all died again the other day. He's the 441. Right. But here it is. In the middle of the day time 11. 15 in the morning. Look where that is. I'll see this at least gives the public you know it makes an appearance like they're really doing something about it. That's great. Have a great day. Thanks for the good news. Okay there's the warning for you okay. Pigs around. Right and more business again. I don't know about you but as far as I'm concerned anybody alone force met their number one thing should be making a streets in the road safe and the unit. They were hood safe. That's what they ought to be doing. Everybody who's in jail or prison in America for any marijuana related offense ought to be released right now and all the scumbags should be put away minimum mandatory 20 year sentence for anybody to commit like a serious crime. Not just with a gun. And you know they're probably the gun officer saying oh gee thank God that's throwing plantation yesterday that horrible story about the 50 year old guy that hung himself after he smothered his two kids to death. No guns in that one. Let's air it. All right. Yeah. Squeeze in themselves. Squeeze in our triggers. They're so excited about that. Is that what Roy Rogers used to do all the time with squeeze trigger? That's why the SPCA got involved. 567. Well if you were married to day 11 you might squeeze trigger too you know. That's a religious nut. 567. 560. Pound 560. Kind of only wish I could talk you know. I've got most of my voice back. I was doing okay and I fought off a cold for like almost a whole week and then I had that experience with raw and cruising and Friday morning. I couldn't talk at all. I took my voice away. Took my breath away. I don't know whether it was the Roy episode or seeing Greg Reid's stupid reaction to it. I mean you know people think it's stick when I come in here and talk about working for a bozo. Yeah. It's man is just a terrifying. It's it's staggering. That's why he surrounded himself with his little core of boyfriend's a girlfriend's in here because he's like you know. Yeah. Don't ask me anything about radio because I don't know what that is. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey. How you doing, Neil? I just wanted to make a comment about all the anti-marin wanted smokers. Poor day. Do you mean the pop police? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. First of all, for them it's okay for advertisements that age 90 crox in a morning for alcohol. Yeah. And that's what I'm talking about. That's okay. Yeah. You go to jail for having a short on you. Yeah. And get you can drive. And it's. Yeah. And. And. Yeah. Right. You know, I just want to say I love your show. Yeah. And. And. You have a great day. Okay. Well, more is there to say. Okay. He's got to go and grab you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Get that phone number. Yeah. The mirror. You know, so. This is a brainwashing of the American public that people belong in jail for a couple of plants for. Uh, it's unbelievable. It's not acceptable. You people are crazy. Anybody that buys into that. People are commit murders all they do a few years that we let them out again. And then they do it again. Oh, what a surprise. Like that guy in Texas. And it's this crazy guy out there. This view for Pussaro jack off out there in California, from Seattle. This maniac who goes. who goes he's so crazy he goes himself he says I'm crazy I need to be put away and then tries to withdraw the guy with a knife and they put it in jail for $155 days and let him out on parole and by the way one of the guns that he used to use to kill the mailman that gun formerly was in the possession of a Seattle police department was one of their guns and they traced the whole chronology of how went from this guy to that guy to a pawn shop where this man he had bought it etc and so on but don't confuse the oh and by the way speaking of politics what an award-winning field we got the next year oh my god how do you like that Republican straw poll in Iowa where you only have to pay like $7,000 to vote that's your American way baby here's George W Bush a man so colorless so bland that he makes out-gore looking sighting and out-gore is like a dead man a man who stands for nothing but his name happens to be Bush who speaks like a wooden it's just unbelievable this is the best we can do 270 million people and the democrats have gotten wouldn't algore and even more wooden boring bill Bradley used to be an NBA player road scholar nobody cares because he's a he's a battling fool and the Republicans this and and the best part of the deal is litty dole have you seen this woman speak the wonder around husband has to take pills to get it up my god Jesus Christ maybe she maybe she will help him hand or not is the case maybe preferably not probably god litty dole and well I yeah yeah yeah yeah and then we got Gary don't call me an Aussie bar but I want to know it and Pat I'll do him any day the week you can and the best part of it is Dan Quail comes in behind Alan Kees he went into who Alan Kees is it's far to be public in right wing or no he comes in behind him and holding up the rear right home orange match head about two votes and I think one was him and one was his wife yeah orange match what a bunch you got baby these are the future I say let's screw the democrats that are a public it let's put Jesse in there now for 2000 let's have a draft okay let him run on a reform party all vote from 10 times Jesse the body baby right now Tom Green provides president we'll make an exception for him okay even if he's a Canadian citizen it's okay here's a mobile and wellington hello okay sir I'd you back you missed a big day Friday what I miss you missed a four hour dolphin pre-game show oh for next edition given that nobody went to you had thought I saw the taper that thing it looked like everybody had their own private section yeah I saw Jimmy Johnson the other night yeah you know what he said we've got a shot he'd be special we got a shot we really really got a shot and he ought to be serving 20 years right now like I said Thursday for overacting on a spot that is the most melodramatic it was hogwash bunch of crap like like give something important you know yeah meanwhile he's down on jail scour felons right and of course you notice the big deal out Cecil had one big game and extra big game and all the all these so-called sports writers here all good by the Korean baby Cecil he's the man he demand one game yeah we'll see how long he stays is that he keeps his ass out of jail and Joe big big dog this morning was crying over Danny's performance I heard that I know he was crying on behalf of Danny yeah and I think the little dog thinks that Danny's gonna play with his 85 he's gonna say another multi-year contract well that's his that's big dog's in to the NFL what Danny's going then Joe's going yeah I think you're right yeah okay thank you okay miss some good stuff here 45 hour pre-game show don't forget bill Zimfer filling in for Hank on Wednesday from filter alfia on the phone that's cause we're so desperate and if you think that is see that's the only thing that it could have made you wanted to come back on Thursday would be to put on here on Thursday and we're doing it we're doing it that's how stupid we are we're putting a dead man on the year on Thursday for two and a half hours and boy am I gonna get him a bill up here on Thursday or what huh am I gonna promote that Joe's a Gaki show yeah yeah you better believe it everybody's gonna be taking no dose in fact I'm gonna get my own personal no dose concession on Thursday morning I'm gonna be selling I'm gonna be peddling it out here on the corner of I'm Terry Roden 441 everybody stop buying by your no dose because Joseph is gonna be on the year for two and a half hours on QA I mean it's gonna be ugly baby it's gonna be bland it's gonna be boring it's gonna be terminal it's gonna be the end of the freaking world all because of the fact that Joe's got those naked pictures are hanging at Billy code 560 50560 Pong 560 on the AT&T where's the Jan and Dean people for Christ 6 what is wrong with you man there he did look like a Batman I don't think he's got to worry about no what he's any more not Jan Perry how could anybody that used to look so great I mean he was beautiful okay I hate to say that but he was a great looking guy and now you look at him he said oh Jesus please why did you have to do that to us why couldn't we just remember him when he was young and hung you know but he looked good couldn't sing but he looked good he looked great are you you you you must see that before you die you must see that thing from VH1 and you'll say you didn't even come close to describe again he makes Igor look like like a Malcolm on a young and a horn you that's like Josh Morrell like good Nick I'm Tony oh God 560 50560 Pong 560 on the AT&T line here's Miami hello yes sir hey how you doing great I know before I get started you have the website for 100 what is it George I know KF I's website is not it Bobby he'll be on here on k5 640 dot com k5 640 dot com yeah yeah that's the show I get what's on the show on 6 to 9 to 9 to 9 to 9 at our time or are you sure yeah listen I've been listening to you show for quite a long time since the Gulf War yes and I've noticed through the years you know listen to you you've become like a very very bitter man in your old man yeah well you have a mean you attack I mean you've always attacked me now you're getting real personal people you know yeah you come more of an asshole every day huh that's why you're still listening oh I know I like to show but you're an asshole well and you're I like to call to but you're an asshole too so I guess we're like a metar match yeah well hey yeah you know you'll say taste what I know one I give you this you make a 5 million for being an asshole that's right how much you make it about 35 thousand you know that's not bad for us they're you keep working at a family you'll find that's a bigger asshole you are the more money you'll make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you want to know why he's an asshole that's right and it is proud of it I'm tired of people were assholes pretending not to be asshole that's what makes me sick my stomach I'm an asshole and proud of it yeah just ask me I'll tell you that old man river what was that at the macaroni grill Christ man just bull me over with the watermelon man deal raj it's hard She says that I'm too late. I really had it, my son, she said magic. She's out so strong to fight, rather my body ain't. I know she's gonna get it all, she's invited. I know she's gonna get it all, she's gonna buy it. You see the fire? You see the fire? Just fire? I know! There's no way my chair will turn in fire! Love a 32 at 560 WQM WQM and invite you to the about.com WQM Solvedic Alcarmant and visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We're going to visit at the top of the list. We've been fortunate enough to visit at the top of the list. We've reached the top of the list. It's an even better list for the present diet than our gene's. From my bonus base, there were nothing I've felt live for. If we hadn't found a solution, we wouldn't have found another solution, I'll have to read the console and also read the console. We were looking most closely at the top. But, still regarding life. If we have a bear gift picture. Piece of  Unfusional I would be shocked if i was on therio Square. Yes. Don't forget to go check out the ad on our social board. I hope you liked that episode. me that were squeezed each other in the car that was broke right in the corner sunrise and I knew it was good looking guy I heard it yeah I mean I would like talk but I wish I could say the same for you guys I just a joke it's just a little joke but a group with an and a dean is a Ricky maneuver with Ricky Martin yeah there you go actually choice but at least they didn't pretend they could sing though that's the difference yeah but you're probably running a train so that I would you might have found out how he was don't forget to watch Monday night church and I either okay we see you see you by the might be watching that oh yeah I'll be glued with yeah let's just put much music on you'll just play the audio it's back to the all-backed boys all day today in honor of their big concert tour starting here in America which is interesting and noticed that they were big and you're a person and can't even finally finally the American public on including all those little girls in a show yeah these guys can really sing unlike those other stupid groups like Jordan night Sam's good boyfriend couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack but my look pretty good in one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line I feel a little bit of relief on a one head on this J. P. being in there with his pretty face did a good job nice cause we'd aren't even always up there in gamesville but on the other hand I don't feel quite so pressured about having food in here you know because I told him don't ever give an order like that again not seriously you feel pressured certain people hang it around and they figure you know they're not getting paid the leasing to his feet and give him a free lunch to something in their mouth you don't talk about how about you do so maybe we'll have a little lunch today and maybe not because I way about six hundred pounds yes no we don't want to eat we got his beef jerky that's good you're right good point George is on his best behavior now he just came back from vacation probably ate like a pig yeah and you know something I don't I usually don't eat bread because at first of all I can't eat bread I'm diabetic and since my blood sugar way up and number two I'm fat so I should be no breath and number three I don't like bread that much anyway but macaroni grill the best part of the meal the bread if you ever eat it or you've never been there no it's great they bring out these fresh fake round slopes of bread warm and they got like all kinds of herbs in the bread you know and then they bring and they put a little plate and they put some fresh extra virgin olive oil on the plate for you to dip in like you wouldn't italy I think I ate myself two loaves of that bread I mean they're small but nevertheless and the top at all after my pasta which I had no business eating had dessert a big piece of amaretto cake dip with with what the kind of sauce was it on the bottom of the plate you know oh God it was good caramel sauce amaretto cake and caramel sauce it was great I'm serious it was very good and Joe and the JP picked up the tad don't be just like so on guys I'm not used to that I can get used to that in the hurry after eating with some of those other people and I want to mention no names what all was females for they stopped yeah well best I could afford you know 560560 pound 560 and see now he's going to be called oh you didn't want to go up to there that's right I had a special dinner with the guys okay and they were buying that was a very good place except for that music here's some rise hello Neil yes sir how are you doing that one the asshole that called which one was at the self proclaimed asshole yeah those calling you an A-haul you're making big bucks I think he's got his English down or something because the adjective needs to use his truthful because you get more truthful every day and that's why people a lot of truthful and honest asshole yeah well if you if that's what you know I mean I'm just saying I people are afraid of the truth yeah and that's why a lot of people they like targeting and stuff now he was just having a little fun he likes to just yeah he was squeezing himself when it was standing oh I hear it hey I'm what do you say what happened remember about I'm so I'm listening to the show um why don't you were gone and everything and by the way are you feeling better I hope so yeah I'm feeling great I can't talk that go but I'm okay oh that's right I'm listening to the the quote unquote show you know the tape showing everything and um sir you were right on the money about the legalization of weed the reason why it's not legal and all that um that it's a witch hunt right and in my opinion the reason why is now I'm saying that drugs should be legal or whatever okay I'll just talk about the green because I don't do anything else but the reason why it's not I'm there you go the reason why it's not legal because these this country is wrong by redness and phony's and they need to hit like like George W. Bush and by the way isn't interesting how they made a big strong to dance about Clinton once maybe you tried weed and he claims he didn't inhale because he had to say that or they would have nailed him to across and here we got a guy who won't even deny that it's their did cocaine he had a blues problem and now they're gonna probably bring us out of the power problem that's when he get the real problem of the white powder not little goddamn weed right and I'd like to have a co-cat is the president no sir and I think I think that these politicians that they need some might have to point the finger at plus that's it was everything was legal then there won't be any anybody getting chaos yeah but just imagine how much tax money we could raise from it that we could build a steady on every street corn yeah sir plus and what are people shooting at each other over a dime of crackers right that's right love you show kneeling um hang in there boy okay pal bye bye see you okay we got uh 200 open lines for the first time this morning it is a understand that where's the jane and bean calls come on strong with you people don't you have any rock mummies for anybody five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t-wardless line it's so sad important I'm not saying that they died either one of you know there's still alive all the look at a jane very wouldn't know it there's got to be somebody out there that has seen that thing they promised I'm serious they probably committed suicide I had a bit so depressed in years as looking at that piece on v-h one yesterday and the only reason I look at v-h one is on the small dish I at channel surp I go for m-t-v d-m-t-v-t-w which I hate to a v-h one and too much music oh my god you're living in your way you're a man head of all of Ryan you're okay in my book sweetheart how's that hard coming five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t line anybody out in the audience got any back sweet boys tickets for Sherry and Boca oh my let's let's ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha come on let's see the spirit of fair play in his town Sherry and Boca who probably that family she's got more money than god she works for a song a pharmaceutical representative which means he's peddling drugs so you know she's loaded but she's still too cheap to go out there get her own god then tickets come on anybody got some back sweet boys tickets for Sherry and Boca come on oh let's do it suck it in and hold it oh so when you need a little help to make their shape look somewhat just and you should try a busier but now they can't go out and take for one they're brought when we left because of our hero one the raw was trying to save his beloved your probably sweet bread from the plushes of the evil Simon ball cleavage oh one here bro I can't help you now pure belly sweet bread he's saving his two years oh I'm totally lacking in the boy one here bro but these situations play poor poly don't count one there bras here to make them stick out let's get run I killed oh dreadful again but I'll be back when you're brassies if you're going to run you're getting away stop crying poly well the villain is jerky your bus finest back and your scooters are freaking so now the world is safe for boots that want to fall apart and pro through my cleavage is almost too show there's only one place you can go to one bro how young is too young okay it's 145 at 560 WQM we got a couple of lines here if you move quickly if you hop right on it 560 if you call in right away we may have some free back street boy tickets for it for September 15 at the macaroon let's see how soon we can get Sherry from Boca to call in okay to get those free back street boys tickets to apologize for that interpret that assucking letter that you wrote that I read on the other morning the worst letter in the history of the human race come on Sherry you can do it you think if she calls in we ought to break down to give her some tickets huh come on let's do it 560-5056-the pound 560 on the AT&T line because those tickets will out fast maybe nine minutes they were gone here's Miami hello hey near the truck how you doing sir yeah i'm calling and response to you know marijuana property yeah this Friday which Friday which Friday 13 I have to say was probably the most memorable Friday 13 it's ever because me and without check yeah me and about three of my friends you know all good guys you know Neil fans and stuff all of us got arrested for a position of marijuana really um i was the one to make a touch because i had a little road you know my friend he had about a niche of an ounce and he had like some paraphernaly he had a pipe and stuff you know like it just hit me when we got arrested that see a lot of probation i'm not going to say with a more probation for a courier so i mean getting caught with this road really isn't going to be helpful to me you know and that's what the court and they're going to let me have it but it's difficult to me even if you're found innocent for example like a road i don't know if you know Florida like a zero tolerance they do not if it is it doesn't matter how much i caught with because either way you're going to pay for it yeah i think it's a cheer for like even just a road exactly but what is all about it's money because court caught at least 250 dollars and court comfort loan you want to be paid the case you have a pay for a lawyer or they're saying to read hard run advocate program but going to cost you money too with our dollars and make laws and bounds and sense that our money you know saying they're just putting all these people who probably can't afford any money how many times have i told you sir that you live in a police state how many years have i been talking about? i've said police state the idea that marijuana the desert is just arbitrarily as an illegal weed and that possession of it or even growing a couple of plants can send you as to jail is so outrageous that if this was any kind of a country of people with a brain they'd be riding in the streets they'd be overthrowing this fricking fashes government that we got yeah well i mean the people who smugged marijuana like i'm the fun of daily basis right when you get caught for a court for a position exactly or even doors can go for this if you get caught for smugging marijuana the person goes through mine is i can't believe about to get you know right exactly and you know now what it makes me do no i don't even feel like bleeding my head but you're just hiding somewhere maybe the country would be good i can't be in a street if anyone's too paranoid right anyway if they are rubbish or a breath good luck pal let's go bail out guy out what do you say marijuana police you people in law enforcement the DEA all you people you make me sick and i stand here crazy people you're lunatics lunatics nobody got an extra now all at their roach it's our roach let's go to the roach motel 560560 pound 560 on the 18 i realize it's not a very uplifting message to know you live in a goddamn police state but guess what you do here's a mobile in bokeh hello yes sir a couple of quicky things i wanted to talk about no i'm not getting i'm trying so hard for poor jane very young man i feel like crap you know i was before my time first thing i wanted to talk to you was the other night when they had i was watching the news and they were talking about after that shooting the habit through a community center and i'm dying on the news they were talking to people getting their opinions and he says we have to come to the realization that the police can't protect us anymore so we all got to talk to their arm five year old to walk around in school yeah that's right i was working with and i said that last week they just had a six year run they didn't have a book bag the other thing i want to tell you about with the uh... ball game with the uh... walk they want to build i'm a sport fan i'm like one of the people with the co-ed into mitten and badminton i'll watch it and i'll go i'm going to train to a little support anywhere post the where i live i must be nuts okay pal one more thing you listen to point the boys in your court if you don't read the spot the sponsors don't pay i'm going to find a way to pay you quickly yeah no okay pal five six seven five six the pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line and boy talk about the thing that the shooting california since now everybody is so good he too soon so jessie jackson of all people talk about a hypocrite you know that show he's got on cnn send a between five thirty and six last night he's got some rabbi i see one thing about the jews for too many years we have gravel and kissie asked if like when nixon was in office always good for his real he's good yet right same with your a foul ball always good for his real even only thanks to jews or all good aborted hell he's good for his real and i got this rabbi on and it's more these guy from the sub and poverty uh... schmendric center whatever this and here's jessie jackson going on decrying all of these uh... hate sites on the internet and talking about all of how the government's got to do something we got to do this and i've taken to my son i wonder if he's concerned about all those jews in high meat town yeah all of a sudden it's board again jessie who never met a jewy didn't like unless maybe they live in high meat town who the hell are you kidding jessie you phony you opportunist you piece of third see in high meat town jessie five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line we got about two hundred open lines here two and a quarter hours to kill until i think over show two from shoulos we got to be a bouquet apart from six till what to nine thirty five and we got the marlin dot-in-law fanos to play the dog here's tonight well that's exciting here's a mobile mobile and kuper city hello a good morning Neil yes sir jan and dean the little before most of our time yet understand we got a mobile far-shout there there must be somebody as old as i am out there somewhere no listen to listen to your show no no no no i remember that is being a a police boy is rip off right exactly right right right see here's the guy that doesn't even know jan and dean and he knows that we're not a chief beachboys rip off very good and you know if you like those where they now you can watch on e-network they have hollywood true stories that nine o'clock with every night but they're on but they're all the pressing yes nice being a talent carpenter staff but Neil he shows they could feel better about our lives yeah that's true i think it's part of all those frustrated people that say oh gee i wish i were rich in famous they take a look at that they say i don't think so in sherry you can do what i did in my daughter do we were on the phone to take it master a 10 a.m. Saturday couldn't get through finally got through a 10 to one yeah Saturday got four tickets in the bobby you proceed you can have money $500 a piece and it's sherry people like you that make this a miserable place to live exactly and and get a little bit okay thank you sir Neil dedication yeah cool pot and Jimmy Ford both major douchebag okay thank you Neil i guess they told you a serious thing or two i'm saying free loading bitch sucks up for two big long paragraphs and then in the last paragraph oh well you know she's gonna do this and could i please please i don't have the why don't you call power 96 maybe they got some backstreet to avoid tickets okay how do i have backstreet boy tickets to give away crazy person 560 560 560 560 on the end that's right this guy makes a good point on your whippersnapper's out there you would know jan and dean from jan and Paul crotch and you're lucky here's hollywood hello any else yes sir i'm just up and fire off about about first of all proud county commission on denotes to most people already snuck a once in tax on yes starting a January yeah and second of all they want us to pay for a damn stadium i think we were to start a letter writing campaign that everybody wants to open up a business and wants to expand you then let us to the we want the brown county commissioners to subsidize it that's right absolutely bill is a nice huge state of the art facility right i think we were to what i'm right you guys could have a castle over there you guys ought to take over the uh what did they call that that the school board built that crystal palace yeah yeah you guys should take that over okay this is crap with what the crystal cathedral i would be good exactly that Jerry follow some come visit and the rubber jeweler okay thanks a lot and maybe win shuler too from marshal music that i understand he's dead uh anybody remember win shuler from marshal music and oh shuler's restaurant of course not see all those people in the old days that i used to talk to about things that i knew something about they're all dead already so you know you got to move on we're not about five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's sport waterdale hello how you doing Neil pretty good sir good i saw that janente special on 48 years old glitter and on call behind the music that's what it's called what's it called yeah my name is if that's right yeah i saw that one i saw like maybe six months ago it was pretty strange wasn't i be pressing i was very depressed i the only person that was unbelievably depressed by the way jan very looks now uh he looked uh or like a dead man he looked a rost in a josegaki nothing was forced to josegaki or sounds forced to josegaki yeah so he didn't have more personality than josegaki yeah dead or a lot because of the josegaki josegaki sucks okay yeah but i did see that yeah thank you they fought all the time especially if you had a stroke or whatever he did it been fighting my cats and dogs and it take a break for me to the witch i find a star or a stroke well something he's something dude is brain i think after the car accident that's what the brain pretty badly yeah he was so kind of you are stroking or are you sure he needs a stroke and nobody's gonna touch it but that show was not incredible and i did see the rookie else one afterwards oh my god i'm just gonna hide the joseg's crisis yeah v8 wanted i guess it's for like middle age people go through crisis and want to blow their brains out the on 28 so i'm not middle cries i just i think it's fascinating that stuff uh it's it's fine but how would you remember jan and dean if you 28 hi i did the rip off beach boy rip off i knew they are little they did men's curve all that girl right all that stuff that's that's horrible but you know you know battery boys but yeah i suck but i i'm gonna see no that's i'm gonna stop a group of people i'm gonna sit out to it i mean that's gotta tell you when you got an album with ten cuts on it and five of them are beacobre rip off that tells you how much great material a hand well you saw brine Wilson being interviewed for that also did you see that yeah did you yeah brine Wilson he was like upshank come on brine sit up and bet at least sit up a little bit we didn't even do it they were good friends in school and health amounts yeah like that so you know i was all well this but that shows great i watch it every every day every day make make you realize that it's not so bad just to be an ordinary pia exactly in a closing meal you want a couple douche my friend Larry my friend Walden and my friend Tim major douche bet in big fanty worse okay thank you sir five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line it's eleven fifty seven here at WQM the home of Gregory dollars playmates and that's gonna be a new rock group regular playmates uncounted and pizema magma de varilla the riders are they can all be attributed to the harmful effective smoking figure hello i'm William Talbot perhaps will remember that he has handled in burger and in burger that was very on every nation no and now i'm dead so take it from me get the habit and you won't wind up like I do don't smoke and you'll never die ever it's not such paid for by the militant anti smokey community for immortality damn it hey everybody got a light come on to it five sixty WQM all new kids out there ping me Reese's dead only 81 years old could live to be 100 but he was smoking all those damn faggots and that's why he's dead long cancer did they tell you about that no jodemazio 84 years old he's dead lung cancer there you go that was the beginning of the end for all the jolton jol they want to talk about that did he do any PSA to keep the kids from smoking it isn't interesting by the way as much as they're soon all the tobacco companies it's still legal smoke cigarettes in America you know anybody who got the who got the lung cancer from smoking the wicked weed anybody know no anyone know why because nobody smokes that much that they're gonna get guide damn lung cancer or live cancer or tongue cancer or cancer of the recto any other guy damn kind of cancer you know anybody have smokes three packs of joints a day no no yeah even i'm still i'm yeah three packs of joints i got your joint right over here okay okay okay no comment about macaroni grill by the way somebody is recommending full of yours and they whichever good things about that it's like the armadillo cafe it's probably over there on davie wrote a mention and looks like a real hole in a wobble when you go inside i'm not looking for restaurants i just mentioned that i was taken to the macaroni grill and a joe and jpe bought the amelor was great and we had a good time except for old man rev off i i you people crazy and they were what and and does that make me narrow minded or a bigot because of the fact i don't want i don't care whether he's white i don't care whether it's a male or female i don't care who it is i don't want somebody from the kitchen to come out and regal me with singing some uh... indistinguishable song in the middle of my great meal that was the only negative to read the entire experience besides having a waiter who knows speaking in place i've less by new all in a tad in restaurant go away hoesay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line got two three hundred open lines here the sound no waiting here's my amy hello hey how you doing okay sir i said airplane shafts you come out go for a second uh two things real quick uh number one you talk about people that do jail time but you mine shot us father killed him shot us mother twice yeah you're getting out in about two weeks you got sentenced in ninety seven first degree murder he's getting out after being only being in seventy seven and the best part is he is crazy than a bed bug and when his times up they're going to throw him right back out on the street right about how crazy he is next one it's it's unbelievable i mean he is absolutely nuts that's the american fucking way right and number two i heard a new thing of the day some guy got thirty five years for sleeping with the fourteen year old yeah that's wrong okay i would say it was a consensual relation right and the judge because he was uh got out on a wrong side of bed that they're given thirty five years in jail i guess i won question all the cops that were sleeping with that sixteen year old yeah i'm gonna get thirty five years we're still waiting for the rest of the story like Paul Harvey would say where is the rest of the story yeah i'm many of them are gonna get that thirty five years none none all right now good luck to show play okay sixteen thousand open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line thirty five years okay fourteen is pretty damn you did you really lose get the thirty five years for uh mirroring is fourteen year old cousin oh no but god forbid that somebody should be out there with a couple of plants in their backyard or with a roach in their angstry and any american public sits back you know in law law land like uh oh yeah yeah understand this is real bad be sure to talk to your kids about pot and how evil it is pot and pan i talked about spikon spandy for i've talked about pot and pan five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line just remember the anti marijuana people are the crazy people and the hypocrites they're probably the ones that are stuff in that powder up their nose like George W. Bush may have what that be something huh wouldn't that be great just like they found out about Dan quail by the way and all the weed that he did and the story never even really made the light a day any still got like six votes still got beat up by alum key oh i'd go ahead Danny boy you more on here's Miami hello yes sir i remember when cooler best restaurant in the world no i wouldn't go that far but it was pretty good in close yeah remember when you're upset I told you this year's ago once you call on that well you were yelling no i'm sad it all yes we wanted a lot not upset because i haven't seen roll it today and i better not see him okay but you're pacifier for all of us too yeah put the gunner bob cream ton okay thank you uh five don't put any more 90 roll people on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line sir get with it okay you know what this reminds me of another thing vh one is doing that's really pissing me off is this sixty zipset and they've done now you know in the first of all we got this millennium bullcraft so everything has to be a retro-spective and also we just had woodstock 99 which of course was a disaster but nevertheless so everything is not stels in now i don't want to go back to the sixties the sixties suck to be honest with you and they did the fifties were pretty damn good which you would know about fifties were great azian Harriet leave it in deeper well all i could stuff you know father knows breast but the sixties to be very honest with it it's sucked the sixties manufactured people like woodie graver there you go that's what's wrong with the sixties and how does those paint tickets come in by the way for no member woodie five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line all this bullcraft about the sixties and how great it was and janice japan she sure could sing could she sing he couldn't sing a lot of a paper sack me and my me yeah yeah she was great you know when you do that when you're I when you're under the influence of acid so they tell me then everything sounds great you know or everything sounds the same one of the other here's to i don't want to hear about you i don't want to hear your drug stories okay here's tamarac hello how about the Donna wecho yeah okay no pretty good i remember janitine to me janitine the whole thing with that type music was harmony and that kind of music influenced the Beatles janitine and the beach boy it did they did yeah okay i got a I about what about something else did you see please the teenager watch last week the new Britney Spears song yes i did what did you think of it what i think of the song what i think of her breast he did you know the uh i thought it was pretty heavy duty as i went to the three mawling games the other day when i played the janitine because i'm a janitine for forty five years in a barrister of it yeah and it was a girl to my left they could have been more than sixteen yeah made Britney Spears look flat she wanted to have a question yeah i could believe this story she went over to the guy the usher and she could i have a ball the usher says to go by the stance because i was in the second row she's just bent over one of the players will throw your ball sure enough the second dachman i think his name is special you know in the mallins yeah rose harrow ball the guy and back and he says to her how young is too young don't you know that if you do that you'll get anything in life that you want yeah could you believe this yes i can unbelievable always works for George this way i's Shannon here crawling on the floor okay thanks for the good news okay how young is too young okay we got sixteen hundred open lines i can see it's gonna be janitine till two oh one so you're so big and now another edition of what here today what if janice jufflin were an avon lady yes madam help you components next time to find out what would happen if Nancy regzed last week Let's vote it in Justin in a pair. That's the first lady has disappeared. We next we asked. What? Here. Technically bar that red dress. No. It's 2015 at 5.60 WCUAM. I'm going to read these articles these are letters to it. They're by Luis Miguel and play two hours of Luis Miguel. Unless we really get these phones, sizzling and smoking here. Let's get some Janet Dean talk, not that guy that sends me a cost-expect. Yeah, geek, you don't know Janet Dean and all these men. And then this guy's given me an equivalent of a straight face. They were big influence on a Beatles. Yeah. And Eros Smith too make no mistake about that. Here's a mobile and top and a hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I want to see that movie, the Blair Wisk project. Have you seen it yet? No, I sure have not. You're not under no circumstances. If I want to see Vertigo, I'll go see the Alfred Hitchcock version. I'm telling you, my head was pound and I'm off. Yes, I read it. I read a truth thing. They said that a lot of the theater owners are getting wheeled up set because people were puking their guts out in the theaters because they were getting dizzy. They were getting vertigo from all the acute chemo. Definitely. It's like the worst home movie ever seen. They're here in the real scary part. The witnesses carry part. Yeah. Look, there's a pile of rocks in front of our tent. Oh, is next scary part. Yeah. The second scary part. And then that's where the whole family went. Wait a minute. That's the show that you've made $80 million. How stupid the public is. All you got to do is say, oh, this is different and unique and really something. And all of a sudden, all these morons go rushing out to see it. Neil, it was so pitiful and so bad. Yeah. We used to see something a home movie and they're filling in their loose with the camera. It's busy. And all of a sudden they put it out of the ground and don't turn it off. That's the best. You've got to come on. Half the movie is the cameras on the ground and they're talking. And there's nothing scary. There's no bookie man. There's no dialogue. It's absolutely retarded. I hear that. I hear that. I hear the home movie. I think it was a heavy day. That's okay. Let's have a great day. Guys, a little bit too wired for me there. You know, I'm saying just a little bit too talkative for me. I understand that even the camera guy that carries the camcorder on the top green show. Even he don't wobble. It is much in the camera either. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. The Blair Witch Project. And we had people calling in here a couple of weeks ago trying to defend and say it was a good flick and go and see it. I've talked to 65,000 people between then and now. And I've read 62,000 articles about it. And every single one of them said, save your money. Okay. People are starving. Don't waste your money on that piece of hype crap. The Blair Witch Project. But you gotta understand. This is, and then they're all right. These articles all the suit of intellectuals. Oh, the Hollywood studio's are tearing your hair off because it made all this money. And it was a little budget film. It wasn't a film. It was a goddamn joke. A bunch of kids with a goddamn camera kicking out in the goddamn wood somewhere. Oh, let's make them movie. Here you go. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, by the way, a Blair Witch sock. Right, that's what I hear. But what I want to ask you is your opinion on this, the 10, 20 life law. Yeah. I was watching the news and they were talking about a guy in Fort Lauderdale. We've got a pulled over, arrested. They found some cocaine in the car. And they determined that he had intent to distribute. Yeah. And also they found a gun. And now that becomes a 10 year mandatory seven. Good. You agree with that? Yes, I do. That could be just as well. If you would have got pulled over with marijuana within a 10 to 10 degree. That I don't agree. You know, of course not. But that's the way to law structure. Yeah. If you would have got pulled over and it would have happened. I've been marijuana and a gun. Right. It's a 10 year man mandatory sense. Sir, let me say it again. There shouldn't be any penalty for possession of growing, distributing, selling, doing anything with marijuana. It's a plant that grows in the ground. No, I understand. I agree one hundred percent. But the way that the way that that 10, 20 life law is, yeah, if you get caught doing anything, very, and you happen to have a gun. Not that you used to go. But you asked me my opinion to go with the cocaine in the gun. I said, I agree with that. No. I'm any one of your opinion on the 10, 20 life demandatory about the gun. Yeah. In addition to which it's a first anyway, because most of those cases get plea bargain anyway before they finally, you know, ever come to court. So it's a, it's a mood point. But in my understanding, it's a mandatory three years sense that they used to have, you know, man, all those billboards up for years. It was a joke. Most of the cases got plea bargain. A lot of the guys that were spent more than like six months in jail. But I thought if they got arrested, that's a 10 year man of mandatory sense period. That's not how it works. Judges. Well, some of the public work. Well, I have no idea. Somebody will tell me. Yeah. I'm interested to hear what the people have to say about that. OK. Thanks a lot. And tell George W. to put the white powder away. OK. Time to take a powder. We don't mind a BC powder, especially if you're from George R. Arkansas. But we don't like that white powder, especially if you want to sit up there with you finger right in the button with your finger on it. 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How you doing? OK, sir. I'm going back to Jan and Dean and trying to give you worse than Jan and Dean. Yeah. How about Fabian Forte? Fabian was the worst. He was the worst. But at least at least there were people who thought he looked good all say Jan heard. He looked a lot better than he did. Right. And another one. He kind of a disgusting Philadelphia way. I guess he looked OK. Right. Dicky doing the don't. Yeah. I think they will work. And the royal team did short shorts. Pretty bad. Yeah. I guess it's all relative. I kind of liked Jan and Dean. I love Jan and Dean. Maybe 12th, November, baby car. Yeah. And 12th. Pardon? I said it was great. OK. That's it. That's like not included. But you didn't see the piece on VH1. I'd take it on. What they were fine. I've seen a bunch of others. I haven't seen that one. Oh, please. Oh, if it comes on, shut it off immediately. It'll be so depressed. You will speak for weeks. I'm telling you. They look so good on big quarks in their advanced stand back in the 60s. Yeah. They look good with Dick. Have a great day. All right. Bye. OK. See you. In fact, I think they're in that new movie deck. I think Jan verys in there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Well, I'm telling you. Let me say it again. Anybody that believes in God. You take a look at that Jan and Dean thing. I take one look at Jan very for about two seconds. And you'll say, oh my God. Exactly. What has got rotten? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Hey, now what's the best marijuana you ever smoked? I never smoked any. Sure, about 20 years ago. I smoked a little and gave me a bad headache. What's the best you ever smoked? Probably. I think the crit is the best. Yeah. But it costs a lot. Yeah. What did you hear about that? But I know we've got a lot of good stuff here at QAM. Power 96. They got the good crap. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't know. But did you hear about the crash on shared and street in 441 and 4 kids died? Yes. The fourth one died in a concussion? Yes. Yeah. And where my best friend is a sad isn't it? And really you said they said they were going over 80 or 100. That's what happens when you just, uh, our smart ass. Yeah. And they said the other kids in the Mustang were drinking. Mm-hmm. So man, it's just a sad loss to commute. Like I said, stay away from the most things that I'll cause. Okay, pal, hang in there. So it's great loss to the community. See, I'm, I'm concerned now. In that particular case, you got people irresponsible on both sides. What I get real nervous about is like one car. They're drinking and the smoking or whatever they're doing in the one car and stone out of their mind into responsible. And then some poor bastard is just going through the intersection or making a turn like that thing we had in South ADS today to see that one. Happens to be in a wrong place at the wrong time. Oh, oh, dead. Or maybe Maine for life. That's what I get real upset about. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Let's hear from somebody in this audience who doesn't know who Jan and Dean is and doesn't want to know that's what we're going to hear. Oh! Here's a mobile and Cooper city, hello. Hey, Neil, born in 1970. Don't care about Jan and Dean. Good. That was quick service. I can't do that. I can't go see a movie because it gave me a headache. What kind of push push did you got call on this show, Neil? Meaning what? Meaning if you can't handle seeing a goddamn movie. Stay at home, what the hell, man? I don't know about you, but when I go to a movie, I don't want to see the picture like shaking all over the place. I want to sit there and be able to watch it without getting a headache. Yeah, that's true. But I mean, that's a little bit of an exaggeration to fact that the entire movie was shaking all over the place. What percentage did the movie would you say it was? What percentage? Yeah. During most of the during the parts where they were running, which was, oh, no, they hardly ever really ran. They just kind of like, you know, we're all going to do around you. Yeah, you know. Well, is that true? How long is that movie by now and a half? Probably, yeah. And you want to see a bunch of kids in the woods walk around around for an hour and a half saying, oh, my God, there's a bunch of rocks over there. Well, I can't keep spinning around like a drill. I guess the point was that you just go to show you that you don't need to be like a mega million dollar studio to put out a interesting flick. No, it was, it was the first of all. It wasn't interesting based on everybody I've talked to. And number two, it goes to show you that hype can sell any crap that you come out with. That's what it shows. Let's do that now. See, yeah. Yeah, it's too bad that I want to agree with the appell. See, you're the one that's just going along with what everybody is saying all these experts. All the Hollywood moguls are having a number of spraked up because this movie is grossed 80 million dollars and it was made with a $50 budget. And yada yada yada yada yada. And because a lot of idiots out there because it became a cult thing, you know. And a lot of things that become a cult thing are swirl, are garbage, okay? I'll give you a perfect example. Anybody seen the Rocky Horror Picture Show lately? I mean, that was fun the first 600 times, okay? And throwing a bunch of crap at the screen. And of course, when you come up with a movie like that, you deserve that a bunch of crap throwing at the screen. That's all that movie was good for. We're throwing a bunch of rotten food if you part of the expression at the screen. And most of the people in the audience were a bunch of rotten food. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one. By the way, look what I look out for those runaway essence, okay? That's the best giveaway, okay? When somebody starts to speak with those two bad JP8, here he does a better than anybody I know. And the essence too. This play like man and they look like women. If you bad, if you bad, if you bad, if you bad, if you bad, if you bad, if you bad, if you bad, if you like get whoever comes home, must be in the garlic to live on it. And if you have to get yourself a little closer, will we be not completely brain-wrosed up? And you're a dragon with a big bad invisible planet and you didn't do nothing about it. You're a blind. You're not me, yo, but man and I don't judge, you've got to find yourself a lead to a bushing or a mouthwash, rep it. And a good friend. When you start to talk and everybody left, tap and take the fan. Better take action on your own, or the best. The order right you mouth or a loon should friend. Come 30 to five, 60 to WQ. We don't have time for this show now. We're watching Global Groove on MTV and they got busy. A lot of people on there, huh, on the beach. They got busy busy people doing busy things on the beach and we're busy watching it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. As made it's would say, here's a pepper pine, till I'll be. Yo, yes sir. Good afternoon. When is starting to? When I got this. To guide a call about the 10, 20 life is wrong. Yeah. If you caught with a gun, that'll be not the 10, 20 life it doesn't apply. If you use a gun in a crime. In a commission of a crime. Right, exactly what I've had is. So if the guy is worried about getting caught. Oh, alright. If you're caught, if that applies to the, are they capable of plea bargaining out of that or is that odd matter? Of course. Of course. Because you know, they don't have to re-torch the call. We have no much law in this state that's really automatic. They tell you, oh, yeah, it's automatic. You've done it and then they plea bargaining it away anyway. They never serve more than six months. The only thing mandatory is the drug loss. Yeah. I got a friend that's in jail for 10 years. I caught with a sheet of assets. 10 years they gave. Yeah. And he's he a mandatory. What a house. She said is. mandatory sentence 85% of that. So he's got a survey in the half of years. Also, I got sick and Blair which don't see it. Okay, later. Thanks. See, there's another guy that says, Blair Witch Project. This is cheating. Wasn't that one of Jan and Dean's big hits, I think. Wasn't that too exciting? Yeah. Oh, oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We took a poll here. We talked to 170, 2000 people about the Blair Bitch Project. And they all said, save your money, honey. Don't waste your time. It's crap. It's direct. Every single one of them said that except some of the young suits who think that it's cool and hip to say, oh, yeah, man. That was really great. That was scary. That was really scary. The only thing that's scary to me is that anybody were wasted or money is going to see it. That's scary. Here's my email. Hey, Nia, how you doing? Okay, sir. I bet it doesn't even seem to be a show for about three years now. Yes. And I didn't see you for two reasons. Yeah. Number one, because I agree with 95% of the things that you say, and number two, your funny as hell. Yes. And one of the things that I don't agree with you with the religion topic. Yeah. I'm a step at the event of this Christian. Oh, I know you're an atheist, right? Yes. And the only thing I really don't agree is that I don't know why you put down a bad enough people that believe in Jesus Christ. When you know, I wouldn't even mind you having you over in my home for dinner. Yeah. And you know, I would have been. When did I ever do that? I never, I never said you can't believe in whatever. I always say you believe in whatever furry tells you want. Just don't use it as a weapon against other people. That's exactly what I'm saying. That's exactly what I'm saying. I wouldn't bad. I would have been like those people in Ireland with those Madeline long reads that they had on 60 minutes last night where they sent all those hundreds of thousands of women away because they were thinking about having sex or maybe they did it all around one time. And they sent them away and they found all those bodies buried. I wouldn't judge you or condemn you to help with being an atheist. I would just try to, I respect everybody's opinion. You know, and if you're opinion is being a atheist. What do you mean you respect if you, if there's a difference between my respecting you're right to have an opinion, I'm respecting what that opinion is. Exactly. You know, I wouldn't badmoth you or send you to help with being an atheist. Yeah. You know, and you know, you can't send me to hell. I'm already there. No, you don't have to say that. I'm in Florida. Oh, okay. That, okay. That's one of the 90% things that I agree with. I work for Greg Reed. I'm already there. All right. Anyway, you know, have a good day. I work for a man, Dumberton, Sawdust. Yes. Have a good day and keep going to the good job, Neil. Okay. God bless you, sir. All right. Okay. I've always said that. Believe it or whatever bubble might see you want. Just leave everybody else alone. That's all there is. Simple as that. Do not harm. Leave everybody else alone. Believe in little green goblins on the goddamn moon. Whatever you want. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to notice every single one of these web hates sites. It's the church of this and the world church of that, etc. And so on. They need you a little more dangerous than most of your so-called mainstream religions. But at least they're a little bit more forthcoming about where they're coming from. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and open park. Hello. Yes, sir. Sound like you. No, no, no, no. I'm on a paper. Here's a paper on an open park. Let's say that. I got a job this morning, but I was in the clock. It was in the first place. You come on at 10, 10, 35. I get a police pull up. Tell me I got to turn you off. Not down. All along. All the machines I'm using. They don't hear that. They just hear you. I got to turn you off. We're in a police station. So I can't hear you today. But so I finished the job. I guess I could turn you back on when I get on the road. I just figured I'd let you know that in passing. I had to turn you off. Thanks for the good news. All right. Okay. Well, he's hanging around with a lot of wrong porters. I'll tell you that. Most of the porters love this show, baby. They love me. And of course, the ones that don't look out. 560, 560, 560. I'm just in a bad mood because I said that they got the impot police need mental help. And they know that they're not the ones you make the goddamn laws. They're not the ones that make policy. Oh, two more cops. By the way, do you see that on a cocaine deal? A big drug ring they had in mind. She didn't mess around with stuff like marijuana. That's small potatoes. It's like Frankie Pintangeli. They don't muck around with small potatoes. They go for the big stuff, the white powder. Here's another bulletin. We got more Cubans that drifted around out there at sea. There's another bulletin for you. Here's a mobile in the game. Hello. A nail. No problem. First of all, how come a cop the Blair Witch project? 60,000 bucks to make a home movie? Yeah. That's a good point. I don't crash. I think most people can make a home movie to the cost of the film. Yeah, for three cameras that have 500 bucks each, you know, and some film, pay kids 100 bucks to live in a wood for a week. That's like a $2,000 budget. I've been in my image for five years. I'm happy to say I'm moving out. All right. Yeah, going to go and back home to California. Oh. So, uh, I don't want to eat and the immigrants, the whole deal. Have it to get back to back to the USA. Okay. Well, so I had a fill for us. Are you sure? Absolutely. Okay. I've got another guy bailing out of this. God for second place. Yeah. That's one of those things we're stuck here. We got to make the most of it until we can get out. Counting the days, marking those days off on our website. Nice going by the way, Eric. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. I mean, you can dilute yourself. I saw some stupid letter at the end of the other day about Carl Heisen and the iguanas. What happened to that poor guy that was chasing the iguana in that lake? You see that? Dead. There's a message for all your kids out there. If you're seeing iguana in the middle of a lake, no matter how much you love animals, don't be chasing in a guana in the lake. Not worth risking your life for an iguana. Ah, Carl Heisen says, if it was a manatee, then you might want to think about jumping in. In fact, better yet, leave the damn entity alone, Carl. How's that sound? That okay. Oh, yeah. So the poll continues and virtually unanimous the Blair Witch Project, a real piece of trap. Anybody who's want to be honest will tell you that. And of course the people who want to be like in and hip and cool, etc. So I'll say, oh no man, you're wrong. It was great. Yeah. Yeah. God. I still think I got my roar. Allergie. This is the meal Roger cell. Oh, God. This is your brain. Any questions? No. There's a new movie called America Pie. But for group 15, it's gonna be a new sex roll down the ice. They make up, act to drag the still out of me. It's 90 minutes of absurdity. Pre-tube back to shot the chest new routine. All right. Little bad cam girl with her magic flute. The hot jet girl is her birthday soon. Bottom up, the first the beer goes down the shoe. How young is she? That's in the car. It's girl. Well it works. All fins look like such a jerk. You know, grab the apple pie. And goes through the urge. It is one roasting after another. Work work. We do use these fiddlers. We make fins big grins. She's in this drop in bed. They all can't believe in some stream. It's 95 percent of steam. Me, you will wonder why. They didn't call it half of time. It's not so money. It's too right. I think you're the American Pines. It's moving to 30. She's here. Will not be alive. The only teens on party after the prom. All the kids think this movie is the bomb. All right. We get into the cold and time. But 44 at 5.50 W to Q AM. What's that called American Fly? And by the way, speaking of people who belong behind bars for a long time, whoever invented the button fly, that person should be put away for a very long time. 5.607. What? Don't like button flies. Huh? It's an impediment man. I don't prefer them. I hate them. Dispies them. Or you didn't see Tom Green last week, or he's doing the thing with the zipper. He didn't see that? No. There's nothing like a zipper, maybe. 5.607.05.60. 5.60 on a mobile one line. Here's my knee beat. I need to go to Blair, which project last night. I've got to tell you it made me and my wife physically ill. I've got to tell you I wished they sold drama mean at the popcorn counter. Huh? That's how bad it was. The handheld camera business for 90 minutes. It was just terrible. My kids who saw it in New York. They said it the same reaction. I mean it made us physically ill. We had a sit-in or some sat-up. They'll lend it to get a jump-up. And I'm not kidding you. The only movie in history, I got to accept the excesses where they gave people a poop bag when they came into the... You should've, I'm telling you, they should've sold drama mean at the popcorn counter. Yeah. Was that bad? Excellent. That was... Anyone who saw the phone said they got to tell you. I was a reaction. I had and my kids in New York, obviously a generation younger than I, had the same reaction both of them. And we should've taken their advice. Don't see it. There you go. It was the only, I learned a hard way. I learned for yourself. Oh boy, you're right. It's terrible. It was the only movie that we could make at the time we were out. So we figured, okay, let's give it a shot. And it was... It was... North-eating. I'm not sure. It's a physically North-eating. Not because of the content. Yeah. But the story. But because of the way... The kid was in there. The photograph and shot. I can't believe that. I think the kid's in there. Okay, thank you very much. I'm going to do a good news. And don't do it again. Right. Five, six, seven. So there you go. As the beat goes on, maybe for the Blair Witch project, as we continue on masking the bullcrap. You know, I've told you this before. Most of life is artificial. It's synthetic. It's hype. It's bullcrap. Don't get sucked into the hype. One thing to get sucked in. But don't get sucked into the hype. Five, six, seven, five, six. The pound, five, six. The unimobile one line. If you saw it and you liked it, we're doing it to call it and try to justify your crappy taste. And you're probably like vanilla ice cream too. See, there were kids puking at the exercises. But the exercises was a great movie. That's the difference. And the exercises was really scary. Unlike this piece of crap. But a bunch of, again, no, I didn't see them. We've got a serious, I'll saw enough clips for crying out loud. The exercises. In fact, that's what they ought to do. They're at a force on these kids. They went so that like the Blair Witch project, they won't see a free screening of the exercises again. And you'll see what a real horror movie is all about. Here's a mobile and north-lautardale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time, Mr. The Blair Witch project? Yes. Zero. What a bummer. A big, a- Oh, man, it was horrible. Yeah. There's a total left-down. Yeah. Okay, I'm glad you liked it. Thank you. There's a guy said it sucked. There's another one. How do you like that? You're getting something they can think they're teeth into because it bites the Blair Witch project. One of the worst pieces of crap. Any pseudo intellectuals that get on the media, there are national television, and are going on and on and on. Having a big circle, jerk. About, oh, gee, this is great. They should teach a lesson. They'll always be highly of producers. spend in their millions and millions for the big stars. Okay. I guess what movie I watched almost in its entirety again last night, as much as I despise Oliver Stone. And you know something? Every now and then, I'll get a mental block over somebody's name. And there's always a reason. And you know, and others will come as a shock to you because he's very, very famous. I can't stand him. The actor that's in the movie from the untouchables and the field of dreams and JFK. And you know, I can't think of his name. Give me a clue. What? Okay. Okay. Very grim. Okay. Awesome. Oh, geez. Now you see why I had a mental block. Kevin Costner. I mean, I know what like I know where my thumb is. Am I left hand. But for some reason, I just have a mental blind. And during the course of the movie, I kept thinking, what is his name? I mean, I'm a, and I can, my memory isn't going. Maybe I can think of horse races from 35 years ago. That's always the test. Here comes Bucky Dale on the outside with Francis, so here, I'd go on Francis. But anyway, JFK and I watched it again last night. And I don't know. If I get actually, I liked it better this time. Even though that part was your dish was horrible. I was a, and we said, this girl, but that's what they did. It was horrible. Still haven't seen more on the floor than you lie though. And then of course, the thing with the, what was his name? The, with the bad hair, play Shaw. Was that David Lee Schwartz that played the Clay Shaw? Yes. James Roolish Worts. Yeah, Tommy Lee Schwartz. But at any rate, yeah, the, you know, a little bit too, a few, you know, he's going to go home and mix some A2, What ever the hell I was, you know? A little bit too faggy for even me. But, well, the fact that it must be, you know, that Lee Harvey Oswald Schwartz. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hi, New York. How you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, New York, I have a couple of points. First, this one drugs is ridiculous. The one drugs that this country is perpetrating. The Warren Commission, all the Warren drugs, yeah. Yeah, I mean, their other doing is they're making the Southern American countries for, and like, for example, in Colombia, all this people, the highest per capita murders per capita kidnapping, horrible. And this hypocrite, do you hear what happened down there? The, the, the wife of the colonel of the embassy on the American colonel was being co-opped here. They were doing what? Yeah, they were shipping coke up here. Yeah. How much a hypocrite? And the second point. I prefer Pepsi, my saw. And yeah, yeah, second point. And, this Cuban, I don't understand. They're, they're coming over here. They're coming over here. Nobody knows Pepsi up there, knows. Anyway, go ahead. Yeah, Cubans, yeah, these damn Cubans. The damn Cubans are damn straight enough. These, the, the Anna Pickers, yeah. Yeah, they're, they're, they're coming over here. They're coming over here. They're making the, these flesh eating. Exactly, exactly. They're coming over here every day. They're getting dropped up to under your term, the coast. Yeah. Yeah. And that was it. I think, I think you just got hijacked by a Cuban. Rust by Bob Green, because he said something bad about the coast. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on a mobile one line. What time was he talking about? Don't start with the Cubans again. They just because George came back today. Don't start with the Cubans. Here's Miami, hello. You might have wrong line. I must be. Here's Miami over here. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I'm one of your superstars. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Excellent. I want to say how to my girlfriend. She's listening to you and she's in Gibraltar. She's listening on the internet. Yep. In Gibraltar? Gibraltar. Wow. A real country where nobody owned guns. Right. Not a me. All right. Keep it up. She's between Iraq and the hard place. Yes. That's right. My rock. Okay. You wish. He sent it to her by long distance. Score scored over the internet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line on a really tumultuous Monday. Anybody believe that? No. I'm so glad that I saved the 5, 6 bucks. Not that I can't afford the 5, 6 bucks. But I just did not interest in getting vertical. See in a movie with a bunch of horrendous. I remember when they did that on the news. It's got to be years like 10 years ago. They started doing that. It lasted about a week. And the viewer complaints were so great. And everybody was going, why are they doing this? What is wrong with these people? We know they're crazy, but are they doing this with the shake rattle and roll on the God damn news? I think it was channel 4. I think they would have ones that were doing it. Right. The number of dinner. Nothing like turn on the TV news. And they got the shaky cam on there. I did like shaky speech about. I love shaky. Not as good as Godfather. You know, I don't care what anybody says. That was the best pizza that we ever had in South Florida. Was Godfather's. And the people here have got such crappy crappy taste that they went out of business here. Now they're hitting court in Omaha and I think they're still around. I do believe. I think. And some of the people like my old friend, Havier, how's my buddy, Havier from W.S. News Days who introduced me to Godfather's. Down there on candle on sunset drive. Anybody remember that? I bet you do. I remember Havier. Hmm. God. Oh yeah. I long for his pepperoni every day of my life. Havier. One of your people, I think. But they had a little problem with that family. You know, I think I had a little other nose out of join or something like that. But nevertheless, that was such a great place. Godfather's. Were that deep. Were that real. Oh, God was that good. The cheese on top. And they had the Mexican one. That was my favorite. The real spicy one. Hmm. And the pizza too. Ah, you can't live in a past. You got to move forward. You know, there are all these good things and the good things go the way at the wind and the crap. The crap. You know, McDonald's. They keep hitting bigger and bigger and bigger. More and more schmucks keep taking care of kids and McDonald's. And even I go there and Amsterdam because the rest of the food they're sucks. But the good stuff like like wavs. Wavs. WV was there was a hamburger chain that was a thousand times better than McDonald's. It was even better than Wendy's, which are like Wendy's. They had the best onion rings in the history of the human race at Wavs. And guess what they're gone. And they said, well, they tried to expand to fact. They should have been able to expand. That's because they were great. Wavs was sensational. Not good. It was great. And it's gone. Because the public out there, their taste is in there. That's the problem. Everything tastes like a penny to them. Here's a mobile and cruel spring, silo. Hi, Niam. How are you? Okay. Good. I'm a really lady from high Louisville for you. I was on 95 draft week. Oh, exactly. This woman was in front of me doing about. I would say 38 miles an hour in the last night. And the left hand is passing laying on the other stadium. Absolutely. And you know, right when I'm just ready to. To bring in her. Along comes a brow chair on a bike. Cut right in front of her sticks is right on out and points. It's hard to get the hot away. Really? Yeah. All right. Let's go for a quirkers. That's the first. Exactly. No ticket. But how is he got out of there? I was so excited. Beauty. I love it. I had to give you that little tip that an closing goes. All right. And God bless him. Whoever that porker is out there. Nice job, sir. God forbid you should give a ticket to one of those old fossils. But at least get him the hell out of the way. That's the thing to do next time you see that happen. You just open up the window in your screen. Get out of the way. You old fart. You old fossil. Get out of my way. You disgusting old piece of turd. I'll tell him I get excited about it. And where the hell's my pen? Oh, thank God. I get so insecure in service when I lose my pen. 256 at 56 to WQAM. Well, you know, you got to have something firm in your hand at all times. Like maybe one of those great stokees from next to gars. I can see you again. My happy, going to the day. It's not just the one to two hour. It's the phenomenon. It's the door. Look, the organ. What's the cellist? All through the same people's chapter name. There you are. There's a peculiarly. That's a family. I need a single cellar. And there is a remark in the song. There is a remark in the song. There is a remark in the song. Where the whole field on the hall. And when Billy is a nasty boy. When he really bathed, he'll just put your wife off. And now just a letter in. There you are. There you are. We know nothing that got to do. That's not what it is. It's not that damn slippery. And everybody can walk in. Hey. I'm like, you should have something. Well, hell yes, I'm like. I'm like, you should have all your time doing. And all of you should have. Well, say hello. You know. I'm like, care of things. Like, care of business. I'm a big deal plan, man. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, sorry, oh oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh oh oh, oh, I, oh oh ah oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh, oh oh oh oh wow, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh, oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh don't you do you stay longer man you do just just a little bit. What about? What about? What about? What about? Not want to treat incredible light of your strength. I'm a son, set more. I mean, these people are so slow, you know? Luis Miguel's voice is magical. Is that something new? No. How many years have I been telling the public that? Greatest voice in the world. I don't care what you say by the way, Mr. Greatest voice in the history of the human race. Luis Miguel. He's no Olympic biscuit, but, and by the way, they suck. Here's a mobile in Kendall, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You brought this up about an hour ago, but I just got to a phone. You've got to have you. Whenever. The wind's sure is dead. Yeah. The wind's sure is restaurant is still in business and still very good. Oh, right. His son Hans runs it now. Hans. Hans, you're right. He says you've even enjoyed the rills. Great restaurant. Yeah. I used to do a show out of the restaurant in Marshall. You were a luncheon at Schubert's. Right. I was there that I'm from Marshall. WALM and LB and Michigan. That I'm R.R. And Marshall, those are the days, baby. For about 75 bucks a week. Right. That's in the 19, not late 50s, early 60s. I was there in 64, I believe. Right. I went to Michigan State graduate in 62. All right. Okay. I'm going to be. He's your home in. All right. I'm going to go back to MSU. I'm going to go back and live in the dorm for a couple of years. I had a listen. I mean, if I knew that all of the honestly, they had so many ugly guys in that dorm. I think back at those in high school, I had great looking guys in candidate with New York. But in college, Jesus, guy with the ugly. Huh? Oh, yeah. They were really ugly in my dorm. Maybe what made it didn't tell me was just a dorm for the ugly guys. Because I know West draw. That was the dorm for the jocks. We know everybody ever went to see. I was confused because I thought that in my dorm was the moment. Nobody should go to class. So I didn't bother. Why Sean? I wanted to go to class. They also didn't buy any textbooks. How many textbooks you need for basketball evening and when surfing? Here's the mobile in Davy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to know. I'll tell you a funny story about the Blair Witch Project. Yes. A couple of weeks ago, me and my buddy's wet knee. How can he Chinese food at this place in North Miami? And we then we flew down. Well, Charles, yeah. I was ridiculous. Then we flew down to the movie team. We got there late to move only one, two seats left in the front row. We're sitting in the front row full of Chinese food and then the way that's in the cell. We need to say my buddy got up and ran out and vomit it all over the bathroom. And it made me sick as well. We really enjoyed the movie. But I just want to tell you, listeners, don't eat all you can eat. Guys, it's the first. And then it's just a part of that of my ambient watch. Because you're looking for a top top 9. I thought it was better than like in the middle though. Wow, I mean, there was no one else for us to sit and we didn't think it was going to be a big deal until we saw how the movie was followed with the camera and shot. And, uh, shut up. Waffle heated and vomit on me. Have a great day. I had a good time. Okay. The least Miguel's voice is magical. So it says that bet cleaner. Nothing could be needed. Then a late name cleaner from North Burgundy, Jersey. I'll say that for tomorrow. We'll go into that. Hey, listen, look what I hit. We had with Jan and Dean today. Oh, that was big. I was gigantic. Even it listed it not one but two hostile factions from the same jackass out there. It's got a Jan very blow up though. I sure hope it looks like the Jan very before the accident. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. It's me. I'm a, hey, my wife said I was a chronic because I talked to more than three times in five years. I don't think so. Okay. They have been Tampa a few weeks ago. I had the afternoon off and they got this really neat little theater. A mill of downtown. For example. Yeah. And it was, there's a big mark. Keys sign outside said, Buster Keaton film festival. I thought, well, that's something to do on a Saturday afternoon. It's like over there. It's so nice to go. And I'd buy a ticket and it turns out it's the Blair Witch thing. I didn't know anything about Blair Witch. Yeah. So I didn't give, you know, I wasn't all excited about seeing it. I didn't know what it was. So I go and watch it. And before 10 minutes is up. I was thinking I was in the South Park movie the way they were using the F word so much. Yeah. And that must be why everybody liked it so much. There was an F word in there. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's like, you know, like the Serenap talk and F this up that. Yeah. And by the time the witch came on, I was hoping to kill all of them. Oh, Jesus, how you f***ing carrying me? Ha ha ha ha. They're really stunk though. That was one of the worst movies and all the, the no-spicken Tampa guys. They kind of have a movie said that's a terrible movie. Of course they even even the most picker's hated audio like that. I know, I was bad. Hey, one more thing I want to tell my buddy Bruce Raver. He's a ping pong, clandish bag. Okay. And have a great day. Don't do it again. Even in Tampa, they hated it. Oh, it was poison. 560, 50560, pond 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. How you feeling today? Pretty good. I only picked up about an hour ago. Mr. Friday. I don't know if you were home Saturday, but the head of the head. Yes, I was. Yes, I was. This was the most boring weekend of my life. Well, my wife was watching TV with the kids and there were on Disney to head some special. It's a backstreet boy. Right. They're on for like two hours. My wife died. Who are these guys? She's she fell in love with them. You're like, they're like, why said who are these guys? Yeah, where's she hiding these days? What kind of a clown is hiding them all? But the bank she worked at. Okay. So. And when you talk about Godfather's pizza, do you know how these new gas stations are putting in like McDonald's and all that kind of stuff with them now? And Taco Bells. There's one in Stewart that I go by. It's Godfather's pizza. There's a Godfather's in Stewart. Yeah, it's a Godfather's pizza in a half gas station. It's a brand new place to open up. Yeah. I pick up a pizza, but if you call this hell about it, it's not my Godfather yet. Yeah. Yeah. It's a was great. And quote the deal. Have a great day. Okay, thanks. But now you're laughing. You're laughing. You just don't believe anything. You're laughing. Well, it is done a little unusual. Test gas. And yeah. If Godfather's don't keep it the gas, the guy outside will. It does seem a little bit bizarre. Maybe a hobby or a thing and I don't appear in Stewart. You know, maybe he's on a run. Maybe he's just got on the run. Those are the days, baby. The W. News days. Harvey here. Oh, boy. I can't remember him now. That's sad. Can't live in the past where you got to move on to, you know, like people say, Bigger and better things. New meat. So here's the facts from Mike and Naples. This is our flip past that you're last night. So I'm Jan Dougley mug. Oh, wait a minute. God, Jan Dougley mug. It was waiting for the belt out. Tipped out through the tool of the looks like Heidi Tim and Carnan. Whoever's planning to do it, we can go ahead and specify a closed past now that they have any respect for either of the two people who have been and his bubble drum crats. Thank you, Mike and Naples. Great. First the pick is top to base. What's up, Mr. You can. Oh, God. I'm never going to be covered from that. It was a you you can't. I'm sure you can't imagine in your wildest dreams. How anybody can go from like the age 25 to 59 and look like that. Look like that. Like Fred like Fred or said, you can't come to Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that. Just like he said, those two works like that. And you think of Jan Barry looking like that. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello. Welcome. Yes sir. Good afternoon. When is to you? This this weekend. I was on the road and I had the unfortunate experience of tuning into Joey's a gacky. Oh. And you live to tell about him. I'm surprised you didn't follow me. I was going to say that was going to suit you. I am with that happened. This Thursday 2 to 430. Jack the gacky will be sucking his brains out right here on the air. We're pretty embarrassed about it. Yes. That's the warning. Not a promotion. Even Bluff came in here and apologized. You said we couldn't possibly get anybody else. You said we're sorry, but get off you stuff. Yeah. What I thought I'd try and do my fair shot. And after listening to it for about a half an hour, I came up with the following hypothesis. Yes. If you need a list, a big list of every activity you could do on planet earth. Yes. I don't think that you could find anything. Anyone of those activities that's more boring than listening to Joe's gacky. Correct. I'm so interested in the correct. Before I go, yes. Instead of calling someone to do Spag, I would like to point out someone who probably needs to do Spag. That lady fell asleep and pissed you off. Which one? The lady still is? Yeah. The lady was screaming in the parking lot that one day. Oh, our fellow, you mean the water not to you. Yeah. She probably said that. She's doing a small potato. She did me. Okay. Thank you, sir. That's the water not to you. Whatever you say, sweetheart. Another one of Greg's girlfriend's here. Greg and his boyfriend's in girlfriend's is a little intercircle of playmates. Greg's kindergarten. That's what we'll call it. Welcome to Greg's kindergarten. You heard a written Mr. Rogers neighborhood. This is Greg's kindergarten. Sam the sham, Lou N. The water not to you and Greg. So, nephew. And I guess, roar. Just by association. Or because he's got a big. Here's a lot of hell. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Neil, it's going. My name's Ian. First time calling. Yes, sir. Listen occasionally to your show. And I was just saying, how's your take on Joe's sucking a khaki? Yeah. Well, I was just wondering why they put Jim Manage on it. All right. And it's his other town. Oh, man. You think that we would put Joe's a gacky on unless we were absolutely backed up against the wall. Unless they were, they checked. They went through the phone book. They tried just names out of the phone book and everybody they called said, Oh, can't do it. And have a great day. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. All we want to say is, Okay. Not too good. Try it again. Okay. No. Okay. Where we going? I just want to emphasize, just in case you missed out. Don't forget Thursday, 2 to 430, block those 2 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 2 3. Wait, can you see your numbers on that day, homperoth? You'll be sorry that you let Joe get those naked pictures. Are you with that Billy goat? God. Kenneth Moshmachio, Michael Mayo or Joseph Ackie. That's our pool question today. Which one is the most talented? The most exciting. And did Michael Mayo take one sentence from that rambling bunch of crap in his morning's paper to apologize to make his retraction today. Howlver stand? No. Absolutely positively. No. Scumbag. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hello? Yes? No. No. This is a lady. This is some little kid, yes sir? I'm from. Yes. Screw this. Screw you. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T. You're going to see if nothing like what a parent calls in and puts their little punky kid on the... But the good news is the kids will be back in school real soon. That's right. Well, I want to tell you what's again. By the way, I am. I don't want to sound like I'm petting myself on the back. Because this isn't really a great accomplishment after 23 years on a year here. I am such a star at publics of the saw grass, you know? Any place else like, uh, not too big. But I'm telling you at that publics are winning their last night to get a couple of things. And I had to change underwear four times before I even went through the checkout. And I only got like four items, you know? I want to the express checkout and I still had to change underwear 18 times before they let me out of there. Everybody was just tinkled. I think my whole audience was in there. All 10 of them. Just peeing all over me. I can't say that. Just the... Squared squirt all over. Why do I wear a handker? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? Well, when you fall out from that street. Vacers street, out from originally okay, terrorists, and then, um, a Marina Drive and Brighton. Oh, I know where they're going. Right off, uh, like, Monroe Avenue, when they're there. Oh, sure. Yeah. I know where they're. Uh-huh. I got the 12 corners there. Uh-huh. Right by Brighton Elementary by Don and Bob's. I know where they're going. That'll be so great. Yeah. Used to be. Used to be. Anyways, do you want me to bring you some real white hot pack? No, what, Wayne Arnold's got all the white hot sweet can handle. Oh, they do. Yeah, right on. I think they fit the North 441. I did that. Can bring you. No, I don't think so. All right. A couple of snowballs. Okay. Have a good time. Bye. Say hi to our buddies and Vicketerves, bring back a garbage plate. We're just bring back some garbage. 5, 6, 7. I see Book of Rions here now. So we're going to be even more depressed. What's that? Oh, Brittany. I thought he would have brought in some Jan and Dean stuff. Being the great to all these expert that he is. He's probably to the press. Did you see that thing, by the way? The Vietha, he's seen them all. But did you see the Jan and Dean won? Jan Berry looking like, oh, oh my God. It's terrifying. It's super fine. You look at it and say, wait a minute. And they put, you know, they super little thing on the screen. Like Jan Berry, like over the body, they're like, just in case you're not sure. Absolutely positive. This is him and you say, no, that can't be him. Impossible. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. 30 minutes and 59 seconds later, where they're going. Thank you. Here's Pablo Beach, hello. Pablo Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. God. Speaking. I can't believe I got on. Neil, God. I think we said I'm calling as you were talking about movies earlier. And I just joined in. I don't know probably half a hour ago. And I don't know if you saw it. I saw one a couple of weeks ago called American Pie. Yeah. Did you discuss that already? Yeah. We'd spent about an hour in there. I think it's going to be a classic movie. Anyway, I'm from the Detroit area. You're listening to Dick Curtain for years. Right. And it's my good boy. He's a guy up there. Everybody love Dick. Dick is a great. He is. It's a great guy. He calls this you all the time. Yeah. Anyway, I just wanted to say hi. I've come here to hurt from Dick in a long time. By the way, George, maybe not hanging out of the Santa Bay. Let me more. He doesn't know we can pick up the station on 770 on a west coast. Had it hurt from Dick in a couple of years. Is he still on every day after? Sorry, I know. He's been on a couple of different stations on some old FM oldies thing. I think. Yeah, yeah. That's the last time I heard him is on FM station. Yeah. But he's got more lives. I listened to him. I listened to him back. Got to be 20 years ago. Right. He heard 13 WSYZ. Yeah. He's great. Great. Listen to. Anyway, I wanted to mention American pie. Probably the funniest movie I've seen since, you know, like animal house or something like that. I'm going to be a classic. I'm going to go see it today's matter of fact. I'm going to go see it again. Really? It was that good. Yeah. That's good. I'm going to go see it again. Really? It was that good. I'm going to go see it again. Really? It was that good. Yeah. That was that good. I'm going to go see it again. I'm going to go see it again. Anyway, that would go see American pie twice. Must like this. Of course, you probably haven't seen that. So, again. A slick name dick. That's big now. And somebody actually gave it a good review of it. They got to play this in the, uh, who knows? Who knows? Who knows? Just a lot of desperate people. Definitely try to make a lot of big money because the public is bored as all get out. Just thought that I was stubborn. So, played. Squared Squared. Still need that you love my eye. Yeah, no. I don't get to keep on checking my eye. Don't play the good, I'm very cute. I check out my breath that's open on my lips. That is it. It comes on to me. And it's a thing from my head. And it's a song of a, uh, but if you wanna do it, you know. That thing is about me. Don't think you're not. How young is too young. I'm young. I'm young. And I'm too young. You're sure that you're young. All right. So, you could go to jail. That's a thing you want me. Get up, please. You're under the frame of me. She was 25 but she's just a few. Don't think you're not. I'm a man of free. Very cool, but I'm a man of free. I'm a top-up victim. Because I'll have to tell things. Don't know my gut. She's a very good man. And I thought you think we're all in there. Oh, my shoulders. She's a very good man. She's a good man. She's a good man of free. And I'm a man of free. And I'm a good man of free. She's a good man of free. She's a good man of free. She's a good man of free. Well, the speakerphone sagged. You don't want to just threaten you. You want to give it out right now. Oh, look at that. How many times did they call 100? Yeah, well, let's give it out. Speakerphone sagged. I want to talk to the audience. What's your number? 305. Yeah. 272. 272. 272. 272. 275. What? 325. 60. 60. 60. 18. Where is line? Here's Hi, Leo. Hello. Perfect timing. The minute I get on the phone, so we'll watch from the door. Anyway, the work for God's hearts. Are you serious? Oh, yeah, about five years, five six years, right before they went out of business. The reason they went out of business wasn't because that allows you product. The reason why not a business, they try to get in the competition with pan, pan, pan, pizza product that pizza had at the moment. And they sunk hundreds of thousands of dollars worth. And the guy who owned a franchise right down here was Jerry, Jerry's, Jerry's, Husky. Right. When I noticed, he just couldn't handle it. They only raised the price by about a dollar. They couldn't handle it. Their pizza was 10,000 times better than the other. They didn't want to have it. When they tried to compete with the pan product, they're thinning crispy, which was the bread and butter. It was excellent. And you're right. There was nothing like to Godfather's pizza. When he used to work back there on the top of the way. They had a thinning crispy. Yeah, that's what they used to sell. It was a thinned, it was made in the same pan that the pan pizza had used for their thin product. They didn't call it thinned crispy. No, I don't remember that. We never had that. Oh, that's what they sold. That's what they sold. They were thinned product, hands down, that's what they sold. Maybe later on, but in the beginning, they never sold that. Are they only sold one kind of, it was deep dish? Not here. Here was all the time. Probably in the beginning when they first started. Oh, I guess maybe I've noticed, but not that here. No, no, I'm talking about here. Here? No, I don't. Candle. Really? I used to go there all the time. Oh, man, I don't remember what I worked for. Well, I was a lot more than five years ago. She said that this, this, this, this, this. Oh, no, what five years ago? When I worked for that was many, many years ago. Yeah. Way back. And then I went to work for pizza for about eight, eight years or so. Yeah. I got to know your buddy Red there. Oh, yeah, Red is a great guy. He's a Zoltam Spodler in law by the way. He works in our sales department. Yeah, he's a great guy. He's a good guy. All right. Well, I thought. Okay. Thanks. Okay. You know, I think I'm going to be pizza anybody. No. No. You do? Towards the end. Oh, yes. Let's try to tell this guy. Toward the end. That's probably where they made a mistake. If they wanted to compete with a thin and crispy from a pizza hut. They're, they're bread and butter was not thin and crispy. There were their whole thing in the beginning. They only had one kind. And that was the thick deep dish. Oh, my God. Was it good? It was great. The best. And now we got, you know, I, I want to hear the little thing about pizza. The pizza down here, you know, the hotels here. We got our buddy bread over there at Tony's in the course. There's Jeff and pizza loft. That's a good old standby. But anyway, five, six, seven, five, sixty pound fine. Now I'm talking about like, you know, like dominoes. Home delivery stuff. Oh, my God. God. God. I'd rather eat cardboard would like a little sauce and cheese on dine dominoes. I don't want to, you know, start picking on our good friends and dominoes. Are they a sponsor on a station? Does anybody know? We don't know. I mean, that stuff, you've got to really be really desperate to get dominoes. Here's a payphone and Davy. Hello. Yeah, this is Charlie. I love your show. Yes. And now, every Sunday, let no dirty seat. It's the fireplace and listen and the NFF. That's the place and listen. I'd be there twice a week. So I'm one of the tables because if I pay tax to pay tax, then the tax station, if I represent. Right. That's true. I can't do that. Okay. Keep playing your seed man. Okay. It's good enough for the cops to do it. They're planting their seed. Mostly in those young prostitutes. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Whatever happened to Dave the cop either way, which he didn't hang on. He was on there before and I've been wondering where the hell he was in the middle of all his scandals. Let's go on. All maybe Davy's busy down there and candlelight himself. Never thought about that. Maybe he had to make a run. Here's Pembroke pine. Hello. He's done pretty good. You can laugh at me to show that some of the 20 and 3 of ever heard my life. Yeah. We're listening not to jump on a bag of sandwagonians. Roy. Joe's a jackie. It's one thing to put him on the radio so I can drive off the road to keep coma. But who is the decision was it to put this man on television? He looks like the poster boy for the special Olympics for God's sake. Yeah. That's right. When I ride mouth of a... He's got a lip from here to rear of the sky. My kids see, oh look the monkey man's on television. Ahaha. Oh my god. Yeah. Is it like a special hiring like you know for any cat people or something? Yeah. Yeah. We had to get our quote in you know. I can't call someone a douchebag. Yes sir. Mark? You're a douchebag. Okay. Just saying no to Joe. That's our model here at QM. Just saying to Joe. Well here's Dave the cop. Well that's your didn't take long talking about having a real real real life. How you doing now? What happened to you? Did you drop off? I'm not working there. I'm off today and I was in the cell. Well you do make the warm donuts come out or something? I don't eat donuts come on. Anyway not. Just a guy been waiting for last two months dear from you the story on when the when the the big stories going to blow. So to speak. I don't know. I don't know. I guess this is good as mine. Well you know what can I tell you about that? I was driving in highly. I live in highly and there's two who are going to warp speed drag racing. They just had a big article and today's Harold and naturally it's out of control with these people thinking it's Daytona. So I am poor. Anybody that catches up wouldn't have met the light if the driving recklessly pull them out of the car and take their car keys and put them in a mailbox or something. Right. And really out of control. It's getting to a point. What does that have to do with the prostitution ring that I asked you about that you were evading the question. I don't know what to tell you about that. But you should have some buddies that are banging over 16 year old six down in candle and highly. I mean highly is your neck of the woods. Well you know we got our Britney Spears posters. We don't need to be dealing with prostitution. Oh there you go. But anyway that movie I thought the movie was great. You're all talking about despite the wobbling there was some great feeling in there. I'm sorry that's the Paul Blair project. This we got it. Okay. All right buddy. Two weeks. Okay. I'm so glad that I called him. I hadn't called back. Not. But anyway he means well. Ever wonder what happens to four skins once they've been ripped. Well what's the clipping is done. Those incredibly strong little helmet covers are sent to the four skin factory where they're made into some of today's most innovative products. Here for instance we have a wall and while it looks like an ordinary wall just give it a quick rob and you have a briefcase. But that's not all. Just rub it a little while longer and you have a suit case. Our amazing technology allows us to make many fine force skin products for everyday use. Look at this watchband. A quick rob and you have a new belt. Finally our most amazing new product is this new car. Yes forced technology has come this far. This new car fits for comfortably. But what if the in laws are coming to visit? Just a quick rub down with warm big oil and you've got a full size van for more information on our incredible four skin products called 1 800 cold dip. Call within the next 10 minutes and receive a free pair of our one size fits all running shoes. Just rub it. Yeah. 17 till 2 at 5. 60 WM. So anyway we get a package here of FedEx from my good close personal friend John GOEA. I don't know how you pronounce it. GIO EI EI EI GIO EI. How would you pronounce that? GIO E whatever. GIO the hitman. Oh that's right. Wrong station. Sorry. What kind of name is that anyway? GIO the hitman. You know. Oh god. So anyway here's a letter. I'm dear Mr. Rogers. I have to many years of enjoying your program. I know what the response would be too but don't ever be able to get to it. They will discuss this tomorrow. Great line. It's an invitation for me and a guest I guess. And I'm not going to eat $100 worth of food. To the eat a dinner at the New York prime, which is all the way up there in Boka. First of all I wouldn't have any idea how to get there. Do you know what I'm saying? Crib and green bombs New York Prime are stay-cows. Finding a New York Prime is truly a dining experience that I'm sure you will certainly enjoy. Even in close to reviews. First Robert Toff. I'll remember Robert Toff used to be on with Sandy all the time. Remember him? Oh yeah. And it goes on and on who's the other review by? Oh the Palm Beach Post. Raving great reviews that go on and on an extraordinary spectacular 18 stars. Well thank you very much John and we'll be up there one of these days when he at least expected. Okay. And I'll say who the hell are you? Okay. Let's go to sunrise. Hello. Anyhow how's it going? Pretty good sir. Hey I just want to tell you something. Have you heard some of the other, I mean not me. What is it? What is it? Hanks, promos, that put the crown of light in a commercial. Some of his promos. You know the commercial they does for crown of light. The light spots. Do you ever heard any of them? Yeah. Like Chuck throwing everyone out the alcoholism. What's wrong with that? Oh yeah I heard him knocking that one that he was saying. Well that's the copy. That's the crappy copy we get around his place. And you're right. I know the one you're talking about. I can't wait to get a new one for him. Yeah. Why can't we get some new because we got the sales bits that's too worried about the disrupting the show and I worried about doing her job. Good points sir. Even a listener's no. I heard Hank carrying on like a child about that one day right on. Humber. Why don't you talk to him. I can't complain about the copy but get here because we don't get any. Like a John penis. You know you can come in here with your butchered up face John penis. So all you want to fact is are you going to give us any new copy? That's the point of these people doing their job. No. And we got a general manager walking around here with his finger in that deep hole in his head. Oh don't be picking on Sam and Roy and screw her. Yeah. Yeah. Like a child. A child with a play toy. That's what we got here at dangerous. A child with a play toy. It's like that eight year old girl that they had going up there on Jessica with a plane. She said. That's what happened when you put a guy like Greg Reed and tried to make your market radio station. The luckiest man on the face of the earth. There he is. He don't even know it. He's the luckiest man on the globe because what he knows about this business. You could put it in a symbol and have room for Roy's spectrums left over. Here's Western. Hello. Neil. How are you doing? Great. Listen. You're talking about the Godfather before. Yes. What's going on? I heard news about a fourth one coming. Ah. History of history. Mario Poosos dead and they said no way Jose. Real to cry. No way. Because Al Pacino started to look like okay. Thanks. 560, pound 560 on the 18T line. Hey, Tim Wright did it. The Al Pacino died in the third one. Okay sir. He died. Remember the little the food on the ground? Or was it the pair on the ground? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Here's the lady in Miami who set the phone down for some strange reason. Hey. Yeah. That's a little kick back. Oh, that's so stupid. A little kid again. How do you like that? As well as the same mother. The same bitch puts him on a phone again. You know what I think? I think now where was that call was for Miami? I thought for a minute, I might have been that the Sherry. You know, that bitch Sherry, the one I wanted to eat. Your free back sweet boy tickets. I talked about it the beginning of the show today. Yeah. So maybe it was that bitch. Who writes me this glowing. If you must have been getting the show the most embarrassing. I mean, suction, sucking and sucking and everything I like in your genius in your mouth. And then in the last paragraph, oh, can I get some of my back sweet boys tickets for her daughter and Punky Little niece in the answer is no. No. Boy, you got a nerve Sherry. Just like all the other way. I feel I want to extend my personal condolences to all the heterosexual men of South Florida. Because most of the women, 95% of women out there. Like I said, 99% of the women out there. I want, I want Guinea, Guinea, Guinea, Guinea. That's all they want. And what you want to give them, they don't want that. They want for free. That's all they want about your free loading torps. By the way, torps. Isn't that a great word for Joseph Gackie? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I was calling regarding a Godfather's pizza. Yes. I just moved here from Seattle and the Godfather's was the best pizza up there. All right. And the thin crust is the newest version. That's too bad. Deep vision was great. Oh, yeah. All right. Well, are not making that anymore? They are still in Seattle, yes. Yeah. But the pair we're not here. Yeah, Godfather's not here. They're like all the other good stuff. You can't find it here. This show was the only good thing you'll find in this town, man. Well, I've been here about a month now and so far I have to agree with you there. Just wait. Just wait another month or two. You'll be on the first bus. I'm a bit afraid to. Okay. Good luck, pal. All right. Thanks. There's a Godfather's report. You see, stuff that's good. All of it. We did finally get a steak in shake. Where was it in Boit and Beatrice somewhere? No. Was it? A couple weeks ago the guy called and said it was open somewhere up there too far for us. We're still waiting for the one out there. 136th of Panther Parkway and sunrise. Anybody seen that yet? No. If it's good, if it's a hit, if people all around the world like it, are we going to get it here? No. We got to wait because this is the last place that most businesses want to come to. Well, probably because we don't have a stadium in Broward. That would be the reason. Huh? Yeah. They just fill the new stadium and Seattle out there. Build the new stadium up there. They just open that one up. So that must be the reason they got a godfather. That's what the Sun sent us. It's going to be telling you next. If we get a new stadium, there'll be a steak in shake on every street corner. A godfather's pizza right behind every house. Yeah. You know, somebody needs to investigate and see what this scam is with a Sun sent on their Hearny-Eatic desire to force you taxpayers and Broward to cough up some money to build this billionaire god damn stadium. There has to be something more than meets the eye because they're psychotic about it. I must be crazy. I must be not all of the above. Tandy force that we got this nice certificate. I mean, I got this nice certificate from New York Prime up there in Boca, which is much too far for you guys to be driving. Huh? Well, maybe they'll invite you to come up there someday too. All I did love that great meal at Macaroni Grill, except for that's far to that was singing on the table. I mean, I'm serious. I'm dumbfounded. We just said they're like, uh, what's this? The lights go down. I'm thinking, geez, did they pay the goddamn bill. Greg Reed must be running this place. Didn't pay up the NL. The lights get in and you're speculating, oh, something dramatic is going to happen right now. And it did. Oh man, River. Seriously, I mean, are you people crazy over there? You got a pretty good joint, but you know, always find a good way to screw it up. No, seriously, air me place in this town. They find a real good way to screw up a good thing. Like this station, you know, give me here our morning show.