Sports Radio 560 WQAM My Amgiport Loderdale Presents The Neal Rodgers Show To talk to Neal called 567 0560 Power Disport Helps 560 on your cell phone The opinion of Neal is yes callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley read acquisitions for the Beesley broadcast group now Neal Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QA I want to bang in the front of it. Tonight on Let's Watch Animal Screw It's a DC situation for the Intrepid Wildlife Crew as they inadvertently interrupt a wild gorilla in the Miss Origin Soundman Richard is made with a 500 pound silver back mail Follow the couple as they register it Macy's and pick out a flatware pattern It's all on tonight. Let's watch Animal Screw Did he say there's a gorilla in our Missizelida? I think I know who it is. I'm going to have to attend at 560 WQAM. I'll take a month. I came back a day too soon Still got all this plumbing life throat. I think it's flim. I think I got a problem here But at any rate, we'll get through if we stay on a year. We'll get anything working around here So here's the story and by the way, I want to repeat my question. Is this WQAM or is it channel 6? See if they had some interesting people around channel 6 might add anything to any of our programs that would be productive But I'm driving to work this morning. I hear some broad that works on there would show on I don't even know some sports nerd broad And they made no sense at all. And then I either talk about I see men getting a new cell phone Assuming they already had them on once and then I go out to take a leak about my 30 here and here's like seems again This pathetic tired all the hack and that's a compliment in his case Pathetic all the hack with his latest scoop. See he finally got his head cleaned Now the head of taking the professional cleaner to get his head cleaned after he pulled out of Mickey Harrison record So now he's decided well let's stick my head and somebody else. Yeah like John Henry So now he's scoping out the new thing they keep putting the same thing out of front page of your newspaper every day the sun Sentinel they must be walking around over there doing ish Commitment going crazy crazy people They weren't embarrassed enough putting the Don smiley as by the marlins on the front page of a guy named in both papers with Alan snow in the sun settle and very jackass and hello, and we're satisfied enough with that So here's Ike's seamen again breathlessly with his big scoop well as well. Whoa, whatever here's his best dude It's all funny daddy. It's not like you got a mouthful of cotton or elephant crap, okay You're all in your style and your tired. I go back where you came from but NBC won't take it will it. Oh no Terrible And that well if you don't call up raise money You don't know what I mean But they want to have enough money to be competitive like don't we already know that I mean everyone here the same tired story a million times Tired old hacks Like John had like John Henry aka I see him in same person. I think same personality So I guess I guess that's a new deal on the morning show now is they got all the channel six people on there Well, they got to have somebody listening to him. They're sure not watching a Montana signal. Oh, that's for god damn sure With that in sippin Tony cigaretteo and I'll the crowd they got over there ridiculous So tell us something that we don't know Ike's seamen's mr. Great investigated journalist tell us something new So anyway, here's the deal Thursday I says to George what I'm gonna do because we've had about four or five weeks of real psychosis more so than usual around here With a set of one thing and with the equipment just nothing working in here anymore just everything falling apart at the scenes Seenance As well as it's the George I'm gonna take along weekend. I if anybody needs a three day weekend. It's me. I'm just mentally and please I'm just the run out from this joint So I plan on playing little hooky here on Friday taking a sick day. What call whatever you want everybody does it And so Thursday afternoon I get on a plane. I'm not sick. I feel fine. I'm getting out of town and of course at that time little did I realize how totally you whether experts had blown it Totally blue Air-re single one of you you blew it. You're disaster it is grace Never even gave any inkling that it could be anything like what it turned out to be was I here for it? Oh no, I had nice pleasant weekend So I'm on a plane going up north on air Canada 30 minutes into the flight. I'm sitting in my seat and all of a sudden I feel like scratching my throat Now I want you to keep on taking mind You don't catch a head cold in a half an hour. You might get head in a half an hour, but you don't get a head cold in a half an hour On a plane or otherwise So the idea that I got sick because you know well, you know God punishing you and if you wouldn't have been on a plane I just still got him sick anyway I still want to have a head cold coming So to make a long story short here. I am with the scratchy throat a little bit head cold not the end of the world, but certainly can't talk can't function to well So I missed all the excitement I wasn't here not for one sticking none of it Including your son and we had here the embarrassment that I hear about everybody in their brother is Tommy about the embarrassment that one on here on Friday In Greg Reed sandbox See that's what this is not the big confused of the real radio station. This is Greg Reed sandbox. How many times have I told you that about 25 minutes something like that But's a little kids running around here playing games. Do we have like any profine like you know professionals we have like can't mold it I don't know if Ken was here on Friday afternoon He's an old pro of news guy sports guy And we have a few adults who are on the air, but other than that this is basically a sandbox With a bunch of little kids running around making little noises Go and like that And so everybody I've spoken do says boy it's a damn good thing you were here on Friday because if you would have been here you would have walked out about a half dozen people have already told me that including our program director It's a storm Greg Yeah, it's a storm. It's a freaking hurricane Greg So to make a long story sure I come back Sunday evening and and there's basically no evidence That all of this happened. I saw it on CNN I saw that they had this torrential storm and these 15 and 20 inches of rain and the flooding all over the place and 23 feet of standing water And the horrible thing with those good getting electrocuted all of these things Come back Sunday getting my car free report and drive home There's no evidence of it. There you know there was some standing water in some of the what would you call it? On the one ways where they have the grass the grassy things lots Huh Yeah, there was a lot of water. Whatever to hell they are grass. There was you know pools of standing water on but other than that there was no evidence that anything had happened I drive home out there to West Brawler. Evidently was a nightmare in my neck of the woods There was some you know debris in a little bit of that not nothing so I'm just all the excitement Mr. Bet mimmer concert That bitch I might do a couple hours on seller door productions See to me there's a word for that. It's called scam You're fired by a ticket to an event and the event is canceled and then I find out that the promoter Well, what's the line again here? It says seller door flow to generally doesn't issue refunds if an event. Oh, I's not cancel I see Is not canceled So wouldn't it have been sensible if we had a sensible performer and anybody with brains involved you know manipulating this whole thing and running the operation Wouldn't it have made sense To cancel it Or at least to offer options of refunds or whatever to the public I don't know you already bought your tickets and she and says she's there. She's gonna appear and if we can get some crazy people to drive out here The macaroon if you're crazy enough to come out here. She'll get up there and sing this bitch And then come to find out that there were people who bought the tickets. I won't mention they names like your close personal friend I will mention him at all in a year People who drove there on Friday through torrential rain through feet of standing water risking life and limb to see this fat bitch And believe me. I like to up until as I always know she I could take her reliever, but yeah, I like to up until this moment And then to be stalled around and wait around and all on guess what it's been postponed and Have to drive home through all of this mess and then they come back. I'm Sunday night because they didn't want to lose the money They had already paid for the tickets Is that is that prophetic or what? To me you see you know what I look like it's like I went to the track I had a bad night That would be the way I would look at it. I lost whatever I paid for was 150 bucks 300 bucks. I had a bad night Went to Vegas had a bad half hour 20 minutes That's the way I would look at it Some of you people must be insane that you would risk life and limb in a hurricane to drive to see vet midler or anybody else Crazy people Temen attacked it's been at five sixty w to cue No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without being stressed written permission of WQA and deeply raised acquisition court I must be crazy. I must be nuts As Droughton Q to for the right You're like a hungry from the ocean right A pleasant anus to find anything My planet who I can in these wings What's your problem? Don't you think you've gone too far Everybody thank you Like Joseph McCarthy You know that your McCarthy was gay The kind of life in can accept he never abade Me chapter I told most bias died A Jimmy got tired with broken days What's your problem, Jenny's son You do that and words are old scum We would want to take you home like Joseph McCarthy We treat three three four Three three three four Well, it cost us the three million dollars. He finally went away But he brought in this other hack to make sure that we finished the jump fifty million dollars A lot of kids out there had no textbooks to take home had no lunches at school of time There were people homeless on the streets with no food weed Fifty million dollars just like because the president got a couple of blow jobs and did a little bit of phone sex Fifty million dollars as you got to make keep spending money like it's coming out of a fair faucet So many of I get back to the nice job that you people in the media did here with that hurricane with Irene What did we say? We said we're looks like we could get a lot of rain That's what they were telling us a lot of rain a little bit of wind But when you look back on it When you what was the one that before Irene? I can't keep track of we got a Jose sitting off there and now just waiting You can't remember what the one before Irene was the one I was sitting right out there and we were all everybody peeing in their pants And I'll sunshine was bitching out the business people because they stayed open at day and the mayor was hyperventilating with the a parrots on her shoulder And trying to get everybody all psychotic even though the sun was shining and the thing was already gone by it What the hell was in him in that hurricane? Gilbert Gilbert No laughing matter mister So whatever that one was I mean, you know that thing set out there needs a de evacuation and I got everybody whipped up and we're frenzy even long after was very obvious that the either hurricane was even with Lake Oka Chobie was well north of Dayton, Howard County. What was it Floyd? Thank you. Thank you And so now here we come with hurricane Irene and yes, it did start very good They didn't expect it to become a hurricane and it did materialize very rapidly, but But it seems to me that we had a couple days in the week it was way down near South of Cuba And it was developing and turned into a hurricane that it's great one and was coming up north and it kept saying well, it's going straight north But it could go a little north west to go go a little north east Well, why didn't they why didn't they focus in on that little bit better I think that's a question everybody should be action today All you weather guys out there That's the question why did you blow it big time There are people who live over on the ocean Who were like having who didn't have their storm shutters up more prepared had water just pouring into their homes People down in South Dayton again flooded all over the garden place There's they're still bringing in supplies for those people because they can't get out because the roads are flooded And they just blew it and come to find out I was near on Friday come to find out that some of the channels were showing their soap operas again So you know they're always talking about well, where's the credibility going to be because we get everybody whipped up like with Floyd We're friends, you know, evacuate and nothing happens here and we keep doing this over and over again Now where's the credibility going to be because now we finally get something that does happen And they're like oblivious Ther oblivious Really a half-assed job all you weather people out there you sucked you blew it And as you look bad, I mean sure hindsight is easy, but how far east didn't have to move that it was obviously going to affect us Especially since they kept telling us about the fact that the worst weather when user remains is in the northeast quadrant Isn't that what they're always telling us? Yes But they blew it and somebody owes a goddamn explanation on this And then there's the mayor again, and he's got one many other there to introduce him now, and he's per waiting out trying to make another goddamn media event out of this thing Another photo opportunity Why did you face it mayor, Pingu? You're an asshole man, you're a little torpey asshole You have no credibility, nobody believes anything you say you're a jerk Plain and simple, you're just a goddamn silly little jerk and everybody in his town knows that And now he's coming along all of a president, I'm sure he's going to give us disaster funds and by the way, but just go shut up, okay, just get lost somewhere, go hide Go back in your closet and your broom closet and hide This town has had enough of you, man, you're pathetic Just like these john Henry stories on the front page of the newspaper, every guy at the end day, it's like a disease It's Marlins disease First it was done smiley Marlins disease now it's john Henry stadium Marlins disease every time you turn around both newspapers They got Marlins disease So we get treated again this morning on a front page of the Sun Sentinel Marlins push for a stadium support and it's just a rehash of the same story they had in three times the last two weeks Proposal still worry, Latterdale and Miami is the subheading And two paragraphs is all you need to hear out of this story The new ball and the and I have an eye toward it, this is the way that they do this to try to jam it down your throat They don't they don't they don't ask they don't just postulate like well they're floating a trial balloon they don't do that they say it like it's a fact in other words if we say it, it's going to happen The new ball park will either be in bison tenial park in Miami or in one of two downtown spots in for Latterdale team officials said How do you like that? Then it goes on to say now it's up to Marlins owner john Henry to persuade city county officials to agree and pull me a public financing for the estimated $400 million retractable rule ballpark and you know what the answer is still No The new ballpark will be it's going to be over here. No, it's not and they put in your goddamn newspaper like it's a fact You guys don't get the message do you they just got through unless in a week you know printing that big pole is a newspaper to say paper And no matter where the money is coming from the overwhelming majority of the people say absolutely positively no no way Jose And then the last paragraph in this eight million today 25 million part series Says we fully expect there are going to be obstacles to overcome politically in the community and financially, but it's early in the process Says Jonathan mirror and her Marlins senior vice president and chief financial officer. We've yet to fully develop our campaign our vision Well, I think they better go see it up theologist Because their vision is very cloudy They can't see the force for the trees. They can't see the figure. It's not my ditch is finger. It's everybody's collective finger in this community being held right up in the year that middle digits Giving john Henry the message. I must be crazy. I must be nuts the message You are crazy. It isn't going to happen, Mr. Take your goddamn little league ball club pack it up and go to ash the viewer and get out of our face go away you silly person you you quit The people here are going to be important things like the bit middle or caught you in the middle of a goddamn her That's what's got the people here with up to a frenzy By the way, don't forget the pizza loft not tonight. I don't want people showing up there night and may pulling a bit middle are already announced it Now seriously that would be bad Next Tuesday we from the night the 26th 8 p.m. will be at the pizza loft and the new CDs the replaceable ones the new ones the okay sounding great ones There are in today in fact. I'll be in the specs store starting today later on which we'll let you know when am I right about that. I hope there will be a assuming that people pitch in They'll be getting there today. They'll pitch in Believe me they'll pitch in So I would wait till tomorrow, but it anyway, so we are fired. I mean it's only the nineteen to October we've lost only like almost three weeks in the month But we'll do the best we can This you know this thing makes no sense for me Here's a mobile in and now that we have put you up at this appears hello Hello Can't hear you Like a million miles away to back up. Okay, so here we go. We take the first call. I haven't even set the stage for this phone thing yet No, what is that he's still talking I've already punched he's I can't punch him off. I can't get rid of this guy The whole answer hold on Hello No, we did we don't we're dead in the water here. I come out of a sick bed. I mean, you know, I feel fair I got a little messed up head in the scratchy tour. I got a head cool. That's all I've had a lot worse And the phone system though work because of engineer the other one finally fried you see instead of solving these phone problems And they're going on for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and maybe bringing in some extra engineering help out having to actually pay them To do some work to get this all straightened out and make this a real radio station. I'll try another one But I have the reason was so much going to work Here's a mobile in Western hello The thing goes black in here and they're not on the air Let me try resetting and see if that works. We want to do that during a break. Oh, you know something. I don't care. I really don't care I can sit and do the next three and a half hours just on this place I thought we didn't have to do that anymore. I thought that was all purpose. We didn't have to reboot the goddamn computer that he put this new thing in here We've got a new goddamn screen in here that I'm supposed to read where the calls are from if I had a goddamn I'm sitting eight inches Okay, maybe a foot. Let's let's be generous. Say it's a foot From this computer screen. Okay, I have excellent vision my glasses are on even without my glasses. I read, okay? I couldn't read the numbers on these lines if you put a goddamn oze in my record, okay? That's the kind of joke that we have here for engineering at WQAM or this channel six whatever this is This is unbelievable What did I tell you as soon as that came on as more with the first thing I said I came back a day to soon. Maybe I came back a month too soon It's only supposed to be a sports and talk radio station and we can't put phone calls on the air What were the only two radio stations that went off the air last Friday? I'm informed in the entire market during the hurricane power 96 and WQAM At least were unique, okay? I'm not saying there anybody else out there would like to be like us, but were unique I don't know why you're doing that. Try it just for kicks Here's a mobile in, oh yeah, you see any of the little league world series That's the same asshole I called this morning But at least we got the phone work and I was going there George we had to reboot the phone and see we still have to do that At least there's some hope a little bit of radio hope 27 after 10 at 5.50 QAM Absolutely, these are gentlemen, these are rainbow porn sites Oh you John, remember to live, I want to make movies for five My life and going great plan to Hollywood's broke, unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke I got a lot of came in 82, that's why my penis and it never ever grew Rainbow 2 was an 85 late, and Rainbow 3 was an 88 And two is my gun, I did not make this movie with my son It never saved you, it was in Rocky 5 and daylight, it's on a movie A little bit of cash is what I need, I got to get a loan from the car and create I got to have a mother to move me or Broadway show like Gena B I get no idea what's up, hot man, I'm still pretty tired, I guess I understand My whole life is about to cave in all I got left this channel to play with Let me get down on it, I need to make rainbow porn, five Check it out, so call me up, I really need a script, I can do it now I got a one man challenge, basically I don't want to play with it, I don't want to play with it I get no idea what I mean, I got to get a loan from the car with green I got to have a mother to move me or Broadway show like Gena B It's nobody ever thought I'd play it, it was stupid, so I understand My whole life is about to cave in all I got left this channel to play with That's why I really need to do it, I need to make rainbow porn That's 34 or 560 WCM. You're absolutely acceptable station for the 90. So Greg Reed was just in here going. Yeah, if you do notice where you watched it, I was explaining I was sitting here screaming and yelling it by the way, head good at fact my left ear just opened up. Let's hear it. My left ear just opened up for the first time in four days. Well, that's a mad ning thing. I don't want to go through that business about when you have a head cold your ears plugged up and you can't hear what God damn thing. You know what I'm saying? What? But at any rate, I'm sitting here and I'm screaming and I'm going out about this phone thing and about this craft that we're expected to work with and is make believe studio and he sticks his I'm I'm I'm I said I said can you read the numbers on his program we have on his computer that's supposed to tell us which line is what and he sticks his head on the God damn screen and still can't read it. He's sticking his head on the God damn screen in here. I wish you could have seen that wish we had tape at 11. Rick Sanchez would have been impressed. And he still can't read it. Well, you know what it's easy to say that we're cheap but we want to get these things fixed well, you know, he's the engineer's got to come up and get somebody in here that can do it. Okay, if he can't do it, get a real engineer in here who knows how to put stuff in that works. Not Mickey Mouse, not Scotch tape, not make believe. Everything here is jury rig. Everything here is like tape together. Like to God damn thing you were telling me the generator. They had to bring in a God damn kiss generator on Friday. One of the van. A bigger part and the jet mall two things. Oh my, now it really opened up wide and what year two oh. All right, let's hear my ear open. Put it on the front page of the paper and suddenly stupid stories about the Marlon. Yes, I'm sorry. Would you say a gas generator and the kiss then? You know, the kiss what? This kiss this and we and they still went off the rate of million times in Friday. Including from what you tell me from two o'clock to an undisclosed time that we know has got to be after for 30 but we don't know what time they finally came back on and if Hank was on it all. Okay, let's see if these thoughts work. Here's a mobile in the game. Hey, here you go. Listen, that question for you. Yeah, forget about these incompetent bureaucrats. I've been on the act in through about six weeks now. Yeah. And I, well, the American Dietetic Association is very upset with you sir because now they're under big as if they know anything about anything which they don't put anyway. Yeah, they don't know anything. They're very upset because people keep losing weight on the atkins and his book is still song like hotcakes. But I will say this. I lost about 20 pounds. Yeah. And I'm starting not to lose your weight anymore. I'm getting nervous. You're in a plateau. Just just keep rolling long pound. Just keep doing. Just keep going. Just keep going. Just keep going. Yeah. I'm sorry. All right. Take them in ahead. Thanks a lot. Yeah. I appreciate it. Just pick it up and kick it up and keep it up like a, a Emerald says kick it up a notch. Seriously, the American Dom, glad he mentioned that American Dietetic Association comes out with this thing. And everybody should know that as soon as they tell you with you that the American Dietetic videos association or the American Dietetic Association, they're absolutely positively full of pure unadulverated crap crap. They haven't got any idea what they're talking about. And the one guy from the American Dietetic Association says, oh, when you know, grains are where it's at. You know, the whole world functions on grains. And like Dr. Racken says, when you want to fatten up cattle, what are they feeding them? Grains. What makes people fat? Refined carbohydrates, bread, pasta, starch, grains make people fat. Not neat, not chicken, not turkey, not eggs, not butter, not cheese, grains make people fat. And so now they, you know, this is their latest attempt. Of course, where were they when all this low fat business was coming out? That now 55%. 55% of the population is obese. And the number is growing dramatically. Everybody you look there or put fixed everywhere. There's a guy got an appointment on Thursday. I have no idea how this guy got his ass in the seat. This guy should have had a buyer row. I'm talking about not a row with two seats, but one with three seats. And somehow they managed to squeeze his ass on over the guy they ensue Horne, I guess. And they market diet, Tetic Association, which are such great experts along with your physicians out there, such geniuses. Oh yeah, they're pooping the actins diet. It may time have we seen any evidence of what they're claiming? And we seen people dying from the actins diet? Oh, I have never read about any of them. I'm not saying it works for everybody, but the people who are on it most of them seem to be losing weight. They had a physician on there on the piece I saw last night on the news. We have a lot of doctors who believe in the actins who put their patients on the actins. When I go to the hockey game, there's a heart doctor cardiologist. They're in the world for me a few seats down. He's the lost lot of weight in the actins and put his patients on the actin. He understands it. He understands how it works. He understands what it's all about. But the American Dietetic Association, a bunch of registered nutritionist and dietitians who ought to be in jail for fraud, by the way. They're given everybody a son to dance to try to scare money atkins. Give it to a Bobby. I'll pick it to a baby. But your frauds and figures is because of people like you with your goddamn grains. That's why 55% of us are walking around like a bunch of goddamn pigs. That's right, when they want, when they want to fatten up the cattle, they feed them grains. Don't ever forget it. Works like a charm every time, by the way. 21, before 11 at 5, 60, WQM, no, don't be sorry, Joe. Not necessarily. This is not. I'm just going to, I may go off until to a clock and just rambles here. This is not a real place. This place is so out of control right now that they're going to bring in guys with little butterfly nets. You're better bringing the guys with a big butterfly nets, okay? I have all these people, all these sponsors. I've worked for years to build up where I am today, 23 years in this market. And these people, I'm sitting here. It's like they're destroying me. Here is a piece of copy that is single space that minimum minimum with even a marginally fast rating, three minute piece of copy. And at the end, from my good friends in Lou Backro, this piece of, and no wonder Adam Silverstein sent fat boy up here with us the other day because he'd be too embarrassed to hand me this piece of crap. And at the end, the little disclaimer that goes on there at the end, which he kind of refast, price based on a 36 month lease with $2800 cash down plus tax, tax and security deposit for complete details. And that's the end. Plus tax, tax and security deposit for complete details. Does anybody read this before they handed to us? Does anybody look at this? Does see if it's go here or it's just a bunch as many words as they can put on a page? That's our sales department's idea now of copy. How many words can we put on a piece of paper? And our general manager is walking around sticking his head up to the screen here. Putting his head, putting his face on the computer screen. Making gutter will sound. Yeah. Oh, gee, you're right. I can't read that. I guess I have to go talk to George Corseaux. How did we get this far? How did we make it this far? Really? It's a miracle. It's one. He talked about the great seven wonders of the world. This is one of the all-time miracles in history. I just can't, I'm speechless. I am done an hour yet. And I'm already ready for a breakdown here today. Things are much better today than they were the past two. Hey, that's what I hear That's what I said. I'm Friday everybody. I talked to including you and said if you came in Friday What I walked out. I was close to walking out 10 30 even yesterday at least writing shows up on the screen today Yeah, we had recovered boxes yesterday with no writing on them because you have an engineer who puts things in and doesn't make sure they work before he walks out the door just like the day that he messed up our DCS that's got maybe 15 years worth of material in there and decided in the middle of August or whenever it was a couple of months ago, he's going to make sure it's ready for the year 2000. Did we need to have it posky around that in August? No, no. Did he call the manufacturer of this system to find out how to do it to make sure that we don't want to get an all-losing all this stuff when we changed the year to do that? No, no. And so George had a crawler run on a floor for about 20 minutes rebooting this computer, rebooting that one and poaching around to put the thing back together again so we could make noises like like that which when you work here you've got to be able to go like that. Definitive that's the QAM logo the model. I mean, I'm sorry, I know you're on but after while all excuses well he's overworked and he's I don't care all I know is that this room here that I do this radio show in for the last several weeks is a disaster and disintegrating rapidly. It's getting worse by the minute we have to go through a song to dance on a talk radio station to put a phone call on a year and Greg Reak in stand here would give me a song to that all he wants about how all it's got because they're cheap. There will be a spend whatever it takes. I got news for you Mr. Reed. There's plenty of good engineers in his town who work on a side who work by the hour just like they did for Paxon. Who'll come in here and get things working right that are supposed to be in here. Not a peat, not a jury ring piece of turd that George Corso sticks in here and then expects us to do a go on here and make magic with. I shouldn't have said magic, maybe he'll be working over there next week. We can only hope. Airbees, single thing that goes on here is a major long turt. You want to see the construction project that's going up here on the third floor. Is it done yet? Eeeeh. Peace meal. I think they're paying them by the minute, not by the hour. I think they're paying the contractors by the minute. It's like today that the air conditioner went out 10 days ago. Airbees, single thing that could break down in a place of business. Every single thing has done a long and last three four weeks here. Everything, not just most things, every goddamn thing. Because you people over there in Naples, the beeslears, who are giving all your money to John Henry and Wayne Hypinga. You people that we work our asses off here all day long, every day trying to grind all these spots through to make you the money. So you can afford to be Mr. Bigshot sportsguys. You're an embarrassment. You're humiliating. You just don't want to cut loose and give us what we need. How many days in a row did we have? Line 4 doesn't work. Line 7 doesn't work. Line 8 is howling like Wolfman Jack. Airbees, God damn time, you turn around. It's another joke. And the audience, I think, to admit, just out of the sense of a sadism. Let's see what kind of an ordeal it's going to be there. And usually they don't get disappointed. We never let you down. Only some of us are going to survive much longer of this. That's why I got to play in Thursday afternoon with a hopes to getting out of here. And at least I did the right thing by any accounts. You bet. Avoid the storm and avoid more QAM embarrassment at least up until the day. They don't get it. These people are not broadcast. They're wannabes. They're make believe. They're airzots. Sports bar with a microphone will be a compliment. That would be an exaggeration. I'm driving out of here to the airport on Thursday. Tank, befo, and at capitol are doing a show from colder. And I'm listening and they're going back and forth and bump, bump, bump. And the first call, the first call on his sports bar with a microphone is, hey guys, what do you think a buffalo will get so close at minus three and a half? And I got the CD and my player so fast. He'll never seen an old tag move so fast in your life. Here is your field B, Chelo. Hello, Neil. I love you. Can't hear this collar. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I love your collar. I love you. Show them a first time collar. I just wanted to say that you've got the meteorologist at a bad job. You should have seen Rick Sanchez hyperventilating after Bill C'mon, told him to hurricane was coming this way. Yeah. Exactly. After Bill said that we were going to feel the effects from my ring Rick Sanchez asked another, and the award went in question. He said, Bill, now that we know it's coming this way for sure, is there anything in your power that you can do to make this go away? And Bill, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, gagging on it. That's beautiful. And Bill, in disbelief, looked at Rick and said, yes, I can blow really hard to the West. Oh, yeah. Yes. And believe me, in his case, I think he's been honest about it. Exactly. Well, I love you. Show when I just had to get that on the air. Thank you, sir. I needed the last. Thanks a lot. Okay. No problem. Okay. I never thought he'd give me the left today. Yeah. I think I might do the whole show through this day. But it's fitting what they would be on beyond his perfect. WQAM, where we can't get anything right. By the way, how is that OJ related expense money coming from that government? Anybody? No. About that? I'm certain. I don't, I just, what am I doing here? I just need to lay down somewhere. I'm I'm not joking. My head is just swimming. If you, if you could have told me that this could happen again today, I would have said, oh, yeah, you want to kid her. That we could go through this embarrassment again today. Just to put a radio show on, we've been doing this here for two years. March, April, May, June, July, August, September, Fingat, October, almost eight months in this room. And sure there have been, you know, we had problems in the beginning because the boss being a liar that he is. He got into a plan to run off to Chicago because he knew that we didn't have the equipment ready yet. He knew it would probably be a disaster and it was. Sweet bailed out. He went into hiding. Yeah, when things get tough, the cowardly go into hiding. But somehow we managed to survive too. That had that initial gigantic rating book. At some, how for two years, don't ask me how with mirrors, I guess, we've had these tremendous numbers, all these spots. And up until a couple of months ago, most of the stuff in here worked most of the time. Am I right? Am I my loser? More Emmy wasn't great. But when we came into the morning, most days, as long as you would Georgia remember to reboot the phone system after a while, because that started breaking up. But as long as that had, we could get the calls on a year, we could do a radio show. But for some strange reason here, the last several weeks, every day, it's impossible to do a show at WQM in this room. And then I over the weekend, I guess, they had to play all tapes because they couldn't get any shows on a year or something. I don't know what that was all about. That's what I hear. And the general manager is walking around going, eee! Come me, calm down, calm down. I don't want you to get excited. You know, calm down. You're coming here and doing a show at calm down. We'll see how long you'll do it, okay? Mr. Sports Maven, Mr. Mogul, Mr. Genius, Mr. Rocketside, I'm not even just coming up on 11 o'clock. I feel like I've done an 85 mile mirror file already. And still can't read these numbers, by the way. Here's four miles, hello. Neil. Yes sir. I do, I'm ready. I'm doing great, man. Listen, you're still alive. Yeah. Um, when you think is, um, I wear one of your ghost and you'll teach it to run here. Yeah. And at least once I'm every time aware, it does get somebody to come up to think, oh, that's what Neil looks like, huh? But the reason I call was, um, he said, um, you will be selling the CDs and for a mile. See how the specs here are locally? Yes sir, any day now, let's you know. Okay. And another thing is, um, what's what this other one, uh, Neil hotline? I've caught it like three or four times. It's just been an inch in machine. Every time I left my name. Another one, Neil hotline, what does that? It's something like, why don't you have a webpage? It's like, for you can, where you can order it? What are your stuff on the phone? Yeah. It's always the inch in machine. I left like three of four messages and I never call back. Do you think about that? Probably there's a waiting for the discs show up. Yeah, but they may be a bit limbo because we didn't have the stuff yet. Okay. Well, it's just what I was calling about. So keep it up buddy. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, the stuff will be in for me. It'll be all the specs in the next couple of days. We hope. Oh, and also the, uh, the key change with the buttons and all that. I don't want to talk about those until I have one. Don't get me started on the center one thing. Okay. Because I do my best every year. But I, I would like to have this stuff in my hand. And let me say it again in retrospect. Thank the Lord. Thank Bill God. But I asked Bluff to go over and give me that one CD that they when we did the thing inspection that that tremendous appearance. Because if I wouldn't listen to it by now, can you even begin to imagine the catastrophe, even a Japanese never saw a bomb like that? 1056 at 560 WQAN. This station stands for nothing. There, paints. I don't think I'm lacking anymore. You used to watch me change. Now you do stare at the floor. Go on there, Venus. I don't like the moon. If you could be you, me, a paper towel in a dirty bag. That's all we needed to get back. Now it's the same thing to change that I think that you're the one who's lying there paints. I don't like the thing you know. He thinks. Be it, right? I don't think I'm lacking anymore. Because when you get to drink it, you put me places you've never been before, fear, right? I don't like the things you know. Why can't we just get a grip on our man's hand? Related to the ground. Now the terms are truly how we feel. If we put our hands together, we just stay home forever. I don't think I'm lacking anymore. Oh, and I mean, wow, and you're shaving my face. WQAN, we got a heck of a cool seat today. So we'll probably be all all you can never be too sure sometimes is outside remote. Don't get on here. But it's better than being in here if you know what I'm saying. Then we got to the booster before baseball. That's it, the braves for game number six tonight in Atlanta. Maybe they'll actually sell out a degree sold out that game finally. Okay, a lot of open lines. We had a whole bunch of calls on it before. They either dropped off or at this point who knows, you know, little paranoid with this phone system, but we're just press along. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, New York. How are you doing? Okay, sir. It's kind of a spiral for it. I know you own a home. I know you have a lot of home owners. I got listened to you guys and you guys shop at home deeper. I was one of three. You said that you guys shop at home deeper and you come up with an item that you don't need. You didn't get it with turn it. They're going to ask the ID and you know what they're going to do the ID. They're going to get it to the cops standing on duty. And he's going to run your license and see if you have any outstanding warrant to traffic. Take it to anything. So they're a bunch of douche bags over there and shop at low. I got inside info. You don't believe it. Go to the awkward driver home deeper. They're going to ask you to the ID and they're going to try to run your license and get your records. Okay, we'll try to build you out. Okay. There's a guy probably a jail bird. I guess if you look like some you know ordinary guy who's bringing something back. They probably won't run their license. No, but if you look like somebody just, you know, it's all them speakers in a parking lot. They might just run your license. And they'll be knocking on deep okay. I got a lot of home deep post stock. We love home deep. Oh, don't wait. Yeah, there you go. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Okay. Next talk at YouTube. Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Yeah. Why are you always great fun American Ellis? What does that question mean, sir? I mean, I know. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody got anything to say today about the hurricane, about the weather people, about bed, middle or about end of stuff? I've been talking about now is the time because if it ain't going to happen, believe me, the music comes out. Trust me what I tell you. So it's the up to you guys. Here's the lady in the four-later day. Hello. Hi, now. Yes, ma'am. Maybe we can all get a group rate on flooded. Can't hear you. Can't hear this collar worth the aircraft. Maybe we can all get now, can you hear me? Yeah. Now I'm lying down as you recommend this. Good. Yeah, that's what I need to do. Yeah, so you just can put a couch and then set of whatever you're saying. We need a psychiatrist in this place. This is a bunch of crazy people. Trust me, this is a catcher. The sales department is totally out of control. They haven't got the foggy side deal. They can be selling shoes on a street corner for all, they know. They don't even understand what this place is all about. What do you want from people who worked for money? Yeah. Next time I'm going to be born rich. I'm glad you mentioned your stock investment because I'm calling you about a stock tip. I know you'll want to write it out and invest your co-free or eat trade or whatever. Do your Martha's stored when I peo this phone? Really? Yeah. And... You know what, Ad peo is not on your phone? Yes. So she said, if you want to run out and buy her stock, which I do not recommend. Okay, thanks, sweetheart. Bye-bye. Okay, okay. There you go. Martha's stored state of hell away. And she smells bad too, by the way. 560, 50560, POM560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hey Neil, how are you today? Great. Never been better, sir. Let me ask you one quick question before I went. Talk about something else. Yes. When was the last time you guys had a completely glitch free show? It seems like... My memory isn't that good. Hi, exactly. What I wanted to talk about with this, this whole thing with the coverage of the hurricane between me, the Floyd and this last one. You know, it's been my observation. First of all, the cable goes out pretty quickly. And then the power goes out. And you've got... It's a waste of money. When you think about, you've got this, I think like four different... I think 39 does some... does a broad cast of it too. You've got four different stations just spending tons of money to cover the same thing that their only source of information is from the National Hurricane Center. It's not like thinking out scoop each other on a story. I just think that it's just a... What a waste of money to... You understand, you say a waste of money. These people are already around their payroll. They're already getting paid. They're doing it for ratings. They're not doing it as a community service. They're doing it to try to see who can be the biggest hero like Brian Rourke Cross in Times of National ZASD and to try to boost their ratings up. That's what they're doing it for. Well, you know, and they do... You're not spending money because they want to be benevolent in the protected community. That's a bunch of bull crap. Well, they do. I mean, you see now, I think I saw one on the channel, sex, the NBC affiliate has a promo. We covered the store in the best because of experience and blah, blah... Yeah, because I've got an old fart like I've seen in the newsroom where we keep calling up in mornings or on QAM, making a fool out of himself. With a bad cell phone. Right. But I think with a bulletin that John Henry wants to build a stadium. Wait. All right, you know, but anyway, that's that's just the plan. I just think it's just a total waste. I think it's ridiculous. Well, by the way, you see, you're looking at a perfect world. You're looking at the world where the media are supposed to be here to serve us and pass information along. And it could just all pipe in, as you say, to the National Hurricane Center, which did a crappy job in his case anyway. But nevertheless, they could just pipe that in and put it on there. And without all the history, on it, so without the people jumping up and down. Well, that's an out there. Well, they're there for ratings. Well, with, but you see this country is built on the idea of competition. And that's why they do this. It's all about what you're saying. We did it. We did the best job, where the heroes, that kind of thing. And you see, in certain things, people in this country have to realize that competition isn't always, isn't always good. I know that's like if you say that it's like, Sarah, I'm just repeating yourself. It's not going to change. There is cuts road. They're out there to, you know, to get their ratings into a stealing audience. That's what they're out to do. Here's a fact that is absolutely no one has mentioned the fact that thousands of children in Dayton, Broward County would have been in danger if there wouldn't have been a teachers' workday for a no school for students on Friday. See, I wasn't here. I wasn't even aware of that. Many kids don't get released from school until late afternoon. Right on time for these kids, we've gotten wiped out on Friday. The hurricane said her blows, so says the fact. That's going to answer. Man, whoever that was, good point. Thank the Lord. Thank God. That was the teacher's workday on Friday and the kids were out of school. Because once again, the media just, you know, fumbling all around all over the place and they just can't get it right. And how come with Floyd? It was like, well, we can't be absolutely sure. But let's do this and let's do that and take the precautions. And with this one, when we already knew that it was going to come and the very least, the eye of the hurricane was going to pass on the West Coast of Florida. And if we went a little bit to the Northeast could come right by here. Why was there a little bit more caution involved in this one? Can anybody answer that question? No, oh. 9 minutes after 11 at 560 WQA, I'm going to get two sets of red. 9 minutes after 11 at 560 WQA, I'm going to get one. 114 at 560 WQA, I'm sorry, another amazing thing. All I got to do is get a couple of days right away, the roof caves in. Come to find out that Brook Daniels were their point, the 00, or a sure of the audience yesterday said the effort on the year, intentionally and didn't dump it. And then the producer gets suspended because she says it on the year and the producer didn't dump it. Larry, the producer who ever had a lot of this, over there and I don't know what they're worried about, nobody would hear it anyway. The next girl, except for John Pinnis, who says he can't turn it off because he never heard anything so bad in his life. What was the purpose of that? Why did she say the effort on the year? Well, she was distraught about the boyfriend. Who left her? Pupi? Whatever it's name was? And that's a whole different ball of wax. I'm sorry. Only in Miami, folks. Just like my dad, it says only in the event of the night of the public, only in Miami because this, because this bitch be on the year. See, now it comes a little bit, not starting a little bit hairy for me with these numbers. Okay, when to get the, here's my knee beat, hello. Yes, I nailed how you do it. Okay, it's never better. Okay, you know, just want to say a few kind words for the weather department, they were right about what? We didn't have hurricane winds here in Dave County. Maximum sustained winds in Miami Beach, which I think were the highest just about anywhere. We're only 60 miles per hour. Oh, what a bargain. They did issue tropical storm warnings for Dave County. Yeah. Now if the government officials don't, the revives reason don't need the warning. That's their fault. But the weather bureau, they should, they were right in not issuing hurricane warnings for the beach. We didn't have hurricane winds. Maybe people are underestimating what a tropical storm can do. There's, there when a weather people come on the year, when they come on the year and they describe, that's supposed to be their job. Their meteorologist, most of them. And that's supposed to be their job is to explain to the public what the dangers are. We're not talking about some antics. Is it a tropical storm? Is it a hurricane? How much rain could we potentially have? How mysterious could the flooding be? How much danger are we in? How much of a storm? And it doesn't make any difference what the semantics are? Well, they blew it. If you, if they blew it, if you've got to beef with the local weathermen on TV, then you may be right. But the, but the hurricane, sir, you can keep telling me about the hurricane center from now until the cows come home. But nobody watches the hurricane center. They're all getting the news from the news people on their local TV channels. And you know that as well as I do. So go off, low in the hurricane. God, my pedantic friend. 567. 0560. 0560. 0560 on the 880. People could be drowning out there. Maybe some of them are right now. There's still people who are like stranded. And this guy's given us a semantic well, you know, technically they hire a cane center was correct and I hire a, you know, get lost. Go away. You give me mental hemorrhage. Okay, they blew it. They suck. They get all hysterical about the one. And we said, who we watched Floyd, we watched it pass by. We're all singing sometimes. I think there's hurricane passing us by. And it did. It did. And there's that little mayor on there. It's not, you're not getting hysterical. Yeah, I want you to get hysterical. I want to want to want to runny points on this. You're already got enough brownie points already. Mr. Brownie, howdy. You piece of crap. And so that there just, there is no credibility here anymore. The weather people have totally lost their credibility. They zig when they should zag, they zag when they should zig. And the meantime, the public doesn't know what their screen, we're going to see the vet mental cancer. Which I still have nobody who's called to show yet because you're all too embarrassed that you went. I'd be embarrassed too. If it would have been a goddamn back street boys concert, and I have these tickets in my pocket for the front row. And it would have been like the weather was here Friday. And I live four minutes from the arena. And they would have said, oh, guess what? They're still going to pick what I've gone. No, of course not. Of course not. Of course not. You had to be a crazy person to go there. I know some maybe you had some hip boots since you know that the parking lot there floods. They have no drainage there. Both of the sagras mills outled mall and at the macarina. No, no drainage at all. So why don't I not take a little roll boat and your hip boots? And go over and see that that bitch that midward. The more I think about that bitch, self-serving, arrogant, obnoxious bitch. And then they went back to watch her Sunday night. Oh, he was great. Doctor her, okay. That's what I say. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Mobile and sunrise. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. I do. I just want to say the weatherman is kind of something. Okay, thanks. They suck. Well, we know that. In fact, I could give you some names specifically, but we better not. They suck a lot. How's that? Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. There's an article in the morning's Harold section B official brought two guns to MIA. I have a right here. Did you read that? I have read it. You had a poor Miami Dulse floor vice chairman. Did you have a parrots? Yes. Here he's two guns to the airport. He's an asshole. And it says, and it says here, the state's attorney, we have to evaluate whether the incident was accidental or intentional. Yeah. What the hell is this? The devil. Maybe the guns got in there by themselves. Maybe they didn't put on a net. That's right. I'm telling. And this guy is going to tell a half thing to meet with legislators to discuss, putting a metal detectors in schools. He's got a little sentimental here in Dave County for it. Right. Only in the banana report. I guess he's just doing a little test. You know, he didn't know what you want to make sure they work in. He said he was very pleased to see that they work so well. Only in Miami. Right. Have a great one. And thank you so much. Maybe he could coach the Cowboys now. They had a tough time last night. Maybe he could be, I mean, the poor, what's his name there? He got caught with a gun in the airport. He's out. 560, 0.560, 0.560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wanted to mention there was an article on the daily business review about the hurricanes, foot and the coverage. Yes. So they write that over there that the reporters, um, meteorologists, some of the other reporters have a round of beach and they said they would put the KGB to see him their interrogations. They're, they're, I agree very much with you that they just haul around and they make a big, uh, speak about, um, yeah. They're not there to do any public service. There there to be his, his direct was they possibly can. And so you can win the most brownie points. You get the most yours. They're there for ratings. Everything they do is for ratings. I mean, they, there's, so there's a big puddle in the middle of the street. So they, they've been out of the reporters. And then they're watching the meds game, uh, two nights ago. And they keep saying so power outage of 15,000. So they're hacking the world. Cheers. Somebody power outages there on date county. And okay. And thank you. Where was he going with that? Anybody? Oh, no. Yeah, we don't care. If you're powers out, we don't care because unless you got a better we operate it where you're not listening anyway. But what does that mean? We don't care. Call us bastard. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 10. That's what they always like to tell you. We care the most. Working for you. We're at Channel 4's the, oh, we're working for you. Yeah. We're working to solve your problem. You're not working for anything except to get the ratings in and get the money. And okay. Stop lying to the public. Even a guy damn gullible TV viewing public out there isn't that stupid. Are they? Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Hmm. Feel some good green mucous coming up. Real good one. Here's peppered pine. Hello. I nail. Yes sir. I was gone. Great. Boy, I tell you last three hurricanes. They were wrong where it was going. Yeah. I mean, how could you have any confidence in them? You can't. I mean, it's incredible. I mean, the one time maybe I needed to put up my shutters. I mean, we didn't have any wind. I live in Thambroke pine. I come out of the house of the point. I was taking mile in our winds. I would tell me, I don't know about by you. But I mean, they're saying to me, there were 60 mile in our winds. And I know a lot of people did have a lot of wind. And a lot of damage and rain came in. They got a mess. I don't have any wind damage. I don't have any, I live on Tent, I've tapped them for me. And so the roads were flooded. Yeah. But I still was able to drive that that next morning. I mean, it's a how flooded really were they. I mean, see, I'm like, I had to go slow. And then I couldn't go speeding. It was sunny in the 70 in Toronto on Saturday by the way. Well, it was sunny here. We just had a lot of water. But there's no substantial damage, no substantial damage. I mean, there's no furniture floating around. By you, you're talking about. Yeah. Well, I was in front of five. I mean, I tapped the snow flooded. But even the houses, they showed me. We did all the pens out where you were. I was very freaky because I know out by me, which it's always the worst out there in the acres. Yeah. There's very little visible now. And yet not that far north of sunrise. The next mile north of the Soklon Park. And open park Boulevard. A lot of it is still at least as of yesterday was still shut down. Really. Because you know, the thing was when they showed like North Carolina and even the Jersey, when the rivers flooded, and people had four feet, eight feet of water in their house. And that was a flood. Yeah. I mean, there's, I mean, the show in houses in sweet water that have three inches. And there's, oh, my God, how are these people? They don't have insurance. How are they ever going to recoup? How are they going to come back from this? I'm like, well, kind of squeeze the stuff out and get a hair dryer. I wouldn't doubt squeeze it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. So basically what these colors are saying is you people, they do have a lot of flooding about damage. We don't care. Okay. We just don't care. Screw you. That's what they're saying. I mean, I can't speak for them. It's America. They want to say the thing. And that's what they want to say. Because after all this is Florida, 560, 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We apologize for fuciously for the fact that we work for an app management that can't seem to get a straight now. What are with that golf tournament, whether it's a center one campaign or promotional department that TV campaign, we ran last year that was so embarrassing with the pasty makeup. Whatever it is that they do, it's always embarrassing. They just can't get it right. One of these days, though, one of these days will come in here. Everything in a studio will work. Anybody believe that? No, come on. Here's a lady in four waterdale. Hello. Yes, man. I like the cumin. I'm on the storm. I don't think like cable went out. And the only channel I could get in halfway clear with channel 7. Boy, you didn't have problems. Well, you know, they didn't cover Brad Hart County. We got an alto room story that lasts now and a half or two. They had a tornado there and some overturned cars. Right. And into their broadcast, I keep running to my back yard, which is a lake. And it's coming up onto my porch. I can't see. And then a wind would come and I'm getting waves from my porch. And I run back to the TV set. And they're saying, now we're trying to get you, get the equipment in so we can take pictures of these overturned cars. Right. And what I'm wanting to hear is the storm has left Miami and you have a half an hour that we're on the tail end of it. From someone. And I'm wondering, should I turn the electricity off in my house? If the water comes in and I'm looking in the newspaper to see where there's a new station, I can't get anything on the radio about the storm. Right. And I'm sure you wouldn't get it here. That's for the danger. Yeah. I was home alone in the house and it was, uh, it should I go outside and waiting that water to be, uh, my box outside to turn the electrical off. And I'm just wanting to know why Broward County wasn't covered better. They let the beach and I think that was their one station until, um, later on in the aftermath. I think some people were like to queue it out way. Right. And then they, we did. That then all of a sudden they got hysterical and started going out there. Right. Well, I don't live on the beach. I have sympathy for the people that, you know, they got injured at the elbow room. Well, that I think the bottom line is they did a really embarrassingly bad job. All of them. And I think the green with that previous collar, people could not drive down six Avenue. There was four yellow cap stuck and no, I mean, did you got to understand a lot of these people that they live in this very little narrow world? And if it didn't affect right where they are, then they don't care. There are blivvious and it was much to do about nothing. Well, I think it's pretty myopic and a very self-ish and a very ignorant attitude. And all these horses and cows, but they're waste, you know, anyway. Okay. It was for a couple of days. Thank you. Five, six, seven, five, six, these. And that's the Florida way though. The other two guys. Yeah, we don't care. It did. It was not no big deal by us, but to everybody else. Nice. It would be like after Hurricane Andrews saying, well, you know, that was only down there. We're down there in South Bay. It all was a great picker. You know, we don't care about those people. Nice. Very nice. A Sally fits in. 11 27, five, 60, WQF. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Hi, I'm Ed Buford, a few for Dan's liquor and guns. We have the largest selection of foods and farms in the state. Personally, it's just you in choosing a correct alcoholic beverage and what? We're deciding. Go into square of hot and then you'll love our low prices on Shnappsy and Hangry Nakes. Living in the city, Shabbat Argyle on hand, doesn't tell a 41. Maybe you aren't interested in hot Norse up defense. Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox. Well, we've got Gallon Jes Wild Turkey and 44 Magnum Shales on sale this week only. We're open 24 hours. We've never checked out these and we're in our air proof. So come on down to Buford, let your in guns where everything leaves loaded. It's 1132 at 5, 60 WQA. Hoat Josie Lambe, it has a skating attack here. Nice call to our Josie. I'm pet midler. Go ahead. I guess she thinks that her stuffed don't think is what it is. It's not even a real storm. She was overheard saying, I'm here. I'm ready to go. That was Friday night. What if it came clear to her that they should be postponed? The diva tried to have Saturday's Panthers game rescheduled for Sunday. So her highness could perform on Saturday. And arena officials said, no, no. We don't change hockey games or sporting events. So a fat bitch like you can go on and make a lot of noise. When arena officials help Fashie greed a Sunday's gig. At the end, St. Orheads prevail thank God said, that's at her boss Bob Duay. Midler who stated that the grand Bay hotel in the Grove got to the arena shortly after 3pm Friday after a nearly two hour ride through horrendous weather for her safety. She wrote in the suburban instead of a limo. After her arrival, the weather worsened the midr of the cleared. She wanted Governor Jeff Bush to declare an emergency before canceling. She wanted the go. She wanted the governor to declare an emergency. The best arena officials could do was an emergency declaration from the county manager. She finally gave in. She caved in that big fat bitch. By then close to a thousand people. Some of them had paid $150 for a ticket. We're in the arena, including Remurnas White. Can you believe that we're 998 other people so idiotic? So ridiculous, so embarrassing as to show up their through a hurricane. Through 65 mile an hour winds and feet of rain in flooded parking lots. Friday, I was all set to go on, but they had to be a piece of paper that said I couldn't miss that from the state to the 14,000 fans of the Sunday show. Either rain or slate or blow hard like Irene, he keep my fans away. She said blow this bitch. There you go, bit, midr. Bigger than the rest of the world, I understand. Neither rain or slate, natural disasters are going to repeat her thing. She's too important. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, at least we showed it showed how vulnerable we are. Imagine if Irene had been a category three hurricane? Yeah. I mean, Broward would have been just complete disaster. And as far as the four letter words go, I don't know if anybody told you about the series Chicago Hope on TV 13 or so. Yeah, you know something that's very sad. Very very very very happy. This country is so immature that they had to make a big story out of the fact they said S. H. On Chicago, I hope you have the night. Like while are we making some progress. Exactly, but the FCC isn't going to find NBC. They're not going to be finding Chicago Hope. So I'm wondering how come the FCC decides you can use a four letter word one situation, but you can't use it. Oh, because it was very important for them to put the word shit in there because it had to do with a literary value of the program. So now the FCC is going to make themselves literary critics. That's correct. Well, that's absolutely absurd. There you go. How can they decide what's in good hands? We can't say any of the words just like I said it. There we can say any of the words. I mean, we usually don't because we don't want to press our luck. But you can say any of the words, but all has to do on the intent. And of course, being mine readers up there at the FCC, they read your mind. Well, understand, you have a couple of bits that you play. So in other words, if I were going to say they're full of and use the same word that I used the moment ago, then they'd get upset about that. So I'll say they're full of crap. Well, you had a few, um, uh, that's what you got to trouble with, I think, to use. Right. On was one. Right. Yeah. And I don't understand how you can, they can proceed with prosecuting you, you when letting the stuff go on NBC. It's just absurd. Well, see, Merckon, Well, it should be a bit defense for you. Okay. I've written. Well, they're not prosecuting me. They don't prosecute anybody. They find a station. And of course, Tom Zick is still hasn't discovered that story. I was saying, oh, Tom Zick had been a great journalist cover, cover, uh, whatever you reported that he is. He doesn't care about freedom of speech. Things like that. Major major story. And as Scott raised a very good point that if Tom Zick had a brain, which he doesn't, but if he did, he'd be right in about that. That evidently according to the literary value of the show, they, they felt it would take something out if they took, uh, you know, essay chat, it wasn't the line of, uh, craft happens. Wasn't that it? I think that's what I don't want to show. I don't know. But in that case, it's okay. But if that's something to do with the artistic or literary or comedic value of this radio show, any other radio show, then right away, we're going to find you. 567, oh, if I see if this place ought to be fine, it shouldn't be for words on the air. It should be for incompetence. It should be for what they're doing to people. It should be for what they did at that golf term for the unconscionable way that this operation is right. See, this is good now because now it's like they're naked. The emperor has no clothes at all. He just standing there, naked as a jabbered. And everybody's kind of looking at this whole operation of it. I'm going, why? He feels got a point, you know? 567, oh, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. The only thing that really irritates me about the local stations is that the is the arrogance that display. On Friday, when you were leaving town, they have the windows blown and everything's going crazy. And Jackie Ness brawl that airheaded twice. She's a real bitch. As soon as they take a telepompter away from these people, they have you can tell they have no brain inside this skull whatsoever. She's sitting on the air. It's 430 in the afternoon, I'm watching this thing. There's nothing else on my dishes there. And she says, oh, we just called, put it in a call, the county line Lexus, to find out if people should be driving around with their hazard lights on. Yeah, did they ever curdle them to maybe call a highway patrol, police department, something like that? Of course not. And then does this, does this bit so stupid? She doesn't understand that it's illegal to drive with your hazard lights. And then 5 seconds of shift. Oh, and we just got a call from this large highway patrol saying that people shouldn't drive with their hazard lights on and it's just wanted to throw bricks at the screen. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. I can't have it a bimbo on. And there's a number of days. Yesterday morning, putting on the news, it's like seven o'clock in the morning, there's the local is that Alicia or Tega, another dumb twit. Yeah. She's on TV and she goes and here and I thought to myself, here it comes. She says, we're going to preempt the today show and here was the room where we were going to be in the same room. We were going to be in the same room with her exact words because we feel we need to guide you some more. They need to guide us for another hour on a Monday to show us people who were still ringing out pots and pans, whatever. I mean, they're going to be a big deal. They need to guide us. Yeah, that's the height of Eric. I hate the noise to them, but did now the cow was out of the barn. I mean, we 50 miles down the road. The water guidance yesterday, they needed it on Friday and Thursday and Saturday and over the weekend. That the cow, the bladders, were going to explode if they didn't get milked on time. Yeah. And I thought, hey, that, you know, finally, the picture I leave the cow, leave the helicopter over the cows. You know, I'm exploding cows. May not be so bad. 30 share, I say. At least. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Take a deep breath. No, no, this is unacceptable. See, I mean, Adam Silverstein turns out to be another one of these guys down there in the sales department who just doesn't get it. He doesn't want to get it. See, if they understood the formatics of this radio state, then the problems that we haven't keeping the people on hold as it is, would he's a four news, newscast that we do every hour? If I actually did the stuff that they gave to me here, we wouldn't have any show. All spots all day. All spots radio. Just take the hour out. All spots radio. Hey, it's big and a spot. The sports leaders, sports radio. 5, 60, 2, 8, and I just wasn't conscious. That schedule is straight enough. 300 rescued five five four. Five six six You know, here's a condition for the station's college version. And we'll take you to the sea. No! No! No! No! Just shout! Come on, come on! Come on, come on! Come on! Oh, oh, oh! We have to go there. We'll make it out loud. We'll do it to the sea. We have to go there. We'll make it out loud. A dozen tax cannons, a Lochblades together. The floor captain is free to check my stomach. Headed away from me! The title cut? The door isn't too bad. Finish this build, carry we your families. Don't take some taxes with us! Why are you so mixed with me? Well, and who would have put this up? If I could share this he's bringing me back to if I put the Joker and his mates with me Please kidding me! Oh, God! Wings? Oh, God! Oh, good Lord! Thank you! You should have visited all credit by Thank you. There we go. Mmmhmm I knew that I was packing theseKap gloves. I can't say pussy I'm sorry 14 till noon is 5 60 W to Q I am 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line. See I love when he comes in and he starts talking about you know like you the emergency and you're on Friday and the station kept going off here and he was here to sell it away to cloth and of course I'm wondering you have a what was he doing? Was he getting any of these things taken care of? No, what was he doing? Standing around and being a presence I guess what's important you know like when the people making all the noise in the halls when you were trying to do the show on Friday standing around and being a presence just being seen Here's a candle hello candle long-cross Okay, let's try a Hollywood hello Hollywood? Hello? Yes sir. Yes, I was wondering if you saw the a television section of the hell today about about our dictator mayor Rome Athenaeus, Virelia. Yes, I did see that and you know something I don't care if the kid weighed 150 pounds what was that pump doing out there disrupting traffic anyway? He was just looking to be a part of this group of rowdy people in the street and I say hats off to Rome Martinez beat him up again is what I say Yeah, but why can't they come around and turn around and the food roll? They are How did it? Are they? Is then I would have said that that's not there Well, they will go through this kid and jail. Yeah, and now it's the kind of around the dropping hole charges and those will say anything about the kid turning around and seeing the mayor Why can't they charge the mayor if the photo shows him hitting maybe I'm losing my mind Let me let me find the story, okay? It's in a herald what page? Oh, the page 606 E now that's that's in the uh, date section. Right. I'll find it I'll get to it. That's all what I thought I thought that the kid was swimming the mayor is never to story wise, huh? Where the hell is my story? See this is the problem and you got a guy damn new That puts out two different sections Oh, here he is right it is 60 it says The state attorneys off his dropout charges against mirrorbell And maybe doesn't say he's swimming well while the water held us nice to him In addition to which what was he doing out there in the first place like I said before besides being a punk and disrupting traffic and you know grabbing us I don't have no respect for people to do that Nice going there pick on a small guy. That's always the way to do it. He's not going to pick on some 250 punk guys going to beat the crap out of him. He picks on a little guy beats the crap out of and uses him and is as an example That should be a message going you kids out there. If you're going to beat somebody up in school Don't take on somebody at twice your size pick up on some little wippy kid and beat the crap out of him And then they will fear you At least all little rippy kids will fear you the big ones they'll keep the spot out of your ass 567560 pound 560 on the eight they just obsessed with that thing with that channel so that again channel 7 exploiting a situation again over and over again for fun and profit because they found it on the teeth Here's a mobile and palm at a park hello You got yes, sir Go down the hill after watching on a circle your bulls on the news squatting over their maps and look at it the radars and all Other crap that's way to find out what the weather's gonna be is look out your window Yeah, and I want to say to all the douchebags in Indian trail we never let our canal water down We're a bunch of scumbags. Thank you. Okay good luck sir 567560 pound 560 on the 18T level. So that we have one person call issue yet Who was a debatment or concert Sunday night? Oh who actually showed up there on Friday? No, no, I wouldn't admit it either I'd be embarrassed See remember he admits it because we already know he's that cheap that he wouldn't give up his hundred and fifty-dollar piece tickets That I believe he actually paid for him which is there definitely ain't gonna give those up 567560 pound 560 on the 18T line here's a lady mobile in somewhere. I can't read this thing if you paid me hello Hello, yes, man I heard you earlier talking about the actin fire. Yes, man. It's gonna tell you it works and it's safe Well, are you telling me something? I don't know I've been a I've been to main tower the actins for five years on here Yeah, yes, man. Did know that while there you go. Huh Well, I think And I people if people would read about it At least read the box well, they must be reading the book because it's still number two on the paperback vest tolerance been out for five or six years now But the problem is a lot of people are lazy so they'll call up and say oh I hear about the actins How do I do it? I always say well while I'll start by reading the book would be good Right? Yeah, just need to get educated All right, okay. Thanks. Okay. Bye Yeah, this American Dietetic Association. Let me say it again You people on a hang your heads and shame along with most of the physicians in this country We have an epidemic of fat more people dying from fat by far than dying from cigarettes And yet the government is so righteous about the cigarette that tobacco companies and they're lying well how about the food companies are they lying to Wonder bread makes strong body seven ways wonder bread kill people, okay? It's it's goddamn crap is what it is all that stuff refined carbohydrates kill And especially if you have diabetes. I don't tell that to the American Diet media Association that is still doing there There were whatever and how they call that thing the balance though it's from the food groups all at bulk That's bulk crap the pyramids came yeah the pyramids game right you're a bunch of idiots You just try doing that American Diet media Association diet and then start taking your blood sugar If you are and watch it skyrocket to the goddamn moon Jackie Gleason will be proud even Alice never went to the moon that fast 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line Here's a call from Naples hello. Hey Neo. Yes, sir. Well, there goes the wonder bread account We don't have any wonder bread accounts. I can tell what hey I found the curious when his storm came through That once it reached 75 miles an hour and they declared it a hurricane But for the next 18 or 20 hours The speed never changed it didn't go to 74 miles an hour. It didn't go to 76 It was always right on 75 yeah and as interprotech Naples because they were saying we might get it first They were preparing us for 40 not gusts I said to my wife worth the 75 mile an hour winds But she said well That thing was gonna stay at 75 miles an hour come hell or high water until everybody milk the color I want worth well, what does that mean? Well, I don't think they tell us if it had dropped back to tropical storm strength Well, let me ask you did you have any damage over there? No, we missed it it went over to it towards you guys. Yeah, so what are you belly aching about? Well, I'm not accepted they kept saying this hurricane the hurricane hurt For all we knew it was less than that, but nobody was about to admit that below there So in other words, you're telling us now that they lie about the winds ranked two Now we did a lawyer was guilty but they lie about it. I wouldn't be surprised. I'm kind of a communist conspiracy Maybe they easily said something to do with it I explained for 18 hours it was exactly 75 miles an hour. I don't know. I'm not gonna need your Rologist. I have no idea. I think I got out in the Atlantic then they said oh it's 80 miles an hour Oh, I know is that Floyd that we were tracking for days and days that we had much greater warning on That that reached the certain whatever the hell it was intensity and it stayed the same for a very long time Also for many many hours Exactly. So what's the problem with that? Well, I mean that's the way hurricanes works are are you a meteorologist? Alright thank you Sounds like a comic plot to me 560 50560 palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I guarantee of my two o'clock now one Personal call is show who was it who went to the there were thousand people Went to bed mid or Friday night at the macaroon. Oh, and then by the way there were some people wondering How come we had this crappy attendance to the path the game Saturday 14,000 some odd ticket sold and I don't know how many showed up. Maybe we'll get us by report on that how many actually we're in there? I hate to break the news to you, but after they had the one debacle there the night before after the parking lot is flooded and after a lot of people also are flooded in Maybe a lot of people were gonna take their lives in her hands again You think that might have had a little bit of something to do with it? Uh, could be Here's a mobile encoken a crate hello. Hi Neil. Yes. Are you doing okay So I mean, I was calling just to say that first of all everybody that's breaking about the so called hurricane center This guy that they all think is all their god beside you Jerry Gerald. Yeah, he predicted that this thing was not coming our way Right, he said it right on television. Did he really hope? Yes, he did so he blew So he's one of the more on-down and hurricanes that are that screwed up Yeah, then he has a little bit of a listen film. Yeah, actually said that it was not coming here Well, he said that it was not coming to us. It was going to Naples and we were only gonna get the Elskirts of that storm right? So I mean everybody that's sitting at the National Hurricane Center did nothing wrong Right there. They did something wrong You can't say it's not coming this way say that it may not come this way or whatever in addition to which if they would have been doing their job right There's no reason in the war why any of the other people don't know nor cross to any of the other ones Why they would have contacted them? Maybe they don't do that Right, they might have been demolished a little bit if they want you know for a fact like Ryan hyperventilates But they certainly would have been contradicted the forecast exactly The other thing was so that so what I call a moron that called you a little while ago and said How we don't have it that bad? These people with only four inches of water and they're being room and all that about not Another people North Carolina Asking what about the lives we lost when that in that four inches of water Absolutely like it if he lost his whole family understand he doesn't care he's another one of these assholes who only cares about what it's like We didn't know about a three block radius of where he is another than that he doesn't care That's the Florida way man. Right Well, Neil you're still God. Okay, later hanging there five six seven oh five sixty so Jerry Gerald you screwed up you old fart the national hurricane says because when I left here on Thursday I thought well, you don't got a miscellaneous the rains over the weekend But didn't think I was gonna miss the end of the world Or that there would be 15 and 20 issues of rain here and all this flooding and people have it in the risk breakdown and power out for outages for over a million people What did I say power out for artages Whatever the hell I said you know I'm talking about you want to talk about no too bad get with it Fact that I get upset any morning. I turned on the TV. They had oh and by the way remember the guy that called us last Thursday And was asking me to I believe in the ying and the yang and the balance and said we were gonna have because they had the hurricane and turn the earthquake in Turkey There was gonna be a massive earthquake in California in December 22 He called while you were going to I bet he did well. Yes, I got you're over two months Off asshole we can't use forecasting like that 1157 a QAM From the creators of the fabulous show who wants to be a millionaire is who wants to live in a trailer park? Okay for 35 food stamps a child will have an IQ of four if your sister has sex with a Her brother that's me be for cousin. Oh, it's just I'll see the town idiot Hey, that's me too or D the family dog scrub me. I don't that I didn't get no babies from it So I'm gonna have to go with a her brother Me final answer yeah, and the answer is yeah either egg or see because you are her brother and the town idiot And you do in fact have a son with an IQ of four don't you? Yeah a sub-trients if your mum drag Billy Joe And smile to the cameras tune in next time as we try and turn those 35 food stamps into a double barrel shotgun with no safety On the one who live in a trailer park on ABC Shut up WQM so anyway, I must confess Then when I see all these people in the flooded out trailer parks No, you know probably shouldn't say this, but I you know honestly is the best policy See these poor bastards flooded out in the trailer parks like the people of the locker they had them on TV last night Papa papa papa they were really pissed off and I thought to myself well, you know, I mean the trailer tracks let them lose their souls, you know So that's what I think I mean the kind of people who live in trailer parks you can't feel too sorry for him, okay? I mean if somebody died or something really terrible you have to be a little bit sympathetic But when people are living in trailers they had one woman on there. I mean the whole thing was trashed She spent a thousand dollars to buy this trailer and she thought her life was like all said everything was in a great And the thing is just trashed what good timing Tommy wants to show you a picture of his house Oh Tommy by the way lives in a trailer Shoulda known that anybody walks around with here like that lives in a trailer park Lovely look at that These look like pictures from candidate were late not a longer late, but inside the lake so as you would drive and buy you didn't know that you were laughing at him That's beautiful. That's great. I Have it there is that yours Oh Somebody's got a nice pick-up truck there Which you gotta have when you live in trailer park you got like a little car in a trailer park Your screwed look at that Jesus Christ water almost up to the frickin window What what is that I see a roadchion to ground by the trash can yeah, so two Roadchions on the ground where is this trailer park what's in him but look at the jean this did you see that There are lakes smaller than that Well nice going Tommy like I said trailer trash 567 05 60 oh man those pictures are staggering Shoulda seen those roaches on a ground They weren't moving either and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's the fact that there's so many people were cuckoo on home on Friday We had nearly eight see the people that didn't get to run of it. They're like wow, you know too bad Snob's what's a big deal and the people are really got belted by this thing They're like what's that was wrong with you in sensitive batches? Don't you give a crap at a course the answer is oh, no, they don't It says is America we didn't have more accidents on the road of course when you see the way they drive on dry Paving on luxury ordinary day bad enough So I think I made the right choice get out of here Thursday Friday over the weekend coming back last night Sunday night Good choice Neil I must I must be a psychic I must have a premonition Now if I was psychic enough I would have a premonition today coming in here. The studio was still all screwed up again Wouldn't that would have stayed home, but I'm not quite that psychic yet Here's a call from Jupiter hello Jupiter yes Did you hear about that two-pock thing that he found two-pock in Mexico? 560 yeah, they got two-pock in the net okay popbell brewery stuck them there and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line I do in real bad bad jokes Here's Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir. Yeah One thing about this hurricane. Yes, I heard the guy from the flood control district down here in the sandank County He said that he was only notified Wednesday that the hurricane was coming this way and he opened the flood dates But he should have had him open before that. I mean I've never seen Miami canal overflow its bank Never seen it before I've been living here since 169. Yeah, I think for the blame that to do with the flood control district It didn't open up to the gates Okay, that's all I got thank you sir So in other words if we got something that's a last minute emergency situation it's obvious here that it's sheer panic The powers that be here can't get the job done when we have very little warning They got enough hard enough time when we got days warning like with Floyd when it couldn't get a ride And they're evacuating thousands and thousands and hundreds of thousands of people even after we knew that the I of the storm was already well north of a dating rower and Amiris on there going Did you see mine over again yesterday one minute he had had to introduce him. I know I'm so disappointed in him our old former friend one miniatah News guy Very short time channel seven news guy for about five minutes Of course he couldn't hang out there too long because some of the news people got chasing him up and on a high It was what I understand So now he's one of the parents on a mayor's shoulders there in Dave County and by the way I noticed more and more people are calling it Miami-Dade County stop doing that. Okay stop it Where do you live all in in Miami-Dade County? No nobody with a brain calls it that okay the fact that the politicians were stupid enough to do that and Spend all the money for new litter head and everything else that's their problem Only stupid people say Miami-Dade County, which is why we didn't the hurdle a lot Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello in Miami-Dade yes, sir. Hi, Neil I just want to talk about the Hurricane and the way the news covered it. Yes, sir. I don't know like at eight o'clock Maniclock You know when the winds were coming in I turned on channel six as you always go and on yeah, and I wonder why it said You know a little small thing on the screen there says tropical storm watch I mean this is a very clock when Friday Yeah, that's on Friday. Well when the hurricane was coming over. Yeah, Friday. Okay tropical storm watch was the day before But I mean by that time the hurricane was already here on Friday. Oh, but the hurricane was on you know I remember was when the hurricane was coming through it said tropical storm watch night, but yet they're saying the hurricane came through here. You know hurricane force winds You know and I don't know where the hurricane warning was You're probably out looking for right now not only that but moved up man like I said they all blew it Exactly we had tickets for the show right times of musical yeah, and the power center for performing art right and they didn't want to cancel it Because they would have to give you your money back exactly, but I mean isn't a little dangerous you know to have your uh that was Friday night That was Friday night and they expected people to come in the middle of that rainstorm from people to be crazy and rest their lives Yeah, I mean what we do The only option they had open was either uh, you know We're a place your tickets for another night, but then we bought good teach you know, you get money for those each and we don't want to get stuck all the way in the back You know in the in the in the in the Mezzanine What did I do well we we showed up man? You know because it said tropical storm watch on the screen. Oh, I see yeah, and we'll we hit the roads Then you know cables were falling and you got to die. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm not a piece up I'm glad you survived it pal Thank you Neo and have a great day. He survived in spite of you people in the media You blew it you suck you stuck that you went out You're always quick to say oh what a great job They did they really gave us a lot of warning and I had everybody perfect well when they do a good job You say they do good job and sometimes they do But this time they stunk Even some of the dumbest people in this town even people are so cheap they went Friday night to the bed Middler concert that got postponed. They'll Sunday even some of those people said they stunk that's right That's why I hear 9 minutes past noon at 5. 60 WQA. I weater doesn't whistle What would you do if I put in my face? Would you stand up the world down on me? Yes It works my rear about oh You too long There's no stopping my jingle very You What everything Let's It's a coincidence hana! Rose Betty's Get Pramptom! Coffee Coffee was for My Children! Klappa's Coffee Tea Tea Tea! We getting into a globe of What's this thing that 5-6-W if you want? So Lisa's got some dietary she's doing now. And she's got somebody lost 80 pounds on the egg and there are thousands hundreds that maybe millions of people now. Who've lost weight on the egg. Can't any of you go off the egg? Can't you gain the weight back? Fast. Fast. And it doesn't work for everybody. But it works for a lot of people and it brings your blood sugar way down. And for many, many people, most I think it brings your cholesterol and triglycerides. You're blood lipids way down. But of course, it, you know, it defies traditional medicine and traditional all of Southern Bullcraft, traditional propaganda. And I'll say it again. If you listen to the American Diet and Heddo Association, you'll be listening to the same assholes that gave you the low fat thing that made so many more people fat than ever before. The people that were shoveling down the snack wells and the intoments don't us, but it doesn't It's at a time. And speaking of shoveling down stuff that is low carb come back after a long bizarre weekend. And expecting fully to see cartons and cartons full of these great morangs. I thought I'd come in here and there'd be at least a few dozen of these in here. Are there any here? No. I mean, I went on, I didn't like it about a 40 minute commercial on these things on Thursday. And I wasn't exaggerating. This is the best thing for the heck. It has no calories, no sugar, no artificial sweeters, no carbs, no nothing. And it's delicious with taste. Little meringue balls. The long times since I've had balls in my mouth like that. I would say at least in the last two times you'd end. God, they were good. Did we get any more? No. No. Thanks a lot Peter Leonard. Okay. I know we had a storm. We had a lot of rain. You went to a lot of pressure. You know, we know what's all about. Crazy person. Here's a derail. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. I'm in derfiel. Here's derfiel, like I said. I'm going to wrong. Well, that's confusing. Go ahead. There you go. Maybe you're really in a derail. You don't know it. Maybe I'm on a right line. You're in Miami, Dave. Oh, I'm sorry. You have no idea. I know. I listen to the channel six on Friday night during the hurricane. Yes. That's something very interesting. They said, if your power goes out, those of you are power goes out. You can turn on the radio in 877. I'm thinking, your power went out. How would you know that? The TV's off. So like an hour later, my power went out. I'm actually remembered with 877. Turn on that freaking metz game on. There. There. Go. Well, I don't know if the wind's going to hit me or rain's going to hit me. But I know the score is a metz game. I mean. Now wait a minute. That was the game that rained all the way through the game. Was that the one? Well, there you go. There you go. Well, I knew it was raining up there. I must have been a big storm. Have a great day. Okay. Thanks. We know what he said. No. It was pretty interesting. But I wasn't following it. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Before we leave today at 2 o'clock, I wound one person to call. Not remember. I wound one other person to call. Who actually showed up Friday night at the Mcerreiner for the Bedminton or Concierge. They won't do it, Willie. No, because they're too embarrassed. They're too embarrassed. They know the mums, and colored the gannick. And they're too rustle. So thirsty? Have to curge and Bonjour Ignitio. And he said,ikt,you have to be. I mean, a rain is coming. It's like the end of the world. And you're going to go see that fat bitch, pett and mittler. I wouldn't walk from here across the hall there. And it'd the nephew himself is. I wouldn't walk that far. To go see bit glor. And you're going to go to the guardian macaronin and a driving hurricane with water Crazy people, a lot of they wouldn't call. I wouldn't need it. I'd be way, I'd be mortified. I'd be in hiding. Here's a derail. Hello. I knew how you doing. Okay, sir. A couple of things. Sorry about that line. I put my finger in the wrong place. You were saying, D'Arol, I was going, hello? Hello? No, I just want to keep going. You're toast. Okay. I was checking out all the stations on Friday and on Thursday. The best. That has to be done. Oh, done. No, yeah. He's the best. Did he do a good job? Yeah, he's the best. He usually does. I mean, did he really tell us that the world was coming to an end? No, but see, that's the next thing about him. He's so calm, so cool when he talks. Yeah. You know, it's like you can calm down because, you know, it's just a lot of rain. Another thing that I noticed on other stations that I know you've ever seen when they show satellite pictures, they have like three or four different shots. So everything, you know, they have one that shows the hurricane and white. And then they got another one that actually shows the rain and red. Right. And then they got this other one that's a black screen. And it shows, you know, the whole United States outlining white. And it's almost transparent. Yeah, I know the one time. I want to give you the real thing, you know. Yeah, we know. Yeah. And it actually, it's one that you can actually see the jet stream. What is going on? Right. Or it's front. And then behind you, you can see clear. Right. Well, when the storm had left Cuba and it was going straight up, they kept saying, It's going to go to Tampa. It's going to go to Tampa. I noticed that there was a front over like 10 a.m. And Alabama coming down our way. Now from past, they've always said, Front, push it, you know, to the, to the ease or whatever. Not one to the ever mentioned about that front. And I kept looking at it and I kept saying, I wonder if that front is going to push it at all. But they can say, no, it's going to go north, going north and never talked about it. All of a sudden, it started moving east and right over us. And I just, I just never understood why they didn't mention about that. I mean, anybody knows their geography realizes that what is it about the 80, 80, 85 miles across for an alligator rally over the West Coast. Right. The state of Florida is a narrow thing. It's a narrow peninsula, you know. Right. How far off do they have to be in their forecast for the thing he'd come over here. I just don't understand what they were so casual about this. Right. Now, one last thing, Neil, just to take it completely out of what we're talking about. Please. Did you, um, this was, uh, because, uh, about Thursday's program. Did you receive my facts this morning about that, um, um, I've been living in the close to Liberty City. Oh, yeah. I've got it standing by here. I got it. Okay. That's a, that's a, you know, very, you know, thing that happened. You're, you're learning your lesson. Mom's the word, man. Yeah. All right. Thanks. I don't know. Hey, you got some of your facts about an experience yet, which I have time. Maybe I'll read it. Maybe not. Maybe tomorrow or maybe not. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. That's right. If, uh, O.J. would have been what I wouldn't have talked about him. All right. That's a call he was referring to. Sometimes such a professional racist. And let me say it again. You know, every time I go up there to Ontario, it's always amazing to me that the black people are speaking with. Just as I'm speaking it right now, perfectly. I'll be speaking it right now. Be perfect. It's a fraud. It's another part of racist America. Maybe keep black people illiterate. Keep poor people illiterate. And don't think it happens by accident. Don't think that the education system is a piece of crap, especially in poverty-stricken neighborhoods. Because, uh, well, just the crap happens, you know. That's the way they wanted. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just agree with the last caller. Um, I see why he didn't pick up on why he was going to turn east watching. I don't know. It was because, uh, no, he only wanted to turn it. Didn't say it was going to come our way. Um, he did say. You know, he did not say he kept saying it was going to go to the north. And you had, uh, it's like I built them all and, uh, north cross. Right. Actually got it right for a change. The way the furries got it right. Yeah. Every time they go live with the weather center, they say, uh, to hurricanes. And I mean, it would say it looks like it's much a little towards the east and then the hurricane center, which I read, but it, oh, no, no, but it's still going to go to the north. Don't know, Captain. So the guy that said, we had a couple of calls saying Jerry Gerald of the hurricane center really blew it. Yeah. M and Max Maryfield or whatever the name is. They've both of them. They got it. They totally got it wrong. And, uh, don't know. He kept saying we're just going to get a little wind and a little rain. That's all I got to, you know, try to be too calm. You know, he's that calming voice like the guy said, well, he tried to be too calm. Come on, inducing. Yeah, exactly. You're in a little fall sense of security. Exactly. Exactly. Nice. Go on, Don. Oh, and here all I've been seeing all the raving about him for years now. He's always been, huh? He blew it. I mean, big time blew it. North Cross. You got to hand it till this time. I mean, I have not a North Cross fan ever since the end of the country. He's driving me nuts. But he actually got it right. So did, uh, you got to answer that. You know what? That's like a boy who cries wolfing. You know, I know. Cross is always hyperventilating. And he's got so little credibility with anybody with a brain now. And when he starts saying it's coming in, anybody else says, no, you'll wonder well. Maybe he, there he goes again. Well, here's my experience on Friday at about three o'clock, I'm on 595 and a university Hay North Worth Plantation. You couldn't, you should know what he should have been on the road at that time. Let me tie it. It was like horrendous conditions. And so, um, if they had issued hurricane warning, at least this way people would Let their employees go home early. What happened was he had everybody getting up between 360 and PM on Friday night and Broward. And they're all trying to run a streets. And it was like, it was a hurricane out there. It was a run their topical storm warning. Not watches a earlier caller said. And what they should have done was upgraded to a hurricane warning, a hurricane center. The center of it passed like six miles west of Cooper City. Jesus. So did that close enough to categorize it or hurricane? Now we didn't get hurricane wind. We didn't have any sustain with a 75 mile an hour. But what the hell? I mean, 58 mile an hour, Gus is not like that. Like I said, they're always telling us some of the worst weather in the heaviest rain is always in the northeastern quadrant. I mean, they've brainwashed us with that. That's one thing we've learned over the years. And the northeast quadrant of any hurricane. That's where the heaviest rains in the worst damage usually is. Yeah, when that center came up through a flamingo floor, that's where the water channel should have happened like around 10 a.m. I think. That's where the hurricane center should have said, look, hurricane warning, all mean, you know, everybody get home and just stay home for the rest of the day. Don't be out driving around because then the news start saying, well, everybody's out sight seeing in the middle of the store. They should be out there. They work sight seeing. These people had to go to work. If they didn't go to work, they're afraid to lose their jobs. That's what happened. So that's what happened. You know, just want to give you my story. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. So Don, no, he's an unequipless now. You just went off the great lofty, great a list. Just looked down several matches. Okay, done. No, too bad about that. Good guy. Easily, uh, oh, no. No more no. Five six seven. I'll tell you one thing was beautiful in Toronto. Don't be rubbed in it now. I thought, well, it was nice. Sunning and 70 on the Saturday didn't rain all weekend. Got other just want to start to get a little bit cooler and the cloudy and get gray. The Neil Roger show sports radio five 60. You. Hey. How are you guys? In low. There's a sound. Velocity. There's a sound. Velocity. And a show. You will agree. There's a lot of money on that everybody. They try a door and try to claim to pay. It was hanging in the time that's when Andrew came. But when we get a soft summer of rain, he gentle, high-performance, a-lain-date-like-sex-rich-sleeves. This is out. Velocity. Oh, this is out. Velocity. And a show. You will agree. People are on the army of their people. Oh, excuse me. I'm so fascinated because of the Ying and Yang here again. I get a letter from Barbara and Kendall. Thank you, Barbara. Very nice letter. But the only thing she's upset with me about is I keep mentioning you know who O.J. And he loves the publicity, et cetera, and so on. Well, Barbara, amazing as this little sound to you. True story. This came in with all the rest of the mail today. So here's a big package we get. A FedEx package. And you look at the return of the rest. It says Lance Edo in the West Palm or somewhere. And you open up the package. This big bulky thing. And inside is a letter. A two-page letter. Obviously, Erzaz, but then the very humorous. I'm using. And a huge, not just a knife. What would you call this thing? Not a hatchet. I mean, a knife about like 40 times the size of any knife that I've received. Like a gigantic, like a super Puerto Rican Swiss blade for a seven-foot tall Puerto Rican, like a folding lechette. Yeah. But, well, it's not really a lechette, but it's almost with a big long wooden handle. And open it. The main cool or knee, whatever that is, some kind of frog thing. And anyway, this is, I want to forward the item and close this if you could help me find the possible owner. It seems to be a work fine opening, but only partially closing. That's set of him. So on. Oh, yeah. This is imported from France. Since I recently attended the Gulf Term and sponsored by your station, I don't play golf. I was the guy behind the grassy Noel on the 18th hole. I was, I was dear to try to get a side on. I mean, setting one of the celebrities that attended. And says he picked up this pocket knife. Drop one of the celebrities. Okay. Thank you so much. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. We had tickets to go see Ragtime at the theater for my arts Friday night. They're telling you to stay in all across the television stations, all performances have been canceled, etc. P.S. They want to have the performance. I don't know for who because all the streets were flooded and closed. They won't have another performance give you any new tickets. All you can do is go down on any given day, no earlier than 7 p.m. And if they have any tickets. They'll give you whatever seats are available and we spend over $150 on these tickets. So, they won't give you a refund. They won't give you anything. What kind of place is that? Even if they give you seats in the nose for you sections and they're only $40, you spend $150, you lose your money. Nice. So much for counting government, huh? There you go. Okay. Don't do it again. I won't. Okay. How do you like that? What kind of crap is that? Why didn't they cancel? I mean, did it take a rocket scientist to figure out here you got a hurricane? Not just the top of the storm. You got a freakin hurricane, man. You get on there in the middle of the day and all afternoon all evening and you announce all of these things have been canceled. They'll be rescheduled at a later date or whatever or if you want to refund. Whatever. The problem is nobody wants to give anybody their money back. That's the problem. That's why they hand in hot and that bit midler crap and she still wanted to go ahead with it. Of course you wanted to get paid. What's that? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's four pier. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The four pier is cherry. Sounds like you, Terry. Hey, how are you? All right. I've got a bunch of diminished surfers up here. I was trying to tell them about you. I was hoping you might play if you could before they show the con just on. Okay. The right. It's your show and you're right about the weatherman. Did you see Dave Burrie two weeks ago in his column? He wrote all about the weathermen and how they sit on the same seat for 60 hours and if it didn't happen again. No, my mother won't let me read Dave Burrie. Well, he is pretty radical. That's true. Okay. Have a great one. Bye. Okay. They're doing it up there in four pier. They can barely hear us. How do you like that? Of course, so they can barely hear us down here to on this station. We got this great signal. Like that. You're letting it this thing out. I'm feeling a little bit better. I can a little bit of a comeback after that first-growth test calf hour this morning. Thank you, again. Thank you. Thank you. I'm glad you're doing well. Thank you. That's beautiful. I love that thing. Can you actually understand it? Yeah, you sound like Darth Vader. Beautiful. I love that. Beautiful. I love that. Beautiful thing. I love this. So what's in the alarm? I'm sorry. Getting carried away. I'm getting like a real one book. Oh, seriously. We're going to do these things. In fact, if we had a real engineer, he would just order it and we'd go out to Greg while he was in there about getting the real shredder. I'd like to stick his ass in the shredders when I would like to do. I'd like to put him in a shredder. In fact, his hair already looks like somebody beat me to it. Well, that's Faggy Roman haircut. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, Greg, it's a knife. It's a knife. No one had him see this. Oh, God. Can you imagine this psychosis of he saw that? I think Neil's going to commit suicide on the air. He's going to pick knives. Here's a mobile and cut. I'll see. I'm on a wrong line again. I know where the hell I am. I can't read these dance. Sunny aisle, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Oh, sir. Hey, let me ask you. I'm not going to even brought it up yet. But they're in that hurricane around 345. I'm Friday. Yeah, they're going to go to an update. They start screaming. They start screaming. You could tell something was going on. They start screaming around. Oh, that day. They didn't come back for an update. Who's day? It was either a channel of a channel 7. OK. They didn't come back for another. They were supposed to come back at 4 o'clock with an update. They didn't come back till 530 with the National Weather Center. Nice. And at that point time, the National Weather Center said they had lost their server on their computers. Meeting so far. Two hours they had no idea what that hurricane was at. That's beautiful. And at that point time, as when they decided to say that it was only a child that it was only a tropical storm because they did not want to head that egg on their face by saying what it really was, which was a very borderline hurricane. Right. So I mean, no one's brought it up, but they lost their service for over 2 hours. They had no idea what that thing was. That's beautiful. And what time did it start really raining hard here? Listen, I was at sunny hours and I'm from upstate New York. So I've been through blizzards, but I tell you what. If a hurricane fired with hit here, I don't know what would happen. Yeah. I mean, it was scary. And the Sanchez did say one of the funniest things ever I've ever heard anybody say. At one point, they showed these people like in. They've your Cooper sit on the way they were pulling sandbags out to their car. I was around like eight nine o'clock in night. They had truckloads of sand. And then he goes, it's a little late for that. Is there overflowing? Yeah, nice going Rick. I got an image for more questions. What's the, um, with the, um, Panthers? Did they have an all-russian line? I heard they're going to have last week. In a hockey game, all Russians playing in one line. They never happened. Oh, yeah. And they brought that kid into the salsa of up. And he played with, um, two Russians, right? Well, no way. I mean, he beat him, but he took Burrace play. See, because Burrace was out injured, right? But there's folks having all Russian line. And I was wondering if they're allowed to speak Russian when they're out there. No, no, absolutely not. Angle only in place. Very good. Very good. They must know the Russian mafia. They'll speak whatever they want. Very good. Okay. A great day pal. Don't buy house. 560560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Yeah, they had 14,000 in some for that area. Exciting 3-2 overtime when against the ducks on 39. And like I said, they should be interested around that, that many showed up. I have never made you actually were in a flood. How was the drainage here, by the way, at the macaruna? How's the parking lot up there? We're going to get any spy reports on that? No. For tomorrow night's game against Vancouver, in which Pablo Burr he might be back. But you know something I have a feeling that if he's not going to be back for tomorrow night, we probably won't hear anything about it at the head of time. Because they want us to show up. You know what I'm saying? 24, I wanted 560, WQM. Hey, what's the has a pair? These days, there's a lot of confusion about banking. More big banks are merging with bigger banks. And they're all making promises about free checking this and customer service that. But when it's all said and done, you want to bank you can trust. When you can turn to, one that gives you what you deserve. Where's that bank? Judiciary Union. At FU, we know you don't like long lines of the bank. So when you come to our bank and see the line, you will say FU. Want to talk about customer service after talking to one of our loan officers about a home loan, you will say FU. So when you're looking for a bank, there's only one thing we can say to you. FU. I can't remember that. Oh, I know exactly what fact that is, my way. 1245 at 560 WQM. I don't want to mention it because then BFull start the bitch in about it. So anyway, the greatest news in history for me, most of you don't give a crap. In fact, I've not of you care. That song, the Bravo All Stars, let the music easier. So which I told you about the video that I've only seen about three times in my life. Twice an Amsterdam, and one on much music out of Toronto. And nobody, it's a whole compilation of these different groups. Three or four or there's a Swedish group in there. There's a couple of German groups and a back street boys. No less, which of course immediately is qualifies a lot of you. But nevertheless, it's a great video. And Tracy, nearly my new close best personal friend. I have to tell you something. I don't have a, I mean, this is the fact that you want to report about the TV. And I'm going to tell you something. Kid Curry and the Schroger from all my friend did power 96. If you're smart when I get a hold of that thing, they should play the crap out of that over there because they'll be the only ones in, I won't say North America because much music is playing it. The only ones in the US playing it probably. And that thing is going to be bigger, I guarantee you bigger than my retailer more. And the 6 million dollar man. That is, if I could tell you, finally taking a crappy day, taking another depressing day at Greg Reid's sandbox and turning a nice go at Tracy. That's for you, sweetheart. Even if you didn't get me any tickets to the concert. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yes, sir. Have you ever been to Costa Rica? No. So, you know, how the weather is down there or anything because I'm going on there this summer. How the weather is? Well, some days it rains in some days the sun shines and some days it's cool, some days it's a little bit warmer. Kind of like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5. And I hear they got a great McDonald's too. I was a matter of fact, I heard some bad things about Costa Rica. Remember that one time I was going to go to San Salvador? And I did not. And I think it was a very good idea. Is it San Salvador? What do you mean you don't know? I never been to Costa Rica either. Still, but I heard all the great things about Costa Rica from your good friend to Bugman. Phil, I haven't seen him month. Oh, I haven't heard from him. I heard from him from Phil is all the months and months. I got, I got ants in my house that haven't been invented yet. They haven't discovered these are kind of ants yet. New, new, whatever. But at any rate, so I heard all kinds of wonderful things and planned to trip there and then change my mind at the last minute and what someplace else. But nevertheless, I hear what's another one of those banana bull countries. A lot of violent crime, a lot of tourist being kidnapped. I'll have to, so I guess the deal is just don't go to Latin America. That's the best deal. Sounds good to me. After that trip to Venezuela, Colombia. And of course, the only other Venezuelan I ever met was you know who's so. That told me everything I knew you didn't know. We'll see him no more. Here's the sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Do you want to talk to anybody who was at the show some Sunday? No, I guess. Okay. I didn't go, did you go Friday? No. Oh, thank God. Thank God. I live in sunrise. It's like a normally a ten minute drive to the arena. Oh. The entire street was a lake. It was ridiculous. Right. But anyway, the show was okay. Okay. I would say they probably had about 85.90% capacity. But I mean, it was kind of a city. You know, as far as a lot of senior citizens there, I recognized about four songs. I went and couldn't my wife want to go. Oh, right. But so, other than remember went there with a bunch of old far. So I'm ecstatic to hear this. This is great. That's nice going, Rema. It was like that. No, I'm not going to look at it for the early bird. Maybe thought they had dinner there too. That could be. Well, you know what the price is all day right? I don't have to tell you. Yeah. You know, and they were scooping up like 30 dollars T-shirts and 20 dollar programs like they were going out of style. The one thing I did want to say, I'm not a big fan of Sherry. But I saw that show with the National Car Redgled Center also. Yeah. That was an amazing production. I mean, it was like a Vegas show. Different sets, great lighting, great sound. This was basically like, okay. And I left there and I'm sitting myself. I never saw this crowd really get into the show. In other words, what you're saying is you probably should have done the show. I'd like to condo center a carriage hill, something like that. That probably would have been pretty good. Yeah. But I mean, I'm not even going to look at the outside show as far as I was concerned. Now, how is the parking lot at the Mac Arena? Was it? Well, you know, well, probably not. Whenever I go to the Mac Arena now, I try to park at the, well, look at the end of the parking lot that's closest to flamingo road. Right. You know, and usually I can get out of there or no time. It's a little long to walk to the center. But getting back to the car, usually out of there or no time. Yeah. You know, over the flamingo and then go on it. It's fine. So in other words, if they wouldn't have had the concert Friday night, you would have passed. Definitely. Thanks. Thank God for your sanity, sir. Okay. Have a good one. And you, too. There's a shame gentlemen. Okay. Who's not enough to tell us that just a bunch of old parts in the rumors were there on Sunday night. The seed vet mid-Lah. I'll be old Jews from sunrise with there and they're Jew canoos. Well, that's good. You have to have a canoe when it's weather like that. So why not take your Jew canoe? What is that thing with Cadillac? So I've asked that this and I've got all these different questions. I've asked so many times over the years. I can never get a response. You want to know why? Because they're embarrassed to think about it. Why is it that Jew old Jews and shparts of all ages have this tremendous desire to drive a Cadillac? Even if it's a crappy old Cadillac. Cadillac is like a steamship. It's like a normal car. It's like a battleship, like a continental intimidating. Is that what it is? People get out of your way. And then the saddest part is that they take up so much space on a road. When you're that old and that bad of a driver, you should be driving like a puddle jump or not a big battleship. It's not safe us. It may be safer for you. But not only are the people you're going to scatter all over the road, sweet arts. We don't care about them. 560, 505, 60 on the AT&T while it's fine. Glad everybody had a good time with that midway. That bitch fat bitch without knocks you said a dude. Imperious arrogant attitude. And also glad to hear the show was very mediocre. She'd have been much bigger with the Carrechill's condo. Whatever they call it. The amusement set. Here's Pomp and O. Hello. Pomp and O. Yeah, I was there on Friday night. You were there Friday night? Yes, sir. I was in St. Drow about there. Cap calling up until quarter after seven to see if it was still on. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Get out there. There's four feet of water in the parking lot. Yeah. The rain's pouring. The winds blowing. Trees are falling. Yes. Then they notify us. It's canceled. So we turn around. Tell me 30 minutes to get home. Yeah. Then I call seller door productions. They've reached Gadgetellis for Sunday. Why have tickets for Sarah Brighton Sunday? For one? For Sarah Brighton? Sarah Brighton. Brighton. Oh, right. Right. Yes. So they said, well, it was rescheduled. And there's no refund if it's rescheduled. Yeah. And I said, well, that's ridiculous. I said, you, you know, we were out there in the storm. It should have been canceled. Right. So I finally just let American stress handle it. I called them. They told them the situation. They said, don't worry about it. We'll take care of them. Good for them. Always trust American Express. They'll stick it to seller door as well. They should. Well, and they should because it was absolutely ridiculous. But I was also insane for going out there in the first place. Right. Exactly. Don't do it again. But I would never see pay to see that bitch again. If I like to pin it on. Even if you had a float over there, don't do it. No way. Okay, pal. Take care. See you. Five, six, seven, five, six. There's a guy at least to admit that he went to a pool of it. I see that bitch and Friday night through all the rain and the wind and the storms. The diva. Oh, do I hate that worm? So stick and tear all his all the everything is so trendy. Air vinawn and come along these ridiculous words. And they just drive them into the ground. This one's a diva. And that one's a diva. And everybody's a diva. Diva. I used to like diva. You picking on beef all again? Don't forget. He's the dangerous one. The telly right now. Don't ever try. Don't trust him with this knife. Remember the O.J. If I can use those initials again, I mean, they were shing it about the back stabbers, the O.J. That's beef all. Beware of beef all. Paranoid, delusional man. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. All right. I was just one of my friends is a delivery person in the night once a week at the solvus implantation. Right. And you same how bad the weather was. E almost got suspended for a week because you didn't want to go in and Friday night in the hurricane to deliver. Pizza. What about your crap? There. I mean, the math. Friday night when it was four feet or water on the ground in the hurricane and when you said it's not safe conditions, they said, well, we're delivering if you don't come in, you're going to be suspended for a week. That's nice. And finally afterwards, they want to not suspend in person, but who's going to lose the liver and pizza in a hurricane? Who's ordering pizza? What kind of a person at a right mind, expect some delivery guy to sharpen the four feet of water? Yep. And also, we were talking about the that miller and everything. I happen to be getting tickets for a different show. I went on sale and I didn't know the same day. And you get there in the line of all old people. And it's the funniest thing is you sit there, every old person knows another old person. So I have the old people come. You want to not move in because they know everyone and just keep cutting the line, go on the front of everyone. And instead of the line going one way, it starts going the wide way and start the long way. It's all the old people. Uh-huh. Ridiculous. But I just want to say, you know, that's not right for them to sit there and have people deliver pizza on a Friday night and have the people getting trouble for no water. We're doing all the stuff. Well, we'll rip you an ass on the air if you do it again. All right. Okay. Thanks. Expecting people to go out there and risk their lives to deliver a few crappy pizzas. Are you people crazy or what? Uh-huh. Not cases. Woo! It's a 1256 at 5.50 QAM. Speaking of something good to eat. Were you having lunch today? I should ask that a long time or we're not having lunch. Now my head is just, I'm, I feel like I've had a concussion. I really have from this place. Oh! So why are you still out there? I think all the hotels I am a baratone with me some notes can not be. Oh! What's up now? I can't be. They want me to do this. No, what I can reach and this ain't gonna happen. Oh, so. It's so too high. Too high for me. Out of 5 key. It's too high. So why kick me like fat damn. It's not a thing. Oh, right. Oh! It's too high. Too high for me. What'd you kick me for? Spectrum. 101 at 5. 6. We're going to come heckle me a cool city today from 2 to 6. Booge, Sean B. 6 to 7 37. 6 to 7 37. Because it's 7 37. You got the message to break. Couldn't you just write 7 35 on here? What have made sense to me, huh? I'm sorry. Oh my goodness. Show up again. The message to brave tonight. Okay. And by the way, what I do with that fat boy thing that he pointed out to me. You'll love this. The people that hail I was gambled stupid gambling shows. When Robin Ventura had the grand slam home on the window game for the messier, then I was I did see that. And he didn't, uh, wasn't able to, uh, around the bases and touch home play because his teammates mob them at second base. The winning run already scored. So it was rolled a single in the final score instead of 7 to 3. It became 4 to 3. But Ventura single cost a lot of Vegas sports book and better thousands of dollars. It may not have mattered in New York or Atlanta, but in Las Vegas, some better said, wait, your thousands of dollars that the number of run scored would be over under 7 to 1. That would be over under. One sports book set of profit about $5,000 this appeared because Ventura never rounded the bases. All right. Next going, Robin. So we'll see if the brave's continue their fooled up back tonight. A couple of amazing facts is first of all speaking to concerts. You know who's going to be here tomorrow and the next night? Thursday night. Mine here, Rita. But you know now, let me give you a clue. That's clue number one. And regalysis. Well, you got another job lined up? I can't believe you said that. But same ethnic background generally. Fabrizio Fabian, Fairbanner, no, no, you missed the clue. You got to narrow it down more than that. No. Please, Jen. No. Tom. Tom. There you go. Or talk about 20 tries, not bad. So here's a review that somebody facks his meat. What the hell was this in? They never tell me this must have been in a city link or a new time. So review and concerted by Bill Meredith and Jerry, Warms sucker and sucker and sucker and something like that. Great. Nice going guys. Bill and Jerry. I'm not going to be a better name. I won't read the whole thing because it's all costic and I would love it. But the last part is Ricky Martin is proved that the visual element is too important in music without the small screen and the advent of MTV V8 to one other useless avenues for piss and fail Hollywood directors and this rounded cast people like him would still be soap opera actors, a loose use of the term actor or models dancers or choreographers. Martin can't write. So we scoop some songwriter for more for all four or what is it? Oh, this is bizarre. You can't produce a music lawyer step on what a plan is music is so produced that you really can't tell if he can sing. But who cares if he's the next movie vanilla one of those piles of cash being thrown at him? When you're a musical artist and the only real town that's dancing and looking like a latin kind of, you don't have to have a plan. You have a backup plan. Stop backing up America. Nice going. Bill and Jerry. And I hear that Ricky has been back into a lot of things lately. Well, let me just do that. Yeah, that's what I hear. Here's another facts, which I hope are read better next. It's hard to read some of those facts as it's like reading the numbers on the screen over here. Nice come by the way George Corso, you idiot. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. Unfortunately, I was one of the poorest left that had adventure to it. They met her when I fired the vet. I don't like those who went to see her perform. I had to go and work the goddamn thing. I'm one of the jackasses that worked the parking lot there in the arena. Normally known as marshland. While standing in 70 mile an hour window, I had a bunch of old yentas from cemetery. He'll come for all for the concert and complain that their blue hair do's would be ruined by the rain. Mind you that there's a hurricane blowing in one might lose their life. After that, the parking was put to usher people as, well when the people started to come in, we were told the blocked them from their seats. Like we were the offensive line for Jimmy Johnson. The concert was then canceled and all the bull likes the screaming quings and even a rumor were screaming in yelling. They stuck. They were pissed off and fired up. So to make a long story short, the PR people at the macaroon are effing assholes. Says a Dominican in Hylia. He says he can't complain about the drainage in the arena because the reason I got my Dominican friend. Even a rumor was carrying out like a child screaming in yelling with the old yentas. They stuck. Here's a candle. Hello. Now see, I'm on one off on this every time. Where's this? Mobile and landing. Mobile and landing. Mobile and landing. Mobile and landing. Can't read this for a million dollars. Hello. Mobile and landing. Hello. Yes sir. Oh. I was on the front. That's Miami. Here's about. Mobile and Miami. There you go. Yeah. See you. I'm a first time caller. And I wanted to talk to you about your blackhead problems with an answer in your house. You mentioned that earlier. Yeah. Um, they're probably called whitefooted blackheads. Whitefooted. Whitefooted. They don't likefooted. Yeah. Maybe likefooted. A couple of any creatures in my house. The most people though. They're, uh, you can't get rid of the little bastards of the, uh, They don't take the poison to the nests or something. Kill everything. So they take the poison in the basket. Yeah. Yeah. They, um, but you can't get rid of them. I haven't too. And I got a real problem. I have a question. You know what's really hardest about getting rid of them is what the bug man does. You show up for like two, three, four months at the time. It's a real big game. I got my can of hot shot. And I get rid of the ones that saw the other day. But they keep coming back for more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the following. Um, do we have some best get can get rid of them for a while? But they always come back. Yeah. And, uh, so I also want to say I'm, uh, fat freeing from Cooper City's Godfather. And, uh, I just want to help you heard from him lately, or I know he's a long time or A long time, like, right from Cooper City. Like, Frank from Cooper City. I guess you used to go to hockey games really down in the arena. Or not with you, but he used to sit near you or something. Fat freeing from Cooper City. Yeah. Doesn't ring any bells of me. I'm a fat Andy, but he's as deep as the fish is now. Um, anyway. Nice boy. Anyway, I just didn't know if you heard from him. Well, maybe we will now. I'll let you know what it's good or bad. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. See. What do you say? 560, 560, pound 560. This is kind of like an out of body experience for me here today. And what a shame that they're on a whole bunch of those, uh, meringue things, you know? They're going over a real big. They would've maybe feel almost the human to the inspud of the first half hour when we had another screaming and yelling with Gregory Stenner here. Like a clown going, eeeeeey. He can't up against the screen. Oh, gee. I can't even read that. You wouldn't know where any of this stuff is in here. Okay, you wouldn't know what microphone from your guy did. We'll just get out of here. Okay. Go spend some money. Stop talking to good game. Go spend some money and get some real stuff in here that works. And stop talking to good game about what a great company this is. Chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief. That's what you are, baby. Chief, chief, chief. That's why that construction project is, uh, going along so well out there in a hallway. Uh, the whole guy been third floor. It's in limbo. It's doing the limbo rock for about the next two years because they're playing pan piecemeal. Yeah, that's right. Peacemeal. Little piece here, little piece there, which of course is what goes on in this place. A lot. Roy. Eight minutes after one at five, 60 WQA. You've sports radio, five, 60. You, a half. Please, in that frocking. Oh, hey. Yeah. What? I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. Yeah. I'm playing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm playing. And my admission. I'm a bag and do like Trim ball. Yeah. I'm here to promote this mission. It's not that bad all. I'm ready to go. That's all, man. It's the law. It's so bad. It's the police. It's the police. It's the police. It's the police. So I'm going to say proud of it. Oh. He's got proud of high high high in the middle. That's all about. That's all about. That's all about. That's right. I'm so busy. Don't take it or not. Don't take it. Don't take it or not. Don't take it or not. Don't take it or not. That's not the good thing. I'm pretty much going to have a time. Hey, what's with the people? I can't. You're so dumb. You're part of the police. I'm stopping. I thought, what a dick gun! Do what I could say! I found the newest dick gun! I like the wearer's dress! I love that sort of father! I love that kind of father! I love that kind of father! I love that kind of war she's getting worse! I love that kind of war she's getting worse! I love that kind of war she's getting worse! I love that kind of war she's getting worse! I love that kind of war she's getting worse! I love that kind of war she's getting worse! I love that kind of war she's getting worse! I'll write 14 to 5, if you don't co-strike your Martin, please, because if you do, we'll tell. So anyway, the Dominican and Hylia has more to write, he finishes it left his office, and the fun, and this is a good point. Funny thing about the whole experience was that for the Backstreet Voice Concert, it was as clear as the space between Gregory Deers, but they cancel it. Remember that day? There was nothing going on that day, it was on a Wednesday, and the storm was long gone. But they cancel it because they want to give everybody a plenty of, no, it's a plenty of head time. So to speak. He says, I just wanted to get an aluminum bat and smash. He says, this bat, smash, your show must go on. I wanted to get an aluminum bat and smash your head in. Oh, right, nice going to the middle coup. Now, let's use a star. Don't you understand? One, two, three, four, see. What I could have done, where's the magic marker? Here you go. That's almost shows, almost. One. I can't read him. I'm not going to work. I'll put little labels on there. Huh? I have to the show. Oh, I'm sorry. I mean, not yet because we might swap that non-adrout because, you know, here's candle. Hello. Sometimes I feel like I live this time. See me by the wing I live. What was that? Hey, Neil. What just happened to you on your foot? Was that your phone? Who? Go ahead. Neil. Yes. Hey, why not? This is going to go coming down here. When is one? Luis McGill. Luis? Yeah. I don't know. I don't have any date. You know, you know, you know, he's coming down here. He's coming in here going, right? No, no, I'll be there. He's coming in all be there. I'll be there. Okay. I'll be there too. Yeah, Luis McGill, why is that concert coming? Here's a guy who can really sing. I'm like this, this idiot that's going to be tomorrow in the Thursday night. And they'll be jammed with all these silly little people. All these silly little women who think that, oh, Ricky, Ricky, look at me. And he's laughing. Yeah. He says forget it, bitch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T wireless line. Must be very frustrating. All these young ladies out there. They're just obsessed with these young superstars, knowing and deep recesses of their mind. They have less than no chance. Now, how come these all say? Now, I'm going to see the people in off there. And now these all say, because this thing, the piece of crap. Oh, in other words, this phone thing is all screwed up against was made by the Gettner people. And if they won't make a software system. Oh, the Gettner people made it. No wonder the same people had made this phone system. And I was promised we were getting rid of them getting a real phone system in here. So we got a guy been program in here for this thing. That also doesn't work. Holy what untreated the next one if you own. Here's Hollywood, like I said, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I'd like to share my experience on the back of the situation. Yes, I did. I was totally asshole. That attempted to go. Well, I commend you for your honesty anyway. Well, yes. Not your intelligence, just your honesty. Thank you. I bought my girlfriend tickets. 150,000 teeth this way. Lovely woman's thing. I worked in the Gables, live in plantation. Got home about five o'clock. And she says, we better get going. We gotta go see. We gotta have everyone to go. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. They're gonna cancel the condolence. They're gonna cancel it. Right. He says, no, no, they're. We gotta go out to finally at six thirty. I have to make the management decision to do the dive from stress. We'll go out and dive from being electrocuted or drown or the wind or what have. Right. So I'd braid the elements. I'm on my way up. And I'm saying, I can't believe I'm going to see this bitch vibrate or overleaves. And we get up there. I'm stuck in the water. The car is rocking all over the place. And I'm ready to go on to see if there's any kind of an announcement. And while I hear is we gotta shut the freaking stuff. And that did it for that. I don't know if that's gross. I'm going home. And that's it. I have to walk to what sense. Nice going pal. By the way, they have this new non-traceable arsonic. You can bite into the supermarket. It's great. Okay. Five six, seven. Oh, five, sixty. We've had a shot. Oh, yeah. I forgot to mention that. All the marino bashes there in the field. I heard one stupid call this morning. They hung up on them right away. And I'd call it our people. All the marino bashes there. And in seventh heaven now, wait till this kid starts one game. And they get the crappy. They're going to get sacked another nine ten twelve times. And I'll say, oh, gee, where's Danny? Went to come in back. Follonies, baby. Follies in greats. Not as bad as the fans in Philadelphia. But then who the hell is? That thing would. Michael Irvin and a silly fans booing and carrying on and cheering the fact that I mean, just crazy people. There's my friend Ron from Philly who gives me that big check for the set of one of years, a great guy, big hockey fan, pliers and a fan. He's a good guy. Other than that, Philadelphia, is there any good people or? No, just Ron. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah. Pretty good sir. Feeling on why Jews drive those big Cadillac. So I got this from a car dealer. Oh, he before you had the big luxury Japanese cars. Your choice was German and American. So that's why they chose the Cadillac over anything that was German made. That's my that's a theory. Anyway, my question and the reason for my call out with an ice shavie bell air, what was wrong with that? In the next episode. 72 Cadillac, would convertible two door? Yeah. Can you tell me about white top? How about a Henry J? Remember Henry J? It's before your time. Wait before my time. Direct, direct TV set up. If you buy that, do all the other channels become available also as far as like the sports channels. No, when they show hockey. Because now I can now I can be hockey on 740 or whatever number. Right. But sports channel New York and all the others. Right. If I wouldn't have bought it with those channels that have been blacked out. I don't understand. I mean, the the other channels are part. I'm trying to remember because I bought the basic package. I just renewed their beer is aren't the other channels part of the basic package. Or not. I guess. Well, I know that. I know that. But I like some sports sports package. But I bought that in our life thinking that I couldn't see any. And they tell games. But all the games are duplicated on other channels. No, no, no. But if you don't have the center right, see they will though you won't get them on those other channels. Okay. That was my last. That's true. But you'll just you'll get blacked out. Okay. Well, I got plenty of hockey now and I had to give up my pant there or see even tickets because two footed driving just way too expensive for a push. I'm going to like me. Okay. I got you. Backfield. See you. 560560, pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh. Anybody would have told me three hours ago. Three hours exactly passed. And I would be sitting here now at 120 a 1 in the afternoon. I just said yes, sure. Just another under just keep showing those obstacles in front of us. Greg. We ought to be getting gigantic bonuses just for hopping over the hoops that's not in my country. I don't know about anybody else. Let's show a lot of people pay a lot of money to see me and hang cop over hoops. Here's a candle. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. We're going to see the change of subject for a little bit here. If you read about our one of our school board members here in Miami, you don't mean to make sure up a raise with us to guns. Yes, sir. The guy that wanted to put the metal detectors in the school. So you want to make sure that the airport ones work real good. Did you hear what his co-workers said to somebody? She said, why did you wait two weeks to tell everybody because there's a report of the found out about you? Yeah. He's turning this thing around. Why wait two weeks and then owe the press conference after reporter Assyba to then use the signature campaign to hide behind it. Nice. All in there. Yeah. What I'm asking is this. Here's the penalty. One, he can go to gun school. Two, he can go to sixty days in jail. That's the figure part. But you know, we're going on to school. Any of probably put metal detectors into the gun school too. Have a great day, pal. See you. Yeah. There you go. He can a lot but very swisher. They like to take their guns to the airport. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the money you like. Hello. You guys talking to you? Have a great life. Try a Pembroke pine. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I got two fire reports on you about the hurricane. I should one about the hurricane. Did you see Alfonchon? Did you hear about him? No. No. Well, this time you're rather than the honor. I don't want to think about him. He's an asshole. I was a parent too, but I was looking through the channel. I actually saw him on there. So I want to see what he was doing on this report. And this time he was testing out on Brellis. And he was testing out like the $7 Brellis and the $5, $5, $10,000 on it. Yeah. And it was so great because then he, you know, he tested it out and that he was like Turn it both ways to see if it was put inside and out. And it was hoping to be a relative. Yeah. It's hoping number one that it was, you know, his, his, that, but would, you know, get picked up in the hurricane. If not, you know, but then the best one was that he was standing all the $7,000 dollars once a great and stuff like that and a thing broke on. Yeah. All right. Excellent. And the best news I heard all year. Yeah. Yeah. I love him. Yeah. I made your, ham hawk waving asshole he is. Yeah. And number two was about two weeks ago, you know, on yet your station there of Power 96 and everything. Yeah. I like this, this context. There's like that. It's about 8 o'clock in the morning. I'm driving to school. And I hear some lady calling. She's driving a school bus. And she's playing a contest. And she's got kids on the bus. And she's calling her. Oh, yeah. You know, I mean, really, you know, no, she's doing the right thing. She'd be calling in. She was ethnic. That's no person to buy. And, you know, both of us can, hey, yeah, you know, I'm glad you're calling in. Everything like that, like you've got nothing else better to do. But you know, it's nice to see though that after all these years the Cremendous progress that blacks are making in America. And to mom instead of flipping a pancake, she's driving school buses. Well, she had a mobile phone. They're again. And it's self-owned, too. Okay. I'm going to add your mama. Yes. Oh, my head is just splitting from this place. It's just splitting from here like somebody took that gigantic no Jane out that we have sitting over there. It's tempting. I'm actually up in that baby up for tomorrow. Here's lots of hatchy. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Okay, sir. This deserves a, you must be crazy. You must be nuts. Yeah. Well, you know how far Carl's story is, right? I sure do a long piece of fur piece. I'm 20 to 25 minutes west of there. Okay. I have some family members that drove down the bat miller Friday night and they're okay. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. You imagine that? No, not really. How? Why would you risk your life? To see that bitch. Yeah. Imagine driving down the term bike, six months. I can't think of any performer in the world that I would risk in any kind of weather to, to, to, to, to, to, to, you know, drive and take my life in my hands for, right? What's, what's the point? Even even my mother had to give her a phone call. They mom stayed a mile. Unbelievable. All right, now. Okay, fine. Yeah, see to mom, mom. Not. Oh, by the way, speaking of your mother. I got news for it. Nobody in the world. Your mother isn't in the same category with my mother. But George, and I got a contest. To see who is the biggest, unrelenting bitch of them all. And that's seriously. Let's give them in one of those night of each and see. You know, every Wednesday, used to be Tuesdays, now it's Wednesdays. I go to my mother's for lunch, which I'm not going to model for reasons. You'll understand momentarily. Plus, I don't feel all that great, but nevertheless. And she always has to make a big, this is lunch. This isn't like dinner for 20 people. It's her and me. It's got to be 10 courses. This is got to be all these vegetables. This has got to be this. And there's got scallops and meatballs. I mean, it's always good. She's a great cook. But. And I've said to her a million times, why do you have to make so many things. She keeps bringing up. I'll only what you want, only what you want, nothing ever gets thrown out. So while I'm away, of course, she calls the house and I'm not there. So John picks up the phone and she, and I already told her I was taking off and going up to Toronto for the weekend. Why didn't know how come I wasn't home yet after work? Not one right to the airport. During the course of this accidental conversation, but you know, he comes over here. We meet so much food. You've never seen anybody eat so much food. You're left. And then I give him stuff to take home. And I know he takes it on me to the same day. Not to mention them. I little dog who said to vet sick with little, but he's a be all right. But I'm excited to see. Well, he was sick before you left. No, he wasn't sick before I left. But just see dig dig dig and twist and just turn and see my mother has a philosophy in life. If you can't say something bad about somebody, don't say anything at all. I was rifling through his garbage, rummaging through the garbage and found a snickers wrapper, fat rich. She's telling us to fat rich, who, by the way, I think just hit 600 pounds again last week. At the track with that 18th piece of lasagna, I scored my cheese, but nice, no. I asked him, I said, what kind of flowers do I need to bring to your funeral? 27 after one at five, 60 WQM. He, a mother, also. He, down in Jamaica in the car, up in, they got the delivery, got you lovers. As anybody in the neighborhood, he told you this country where the country goes. Rob come down as somebody want to sell and from a mile away, you can detect these, they're a small, small, small, small, small. He like to pop his blip and talk, spoke, gun to smoke, spoke, spoke, gun to smoke, spoke, smoke. The gun shall be good. You'll take a relax hour of indigandance act, spoke it every day until your lungs turn black. With all the funnits that we have made, Jamaica does some need and a foreign head. American tourists from here and say, got nothing like this in the school, they smoke, spoke, gun to smoke, smoke. They like to pop his blip and talk, they begin to pop and talk. They like to pop and talk, spoke, spoke, spoke, gun to smoke. Okay. Here, I'm not ever so new, I'll let us know, man. You like to smoke the giant sip whenever you can. Many people coming here from miles or round, to bite you through you by the ounce of liquor. That's the man, he's a man, I'm all right. He can't you be good tonight and then they smoke, spoke, gun to smoke, spoke, spoke. They like to pop his blip and talk, spoke, gun to smoke, spoke, spoke, spoke, spoke. That kind of junk you could, here. What's your report, 50 WCM? What kind of an asshole will go in a pouring rain to watch any performance? It would be like going up to the cross guy amphitheater to see the backstead boys and getting poured on last year. I'm sorry. Well, I was that jackass Woody Graber would ever give us any advance warning much less upon show and see about 20 miles away and I'd go and Woody. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I gotta tell you a couple of hurricane stories. I gotta set this one up for you. First I want to give Bill come out credit. He was flying around the weather station there. Yeah. He was a hurricane coming, but if like he didn't want to contradict the national weather service. So another thing is right on the edge, he had his toe right on the edge of the aclosion door. Yes, he did. Uh-huh. The other thing is I'm coming into work in the morning, okay, in Hollywood. And I see a channel 7 news truck in a parking lot facing a 711. Yeah. And the reporter is out there in their setting up so I rush into the office and I turn on channel 7. Now bear in mind, this particular parking lot has a 711, a pizza shop and a laundry mask. That's all it's in there. Right. If it drizzles this parking lot floods, it always did. When I'm coming in, there's no floods on the street. I mean, it was like, this is night of clock in the morning, then it was like, uh, a regular summer rain, you know, no big deal. All of a sudden the station comes on the air. The reporter gets on. Here I am in Hollywood. And we can show you how this parking lot is completely flooded. It's just a strip mall. Oh, you talk about no credibility. Yeah. A strip mall for a pizza joint. What a shock. And they had the camera pointed into the one end with his giant pot hole that always floods. That's channel 7. If anybody can find it, they're the ones. I was waiting for Rick Sanchez to come out and squat on a parking lot. I mean, they showed this better watch. You might drop something. Yeah. Finally, they went over to the beach and did something. You know, and showed the little waves over there. Because there was nothing going on at night in Clark's morning. Thanks for the good news. They may not be good, but at least they're consistent. Oh, yeah. 5. 5. 6. Hey, boy, what's that in you out? On the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I used to listen to you when I was with you. Yeah. Back in the days. I haven't called you in a long time. But I heard somebody say you have white-footed ant. That's what he said. And I've white-footed uncles do by the way. Well, I can get rid of him for you if you want. No. How does this guy know I have white-footed ant? I mean, over the phone, this guy is diagnosing my ants. Well, that's what the Army guy said. Yeah. That's how he did. Huh? They might not be white-footed ants, but he's like, well, I have an exterminating company. Yeah. Well, I have to get my buddy fill one more chance. Yeah. Or else you can call me offline. Okay. Give your number. Because fill shows up on the roof. What the... What was that? What was that? What? You didn't feel louder here, that? Hang on, sir. You didn't just feel that thud. I heard a little thud. A little thud. I thought you were typing your foot. Talk to this ant guy. What the hell was that? It just felt like the whole roof was cave in in here. Somebody's thudin' on something out there. Jesus Christ. I got to get out of this building. Got only 23 moments. That's the office pool. Will they survive alive? Get out of here today. Crazy place. These are crazy people here. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Tamarack. Hello. Hi there. Yes, man. I was one of the videos that drove out for the stadium. Oh my God. Wow. You know, $200 worth of tickets. My daughter and I got in the car. Yeah. We went out there to get a half a block from the stadium and they canceled. And I had her call on the cell phone to call the recording to see what they would say. And at that point. And they said that it was still low. And that recording stayed on that phone until 5 after 8. No, until 5 after 8. 5 after 8. Very nice. You know, we went. I had seen her on a lot of touches and I felt she was a better person than that. But in truth. She's a bitch. She's a bitch. Because if you read the phone, it was all her. Right. And it really surprised me when I read that. I thought it was a promoter. And what did she want? She wanted them to move the Panther game from Saturday Sunday. So she could perform on Saturday. Yes. That's a needle. And then I got to get off. Yeah. And then the performance was okay. I'm seeing better share with much better. Right. But she never didn't even apologize. You know, and just one little apology for making, you know, or, or a thank you for the, the 2000 people would die out on the street and break the hurricane to come for your No, no, no, no, no. You want to do that again. Never. Okay. Thanks. That's a great full. So five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and two. I was not a great word, by the way. We don't use enough. So I love that word. Wasn't that a very popular word in the extra system? Oh, so five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and two. Wireless line 21 before two. Hank will be at the cool city this afternoon. Oh, a long. So you're so big. And now a fun fact from ass. If you've ever wondered why you ran this was kind of brown looking. It's because it's very gaseous and the dust particles around it and a congeal within the gas and give it that dark hue. Another little known fact about Uranus is that it too has many thin rings around it. It's also the only planet in our solar system that spins on a reverse axis. Probably due to a large celestial collision billions of years ago. This one fact has been brought to you by the astrological society scientists. Why? Well, what the hell do you think we were talking about? Has gross. Back to him. Okay, 16 till two or five sixty. WCM don't forget no pizza loss appearance. It'll be next Tuesday, six to eight p.m. And the good news is that the revised and upgraded and better sounding and co-sure. Best in the LCDs will be inspects starting the afternoon in date and browner. And very, very soon over and four miles in Palm Beach County wherever else so we can get them. Oh, man. Where we going? Let's go. Everything here is a project, baby. Things that other people can do rolling out like rolling out a bed in the morning is a major project. Here a QM. It's a QMF in way because they just don't get it. Here's my me lakes, hello. Speaking of your reenish, there's an article in the Miami, Harold today. Back to them, yes. The Ricky Files. So everything you always want to know about Ricky Mark. There's only one thing I want to know. What is it going to go away already? But they never mentioned the words, Palm or gay. Really? Who mentioned that he nearly got married? Oh, yeah. And they don't mention you were getting a ring and he was nearly married. But they don't mention what sex. They didn't mention where they were putting the ring back home. And they, you want to have 20 kids. Uh-huh. Little boys I've got. Michael Jackson probably had to lease that many. Yeah. Well, anyway, it's my army Harold accurate again. They never think to a whole article about him and they say it's everything you always wanted to know. Oh, yeah. The first thing I wanted to know. Exactly. Believe me, you don't want to know. Have a great day. You don't want to know. Five, six, seven. Like I said before, I've told you this a million times. He's way up there on top now. But he still likes it much better down there on the bottom. That's what I hear. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. So let's take the votes today, the most hateful mother in the world. Spiceful, vicious, vindictive, backstabbing, false-coying, but at least yours can cook. Oh, boy. Yeah, but y'all mean all that food being so much food there every week. You ought to see it. And then he takes some home and I bet you he's eating it. No, I take it home to put it up on a metal piece if I had a metal, which I don't. I put it up on a metal and say, look, here's some stalemate balls. Then mock-up boy they were good originally. Or maybe you heard head up on a metal piece. It looked pretty good. Here's a lady in the Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hi. Yes, man. I have to tell you, why listen to you since long before the birds. And I've been a California back, but I had successfully not listened to more than three seconds of a Ricky Martin song until today. Right. Thank you. I hope you've never happened to check that out. Okay. Thank you. I tried to avoid it as much as possible. I want to name it at the stupid thing. I can never find it because I don't know what to call that thing. Thank you. It's got a different version on the best in the, oh, that's it. Is that the one works as medical one? I'm not a high 60, 705, 60, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Can't wait to hear all these people. Oh, Danny, we told you he's stuck this kid here. He already. Yeah. Right. Thoughts have ungrateful obnoxious disgusting phony so-called sports fans. Man, what passes for sports talking this time? Wouldn't even pass for a pass? Yes. In most places in the civilized world, I'll tell you that. To joke. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, you know how to go, right? Okay, sir. You've got that, you had that sudden, you're building today because I was in Vegas over the weekend. Yeah. And there was, there was an earthquake out in the desert there. Right. And it just rocked the hotel, we were in. What, what was it, how were you in? I was in the hard rock hotel. Right. And you got a hard rock for your money anyway. Yeah, right. First of all, Vegas is everything you said it was. We had the best time. We stayed for five days. We lost money. We didn't care. We ate great. You know, I said the city of Miami and Port Ladadale could get a good lesson on how to show people a good time. Right. Keep people, you know, with things to do. The service was great everywhere we went. And it's just a great place to go. And, you know, and if you're going to ask you this, if Casino gambling is so evil like our two Loose papers are always lecturing us about. If it's so evil and how come it's so much fun out there and such a drag here? I mean, if you don't want to gamble, don't gamble. Right. It's real simple. You know, I like gambling, so I'm going to gamble. Plenty of other thought to do. So we had a great time. It was about three in the morning, Friday night. And I had gone upstairs. I wanted to lay down for a little while. And geez, it was unbelievable. That hotel just started swaying back and forth. And the next day, you know, everybody was telling us, you know, stories about where they were. And it was just a good thing. It was a lot of fun. It was a lot of fun. It was a lot of fun. It was a lot of fun. On the Richter scale. Yeah. It was unbelievable. It was, you know, even the guys working in the hotel, which I wanted to. They never felt anything like that out there. So it was really cool. I wanted to let you know that we had a great time. And it was great. Excellent. We missed the hurricane. But we had an earthquake. Well, one out of two, Inc. Bad. Yeah. I'd be had a good idea. It's a gopaster. 560, 505, 60, pom5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. I'm gagging over here. It's 11, before or two. And I feel better at 2 a.m.