Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rodgers show The Nauton Eagle 567-0560 toll free for David Rower or pound 560 on yourself The Nauton Eagle is guest-polar's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley revack positions or the Beesley grun Yes, one good one now Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QAAM I like the wheels The Royce's on seal They're freaking all but they're still singing the goal What the difference you got, Hem syndrome Move your hands No! No more eruptions! And China! I've got an giant! No, we're regular in each home! The Rolling Stone! By getting a wheelchair section at Home Depot! Jump, stop the air! My place makes a need to know the better. Jesus Christ, it's Wednesday already. I'm just now finding out about all the big stuff that I missed while I was away. Christ, Almighty! Highly a mayor protestor mixed it up at traffic blockade. This was in the hairlast Thursday, July 1. The day after I left for vacation, by the way, was that the day that I did leave. Whatever was. Radio host, Hank Goldberg, who once claimed that Martinez hit him. This is about Raoul. And whether it is in one hand said, but nevertheless, any arrogors tear the mayor for taking on annoying traffic blockade. This is the story about the, BOOM! Didn't the traffic blockade. I don't know. I'm not talking about that crap on me. I'm sure any more. I guarantee you that I promised that yesterday. I will not discuss it. Although there were 37 things in the down by a marathon this morning. Watched up on me sure again. There were playing P. Fountain, Strangers on the shore, and marathon. They don't know who those people are. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hello, good morning. Yes, sir. When is this? All right. I'm, as you call it, the document's like to call our ears. I've been listening to Showa. I just want to talk about something that's horrible. I heard this morning. Yes, sir. I was listening to our favorite ethnic station. I'm not going to give any call letters or anything. But, man, they had those people talking about, just over and everything. About what? The penny tax coming up. Yeah. And, man, they have a stage show of what. And, man, they had all these people from, you know, to transit board and everything. You know, it's trying to give a hard selling. And, how is this going to help the black folks in the black folks having to pay another penny sales tax that'll do it? Oh, all the jobs is going to provide. And, you know, they set it up that it was at the end of the program where, you know, they said, okay, you know, the lines open. So, you know, you can have callers calling. Yeah. Who are you just going to call and throw on the other side? But, it struck me a peculiar that had all these. I mean, they must have had the call set up because it was people that were either on the side of this thing here. You know, that work with it. You know, all this is going to help out the black community. And this is that, oh, yeah. You know, so many people in the country need another penny sales tax. And, you know, how much jobs is going to provide? None. You know, one of the people that was on the shows, you know, saying, you know, this thing here is going to provide, you know, jobs and opportunities for the black folks. But, you know, she goes, there is nothing else. There's no other revenue funds or streams that they could tap into. You know, it is just business. You know, there's more. Well, just, just make sure you vote several times. Absolutely. Everybody, you know, let's get all your dark and perfect friends out there. July 29, which is two weeks from tomorrow and just tell them to stick it. All right. Yeah. We'll get the gun bless you. There you go. How do you like that? They try to pull the wool over the eyes of our dark and collected friends. They're going out there. Every guy damn place. So, channel 10 George tells me editor realized they said vote. No, against the penny sales tax. Nice going channel 10. Even though I don't watch your crappy news and I have no idea what the guy with the beard name is. They were telling me about 50 times. You can tell me 100 times. I don't know who it is because that don't watch channel 10 news. I can't say that here. Channel 10 news. What? He's got a beard. Yeah. So, I'm glad there was a down. So anyway, here's this thing about, you know, Hank said this and he arrived. He said that written by Sandra Marquez Garcia and Joseph Panfanny. I thought that happened before you last. And as in watch your back home, Fanny. What? Well, this isn't Thursday, July 1st. But evidently that morning, I probably was more interested in preparing to get the pack. And they get there a lot here. Then scouring to those paper for clever interesting things. And of course, our audience being right on top of things. Then I find out that we've sued Waffen a station that doesn't even exist yet. Our gutsy manager, Greg Re, who's up there in Montana, which is a good place for them, by the way. Up in Shelby. Well, he'd fit in like a glove up there. All those people up there in Shelby, those mugwumps with the orange here. They walk around too with their finger up on their head. You know, a lot of down here, there's a lot of places in Florida where people walk around with their finger in their nose like over in lutes. But up in Montana, they walk around with their finger in their head. You know, trying to find what's in that hole. Which, believe me, they don't find much. So Greg Re, being the ballsy guy that he is, five loss to the against Waffen for attempting to interfere with little dogs contract, I guess. Which I don't really know the details because I did just see Joe on a way to take a leak down the hall. And that's about as much as I ever see at Jocca's he's on the year in the morning. And I'm in here, you know, although he didn't mention something about JP this morning. He is one good looking guy. But nevertheless. And all, you know, I mean, they could, they're kind of approach anybody in the ask are you under contract? And if you say yes, oh, well, okay, good luck. So you don't know the details on that. And then also they're approaching our sponsors to buy advertising. Is there something illegal about that? No. I don't know. This sounds like a really desperate act on the part of Greg Re. I told you they were peeing in their pants as soon as that story show up in the newspaper about a station going on here on 1700, which most people can't even pick up with I'm a citizen morning who's a dead man with two sports flunkies who failed on the weekend on this station doing mid days. I mean, a line up from hell. The only thing they might have, Mike and a mad dog and he afternoon, they'll give Hank a run for his money. Hey, stop it. Yeah, they'll give him a run for his money. Even he said that. Well, he didn't say that. But I said that. Just, you know, just to be a little controversial. Well, Hank's a lot better when I come up. Give him a little stools now. And in which I've been doing a lot lately, you notice? And maybe he'll wake up today. He'll be in the studio between two and six. Well, you know, it's boring. It's a horrendous time of the year when you're in the got to do while I boring sports stuff. There's nothing going on these days. So we are suing Waffen 1700 a station that's not even on the area. Because we're pissed off and fired up. And I wouldn't be surprised if Greg does go ahead and sue the Harold for alienation of affections or whatever was he was talking about. Because they put Barry Jackass's story on a front page. And so he's he's got this delusion in his, I was going to say his brain and where his brain used to be in there, which I think is in his back home. He's got this delusion that somehow somebody owes us something, you know. That somebody should cover up for the fact that he was nothing about this business and he's one of the luckiest white men on the face of the earth. I just don't understand where he comes off thinking that because he's lucky to be a bundle of other people's money. Therefore, somebody owes him something, you know. Here's a mobile and less Palm Beach, hello. Oh, hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, hey, Neil. This is the answer, Neil again. I'm just going about that Britney Spears video. You remember the one she's supposed to like touch yourself or something? Yeah. Okay. Well, I was looking forward to it and I go and I took to the house. No, she has to touch yourself. There's somebody else touches herself. Oh, yeah, I thought I was going to call and say whoever says she touched yourself. Nobody's going to be back. Nobody said that. Nobody said that. And as if you believe she never touched herself, then you need serious help. Okay. He said she never touched herself. Anybody believe it? Britney Spears never touched herself. He's going straight to heaven. I'll tell you that. Because she never touched herself. And at summertime, all you kids out there, make sure you understand. Don't be touching yourself unless it's maybe to go take a leak, something like that. And at that point, very, very lightly. Don't press too hard. Because God will know is what kind of things will happen in. You start getting too aroused. And especially watching. Don't be going to take a leak right in the middle of watching a Britney Spears video because God only knows what's going to happen then. You know what I'm saying? Oh, that's right. Probably a real bad problem. We'll pop up. Oh my God. These people. What does that mean? The anti-neal. What I've forgotten? Who I'm most opposed to know who the hell he is? Some kind of a putse again. Some kind of a shmuck up there in Palm Beach County with no life. We're sitting around watching Britney Spears videos over and over again. Waiting for some chick to stick her right hand in her crotch and dittled with her shorts. I saw it. Yeah. She dittled it. And so did everybody else here. And I was the one. Leave it to a flag like me to be the one to pick that out. So to speak. I was the one that spotted it. I'm an accepted ten at five sixty w q a m. I'm an a very sirly mood now after hearing some of these developments that I'm just defining up by accident, including John penis just being in here from ourselves department. Telling me just some outrageous things. Of course it is when the night's all be up there. Palm Pino Park maybe I'll have to straighten some of those bastards up. See that's one thing like I said about this town before. It doesn't make it a different. You've been here or how long you think you've had friends because when you make your friend any place else you have a friend for life. When you have a friend here that you may think you've made you have a friend for about 30 seconds maybe. It's just my ruin. By the way, San Du Spad just you look with Joey or what's his name from New Kids on a block with that ugly disgusting queen's name. What ever the hell are you name is? I don't know what you think I'm gonna get right now. I'm afraid you can't come to the beginning. You can't help my breath that's poking my mouth that I get you. If I'm on too late and let the things in my head and the sound of a... But if you're on a daily you know that thing is about me. I don't think you're wrong. I'm on the way. All right. There's a need for you to go to jail and just leave with me. If I'm free you let your friends on the day. She was 25 but she's just a few. No safety. I've been my life that brings me very cold. I've been so perfect to me because I've had something to make. No matter what you think, I've been my name. I've had something wrong now. Welcome. I'm here with my son. Oh, she's under me. She's a little bit. But I'm lucky that I'm here. You should be scared of her. Yeah, the men world and those great men are the kind of mine. But I'm lucky that I'm here. She's looking my body fine. I've seen this 25 but she's just... I'd like to hear a full radio case. You've 17, she never touched herself. That's what we heard from one of our rocket scientists out there. So our poll question today is, can't ask much much, Joe, Jordan Knight or Gladys Knight? Man, that Jordan Knight. I don't understand what that's all about. The girls of America, you young ladies out there. You need most of you need very serious asses. And I'll tell you that right now. You need some serious help because you know, Jordan Knight. He is one good looking guy. Yeah. He is one good looking lady. I'll tell you that. Man, he is growth test. Couldn't ever sing his word about paperback. Even when he had all his other kids singing the over his voice. He couldn't sing then. But he's big baby. But I would say like this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, animal, one line. I'm just out of it today. You know, yesterday and Monday, I was like on fire. I was smoking. But today I'm right back to normal. I realized where I am. And I find out this morning, George tells me that Tracy Caracita or our good friend who came over here from WIV. WIV. Did I say WIV? WIV. He's leaving us. And we just had a short discussion about this. This morning came to the conclusion. We've already had the same discussion many, many times. Like when Scott Schwartz left our sales department. That basically what it boils down to is no person with any Self-respect will work for this company. Which would tell you a lot about us. Do we have any Self-respect? No. Not anymore. Nobody who has any professionalism, any Self-respect, works for Gregory. That I'll tell you right now. Right up front. So that's why Tracy is leaving us. Good luck Tracy. I'm going to Boston. What is like real living and breathing people. Not this sunk, this sumphole. Whatever this is. This dropping off place for both people. I don't want to mention no. Things again because I don't want to get started with that crap. God forbid. By the way, Jimmy Johnson, you're another disgrace. Not that I want to get an any kind of sports grab. This is the anti-sports show. Believe me. But JJ. So it says in the hero this morning, JJ adds another troubled player. Which is what it really should say is. They add another criminal that nobody else will take. This one is Robert Baker. Less than four months removed from getting out of an Alabama prison for trafficking cocaine. And Jimmy says, well, we can get him. Let's give him a chance. Not selected by anybody. And then F.L. Supplemental Drafton Thursday. But he was signed as a free agent by the dolphins because Jimmy likes. He never met a criminal he didn't like. Let's give him a goddamn chance. Him and Cecil and everybody else in Tony Martin. All depending on what happens. And I trial August number two. It's amazing. There's a good message. You see sports. We know it's all big business. But supposedly somewhere in Arizona especially since this country. Oh, you don't want to let your kids go to see those are weighted movies. You know, they're posturing all this fully bull crap now. So you would think that maybe along with sports, one of those old things that used to be tied. And there was like for the kids. Here's a message for the kids. The kids you take your kids out to the ball game on Sunday or whatever. And the message is that you behave like some kind of a civilized person. But now when it comes to Jimmy Johnson and his organization because just like he did with her, you of him, her cones, it's the same thing. Anybody who's against the sign-up immediately, if not sooner, Lawrence Phillips. By the way, he'll go for big in San Francisco. Oh, yeah. Wait till they find out about his past. He'll have a real sore back going for he's done out there with the Niners. What is it the 69ers that's who he's signed with? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm not giving any material out today. I'm just taking calls. I'm not in the mood for him. I'm so depressed after all that stuff that went on. I came in here feeling good this morning. And by the time, 945, I was ready to blow my brains out of somebody else's. It's just so debilitating to find out that all the people, I mean, like the thing with Scott Schwartz, he came to work over here and I'll never listen to us. Never listen to us. Look at the collection of people that were assembling in this place. Look at App Sales Department. Look at your good, close best personal friend Peter Leonard. If you have a strong stomach, take a look at him. And by the way, the glass is still hurt me like crazy. Stuckers head there in the door again this morning like, Oh, we, and see, this is another thing that goes on. Is this something that you invented? No, he's seriously, you invented this. We've got all these people that come in like Tommy for example. I could give you a list from here. I'm just going to go off until 2 o'clock. They stick their head into door. They don't acknowledge my existence. They don't even acknowledge them in here. A scared of what? I like Tommy. He's a good guy. I hear he haircut, but he's a good guy. But nevertheless, he's scared of people. Most people in this place. Tommy is scared of me. He shouldn't be. He's got nothing to worry about. But it's usually a hidden run thing. It's usually has to do with the smell. No, that's been a, well, I'm not talking about. Peter Leonard didn't say he's head into door this morning for him when I was a. That's something to do. You got going. Oh, yeah. It is. Which I don't know and not nor do I care about. I don't want to know. I don't think even even this Robert Baker guy saw anything in jail. He talked about all the things that he had to see when he was in jail. A young man shouldn't have to see. That he was exposed to like. Back to. Yeah. Let me continue on with the list of all these different people that, you know, they come in there. And they don't want even looking here. It's like I don't exist. Like I'm a non person. Which is, which is okay. I don't take it personally because quite frankly, I don't come here to smooth with these people, but I just find it very peculiar, very bizarre. It's a strange place. And the people that you don't want to stick their head into door like Peter Leonard or like Sam for example, although Sam did go get me my check day that I always liked that Sam duke. Those Venezuelans baby, favorite people, even though he does hang out with a lot of very strange people. Doesn't he? I mean, we're always here in these stories about Sam and all these hot chicks and he's always going up there to the box in the arena, getting laid supposedly. But he hangs around with people like Enrique all the time, which I love Enrique. Don't get me wrong sweetheart. Enrique all that thing on your, that thing is gotta go. That thing on his post. That thing is gotta go. There are states in his country that are smaller than the thing on Enrique's post. And that big, not on his face ain't looking to go either. And then we find out that he's not only real tight with Jordan Knight, but there was that thing on the liner in the, on the SCD member. A few weeks ago he came somebody brought that over from power 96. Okay, sorry. Can't carry the show us that he even got a mention there by Jordan Knight for whatever was that he did for him. Something to do with his, I think, above and beyond the, above and beyond the usual call of, duty is what he said. Something about duty. So I don't, I don't get it. I don't know. Well, of course he said as well. And he's a Spanish, so maybe that's what it has to do with him. Maybe he just covers all sides just to be safe. Here's North Miami, hello. How good morning you? Yes sir. It's been a long time since I listened to you. And I was at, well, I can't listen to you during the week. You know, on the job, I don't have any, I can't get to a radio. God dammit. You know, is that wonderful? No. But since I've had some sick leave for the past few days, gosh, I am glad you're back. Yeah. You're totally education. You're the only call I got on here right now. Sir, I'm putting it up to the audience today. I'm sticking it to the audience and waiting for them to supply the material. I got all kinds of stuff that I was usual, but I'm not going to go into it. Because I know what to do. I'm going to press our crazy, leave it as, and about Greg Reid being such a butt plug. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not a kiss up Neil. Yeah. I don't kiss up to you. But I will tell you this. I've learned a lot since you got back. Like what? And you've got some catching up to do as well. Is there's so much that's piled up. I'm sure that you got to get through and. Like what? Getchup on everything. How long have you got a week, too? 10 days. I think that's long enough. I think one day is long enough. Like what? What are you really loving? You're not a fuck up at all. You're doing this sucking up. You're not telling me. You're not all these things. You're not supposed to do it. What? What? What? What? Well, we were on top of that. Okay. We had that. Yeah, of course. We had the, the, the railway guy got that off CNN within seconds of the story breaking about him turning himself in. We had that on there. Even though we don't have a news wire here. Yeah. I'm glad you're not sucking up though. Feel better, pal. Take two in call a second about two years. Wow. Man, talk about a suck job. Jesus, even the monocle would be embarrassed. 5, 6, 7. I got such a headache. Maybe it was those 10 or slums in sight this morning. I might have been it. What are you laughing about? You're the one that stacked them all up there. I can't go any further. I can't go any further. I can't go any further. I can't go any further. No. Back to the one bad one. Tuets did the one bad one. I never saw a rotten slum gym before in my life. Did you say me at least one. There's one. Okay. Thank you. Who said it was for you? It was for you? And it's your costullis walking around here today with that silly Yankee up. And that's what you're leaving today. Joe is leaving for Vegas today. The heat him like poison cause we're jealous. We wish we were leaving for Vegas. I speak for almost. and Bobby Butterworth and all of you other assholes and you idiots at the Harold. Oh, Cacito Gambley and those one-eyed bandits, they evil, you know, you people make me sick. You make me sick. God forbid anybody should have a good time. Like how many years have I been telling you that? That's the one thing when you come to Florida. I don't know why any tourists with a brain would come to the state because it's written in the state constitution you are prohibited from having a good time. When you come here you have to sign a pledge promising that you won't have a good time and you can be pretty sure you won't go back on your pledge because you stay here long enough you won't believe me. It's guaranteed. So, Joe's going off the Vegas for how long? Four days? Two Monday. Like I said, that's too long for a puss like you. That's much too long. They're going to LA part of that. To do what? See a bunch of Chinese people friends. So, how long are you actually going to be in Vegas? Two long. Leave it on Wednesdays going to be there till Sunday morning. Oh, much too long. What are you going to do? Let's see. You're getting there what time tonight? 12 o'clock. 12 o'clock. 12 o'clock. 12 o'clock. 12 o'clock to an morning. So, what are you going to do after like six o'clock tomorrow morning? Let's see. Thursday, Friday, Saturday. What are you going to do for four days? Are you going to be tapped out? I guess have biggest pile of forcecraft. I have ever seen in my freaking fracking life. I've been a little bit nervous. I've been a little bit nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a nearly a little nervous. I've been looking around for two. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been very nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been there with me for three weeks. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. I've been a little nervous. That's a wonderful way to come home. I've been a little nervous. I've been able to dive on the Thorpepod today to practice again. I'm张 time. Pulling you up towards Marjor.傷 is full, naughty. Right yeah. Now I'm sorry. It's okay because we're gonna do that. If you want to try with power we're going boomed up the fire, it's a bad vicar. I didn't really understand. Remember, be a real prick. Then we will feel it was time for Godfather 3, 1033, if 560, WQM. And of course, that was another bad thing about Godfather 3. Unfortunately, covering up the fact that the Great Story was in there about the corruption of the Yavatic in the Catholic Church, covering that all of them, the office getting it with the fact that the acting was so bad. And to brought back all these corny lines and totally inappropriate places from the first two movies. Don't ever tell anyone outside the family. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we already heard that before, okay, Michael, cut the crap. Here's a letter to the editor in a lot of our papers this morning. I can't tell you, I really can't. They're both with the same, I guess. I guess it's a son-son. Frank Perry and Fort Lauderdale writes, nice going by the way, Frank. It should be apparent that the mommy date to back-o-trial jury members weren't mentally equipped to past judgment. They were all too busy going, eeeeh, have they ever heard of being responsible for one's actions, acts, acts of Frank? The same goes for the victims of this conspiracy. American justice is near extinction. That's right, Frank, one of the best short and right to the point letters I've ever read. And right on target. See, this is another one of those mom and apple pie deals, you know? Oh, that's great. They suited to back-o companies. You know, they were going out to get the young kids smoking and they're killing people. Well, guess what? Is it illegal to sell cigarettes in this country? No, no. Is the government going to ban cigarettes all together anytime soon? No, I can't. In our lifetime? No. No. So how come they don't just sue the goddamn government? How come they don't sue the FDA instead of the tobacco companies for failing to do the job that we as taxpayers are paying them and to protect us? If we're supposed to be protected from ourselves, then how come the government don't want to take responsibility? Just like the guy named FAA don't want to take responsibility for licensing all these bogus airlines like value jet. So let's sue some company that's out of business now. Much of horse crap is what it is. The government they do whatever they want. They don't give a crap as long as the right people are getting smear in the right place. That's all they care about. The government is concerned about our health. Let's sue all the people that are putting all those products in your supermarket that eventually will give you cancer or some grotesque disease. What? Now, look at how can that thing be out of paper again? Did you hear that? It was not an ink before not paper. Oh. Well, now it's thinking about being out of paper. What is tax machine? I go away for a few days and right away, everything starts turning into crap. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Neil is a bloody huge accident on 95. Yeah. I'm going south. Approaching Broward Boulevard but north. It's a pretty bad man. Where is it? Where is it? Approaching Broward Boulevard going north on 95. That's not the reason why I call it. Oh, this is getting ponder. You know, yesterday, the time you turn around. You got women threatening to jump off the overpass. You got, Horan, Horan is bloody wrecked bloodshed and guts on a highway. Yeah, I wouldn't take 95. I mean, I was stupid to take it south. But just to have a night to five. Yeah, so we don't get it. The reason why I call it is that you ever, I'm the multi-lingual German speaker. Did you ever get an answer as to what those little breads are called? Roostin. Roostin. It's called. There's two different words. One is Birchin, the ROTCHN. That's it. The southern Germany, the Coliseum. That's the ant, yeah. It's pretty much. Well, maybe they do, but they don't call it that in Colone. No, they don't. Roostin. Yeah, Birchin. Roostin. Roostin. Yeah, careful. You think that because you sound like you're saying, uh, breast. Yeah. Anyway, um, damn. I'm trying to get all have one Broward and one Brecht to go with that please. It may not have one thing to say when closing. Let me, I'm ours. Okay, have a great day sir. Whatever, whatever. And they're all talking to Rittles today. They got no material as usual. Oh, you said, look your ass. W. A. W. A. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I'm sorry to fight the tolls. What is it to now? Let's be your penis. Just put a toll road right there. That's between Dave Barrett and just a text to how out of the people coming into Dave County to work. Right. But she put a government. I've been working there for 14 years. I've noticed everybody on my floor is moving up to Barrett County. Yeah, I wonder why. I don't understand. Because maybe they got a brain. Maybe they actually got educated somewhere. Maybe they find they couldn't take any more punishment. They went out of their domesticistic tendencies. Well, I mean, they're paying their tax at the Barrett County. But they're getting wages from Dave County. Well, they just text the hell out of them. Yeah. You know, when they come into the Dave County, I say that anybody who works south of 190 is. Yeah. Which gives us a few blocks, leeway here. Tax everybody in Barrett that comes into Dave County to work. And that'll do it. Yeah. And we won't need anything else to build a material for. OK, and have a great day, sir. You too, dear. Everybody just stopped coming to Dave County. Then we won't have to worry about building any more transportation about any buses. How about if everybody just moves out of Dave County and leaves it to the you know, I'm saying? That's what basically it's all about. One of the worst scams in the history, and we're watching it unfold right in front of our eyes. And I'm not going to make that same mistake in sucked into getting all excited about it like I did last two days. Forget it. If you don't care, if you're not whipped up to a frenzy, if you're not pissed off and fired up, hey, listen, no skin off my ass. I live in Brower, baby. I live in Brower County. Oh, proud of it. Let's have our own county flag for Brower, OK? Oh, picture of like a like an early bird. Yeah, like an old ostrich, something like that. It'll be the early bird for Brower. And underneath it'll say, oh, yeah. That's why all you need to know about Brower. Old and funny, buddy. And you've never run a half too much of a good time, but nevertheless, at least we don't have a whole bunch of tool roads at a bunch of crazy, but end of both politicians running the town. Yet. Yet. Well, there's always Palm Beach. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, if they can follow all the other old Jews. Oh, I see. Up to Boko. I understand they've got a great sausage place up there. They've got a little frances and a little nitrate, and a little whatever that other one looks. Well, by the way, I hope they don't have no nitrates in those sausages. Right? So they might try to nitrate aren't those the things that give you cancer? Uh-huh. Right. If it's Russian, shouldn't have any of that stuff in there, right? And of course, if Amel makes it, a sure should have any Amel nitrate. 21, before 11, if I see if you say it like 20 or 30 times, maybe they'll catch on. You think so? No. Now, just keep saying it over and over again. Maybe they'll get a whiff of it. No. Oh, that stuff smells bad, by the way. Amel nitrate. You ever smell that? You have never smelled it? To be a bad thing. Oh, God, is that horrible stuff? Oh, the, uh, the topers. OK, yeah. How could you not have ever smelled the topalls of a river like you? What? Whatever you call it. That stuff smells like crap. That smells worse than that hashed that there's smoking those cafes. And I'm stood up. Oh, boy. You ever smell hashed? Ooh. We never, ever smelled it. Well, you certainly never smoked it. Sure. No. Don't say that. You got kids out there listening. Next thing you'll be saying you smoke in marijuana. Not presently. Do what you weed? Not right at the moment. That awful stuff. That's sense of media, baby. We got people on the age of 40 listening out there. You're going to corrupt their morals by saying, thank God on back. Jesus Christ, just in that good time before this man put this whole town out of Pound and Hill. First he's talking about hashed hashed rounds. That's OK. Yeah. Hash brownies. No, that's even better. God damn fucking idiot. Listen to me. He's just stand by and stand for so fucking understand. Where everything is out to the high so fucking standards. The selection is in just huge. It's so fucking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. When I say so fucking as a beautiful score, I mean so fucking beautiful. And I say, it's awful. I mean so fucking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the so fucking and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge. A staff that's so fucking courteous and pricey that is so fucking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied custom of Frank and Stein. So fucking good. You set a fracking so fucking good. So what's he really trying to say? Eeeeh. 1045 and 560 WQAM. All these people getting molested on those carnival cruise ships. You don't think Mickey Airson anything to do with that deal? Oh, good. Thank God for that. Isn't that his thing? I always get those confused. Because they're all rip off anyway. I mean people like go on cruises need mental help. They haven't got a foggy idea of how to have a good time. Oh, go out there in a cruise ship and get seasick and puke your guts out. You get stranded at sea with a bunch of losers. That's always a great way to spend your vacation money. Carnival reveals 62 sex assault in five years. Crew members faced accusations that set around big story in both papers today. People being molested at sea. Probably about a bunch of semen. And you're like that. So go take a cruise and you know, maybe you get something that you weren't anticipating. Like maybe you scored scored a little bit. Nice going, Mickey. Here you see this is what this wronglet is down. The people like Mickey Airson and Wayne Hypinga. The people are a cancer when our lives. This town can't do enough for them. Can't give them enough breaks. Can't make them enough money. Can't spend over for them enough. Oh, over an over a coast. And the good people like, if I could think of any. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I have another useless nothing about Britney Spears that my niece told me. Patelism is this audience is very big into a Britney. Well, my niece is two unfortunately. How old is your wife? 16. Do you need to say 15? Yeah. How many? 20. But she told me that Britney has implants. No. That's what she told me. Britney Spears has implants. You need to tell me. Wow. Wow. I mean, you know, my niece doesn't know her. Who really cares? Yeah. You know, I hope that your niece is not too concerned about Britney's abreast. You know, because it's a couple of life. And there's only somebody teams in the WNVA. Although there's always those opportunities in Lady soccer now. You know, that's a stroke. Yeah. I love you, Neil. Thanks for the good news. We'd all have a good day. And back to you. You know, this town is so boring. Have I said that before like 23 million times? I've got it. It's a boring. I should've gone see an American pilot tonight. I actually want to watching about a happening in the All Starging with just by default. That's really clicking and slipping and twisting in all over the place. When I wanted to see how much music last night that was pretty, that was marginally something. Damn it. That was going to talk about today. Head to the music again. Of course. No, not within. Not with toy box. Oh, by the way, you were wrong yesterday. George is wrong. We're close, though. Not far from Copenhagen to Malmau. They're from Denmark. So was what you call it. Aqua Aqua. How soon they forget? Aqua would Barbie. See, Barbie doll was much much bigger in Europe than it was here. It was a hit here. But it was huge over there. And this group is also from that. And they look the same. And they sound the same. And they're even bigger toy box. They're gigantic all over Europe. I'm not going to say that's a good record. But it's fun. You know, it's a novelty record. And this guy at least looks better than the one in Aqua with the shape head. Same orange shirt though. I mean, it's like it's like a direct rip off. You see them the first time and you think, how can this be? How is this possible? It's the same people. Then you come back here and you watch the 85 different boy groups. I'll try to rip off the back three boys. Or maybe they're trying to rip off Jordan night. And by the way, if there are worse video ever been made. Not only can he sing. But, uh, oh man, Jordan give it a rest. You better be a little put sand the sand because you're a career. Woo! Thank God for all those desperate girls out there who couldn't get laid in a cucumber patch. That's the only reason that guys like Jordan night. And I say guys very loosely. Well, he's got any career going on. I mean, she can't sing. She can't dance. She looks like hell on and on wheels. But other than that, she's big. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, me, I live in that boat from one of the few Chen Tiles. And you know, you stay the beauty that you used to go away for the summertime. But they hear all year round and I'm just wondering, you know, what they're doing You're all year round. You know, I can't get a seat anywhere and they just noticed me that that's. Yeah. And just, you know, maybe there's a message they're trying to or not to suddenly convey. I'm going to say, not to make stay your all year round now. Maybe they can't afford to go any place else. I mean, all their social security got eaten up with a heavy tips. They left at the early bird. Well, thank you, Neil. I love you. God bless you. Sir, good luck. You'll need it. Okay. Watch out for the old Jews in Bokeh. And one's in Del Rey B. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Let's face it. We got too many old. F**k. Didn't down here. Definitely too many old Jews. And if we could just, you know, kind of straighten that out. Graphic out. This might be a pretty good place. Get rid of the politicians. I mean, like start with a clean slate. Wipe a clean get rid of cuddler oil and the mayor ping on all these other assholes. Get rid of all of them. Start clean. Send Wayne and the Mickey Eris and off to the someplace else. Send him the Israel with the with daddy with Teddy or somebody. He's only got nine billion over there. They can probably buy the whole country by the time they get done. Wayne can open some more big shopping malls. They can build them a couple of bigger rena's. Yeah. They just won't plan Friday night or Saturday afternoon. That's all. And they can begin the Orthodox to Daven there at the inside of the arena. They'll still build a replica of the wailing wall. And they're all standing there rocking back and forth. Oh, my real hot pot. I need it. I need it. I need it. And back here. And it's just so sad. You're good friends. I think of those silly tragic people. I think you're a friend. You were content David. Who he needs to be the program. He he's just fine. No, he's not just fine. He needs to be the program. One of these days he's going to. He's going to. He's going to. Roll those to fill him too tight. He's not cluttering up the restaurant so that the theaters on Friday night. Yeah. He's not just fine. He's a tragic tragic excuse for a human being. He's taken up oxygen that a thinking person can be taken up. And by the way, thanks to our good friends. It'd be freedom from religion foundation and medicine was content for setting me. Uh, tons of stuff today along with a nice letter from Elizabeth. Who says that we sponsor we received was tremendous and all positive from your program, which we did about a month or two ago. When I read one of the brochures, which one did I read? Dear Christian was that the one? Dear believer. Oh, dear believer. Well, I got all the other ones here. Things good slow. They're all great. Freedom from religion foundation. Peo box 750 medicine was constant. 53701. If you want some of their great literature, the case again school prayer, all of their stuff that makes all the sense of the world. The ABCs of the Bible. For every letter of the alphabet, it got things that are mentioned in the Bible here. Like for example, a human body, wallowing and bought in the highway. The most pornographic book ever written was the goddamn Bible. An angel killing 185,000 warriors in one night. That's in the Kings 1935. Asking your neighbors to help you stone a stubborn son to death. He was really big to Lord on that stone and your kids to death. You think we got drug problems in America today. Back in biblical times, they were all stone. Here's a mobile and pepper prime. Hello. Yes, sir. I wanted to... The guy that called before about tax and people that working my M.E. and living in Broward County. Yeah, what's always he talking about? What exactly? I mean, if anything. He's an asshole. Right. I just didn't even want to dignify his presence there. I wanted to ignore it. We've got people coming up that lived down a date county. Working date county. Come up here and give us grief. I mean, I'm not trying to... Yeah, but don't forget once they get that penny sales tax and they're going to come up there and bring you money is what they're going to do. Well, that, you know, everybody's going to come up to Broward and shop in Broward. That's what we invite them to do. Go back to Dayton pay your tolls back there. But if you want to shop, come to Broward. Well, I mean, I don't mind them coming up here and shop. And that is one of the other dates too long. Right. Just don't stay too long. And do what you got to do and get the hell out. And learn a little English when you get here. Okay. See you. I'll read for there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Hey, this guy guess hasn't been to the song rest like me. Anybody speaking in English there? No, not a one. There isn't anybody in the song rest. And I still have no idea who they are. I've been asking that thing. How many years ago they built it? Let's see. I lived out there in the acres about... 8 years, 8, 2, about 10 years. And about a year after they moved there, they started building that damn thing. There was nothing there. And now of course, every half of block is another. There's a Denny. There's another electronics store, another computer store. Every quarter of a block. And they just built that thing from nowhere. And all of a sudden one day, there was the saw grass. And ever since that thing's been open, I keep asking on here, who are those people that are shopping there? Where do they come from? Where do they stay? Where do they live? Where do they hang out? Well, you know, and nobody knows. Not that I want to shop there, you understand? I mean, I could throw, I could roll a bowling ball for my house to the entrance to the yellow two can entrance of the saw grass. To the purple periquete entrance, or whichever one it is. But I don't want to go there. Because every time you go there, you got to park about 150 miles away from the guy damn. Shopping, well number one. And number two, you walk in there like this guy says, not only are they speaking English, they're not even speaking, who knows what they're speaking. They're speaking languages, they haven't been invented yet. They're speaking Sanskrit. They're talking, uh, robotics. Here's a lady mobile and keep a skin. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. Listen, I just want to tell you something. That's a little of a skinny low down on this whole toe and tax election and all this other stuff in day county that's going on a friend and mine's pretty well connected politically. And I got it from this friend. Okay. Yes. You're going to see after all this whole fruit fruit and all this is over, that they're going to build a metro rail from the airport to the cruise ship to the Port of Miami to make Mr. Harrison real happy because they don't want to run buses to the Port of Miami anymore with all these cruise passengers. They don't want to have to be in the closest to Miami than they have to be. So they're going to put them on some metro rails and bust them out there on that. That's what this whole thing is about. That's the bottom line. That's what they ultimately weren't. Yeah. And I don't know if anybody's told you that yet or called you about that yet. But that's that's what's going to happen. Okay. Okay. Say how to Mickey. It's just rough. It's just maybe mouth maybe. Look at the Mickey. Okay. And say off those cruise ships they're getting molested like crazy on airs when I'm reading both papers today. Oh, they're not the cruise ships. That's our warning. Okay. All you want to inspecting bastards out there and all you people listening on the audio net all over the world right now. Stay there. That's what you get when you come to Miami coming to date and brought while at least coming to Broward's venue money. Coming to the saw grass will provide an interpreter for you. But don't go on those damn cruise ships because the first thing you'll do is get molested. That's why you're getting raped. You'll get attacked. Got to only know what kind of crap will go on. And by the way, if you ever saw the guys that work on those cruise ships, they're all ugly. Nobody wants to get attacked by them. Not even Jordan Knight. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You're a shoulder day. Okay. I'm not going to go to any of the stuff that I brought in. I'm not going to talk about it. I'm just so bummed out about Tracy is leaving and all those other things that you're telling me this morning and then the thing about the lawsuit against the Waffen. Oh, I mean, how can you, like I said, how could you have any software-spec left working for a man like Reg Read? There is no similarity between this and a radio station. You know, I, O.D. I used to say it was like it could be a Chinese laundry. I haven't figured out yet what this could be. Not a place of business. Maybe like a country club. Like a low rent country club. You know, like for losers who can't get in the real good ones. Like us. There's no level. I'll pollute them. You got a D. Who's there? Who's there? Who's there? 99. Who keeps on the watch. I'm the chariot. Three, four. Swat. Mark you mark in the funky bar. Just go, Mark you mark it. Very man awards. And the guy from Millie Binelli that had the Kildum's Elbium. Train in the form of the Waffen. Those are poluser. 99. I'm sorry, my value, Jan. I served their Montes Kiel and Monaco with Kildum. You know, most of you guys, I've told you this before. So lucky that most young women have a real bad taste. It's 11.02 or 560 WQM. You just look at George. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why? Why we got 200, 300 open lines here. Hey, Goldberg in the building. They had two o'clock. What do we got at six? Oh, that's right. Wait until you hear about this. Not only do we have Gimandage. Yeah. At six tonight. But Gimandage is doing a show out at the stadium because it's Dolphin Night practice tonight. Yeah. Anybody into that? Yeah. And then of course after that's all done from 6 to 9. We got at Kapplin 92. So you can bet on the results of, you know, who was best in the Adolphin practice tonight after the fact. Here's my meleks. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. You can say the GD word in the radio, right? I heard that there was some plaque about that with the woman to the soccer game. You can play that in TV. You mean what? KSAGD and TV, right? Why not? Well, she did and I heard there was some plaque. I guess she wasn't going to delay. We need to spiral report from Del Ray Beach. You know, the state of shake up there should be almost done soon. Yeah. I was there in March and it looked like it was ready. And then I want to talk about the one in plantation on in the acres. What about that one? Who cares about Del Ray Beach? Well, I have it out of the age of 100 goes to Del Ray Beach. I had to go up there at lunchtime for my job one day. And I was sorely disappointed because I couldn't, couldn't eat there. How are you going to retrieve her by the way? He's great. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. I did a new button down at the Central Facility, but they aren't going to release them. The laughter. The taxes approve, so it will give you the illusion that your tax dollars went to something. Naturally this was already allocated out of last year's money. It's much, much, it'd like to know that. Thanks for the good news, sir. All right. Take care. Okay. More of the appeasing of the puzzle. All keep fitting together as they try to manipulate and brainwash. And of course, they will. Very successful. You know, problem at all. 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I'm a sir. Well, it says on here, lady in Miami is what it says on the board, okay? So you better convince George that you're not a lady. Okay. How are you? 10 years old. Uh-huh. I'm from Boston, Massachusetts. Yeah. I'm going to have a grand father. I always listen to you program. Yes, sir. Uh-huh. Keep it up. Okay. Okay. Bye. Okay. He's 10 years old. He's from Boston. I guess you don't want to make it to a 11. I'm calling this show. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That's it. We got one or two calls on here. You people have no material today. And I'm not, I'm not bringing out the good stuff. I'm not going to do it. I'm going on strike today. At least for one day. I am just distraught. And then George tells me that people were calling while I was on vacation saying, Oh, when you know, I'm here. Let all that business about how many, you know, you three and a half years left here. I'll sign a new deal. I'll thank all kinds of money in front of him. That's all these people know is money. That's all they know. And of course, it does require money to survive, which is the only reason I'm sitting here today. That's the only reason that I'm sitting my fat ugly Jewish ass in this chair right now is because it requires X amount of dollars to survive. And if I had X amount of dollars all I need to survive for the rest of my life, I'd get up out of here right now at say, have a great life or not as the case may be, say, and that would be it. Oh, no, no, it would go nuts. Oh, what a big come up with this crap. Are these people out of their minds? Yeah, look at this. I'm sitting here talking to myself. And they think this is entertainment. Neal getting on here and trying to prod people and making a free phone call every day, that we're paying for. That's beautiful. That's the tip off on this whole area. That's all you need to know when you come here to turn on this show. And here what I have to do, the kind of verbal gymnastics that I have to go through and try to make anybody say anything. And then we went up with some 10 year old punky kid that grandpa puts on a phone there, or whoever was put on, which he may be a nice kid someday, if he lives long enough. Did he have anything to say? Oh, he killed a few seconds though. Thank you, sir. And then you call him a lady. That's nice. He's probably going to wind up having a snutter growth. That probably turned out to be like another Jordan night before he gets done. Thanks to you. Huh? Oh, that's Jordan night. I'm going to tell you, he sends me straight to the toilet. He just sends me straight to the personal bus. I feel like Tom Green on a bad day. No, seriously, every time I see that. And I had like I told you before, I would rather watch Limba Dick Biscuit and then watch you Jordan night. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's the deal with the bratwurst and sneak and shake? Why don't you try and find something neat with a little left, like, lits and rectum, then, you know? Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. I like lits, okay? You can have the old breakfast, stick with the lits. Here's a mobile and maple, tell us. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. I was hoping to be in quiet a while. Yeah. Come on out the Naples. No thanks. You can watch a like about Naples. What do you want to talk to us about today, sir? What do we want to talk to you about? How do the fans is doing this year? Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. If you're here for a lot of time, believe me, before it's too late, before you unpack, throw everything right back in the suitcase, get yourself a cab, get right to the airport and go anyplace. Just hop on a plane and say, take me anywhere, take me out of here, please, and don't waste any time doing it. That's my best advice to all you people who think you're going to have some kind of a great time here. Here's a lady in Opa, lock it, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Can I just barely can hear you? No, I'm saying isn't it me? Yes it is. Yes? Oh. Can you make your language list of fans live? No. You are the best. Yeah, the wire. The wire, the wire, why are you listening? Why are you listening? Why are you listening? I just happened to turn on the radio and this is final. It's nothing you listen. Good bye. My arrogant impure is to make him lady. Like I said, boy, anybody ever made it to make him woman. I wasn't a real bitch. No. No. Boy, boy, I mean, she's not listening. Anybody believe that? No. She's not listening. That's fucking bitch. Yeah. Can't I make that if you're not listening, why should I change my language for you, bitch? Why should I change anything about this show? This show is for people who enjoy it. Not for pussy uptight bitches like you. They want to tell me how to do my show and tell me what I should say and what I shouldn't say. No, one of the Jamaican guys are all smoking the goddamn news page. Come on. Yeah. Have to put up a bunch of bitches like that. With that arrogant rude. Yeah, I want to let a year go about your name. I never in my life encountered one Jamaican woman who didn't sound like her and that same impure as condescending attitude like her. You're a bitch, honey. Get back on a banana boat and go back in the pick plant paintings or whatever they do down there. What are they doing? You make a besides smoke weed. I'm hard. Oh, they jerk pork. I forgot about that. Well, she's probably got a lot of practice at that. If you're willing just an older-making woman being sent back in noon today, you're deported sweetheart. I can't stand that so much. I feel the cause and my neck hurts a lot. You let out a gigo. When they make a win-go, my name is Oh, my neck is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, you don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human horror. And then I can saw the term cedar box mean saw her naked. Stars reportedly need to go in blind. That place then he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical job. It took a lot of time to go. But an explosion loaded for my girl was flowing in the snow. There's a guy's a man who's a vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way though, my name is called The guy's a guy. You can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, people feel that he's a reason. Made a fool of my husband. Feel that he was wrong. But then the link in background she was mown in. More and more and more will do in her with fill those bones. Welcome. There's a guy's a man who goes vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes it way though. My name is called, it's not the guy. You can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, can't he be? Yes, that's that. Is that the? Oh yeah. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, can't he be? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. I was right. There's more to come. Well, Mr. Spender, whatever your name is, big land to the big spenders. Stop spending our money on our fax paper here. We get all the stuff from the Freedom Permreligian Foundation. I don't need any more material. I got a pile here. I got piles of stuff. Stop wasted my fax paper. Oh. God dang it. Anyway, speaking of people are real pain in the ass. Although I wish him luck, but I'm getting really tired of the Dave Slater guy. I am. I'm just I'm just ready to puke from these people already. Subject emergency hearing. Judge Frederick Smith has set the emergency hearing on the ballot language issue for the upcoming penny sales tax election for this Friday July 16th at 330 p.m. There you go, Dave. Oh, good luck to you. And I'll leave me alone. I live in Broward. Okay. I don't need any of your grief from Dave County. That's your problem. We don't care anymore about Dave County. They're animals anyway and Dave let him lose their souls. 567. 560. 560. That's our pull question today. What are we going to do about these guy damn Jamaican women? That's our pull question. Did anybody ever meet a Jamaican woman who wasn't condescending in periods that I'm not just has anybody ever met one? No. It was like a civilized reasonable person who wasn't looking down or knows that everybody else and given that real crappy. Just she was perfect. She was a stereotypical Jamaican woman, man. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, man. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing Neil? Well, long, long time listener, long time. I wanted to take a few minutes to your time, but. Take another two and a half hours. What have you want? Is this the reference to the Cuban? And I'm 560, 50560. On the AT&T, why don't we slide? Let's go to candle. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You doing today? Great. I have one word for the Jamaican lady. No one was offended by her voice. Hold hold. Right. Two words for shampoo and soap. They really work. Okay. A couple other issues. Yeah. Maybe she had a try stick in the soap and her. Right. Clean up her rack. A couple other things. Clean their brains a little bit. Not to like probe the audience. So the speaker is for the issues. But on the gun stuff, I could care less because I know. If I talked to everyone in my friends and everyone in your listeners, vote in debt is not going to make a difference. But there was an add that I think was on the station there. And it was for the gun show. Yeah. And they told me that crap all the time. And they said, get out here this weekend before the laws change on how you can purchase a gun. Yeah. I thought that was kind of thick. It is. The whole thing is sick. America has a has a gun sickness. There's no question about that. It's a mental illness in the American psyche. They have an obsession with guns. The last thing on my vacations. I travel all these other places where nobody's got guns except the police. And nobody's worried about some kind of a cool or some kind of a takeover. They're walking around. The government changes nearly every five minutes. And they're still doing okay. And the people aren't running around shooting each other with guns. The sick place we live. Yes sir. Well, we don't really live in America down here. But anyways, the last thing on casino gambling. Once again, it doesn't matter if everybody went out and voted because it's never going to make it through. I would love to see casino gambling here. I'd be the first one there. But you know what? We're probably one of the few places in this country which grew it up somehow. Okay. And have a great day sir. Anybody know what he said? No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, why the slime? And that other guy that wanted to take two and a half hours to talk about the guns, the hell with you pal. You must have a hearing problem. Okay sir. We're not talking about gunning show anymore. I'm sick of it. I've had it and thought I got a gun coming out of my ass. I don't want to hear about it. Turn on to a radio mom B. One of those no speaking in the LACE station didn't hear all that crap you want. I can't handle it anymore. I'm over saturated with it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mr. Rogers? Yes sir. Good morning sir. I asked George. He says I should ask you. Do you have any questions? I'm starting to think about the problems. And I was wondering, short of calling on the New York, maybe in New The solution. Anyway, increase the BMs. Yeah. Take a console. How do you spell that sir? Okay. Oh, and S.Y. Are you buying the drugstore or in the publics or are you shot? Okay. Oh and as well. It's Fiber. You just mix it with the water or diet soda, whatever. It doesn't taste all agree, but it's fiber in all of a sudden you'll be your brains out. I thank you very much. Okay. I'm a very nice thing. And have a nice movement. Oh, I listen, it may not be the most pleasant topic in the world, but it's a part of life. Okay, I mean, if God would have been a little more civilized, we wouldn't have had these messy bowel movements to deal with, and diarrhea, and constipation like this guy's got. But they act in to happen to be binding. And maybe by the way, a part of the ideal is if you're not having very good bowel movements, you might want to cut the cheese a little bit. There's too much of that cheese is really binding, baby. You know that old expression about making the cheese more binding? How could that be? Here's a mobile and watch Palm Beach, shall I? Any help? Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good evening. It's a little funny. It's happened to drop a track of trailer whenever I get up north of Palm Beach. I stopped at Europe. This is naked shakers. Close this one. I originally mentioned that the supplement plantation is there one going to be built in plantain. I suppose land 136 panther parkway, whatever they call that now supposedly. Yeah, there's a shove around there, I'm a McDonald's. Right. Somewhere in that area in that block. Okay. It's coming. I've been looking at it, see anything. Except, a bunch of people going to that specific concrete bunker. Yeah. Oh, wow. I guess that's it. I'll keep you posted. Okay, thank you. Okay, good. A lot of lines ringing here though, but George is doing a show with somebody on the phone in there. I want to get started on that because you know how I feel about when people call on a hot shower, George and try to hot the China with George when he's still in and doing the show. Sorry, I was given the number of a sponsor out. Tom to call the sales department, okay? They don't know. And that's that's not it. We're not here to do that. Okay, that we what we're going to adopt the same attitude as the management of this radio station does. They don't care about the sponsors. They made that very clear. We've tried desperately to get there. We've tried to get that taken care of. We can't get it because the management of this radio station doesn't care about you and people that spend all your money advertising on a radio station. They don't care about you. They care enough that they want to sue Waffen so that you don't have another place to go and spend your money where they might care about you and actually give you some service, which are sales people don't often about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. We lost what about 20 or 30 calls on their why you were given a number out. And I don't want to get upset about that. You understand? Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I'm looking for some call. All right. I think he's addressed on here in South Florida. I don't always address here in South Florida. I know he was coming down here to talk about the mist treatment. The coast guard was given a treatment for KMO. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and a four-laterdale. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just got back in town and I was wondering if you guys should see South Park yet. No. You should talk about it or just talk about it. You're just seeing it. I think it's the best musical since grief. It's absolutely fabulous. Are you fucking kidding me? Sure. It's a dirty of two thumbs up. Oh, good. Well, tell him I totally agree. And I think it's great. You're going to go see it. You'll love it. It's like when I first saw a letter. I will not like it. I don't like South Park. I'm not interested in cartoon characters saying four-later words. I'm into adults saying four-later words. Not cartoon characters. It's part of the juvenile, the whole American, and the whole American. I think it was like when I saw many groups the first time. He was talking like a little potty now too. But it was a person. He was a human being. And how many years ago was that 30 or 40 years ago? Well, yeah. But this is the first time I've seen something like that. It had the same kind of first amendment. First amendment. What first amendment? We don't have any first amendment. What the... What the... You're the one that's only saying. It's just words. It's just... And it is. That's right. And that's all this cartoon is doing. You could not... I don't want to see a car. If you enjoyed it, sir, I'm happy for you to have a great life. You're trying to sell me something. I'm not buying it. I'm not into South Park. I'm not going to try to be cool or hip or young or this. I'm an old fart. I'm not into South Park. I don't need to see a bunch of cartoon characters. Talk it about parts. I got my own parts. Okay? And all of these things. George liked it. Okay? It's right up his alley. He also likes Olympic Abyssal. Okay? So there you go. I rest my case. I like more macho people like Jordan Knight. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. Same in the guy I liked it. You liked it. He wasn't satisfied to leave it with it. He wants to sell it to me. That's the problem with the world today. If you liked it, great. If you liked it, I scream. I don't want to be grudge. It doesn't have any taste to it. But if you like it, I'm happy for you. Just shovel it down. Stick it in your neck. Whatever you want with it. Take a bath in it. I don't care. Just like all over religious crazy people. Oh yeah, well we got to save you. We don't want to be saved. We don't want to hear from it. And let me say it again. You notice I've been right on my board on this. All you got to do is mention the seaword on this show. And you'll hear that dial tone so fast. You wouldn't want to know what. Get you. Okay? I'm so sick and tired of this Cuban horse crap. Turn on a radio mom B. La put arosa. All these other 7.542. God damn no-spigeting. Laced station. They'll hockey with a same boring crapp� until it's coming out of your ears. Turn on channel. Vainty Trace. You can't wait to see what's going on. I'm not interested. I need to read anybody else who speaks English in the town. Okay? We're tired of it. We. That's OUI. We. And we don't like them too much either. You got to help you. Okay. Talk sports. We can. Right here. I'm for free. You'll buy sixty. You. I wanted that. Was that a double whammy? What was that? Was that a fake out that first one? That's a Q on it first one. Not that I'm going to get all psychotic about it like Joseph Gackie. You know what I'm talking about? And then I find out through the grapevine. Not only did I hear about all the other grow test things that happened here last week while I was on vacation, but Joseph Gackie filled in for Hank one day. And even Joe Costello was in there screaming now. He sucked. Joseph Gackie sucks. Okay. Okay. Yeah. We just took a poll. Everybody in this building. But you see he was infilling in because I can't imagine who it was that decided he was going to fill in for Hank one day. You want to stand? Now if you were going to show, why would you have one to have somebody on that you absolutely know sucks? It is the worst. We could have had, we could have had the cartoon characters from South Park Fillin' in. I would vote for that. Saying crap on here would have been a gigantic improvement over Joseph Gackie. That's right. Just saying, do go to hell and you Dackie. For four hours. Put it in better and Joseph Gackie. Because if you listen to Joseph Gackie for three seconds, you wish you were in health. Where you think he already did go to hell and died. A man, not with a bad personality. A man with no personality. He's enough to make you want to take your radio and put in the fish tank even the one in your car. Seriously, there were people trying to drive into the secretary of Miles Joseph Gackie was in to try to put their goddamn radio underwater. That's how he pressed they were. By the way, Mike in Kendall says, In response to the hero article regarding cruise ships, a month ago I took a vacation cruise to the Western Caribbean, the problem I had with cruises that with the exception of gambling, there's virtually nothing to do during the day while it's seen. Tending it poolside is the other alternative. You really need to go on a cruise to get a tan when you live in Florida, right? To get a nice melanoma working. Unfortunately, one can endure the scorching Caribbean heat for only a short period of time. Next year, I'm going to Las Vegas. And I think that's what the situation says, Mike, I agree completely with your analization of cruise ships. Nice going Mike. Don't waste your money anymore. It's for suckers cruise ship is for suckers. It's for the frogs, the French Canadian and those other unsuspecting tourists that you see getting off the planes before a lot of day and an MIA. And some schmuck holding up a sign that says, Royal Caribbean or whatever, what's ever one of those it is. They cut them off at the past and they grab them and they all form a little line of the cruise ship on their little bus and they go over there to the port of Miami or port Everglades and they get on that little cruise ship and they just have one horrendous time. And don't give me a stony even waste by time, by the way, calling the show and tell me that you had a great time on a cruise ship because we'll laugh you cut off the planet. You just don't want to admit you got sucked in. That's the problem. Although I'll be honest with you, if you have to take some kind of a crappy plane schedule to get the Vegas like Joe Costello's doing, I'd almost rather want to get on a cruise ship. And just lose my money fast, get it over with. Because these people are good on these long, arduous planes trips that, oh my God, what time are you leaving? 3 30. He's going to get there at 1202, which is 3 in the morning. He's making a 12 hour flight. Oh, his plane is at 7. 5 and 8. Well, that's not too bad. It's shorter through Dallas. I hate to break the news. It's 5, it's about 7 hours with a 2 hour lower. It's 5 hours of flying. It's only a total of 7 hours and you go through Dallas. But you're going through Chicago. Great. Stay high to Mike Dizzy while you're up there. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's going on? Not too much, pal. Well, so I'm retired military just came back from overseas. And I went down to the Florida job program that they have for the X-Maila Terry. And the first thing to guide shows in the interview is you speak Spanish. That's the worst I speak. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60 on the 18, T, 1, the slime. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hey, Neil. Do you put on the erection song? Or is this another punky little kid? Yeah. Yeah. No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60 on the 18. We have one call after the board. Maybe it's a real lady in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hello? Yes? Okay. It is a real lady. I had all these punky little boys calling them sound like ladies and jerks keep putting a lady on the thing there. Yeah, you know. Go ahead. Well, I just wanted to tell you it's really ironic that you don't like or that you don't interest them in the South Park movie because it's just about what you're always saying about how you work. Don't hurt people. Yeah. You know, how you always get fine for something. No, I don't. Well, don't you always like getting trouble? No. We're saying something on the letting's something good that you really shouldn't have said. No. You don't? No. Okay. Now I just do that. No, you don't have to feel stupid. I don't like South Park. I don't like the Simpson. I'm not a big cartoon. Is that okay? Oh, yeah. In addition to what I don't, I don't need to go see a movie to reinforce what I already believe. What's the point? It's preaching to the choir. It's a time to go to see a movie with a bunch of cartoon characters telling me something that I already believe. It was funny. It was funny. I don't like South Park. I'm glad that you did. Why are you so wounded that I won't go see it? Because it was not really really funny. But I'm not going to go see it. There is less than no chance. There's as much chance of by watching that as my going to a Jordan night concert. I would rather be dead than go to a Jordan night concert. I would listen. I would watch South Park for 100 hours before I watched Jordan night. And I would never watch South Park. Well, thanks for not ripping on me. You're in a good mood today. Okay. Have a great day. I don't have any problems with the South Park or the people who are watching. Those who have who are immature and juvenile. That's okay. Like George. What is that? What is that thing that I'm seeing in the doorway? What does that say? It's a Jordan night t-shirt. Also, that must have been same standing behind it. I can only imagine. We can only assume that it's sand. Who hangs out with all these group cakes? Not that we want to ruin your Venezuela and image or anything like that. But you may want to butcher up just a couple of notches on it. Like kick it up a couple of notches like Emerald Lagassi would say, Sam. And quit hanging around with all these damn light weights. And I do mean light weights in every sense of the word. You only wish as he knew Ricky Martin say. Hello. And Ricky just signed a $44 million contract. And he said, hey, I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. 20. See, and he's another one. You know, I wouldn't be surprised to be 40 out of the year. Sam and Hank disappeared together because they put Larry King to shame. The two biggest name droppers I have ever seen in my life. So it's unbelievable. Here's Sam with so and so fill in the blank. Here's Sam with. Here's the picture of Sam with. Here's Sam. Here's the picture. What was the thing from some when the Marlins won the World Series or whatever was. They had the microphone in front of Jim Leighland or whoever they were interviewed. And there was Sam in the background with a microphone with a QAM logo. There's Sam in the picture with their Sam over here with. He's an underling. In other words, he's not like a full fledged human being with his own identity. He's like an appendage to. And then over to everybody else. But thanks for getting my check Sam. And you're still up. You're just. Don't say. Jim, but it's Jesus. They're blind. Jim. And not a brain between them. And they're on 30 morning. Do it down. It's 25. Night fight. Mickey's fight. And Monica. And there's the fight squirrel. So while you're flooding the girls out there, remember to turn on the fight squirrel. Every 30 morning. You're all loving. You're like a fight squirrel. Every 30 morning. Trevor Creek will do this. Five 60. WCW. Look at that. One line left on the board there. These people are last couple of days. I mean, you talk about ants in their pants. Five six seven. Oh, five 60. How five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Weston. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. Hey. You're doing the. Okay. One of you seen the. Sentinel local section yesterday about. About Gloria as Stephen. And the. The accounting room office. It goes in a lawsuit. File one of the guys is in trouble for fondling the other guys. General. Yeah. That's one of the need to work for more grip in this. All right. Thanks. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Five six seven. We have nobody on the board. There will is one coming up. One popping up right now. Five six seven. Five 60. Pound five 60 on the AT&T line. See this is what happens when I make the grotesque mistake of just coming in this morning and turning the show over to the audience because I'm so distraught about all these things that go on around us here. Because I'm realizing after this just be my third day back after a great vacation that. Oh, I don't even want to say it. I just don't want to say anything about this place. Here's a lady mobile and color read. Chilo. Yes, man. I need it. I want to thank you for getting on the Cuban because I'm five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I guess they must have a real hearing problem out there. Turn up your miracle. Okay. Hi. We're not talking about the. Today tomorrow two weeks from suckers. We don't want to hear about it. Go put it on a guy named record and just keep playing it like a stuck record over and over again. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Any. Yes, sir. Well, you're out of town. Did you know that Mario Puso that? Yes. Oh, okay. I didn't know if you knew that. Yeah, you know, it's amazing how the word gets you around the world these things. Yeah. Well, we're going to miss them. We're going to miss them. Did you know? No. Did I know? No. Did George Zone? No. Now, Andy from the hockey games, I'm going to miss him because I knew him. He was like, he was like a real person. Somebody that I knew somebody I spoke to. Somebody that used to sit in front of me for two or three years at the hockey game. Somebody I like. He was a pretty good guy. He was fun. Mario Puso. I'm not going to miss him. I didn't know him. He was like, what? I'm about 80 years old. It was 78. I think something like that. Not like ancient, but he was old enough. We're going to miss him. Or we're going to miss him for. Go read the book. Watch the movie again. And the best news of the whole deal in every dark cloud. There's a silver lining. Look at a bright side. Now we don't have to put up with Leo. We've not got to be any Godfather for. Let's hear it, huh? Leo. Leo. Man. In fact, I'd rather go to a Jordan night concert with Todd Drec. Then to ever see Leo again. That's how I'd detested it. And nausea that I am by Leo. Oh no. Come on. Talk to this. Please. This is going to be the threatening audience music canal. This group, and I'm very seriously. He has just got to go. You want to stay? Come on. Go check this a little bit. Okay. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll have your clothes. Here's I can work. I can't. And if you think the song is bad by the way, you ought to see the video. It'll make you up to for hours at a time. Here is a silver city in a Mexico. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, sir? Hey, I want to tell you. I listened to that loser from St. Louis at a day. I hope you showed us national. I work out at a station out here and man. The only way we can get you over the internet. So we hope you can write. Well, we're getting calls. We had a call from Korea yesterday. And other we're on at broadcast.com. We're getting calls from planets that haven't been discovered yet. Just to get that kind of thing. Louis also had a comic. The one that's got a jury follow. Blow up. Yeah. I like jury follow. I've been playing with my teaching week. All day. Exactly. All right. Thanks. Don't play with it until it gets purple because then you got Eeeeyey. You're a stick your ass and jail or some party. Probably the part that that football player that Robert Baker guy was talking about. The things that he saw in the slamer there that no young man should have to be exposed to. Well, maybe if you weren't trafficking cocaine, Robert, you wouldn't have had to see those things. You know, five six seven, but don't get sore about it. Robert. Right. Because Jimmy likes you. He never met a criminally didn't like five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pomp five sixty on the 18 T. Here's Boca. Hello. Okay, sir. I think the dolphins or new colors are going to have to be those orange prison. Garb. Right. You know, because I'm good. I do. When I read that, I'm like, this guy will take anybody. Everybody, he, he, it seems he gravitates or there. Nobody else in a league would take him and then Jimmy signs him up because he never met a goddamn con. They didn't like it. Remember he's not the head coach. He's the warden of the team. Right. And he closed it. Okay. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pomp five sixty. Very good. Sir. Pomp five sixty on the 18 T. Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Yeah. That's a hey, Blinken. Yeah. They will pass that tax and day to all those bills. Which is around like they did last time. If you don't want the tax, but yes. No, that's not what it's going to say. Sir, we have the wording I read that yesterday, but thank you very much. That's not what it says. You're for the tax. You vote. Yes. If you're against it, you vote. No, we had the wording. And I read that on the ear. But nice try. Five six seven. Five sixty. Pomp five sixty on the 18 T. Wireless line. Here's my email. Hey, new lawyer. Okay. So now that they got rid of Captain jerk. The golly. What the. And they got rid of. Okay. Let's go to a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey. How you doing? And is a ballooning with the toll. I say put hand and Robert Baker in a jail cell together and see what kind of green apple Christian at the tomb can come up with. You know, hey, you see, only then you can say this kind of be a loaded corruption involved in this. No, no, come on. Not in the county. There must be, you know, an enclosing. I've been out of town. A last couple weeks and I heard recent bit that you did about a furniture distributor. So see he didn't say it right. You just, you just got to know how to say it. Palettes to problem. That's the whole plot right there. See, you're relegated to the South Park movie. You're stuck. We're turning you into cartoon characters. You just don't know how to say it. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. Wireless line. One call left in the board. Well, Jordan Knight. He's standing by. He's always ready. That's what Sam said. You want it? He's got it. How about those things called raises Jordan? Try one. You'd be amazed at just how much less smootier work. And maybe a bath might help too. What I'd done. You don't? Don't get a hold of that soap because you're cute. No. You're like a bird. And best part of us song. It's four and a half minutes long, by the way, too. So I could play it about four times and we'll take us right up to two o'clock. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. Wireless line in the town where they've got no material. Maybe that's just weak material. Not just bad, stale material. But no material at all. None. Zero zippity do go. Like this guy that's going to be a song of dance about. Captain Kirk McLean. Like anybody cares about that. Oh, of course not. Get with it. Get with a program. Don't be like those one dimensional football people that are making football calls in a Middle of January. Okay. And then in a little of July. Get with it. Get a life. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes. You got a great show. Yes. I do. Two by the current. Hey. Did you read the hell about the program? Yeah. I don't know if I had like unlimited calls on the show. If I had like if I'd have to spend 90% of my time squeezing and begging for calls. I could have I could have a 90 share if I had a real show here. If I had a real audience. Would you say about your rose? But did you read the paper about a protest on a Q West? Okay. And that got on today just like it didn't. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hey. Welcome back. I want to let you know that one of the south Florida's finest gave me a ticket yesterday because I pulled through an intersection and was crowded. I got stuck after the light change and I got to take it for obstructing traffic. Yeah. But none of the other culminates to the down there during the protest. Okay. Great. 560 560. You see basically if you take this is the one thing that I'm learning here today. If you take that one element out of your out of your uh uh uh i tinavery. Do you got nothing left? That's it. That's all you got to talk about. She got a kiss to ground that you got to that. I'm hearing people that I want to speak English because that's all you know how to talk about. I find it terminally boring. And the last thing I want to be on this show is boring. It's repetitive. It's nausea. I'd rather hear. I'd like to hear. You're nice. That's right. I'm going to play this. I don't want to talk about it. I can't tell you people. Okay. You're a little bit annoying. I don't know what's about all the banana people to do. Okay. Great. Well if you don't like it move the grower. Okay. Move the Palm Beach. Move the Boca. Move the Stewart. Move the Uranus. Get a life. 560 560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Uh, far as the uh photos concerned that might be delayed that attorney freedman. You know, it's filling uh fake county. Not to put it on the ballot. No, they're not filling not to put it on the ballot. No, they're not filling not to put it on the ballot. They're not to put it on the ballot. Yeah, but that might delay the whole thing. No, it will not delay the whole thing. The judge has just headed on the air here a few minutes ago. Sir, the hearing has been moved up to 330 on Friday. Oh, I didn't hear that. Well, there you go. All righty. Thank you. And have a great day. Okay. See a little bit of day. A little bit of information is very very dangerous. 567. We got one call on a boy. It's going to be Jordan night or it's going to be you and a call. Okay. I couldn't give a crap. Let's make no difference. I get paid just as much. I can reach over here and press the button. I can start it and I can stop it and I can start it and I can stop it. They're making a goddamn bit of difference to me. But if you want to show the world, all these millions of people are listening on the audio net and on all over the world. To one of the great radio shows in the history of mankind. The fact that nobody understands that anything to say they'll say, Oh, that's why nobody wants to go there. That's why everybody just cringes when they mention the name of that place. No wonder. How does that poor bastard do it every day five days a week? And how come you don't want to work another 15 20 years doing this crap? 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T line. Plenty of space for it today is managed would say. Plenty of openings in the motel. Here's a mobile and pompano. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. In avoiding the welfare game. So off the game last night I was flipping around and on any. There was a day of a show called City Confidential. Yeah. And they were talking about the stabbing murder and rape of a girl in vermuda. And the entire island in the entire community was totally shocked by this brutal action. And then this is the whole thing just, you know, went into detail about about the case, which was, I was thinking to myself as I was watching it. If that happened, if that happened here, when that happens here, it's about five minutes if that on Channel 7 with all the hysteria and on all the other stations, it's nothing. We're so brutalized here and we're so used to it that violence like that is in every day of currents and we just kind of... The slaughterhouse man is what you're trying to say. And I've been telling you that for many, many years this is. This is not a civilized place to live. It was made to me. It was made to me. As I'm watching this, one of the head, a native gentleman there in dreads and everything else like that person that he would say, oh my god, look at this guy he's staring and he's gone on. Right. And he's on there and he's saying, this is not the way we are. We're civilized people. And I can't believe that something like this happened in our community. And this was a single isolated incident and it was such, it had so much gravity that it caused it with a Canadian virus and it actually caused an international incident between Canada and Burmuda. And I was just sitting there and I was going to myself, how low have we gone and how far have we sunk it into the incident? What do you know, low here? This is nothing new. It's been going on here for 30 or 40 years. Is this the slaughterhouse? I really think brand new. Well, no, but it's, I guess what it is, it's like a callous. You know, it starts off being an irritation and then the skin gets a little thicker and then it takes more and more to irritate it and bring it on. It's just, it's, it's, it's numbing less. And I can look at that and realize, I mean, here we are. Like, you know, you always come back from Amsterdam and wherever you've gone, you say that these are civilized places and they, you know, we just draw a film on this. Right. Right. You know, it just, and it so happens that one of the two assailants in this case was not a, a permuting, he was a Jamaican and, Yeah, there you go. Exactly. I respect you. Okay. Well, I think you solved it. Yes. Yes. I'm now hitting the low, low, sit in two down and when that redel herald, I just can't pull it down. It's all the three goes moves the way. I have to try to get you. He tells me how to change his name and that's to be am in and around. And he can't go around. It makes my tongue fall, fall, fall, fall, fall, fall. And it's perfect for a town where there's no light to be found. Outside of what we do the test, like rubbing at the ends and shooting stories to me, and those hair rotators do the average in the actual studio. It's calm woody, then it's said that that's all you do alone. I read the website at the case of Black Bean Square, and then I wipe my ass on my white barrel of shirt to the ampy hand. And he can't run. This makes my tongue fall, fall, fall, fall, fall. The pmpy hand, or drop, the pmpy hand. There are wells that stick in. I don't think it's good to get a ploy. I don't think it's good to get a ploy. Anyway, it's 12.03 at 5.60 WCWM. John Peanus was in here interfering with the show, but after San DuSpaiga, I got through doing it. San DuSpaiga is here to tell me which cut to play after Jordan Night Elm. How do you like that? Oh, there's a better one. Oh yeah, he says, oh yeah, cut number of young. I think he said when he said it was really good. 5.60 WCWM, 5.60 WCWM, 5.60 WCWM, here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hi, good afternoon. Good noon. Good day. Good day. I don't know if anybody told you about Monday morning, but they were already in the morning. They were peddling the attacks in trees. They had some kind of guess from the MetroDate Expressways. And they were why we need the asselling trees and whatnot. They were promoting it? Yes, they were promoting it. I didn't know San DuSpaiga was. But you know, I have children that if they would ask me for two pennies for education, I would say yes. You know, our problem is that our school system is first screwed up. The people don't know their math here. They don't understand that another quarter of a day, it's $5 a month, which it goes to maybe $120 a year. But when you grow them by $1 a month, it's $120 a year. Well, $60 last time I checked. Well, back and forth. Okay. One way. And if you wanted by a car or any big appliance, it's going to cost you much more than that plus. All the utilities you're phone, your mobile phone, your electricity. Right. So it's not a penny. It's 1% it's not just a penny. It's 1% it's 1%. That is 1%. So if people will learn their math in elementary school and high school, we wouldn't have this problem. Yeah, well, you're dreaming now. Yeah, I'm sorry. That's about it. Okay. Thanks for that. So if you put these on there, promote the one-cent sales tab. Okay. Autistic of footing is what a jerk. What an idiot. 560, pound-560 on a mobile one line. Waiting for some people with some new material here today. So far it's pretty stale. She was all right. But other than that, here's plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm one of those people that hang out at the plant. They're actually the log-rass small. I'm your neighbor. Right down the street. Yeah. Believe it or not. And you're at the log-rass? Hang out there pretty often. This sounds like the guy with the eyes to me. George. And. And. To this. It is. It's the guy with the eyes. What did I know? Was that that was the self-fulfilling prophecy? Wasn't it? I said, who are those geeks that hang out at the saw-rass small? And there's the guy with the eyes. With when you look up the word geek in the dictionary, his picture's right next to it. They invented the word with him in mind. And he hangs out at the saw-rass. With all those other people who came from some work from some place where the ship landed. We don't know where the ship is. Wow. Woo. That is shocking to me. And also one more good reason why I'm not shopping there anytime soon. Although I would like to try legal seafood. I love legal seafood because I've eaten there in the one in Boston many times. And it's great. And it's a chain. And it's the same. Yeah, we had one or two spy reports on it. By now you would think a whole lot of other people are eating there and legal seafood. Maybe what I'll do is go over there like tomorrow night have dinner with legal seafood. And then go over watch American Pie, which I'm sure must be playing at the AMC 500 metroplex movie theaters They've got over there. Must be. Here's a mobile and boin and beach, Hilla. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. That last guy, no doubt, just by the sound of his voice. Oh, I mean, the first thing I thought is this is not a program. I forget about it. I forgot about it. I forgot about the voice. If you saw this guy. Oh, man. To see how he's to just. Hey, that last two in that you guys had on my heart. They're getting crazy. That's number one would have bullet. What is that last song you guys had before they're coming through the break? The Pandora? Yeah, that's fantastic. Okay. And I was wondering who was the heat looking to draft in fourth round next year? I'm glad I just got out of Rayford. 560, 50560, Pont560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, Hilla. Neil? Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. Just wondering if you received my fact today on that fashion's big out in David. Yes? Have you talked about it yet? No, of course not. I'm not going to put that on a year. I mean, anybody can make up some story like that. How am I going to put that on a year? Because it's true. Well, I'm happy for it. So you're unhappy. The case may be I'm not going to slander somebody on the year based on you facting me something with somebody's name on it. Of course not. 560, 50560. I just love these people who think that this show is like an outlet for their own access to grind. And I'm without even being able to verify something. I'm just going to put it on the air. Here's Hila. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. You're doing a fine job in sort of George last week. This is where you were going. I'm sorry did you lie the thread in the harrow. There was a piece by a guy called Bill Carter. You're not times. You know, sure called family guy. Fox is new on any show. And here's some priest named Shell started writing letters to the advertisers and the call that the Cloud sponsors USA, which didn't exist. And he's been crazy. Got the few of them to withdraw the gaps, Brent, Kellogg, Stepsy. I wonder if you'd seen this thing. No. I'm going to send it to you. Okay. It's good for a little bit of fun. I'm using it. Take it easy. Okay, sir. Tatah. 5. 6. We got 600 open lines. Two hours to kill here. We're going to make it today. Not a chance in hell, baby. That thing was as you're making when we should add 100 calls on head. Not one call. Well, of course, they realize what I'm saying is true. They just gave up. It's you and the towel. I was acting in the church. In his court. Everyone has the right to a fair try. One of their proven wrong. He has the right to make them. Just change brawl. John says the case. Why don't we want to matter if Roth versus Jones. Thank you, Mr. Honour. It's a lucky move back to the guys. That's what we're going to have. Oh, it's him and dad. Sure. Mr. Jones and I. Carpooled the work occasionally on the way to work. He put in a Ricky Martin cassette. Then he just cranked up the volume on my cassette machine and pulled the knob off. So I couldn't turn it down. Oh, yeah. I'm going to have to. I'm going to have to. No, you're on or I can't stand Ricky Martin. Oh, come on. You're on or the knob on the cassette machine came off by itself. So I really wasn't my fault. Oh, when you're walking, really, really, really. I didn't. Yes, you want to because the defendant told me to and he said, Just turn that as a volume. And I did. And I did. I turned it off. You did. Hey, I've been down to my car. I'm going to say anything. I apologize to you. You had not fooled in any way. I mean, you're going to be living in the church. And I was so upset. It's the moment you're going to have a business. You're going to know what the offense the law gets them on you. You're James Dork. Well, they both have one thing in common anyway. Q 14 is 560 WQM. We have 14 open lines 560, 50560 on a mobile one line. Hey, Goldberg of two six o'clock Jim Madditch from the stadium. The dolphins are having night practice when I'm really sure what they're practicing. Maybe a breakout. Oh, you think that. Maybe that's what it is. And a practicing escaping. As Jimmy continues signing every goddamn criminal that ever came out of the pen. And they got the dolphin practice at the stadium. Amanda, it's going to be there. Six tonight tonight. Am I right? Yeah. And it's capital nine o'clock tonight. Two and a more must be a lot of gambling going on. Cause we give it an extra hour tonight. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No. It's a little bit of garage. It's down to my amy. I don't know if you can hear me. If you can hear me say yes. Can you hear me? What is it? I'm pulling you to a garage. Yeah, I'm fine. I hear you. The beginning of the little chopper. Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. I just want to face it. Yeah. Okay. Oh, that was great. Man. That was awesome. Bad is what happened to Josh on guiding light yesterday when they dragged him away. The prince and the princess and whatever all that crap is about. Boy, talk about silly. Talk about ridiculous. And that's why we watch garbage like that because we need an escape from all the other all these things like that call 567560, pon 560 on a mobile one line. That was my favorite call of the last five years. There. That was great. Unless you sir. You and that piece of crap phone you got. Here's a mobile in pepper pine. Hello. Just wondering if you caught the articles on Martin Frankle, the gentleman who was scounded with the Vatican's money. And a couple of mutual funds money. No. You didn't catch any of that yet? No. So three hundred million dollars had some stripper at the Vatican stripping off a close and everything else. Oh, right. Yeah. Get the priest into this. Nobody's called up in the last three weeks about this case. No. Guys on the run it was in Connecticut that he had this. Where did you read this? I was spending the Wall Street Journal the New York Times. Even the Sun's Fennel had a little blurb on it but nothing spectacular. I guess that's why. Do you read any other newspapers except the arrow in the Sentinel? Well, I'm not here, but when I walk, well, well, I also am going to buy when I'm here. Well, I figured maybe the New York Times. No, I don't read the New York Times. To me, the New York Times is a suit intellectual piece of crap. All right. And then this little crap that they have here. Hi. Well, I don't care. Maybe they finally hit a story that you didn't have here. But generally, it's not the matter. It's not the matter. It's not the matter. It's not the matter. It's not the matter. It's not the matter. You know, kept up with what's going on. Yeah. Help my show a lot because I didn't read the story that you're talking about. It would help my show a lot. And if I would just read the goddamn scope back to New York, okay, to leave the times on your doorstep every day, okay, pal? You jackass? That's a typical New Yorker, okay? Because I didn't see this story. And I'm listening patiently. He's describing. And do I read any other papers? I subscribed to New York Times for two or three years. Several years ago, okay? When used to deliver it in that orange wrapper every day morning, it's the biggest waste of frickin' time and money. Cost an arm and a leg. And what's the big deal with the stickin' pseudo intellectual New York Times? Give me the Toronto sun any day. I can name you a hundred papers right now, better than if frickin' New York Times. But this guy, because he's from New York, therefore, I don't read the New York Times. And would be on a lot better for my show if I would read it. No, if an asshole like you would call every 15 or 20 minutes, that would be better for the show. That would be very helpful. Call me again tomorrow about the same time, okay, pal? And feed me some more of your bull crap. Erick it, New York Pig. Here's a mobile and four-later nail, huh? How you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I just got back in vacation too. I guess we signed it together this time. All you gotta do with the New Yorker man is look at him cross-eyed. That's a great one minute about what time a day it is. Right away, right away, right away, they start with a frickin' attitude. I feel the same way. I got a spy alert for it. I saw one of our model citizens, one of our jocks. The other day, we have a secretary and she dates a lot of athletes. She says, I want, you know, who just is sitting here? And I said no, it's a black man, I know that. And she said, this is Brian Blades. And I just spared that in. I didn't have anything to say to him except what I was thinking was you murdering some of the bitch that got off the Scott Freed. Yeah. And she wanted me to be so impressed. He was a lady of the guy. Wasn't impressed, Neil? Wasn't impressed? Just another shorthar, huh? Yes, that's all. Okay, thanks. 560, 560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Davey, hello. Anyhow, how you doing today? Okay, sir. Terrific. Anyway, anyway, I was, I wanted to call about that call. That's allegedly left that fact before he went on break. Before he went on station break a few minutes ago. Yeah. Well, I want you to know. I wanted to thank you for showing restraint on that. Because whoever they guy was, that's set that fact. That's what's facts. You know what's in the facts? Well, the one that said he said that he said the facts to you. Oh, what's in the facts? I have no idea. So how can you be congratulating me for our restraint when you don't even know what it's about? Do you have any idea what it was about? Well, he allegedly, with this guy say, was about that fact. You stick with some. No, hi, uh-huh. 560, 560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. And it's just, it's like a little cluster fork is what it is, you know. Guys sends me a fact this morning that I got before come on a year about something that allegedly happened at some school in Davy. And, you know, he could have just made it up. I had no way to know it. And he's got a guy's name in there. Which I'm not going to go on here and repeat it. Just because somebody sends it on the facts machine. And now he's got this Pond calling. What a same ball of crap. Find yourselves a life, okay? In fact, I can regulate the guy. I think he should have horse whip both of you. At the same time. Think he should have put you in jail with Robert Baker and you can all watch or participate in all of those horrible things that he was talking about, which we can only imagine what they were. Who the, how are you, kidd man? Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Yes, sir. I like when they say, I really hope you show out. Yeah. He really helps my show out. He's calling. He's calling to have a discussion with me. But I need to read the same articles that he's read. Why doesn't he clip the article out? And why did he send it to me instead of giving me a suit when likes you will song it at the end about why should be reading? Yeah. I'm going to read the damn stick in New York Times. I like when I'm in my ass with New York Times. And what way would it help the show? I like when they say that. But the ratings, the ratings mean nothing. But later I listen. A couple of weeks ago, and I went to mango monsters around their demonstrating. 560, 560, 560, 560, and a mobile online. Here's a mobile in Sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I don't want to discuss it. I just was curious about your ban on the C word. And I thought I wanted to discuss it. I just happened tonight. I just heard you cut off the paper. I said, hey, what do you mean? I just did it again. I will continue doing it because I'm tired of it. It's not interesting. It's not, it's, it's terminal. Well, that's going to seriously affect your ability to criticize. That's what goes on down here a lot though. Sir, if something else happens, I'll be more than happy to discuss it. There's nothing happening right now. And I don't want to keep rehashing and restating the obvious. There's nothing going on at the moment. I want to understand somebody washes up on the shore. I'm not going to spend the whole day talking about it here. If we have more disturbances, or, you know, I'm going to talk about whatever's going on in time. There's nothing to talk about. These, these one note Charlie's that want to keep restating the same thing. Well, they're terminal. It's like the sports callers. They're ponderous. I just love your commentary about what's wrong down here. Whether it's the seaward or the New Yorkers that come down like that last guy. So I just didn't want to miss out on it. And have a great day sir. All right. 560560, 560, unimobile one line. Are you using, what are you doing in there? What is that? That's that hand wash stuff. And I told you to stop using that. I'm still not out of it. I like you're not out of it. And I was good. You're not out of it. You know what you sound like? Now you sound like my mother. You're not out of it. My mother who was negatively even with my money. Oh, seriously. If I could begin to tell you how annoying that is, she'll tell me she'll do something that I bought in my house. Like, like, what tied or whatever it might be. Soap the detergent. Whatever it is. Oh, now, stinging realize you can get the same thing at log range for 29 to 29. Like, I'm going to go out and pay attention to price. The money I'm making and the money that I give her every month. And on her birthday and on Mother's Day and all these other days. So she's not only nigrily with her own money. She's got to be nigrily with my money, too. I don't want to get friends. Like, if I wasted one square of toilet paper, we probably have to have a congressional investigation about it. How come I'm not thrifty enough? Which I didn't realize I was Scottish. 560, 560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Well, it's very true. And that is that it must be like an instant thing with a lot of you people out there. Because if a word for the various groups who destroy this town and keep disrupting it, I have no idea what kind of a life you'd have. Because that's the only material you've got. No matter what, like I was ballistic the other day about this thing with a penny sales tax. And the charade they're doing at the time of the traffic, which is the first thing that confronts me when I get back to town from vacation. In my car out there on the 112 is this big traffic jense because we got a bunch of bozos who can't figure out the difference between a quarter and 50 cents. There was no big human cry about that. I had that Dave Slater on here putting us all in. It will come up for 15 or 20 minutes, which I salute him for what he enriched Friedman and tried to do. But I'll be honest with you, it was coma inducing. It was boring. I don't want to be boring, okay? Anything else I'd show, but boring is the last thing I want to be. Here's Miami, hello. Yes sir. You know, I'm very highly upset with you today. And why is that sir? Because you don't seem to give people second chance anymore. You know what I'm saying? What kind of a fully voices this? This ain't no phone anymore. Yes, not either. It's why? This is straight up. Right now. Yeah, I think I ain't going to have for you. Yeah. And how come you got the radio turned up in the back there? You got your squeezing yourself now, why do you listen to the side of your voice? You mean, you know what? Yeah, you need to get a life is what you need to be telling. Work on that comedy act. Okay, it's really bad. Like I said, boring is bad. There's a good buddy, JP, you came to say hello to us briefly. Just a joke. Just a gist relax. Just sit down and quit being so uptight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60, unimobile one line. Yeah, you need to do. You need to do that. You know, I don't need to do anything. I don't need to do anything that you tell me I need to do. See, as soon as somebody says, you need to, at that point, that's the end of the conversation. Now, if you want to have a discussion, I'm sure there are got lots of people who talk. Some of the sports shows are big good. I can pick a several right now. Some of the ones that start very slowly, you know. I don't want to mention any specific one. Here's a call from Naples. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Calm down, please. Calm down about one. Don't get too ratty. I'm going to be calm down. I'm calling about the business lawyer that you got to call about. It was not only in the New York Times. It was in USA today. And it was an amy-herald and page five about two weeks ago. And if you get a hold of the story, if someone would please fax it to Neil, you'll have a lot of fun with it. Because this guy looked like Alfred E. Newman with glasses. He's a little bit about 350 million dollars. Had women stashed and mansions all over Connecticut. Oh, yeah. Maybe I did see that story. It sounds vaguely familiar. But it's true. It's true. It's a strange. It's a fiction. I've never catch the guy. It's going to be a very, very funny story. Okay. And I think you've got a rather than telling you which newspapers ought to be reading. If they would just back. I know. It has been in a couple of weeks. They haven't found the guy yet. And it's going to be. It'll be all over when they do find him. Okay. Bye-bye. Thank you. Yeah. If you just read some other goddamn newspapers like you. I say today with all those color pictures in there. And then if you just go and watch that soft park movie. God damn it. Yeah. I'm going to adjust my whole schedule now. My whole life. Just to please this audience. Okay. You'll tell me exactly where I have to go. What I need to see. What I need to read. All you little fashies is out there. And it'll run the same circular file. That's the fact that I got this morning. You know the one about that goofball and David. I think I'm going to dig it out and read it. 27. I'll just make up some different names. 27 past noon at five, 60, WQA. I'm. I'll tell you right now. Seriously. I hit man for John penis. I really would. He just he just just just threw me off today. I came in this morning doing, you know, feeling pretty good. He's destroyed my day. He's just ruined my life. John penis. So if there's anybody there, I'm so never thought, I who thought I never met a penis. I didn't like in this case. Believe me. Well, make an exception. Because this John penis guy. He just he just is killing me. He's killing me. He's nurturing me. He's making money for my talent. And he's killing me. He's kind of like, killing me. Lamb Horse Dead onizes you! Making ałos Virus Jerry again? hamburger Royce in order to move on with his move. The President, it seems that he's the first, right? But there's this inom us with the disresh upon us. He's moving into the Sun. So. There's the Sun Humane. Look what he's throwing in the Sun. What? All he's moving into the Sun in the Sun. And they fallinged into the Sun and L cone. It revolves back again. Fe vast and over�이. All you, you little, you never feel let him go. when he fell their pump and left their phone stage short he's a star whether don't care what he are and if you think I'm just jealous that's okay Eeeeh Don't get me started on Ricky Ricky Martin No He might just lose a lot of fans Oh right Does it get me starting on Ricky Ricky Martin I'm not telling you he really loves a fan You don't get me started on Ricky Ricky Martin I don't care how much that he made because it begins to start on Ricky Ricky Martin I'm not just losing over here the flight Pentry 3 is just 1033 God has been a long half hour 1233 is 560 WQA Maybe that's why they're out of material already Nobody on the board not one out of single one 560 560 If I would just read like more colorful papers like the New York Times which don't have any color at all maybe once in a while I just do a panda just to make it look like they're moving to the 20th century with their old boring black and white and USA today to kind of balance it out with all those real colorful pictures and all those surveys and all those meaningless upholds that they take If I would just be up to date on that then we could really have a show here you know but I prefer to be stupid myself that I can relate to the South Florida audience 560 5060 Pant 560 on a mobile one line In fact I think what I'm going to do over this kind of weekend I'm going to go out and kill a few people and then see maybe if I can sign up to be a linebacker with a dopant See that's another thing nobody that calls this radio station really got too much to say about the top any of these things including the bitch that called for the night time jica was filling for a capplin which I think is the one to be far one in vacation and I'm coming home from the track that night and this woman calls it about the train's free whale and how good he'd be doing in New York and how what a bad mistake it was that he didn't get him and Tom jica nice to go out by the way Tom was rightfully outrated unlike most of our sports circles that we have on this radio station Tom being a guy with a little bit more common sense like that and not even to perpetuate all of this crap to try to keep his own livelihood going Tom was just a gas at her attitude and so was I and I thought to myself what a bitch he must have a relative who's been in Jamaica must have rubbed off oh yeah well look to think winning is more important now we can't worry about the character these people anymore we just have to worry about winning and by the way how come our kids don't have the right values anymore here's my me lakes hello speaking of which cereal killer that rafieel remirrows reminters whatever the hell is in there is a marriage for us yes now that he is in custody yes and he hasn't been convicted yet yeah I heard that he kicked a field gold in high school maybe to do so all right right right right excellent I have blessed you there there you go let's get him in here now the light before they put his ass on death row sign his ass up Jimmy just what we need is another Mexican little Mexican field girl kicker all right 560 560 pump 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in South Miami hello hello me oh yes hey yeah what's your take on a young university of mine you are a cool team this year hey yeah yeah listen there you are why are you going to be a colleague down here all these folks have one thing split my mind are you a chance with me to land a couple years back and if you thought that the process down here and this is one day mind you shut down a call away they have this thing in a land I'm sure an investment land will call in and test the by this it's called freetnik it's what all the kids from all the black colleges it's like a black spring break I guess they call it come and do a downtown for the a black college festival where they have and you thought it was bad dying on just one street these are who you'll show them the calls away up there they stop as I swear to God they do this a by middle and we'll call in and test the right you keep saying the same thing over and over you said that four times now they shut down the streets together cars yeah last five or monkey music all over the place the picture monkey music all over the place okay thank you back on the port sweetheart five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line like I said thank God to live in a real enlightened place like America that's what we said yeah sixteen hundred open lines waiting to talk to somebody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail today you think it's gonna happen no doubt it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line mobile and Jupiter hello meal yes sir long time no talk have a couple questions for you a little bit off the subject uh new defense when it picked up any good I don't know any good look he's okay I heard much about him yeah and the tribe is the kid if you can work out but what for ever kid so why are we talking about this because I don't like any else Tom I was changed the subject meal what what I mean you don't like anything else it's the fourteen to July we don't know what he cares about hockey in the middle of July including me I just heard about this defense when I hadn't heard about him land how about it yeah how about it that was yesterday's news come on how about let's go this way okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line now we got this guy doesn't like anything else I'm talking about let's talk hockey no here's plantation hello hello yes sir hey and you're how you doing I was doing great about nine forty five that's what I've been working with I make it to great now let me ask your question well let me explain to me tell you something about twelve fourteen years ago when you were on zaytah don't cut me off and you went on vacation uh one Christmas the bird played your rack which are in all your bits and I recorded it about three hours worth of the funniest stuff I've ever heard in my life right and this morning I heard you play that Monica sagasa I gotta get that thing on tape did you tell me when you're gonna play it again can I tell you what I'm gonna play it again please it today tomorrow tomorrow morning at ten uh terrific okay thank you no don't let me forget I'm gonna call you and remind you slip them out onto the door funny stuff I've ever heard in my life I listen to that rack all the time okay and you can't see all right twenty one before one at five sixty wcum there was the best co-we've had all day to the amending a say but it was still the best co-we've had now we had a couple one or two five six seven oh five sixty see this is what happens when you get John penis comes here in the morning and just blows my mind with a bunch of bull crap and bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap and the meantime we don't have anybody in the sales department I don't actually even get you get you get me going off on Brian I thought that Brian was at the top of the list before our left of vacation come to find out he's also a jackass and gets you uh it gets sucks you in a puttin getts on a show when I heard about that which I've had no spiry ports about by the way sucks George into putting gets on a show from some fag play that's coming up there we're gonna be doing spots for next week about naked voice singing or something like that and then George let's Brian suck him into putting this is the same Brian by the way that wanted me to start talking about salad dressing at nine ten o'clock in the morning when my show started one day a couple of months ago because the president of the salad dressing company was in town listing in the car and he goes to George is there's some way you could get Neil to talk about it in the right of ten o'clock because the guy's gonna be listening yeah oh yeah by the way I love that salad dressing you people in the sales department here you're crazy people you are crazy crazy people each and every one of you it's just a matter of degrees and don't give me the third number either as in third degree go away far go sell some other shows be well as exploding ball look at all the redsick girls all certain the hair in girls go into the bar to get some drinks get to be by red next last like what you see each night on top there what put the fucking country look at all the reds next let's eat lunch at pizza or have if their dreams are one or two or they sell like an old with all their pick up right now the law in process in the lower to breach of court but it's telling why I'll travel hard to last yeah and over to me those who from hell nipple rags and bellies hat and velvet he just welcome that sir brother plays the banjo in the tree take pride in her heritage and says he says he's got his family our basements as a front quick Think 9550 tow qa m let's read all these booklets I got 400 booklets from the Freedom from Religion Foundation. They dear Christian, dear believer, they're confused. Is America a Christian nation and ex-wated book about the Bible? Why women need freedom from religion? Why Jesus? What's wrong with the 10th of Commandments, etc. And so on. Great stuff. Freedom from religion Foundation, Madison Wisconsin. They make a lot of sense. I'd rather read their stuff than the freaking goddamn New York Times any day the week. Okay? How do you like that? Take that map holes and stick them back in New York in the rotten apple. Why is it? I'm, of course, when you got 10, 12 million people, you do have to realize that proportionally, you know, it's figures that they're going to be a couple million real assholes. Why did they have to come here? 560, 5050, 5060, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just want to let you know that the real victims of all these tax high, and you know, this money being signed for out of our pockets and the people, like the kids in school, you know, like youth. Because they don't even care. And, you know, tomorrow it's the toll raise, you know, our tuition, but, you know, somehow we're going to be eating ramen noodles forever. I want to see how long would take before you put the thing on the cradle in the home too. Maybe that was the hand that rocks your cradle. 560, 5050, 5060 on a mobile one line. Thank God, the good stuff's in, they've been in a little late today, but it's in now. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Connor, talk about the, my name's Sam. That's the problem with the tune. 560, 5050, 5060. Have you ever noticed by the way that the shvarts is in this town? The only thing they can talk about is sports. You can always say ball games. No, not weed. They can smoke it, but then sell it, but they can't talk about it. Seriously, I mean, how come we don't have any spartures out there? They can talk about like important things. Oh, well, that is important. Like Steve Vizen and just resigned for 25 million for three years. Let's talk hockey, okay? I don't know. Never kid. Talk good by Kirk McClan. That's not. I mean, the guy calls me up and had known nothing about Lance Pitley. And he thinks I'm going to engage even in conversation about hockey, okay? What's the point? This guy wouldn't know where to find Ottawa on a map if you stuck his ass in it. 560, 5050, 5060 on a mobile one line. And by the way, the wrong Andy, I hate to say this, but I'm going to say it. Because I'm in just a silly enough mood. The wrong Andy from the hockey games died. I say that from my heart, from the bottom of my heart. The wrong Andy died. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. I got a problem. I need you to fix. I'm almost going to vote yes. And I wanted to know if the only problem I have is that I need to ask the question. I like the material idea. And I almost feel bad because I know how you feel about it. And I've been listening for a long time. And I've been in my hands for time. I'm going to have one. Well, I mean, I'm going to, I'm thinking I'm weighing two voting yes. It's the scale of the phone on that side. Well, go ahead. Have a great life. It's a free country. I can't tell you what to do. If you want the material, if that's going to make you happy, if you want to be selfish, go ahead. The thing is, I don't want to be selfish. I don't want to be selfish. I hate driving this town. It sucks. So what does that mean? I like public transportation. Well, I vote yes. Have a great time. I don't don't the call like this torture thing. I'm not here to tell you not to eat vanilla ice cream. Just because it tastes like a bland. Go ahead. Go ahead. Stick it to the rest of the people in this county. Don't have a conscience. You'll have a lot of sleepless nights too bad just so you have your convenience. Okay, these selfish, like most everybody else. Just be a selfish prick. We want to call you on the carpet fort until I 30th. But it passes by one vote. 567.0560. Pont560 on a mobile one line. Mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. Nail. Yes, sir. Listen, I was driving down Palm Beach Lake Boulevard. And there's a cop in this. There's with students from radar. Yeah. And I just noticed that, you know, yeah, you see, people like break in. They say, you know, you almost call it cars like a 20 car collision. This A whole cop pulls out in the middle Palm Beach Lake Boulevard. Holds up the whole three lanes of traffic. Pulls us guy over in Palm Beach almost cars like a 15 car pile up. Offer just a revenue. You know, you know, you know, the 40 50 miles an hour. But you know, I mean, they like wanting to get the money for revenue for tickets. But you're like trying to kill everybody. But sir, let me ask you this question. Do you think that it's going to change? Do you think that's something is going to change? No, I doubt it. No. I was kind of to work this morning. I'm coming down Hyde is wrote. And there's a couple of porters standing there with their radar button. They're talking to each other. And of course, I saw them. We have to wrote. So I'm going exactly 35 and a road by the way, with their speed limit. Minimum should be 45. Maybe even 55. But definitely 45. And they're standing there again. Shooting fishing in the barrel of their radar gun. It's just a waste of our taxpayer money. But it's not going to change because it's the American F and way. I about to say you want to be. It does give me pissed off and fired up. Well, that's good. Don't take it. Okay. 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile online. We got people murdering people. But we got people in jail for a little weed. We got all this other bullcraft. We got the governor's wife's mother and 20 grand worth of God. And we got the airport through customs. Thank God. She said the person in which made it a lot easier by the way for me to smuggle in those two pounds. I brought back from Amsterdam. 560 560. I'm going to crack it out tomorrow. By the way, that's right. He's going back to the angel. That's good. We don't want to corrupt him. I'm bringing in a good stuff tomorrow. So if anybody wants to have a raid on the building here tomorrow, we're going to have a lot of a reaper right here in the studio all during the show tomorrow. Make no mistake about that. George is bringing in his instruments from the house. We're going to have a big gigantic party. We'll stay a little for next week. Okay, that's enough. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. I mean, what kind of a country? Oh, my God. Well, in fact, one of the things I did clip off this morning, which I wasn't going to refer to any of these things. Or maybe I tossed it. Maybe I shot candid. I guess I did. That's stupid article about marijuana that study that they did. And somebody experts say this and somebody else, but all what about. And then what's the guy's name? I always liked him. Charles Rangel, a big black guy from the Bronx up there near. Always liked him. Good liberal guy. Oh, this is a terrible message for our kids. Yeah, right. What about your horse crap? Okay, Charlie. Cut the bull crap. I guess he figures maybe it'll take away if we legalize pot. It'll take away a lot of business for some of the people in his district. You know, I don't want to mention the Puerto Ricans. Here's a lady in the Miami, hello. Yes, man. Hi. How are you? Great. How are you? Good thing. Good what? What? I'm a fucking generation fan. Great. You know, I am now? No. I'm at a jewelry duty. And I had a break so I decided to go to my client. But I can see that I haven't really had a chance of those in pieces. I graduated from school about five years ago. Now, the case that you were trying, I was somebody like on trial for his life or something like that. No, I don't think so. What do you do? No, I claim this like in the jewelry pool. What are you just in the pool? Yeah, yeah. You're just waiting in the pool. Yeah. But I haven't had a chance of some pieces for five years and two or six can't. So this is what I'm like walking around at lunchtime at home. What are you? You're just in this grade and you notice it's the same old crappie. You know, just at the same horrible collars, the same old crappie. It's great. No, no, no, but I have a chance of this because the world let me call him before I get Paul's back. I want to clock. So listen, let me take something else. So, we think about Ricky Martin. Do you want to real answer about Ricky Martin? Yeah, because I know you'd like to lose some of those. I wanted to see your opinion on Ricky Martin. That damn bag, I can't stand it. No, he has a back and phone. Yeah. I know. Are you telling me he gets like a picture or something on the phone? And he can't sing for crap. Yeah, but it basically dances better than in Ricky's list. He counts me for sh**. Yeah. But do you like how he dances? I don't like anything about him. He nauseates me. He revolts me. I'd rather watch Jordan night and I'd rather be dead than watch Jordan night. Does that tell you how much I despise Ricky Martin? So, what about Ricky Liz? In Ricky. I love in Ricky. Yeah. He can't sing for crap either, but I love him. I know. At least he's pretty anyway. I can't stand it. Wait, he thinks it's that way. He wants to go off. He can't think for sh**. Yeah. He's beautiful. He's lovely. Yeah, but I still can't stand him. Okay. Have a great day and do right now. Do justice. Okay. Okay. Try the rest. She's just waiting in the pool up to her knees, I guess. 560, 560, 560, 560, and I'm a wife. You know, Ricky Martin. What's there to talk about? A lot of hysterical young women out there with really crappy tastes who couldn't get laid in the pickle patch. Okay. That's the problem. And he could get laid by Ricky Martin either by the way. Under any circumstances. Trust me when I tell you. I guarantee it. I promise it right now. You can take it to the bank. You can bet your life on it. But all those hysterical steamy girls no matter how on what never they look like. Okay. There not getting anywhere near his. Okay. Whatever the mayor's name is. Here's Volkay. Hello. Hey, Mia. How are you doing? Okay, sir. If we're having this party with the stuff from Amsterdam's Mark and I come down. No. No. No. We don't share. No. It's George going to be going back to Gainesville or who? Yeah. George is going to gain build. JP's taking over the show tomorrow. You can probably come back to the show. Yeah. So, pretty fierce implant you like them. Do I like them? What does that mean? Do I like them? I mean I'm a fan. You got to appreciate them. What was your dad thinking? What did you mean what was your dad thinking? His dad was seeing dollar signs. His water dad was thinking. Your dad was so fool. Her dad's making a fortune. That's true. That's right. FNA, baby. That's the American. Who was TNA and FNA? I mean more. Younger one should do it. That's the American way. Right. So that's good. But Ricky Martin. He's not doing it for you. 560, 560, Pomp 560, on a mobile one on Syria. Puzzles. Puzzles. Would be such a compliment for that call. That would be such an understanding of my nausea and grief with that particular call. And just to tone your voice. So sad. See, I'm not one of those people that really gets all that excited about people that I can't really touch and have and hold. I mean, you know, if you don't have a life and you want to get all whipped up into a frenzy about people that you never give away the 100 miles of great be my guest. I don't get all that excited about people. You know, if it's somebody that actually I can reach out and touch, then I get a little bit excited about it. And if I actually do reach out and touch, then I might get real excited about it. But somebody that's like, nebulous because they're in show business. I'm not one of those people that says drooling in front of my TV set. Unless of course it's that little in a Marlin video and I'm watching that guy. She's chasing him on the railroad station. Why keep talking about? Well, if you'd know, if you know what was really going on, but you don't. Three minutes before one at five, 60 WQAM. I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans. I find their illogical and foolish emotions come to you. It's a fun moment on. Something bothering you, Mr. Spon. I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans. I find their illogical and foolish emotions come to you. It's a constant urgent. Unlike you, we humans are full of unpredictable emotions. It's loud. Fenders. Yes. Don't be afraid. Just my head. Or, you're beautiful. Or beautiful in any cream of beauty. I've never known what is your point for this spot. Okay. Just me. You're not your mind. You're not your mind. You're not your mind. You don't really want to hurt me. Do you? But that's the only thing. No, I don't. I'm so... Why? Can't. Just think this in quick. God. I'm under your mind. Second office response. God. Hospital in my head that they're all in the entry point. Yes. Very well, Captain. What I can. Please, is you. What are you waiting for? If you excuse the intrusion captain. Sorry, the hatch. I'll go for your choice of terms, Captain. Oh! It's just... I feel so weak. God, this is over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's going out. Oh, God. Oh! It's going to be waiting disgracefully. I have an animal flesh and I've enjoyed it. I'm really curious to what it is. I was thankful. In more ways and not. I don't know why. I have not been infected. Thank you, Mr. Spock. From both of us. 103-560-WQM. By the way, manager just to phone to the message he said. A Robert Baker was upset and grossed up at the things he saw behind bars. Wait till he sees what's going to go on a dolphin training camp. Oh, it was showers. 560-560-560-WQM. Hello? Yes, sir. That was so funny. It was cute. That was so funny. That was so funny. Good guys make that. That's something that you guys like. Like, like, some... We did it. That's great, Neil. Yeah. Thanks. Okay, see. Okay, that was... How do you like that? I was a squeeze himself who's so excited about hearing it. He's trying to figure out how he can do it. 560-560-560-560-on-a-18-T-Y-Line. By the way, I've had word that the calls today have really sucked. I had a report on that. And, the, I mean, we're this hour with an upgrade a little bit between now and two o'clock because the calls have really been very weak. Very weak, because I didn't spoon feed the audience at the beginning today. And I also cut out the... F***C word. So, we get, you know, kind of limited your repertoire. Remedically. Oh, yeah, but those damn f***s! Yeah, f***s! Oh, yeah. 560-560-160-160. And see, just as soon as I said we're looking for good calls to where three I see dropped off immediately. At least, that's good. That's a good time when they know they got no material. Just hit the road. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Yeah, well. Yes, sir. Neil, which is nothing much, but I've thought today's issue of USA today. I don't know if you saw it and Mr. didn't care. No, I don't read you, I said today. I get it. I get it. Well, it has a special report today on the internet changes in medicine. It is, you know, worth the 50 cents. It's very complete. It's certainly a lot of things. There'd be helpful for anybody that has any problems if they would need to use the internet for. I just think you might like the best that I'm to your first name. No. Okay, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I have you doing great. There was an article in the hell while you were on vacation. I don't know if anybody had brought it up. That WFAN had tried to contact Joe Rose and it's that's true. A certain CERWAAFN. Oh, so the fan. Yeah. Isn't that a legal? Is one a legal. Oh, the radio station contacted and all the pens on the circumstances. In other words, somebody can contact me and say, you know, we're just interested in finding out how along your contract runs and are you under contract and etc. And so on. It depends on what the circumstances were. I understand. Another thing. In a fact of this radio station file lawsuit against the non-existent radio station at 1950 on a radio dial. That tells me how insecure and pathetic Greg Reed really is. Is if I knew that anymore, assurance of that. Which I did. There's no question about that. The second thing I wanted to ask you. Were you aware that there's a sequel coming out to silence the lands? A movie sequel? There's a sequel. I was over at a copper say. I know you know that's a book. It's not a movie. It's a book. No, no, no, they were going to make a sequel. I've Anthony Hopkins was going to play. Oh, yeah. I did. How about the calendar? I did hear that. Yeah, that's in the talking stages. Oh, it is. Uh-huh. So there is a possibility of a sequel then. Yeah. And do I care? Why do we have to bring that back? What's the point now? All the way. At least at the end of that movie, he was still running around on the loose. That's true. And it's true. He does want to eat his psychiatrist. Right. Oh, okay. Why don't I like that? Okay. Have a great day. 560, 560. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Jordan night wants to eat his psychiatrist. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, anybody who would buy Jordanites records needs the psychiatrist. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'm feeling tired. And you know you want to. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for listening to 560 WQAM 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Thank you. 52 weeks a year. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That must have been Robert Baker's boyfriend. You think so? I'm not going to like it to me. Either a cellmate or a soulmate. Here's a mobile in poker. Hello. I have to follow that. Yeah. My goodness gracious. How you doing, Neil? Great. You want to vacation George was informative. He was combative. He was terrific. Great. He was terrific. But I have to tell you a great story. I was listening. George had one of his pieces. He was talking about those alternative nightclubs down in full waterdale. Yeah. And hello. My co-workers in the car. She almost had a coronary when she was listening to the radio. And at least she turned 18 shades of red. It was the funniest thing you ever saw. And he was really good. Yeah. He was great. Well, you want him back on his shower? I don't know what that would be like. I think you should have his own show. Okay. What do you think? I think starting tomorrow would be good. I think it would be good. I think it's 10 to two. I'm ready to hit the road. I had a real good time. That's 10 days and then to them. Neil, did you eat in the hot cool when you were in Vegas? And hello. Did I want? He did the hot cool restaurant. I don't know. Never heard of it. Excellent. At you love it. It's at the blusher hotel. Okay. If your car is still listening, check out the hot cool. Okay. Check out the toy box. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They're both from Denmark. Count five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 9 minutes after one at QA. And we're taking a poll. Do you want George backing? Start tomorrow 10 a.m. Because I'm ready. I'm ready for another vacation right now. I'm not joking about that. I'm ready to. I mean, you know, come and work two or three days and hit the road again for another week or two. Sounds excellent to me. Like that seven months paid vacation ahead. You know, I would take off for a week, 10 days, two weeks, whatever. Come back to Tom. Pay my bills. You know, take care of a couple of things. Get back on a plane. Get out of here again. Sounds great. Oh, my, let's hear it. Let's hear it for Jorge. You know, 4 skin. I have no cavity. I have no case. I have no lunch. Never before has one movie brought together. Two people that know it in the country really cares about. You'll be bored to death when you see Julia Roberts, Bigmouth, and Hugh Grant's obnoxious smile in, nodding off Hill. Check local listings for theaters and times nodding off Hill. Can't wait. Once 13 at 5.60, WCM, we're going to go see American pie. And what we're going to do is watch it. We'll have a special screening right here in the during the show tomorrow. We'll bring in a good stuff. We'll sit around. Watch American pie. Have a little fun in here. I mean, talking to these biases is like pulling teeth. God. Like it's like going with blocks. A lot of his 40 visits to the dentist. Really, I've never worked with anybody in my life who goes to the dentist's office. Maybe he has an attractive hygienist. What do you think he's got stuck in those teeth? Here's Cape Coral. Hello. Cape 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T Wallace line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. Last week they had a, the state did another execution. There's some big fat guy. Hi, Nick. Yeah, he killed two kids. And he beat the ladies so bad that he broke the gun. Yeah, I can't believe these people standing in front of the prison. Oh, well, that's a nice kill. We shouldn't kill. Come on. Let me ask you this here. How come we can't do lethal injection? Like even those rednexinocohoma can do that. I mean, do we have to really see the nosebleeds and the fire shouldn't out of his hand. The other thing that we can do is he's going to be killed. I mean, we'll say it has to be pretty. You know, I mean, I mean, I mean, we have to be barbarians. Is that where you're saying, sir? We can't believe we have lethal injection. We have to do it the most barbaric way to satisfy your lust, is that what you're saying? Sir. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We have lethal injection. We have to do it the most barbaric way to satisfy your lust, is that what you're saying? Sir, I don't know. But satisfy your lust for violence and for vengeance? No, that's not what I'm applying to. How about it? How about if we just put them on TV on a six o'clock news? We had a bunch of people poke his eyes out first and then tear his limbs out. How would that be? No, I don't believe it. Well, let me speak on that. I think with the shirt. How about if we tie them to a chair and made them sit in the ocean of the angel or Ray Laffer half an hour? That's the one she knows. That would be torture, right? I think with the shirt, though, to get a point of call to these church going out to don't just censor killing you, televised it. I got a team of these guys taking a look at this and see what's going to happen to them. They're thinking about before they take another person's life. There you go. I'm an igreous with you. I think of lethal injection. Sure. Well, we're going to televised it and put them back in the chair. Then you want to see the nose bleed. You got to make a graphic if you're going to televised it. Yeah, you got to point. Thanks. Okay, see you. I still think time to a chair and making a list of the angel or Ray's laugh for about a half an hour. That would put them over the edge. Like in a clockwork orange when they had them lock up on the Beethoven music. 5605 would look at V. 560560, PAN5060 on the 80. Well, I'm out of that classical crap. Although I did once the recordings got shorts. Here's the curl springs. Hello. Hi. I'm voting for George and the poll. Okay. Thank you. Okay, our poll is there's one vote for George. George is starting to mark 10 o'clock. 560560. See, George was informative. That's what the one guy said before. That's one thing. I don't want to be informative. See, if you'd read the New York Times. If I were just read the guy named New York Times, then I could do a more entertaining show. See, that's the Royal audience. 27,000 years have been on a year here. I go on vacation and we can do the same George that they heated like poison half of Muffin till his last time. Now all of a sudden, you know something he was pretty damn good. We don't want you any more fat. So we want that little spick back on a year. He was pretty goddamn entertaining. I think starting tomorrow sounds real good. I'm going to be on a phone. As soon as I get off the year, so I get to Mommy's house. American Express Platinum, get that plane warmed up. Here's Mommy Beach, Hela. In the L. How are you doing? Great. I'd like to vote for you over George. No. Too late. I get so good these voting votes are right. What is the state county? Voting's been closed. Yeah. It's a voting election. Get two votes in the county. Okay. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Mommy's sure as Hela. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I just have a question for us. Did you get the B.B. Prince tape? No. It never arrived. All the front-parenthood tape with that interview. Yes. Yeah. But I appreciate it. But it's not what I want. Okay. Well, whatever. I wanted to make sure you got it. Right. The other thing was, he would not name call before. While you were overeditally. What happened is there's a book that was published only in Italy called Garmoth the Wind in the Vatican, written by a man, senior who retired. I did read about that. I read about that while I was over there in the USA today. Right. And they were not at the book school into a second printing and the church is having a set. Right. There was a big article about that. I remember vividly now, he would have just told me the name of the book. Yes. I was just trying to get a hold of a copy here. And I didn't even read it in New York Times. How do you like that? I don't know what kind of tell you. You're better off with a Harold. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. I read about that. 560. Of course, if I had an intern in front of me, I would talk about it. I'll respond to it anyway. So what would it point me? I mean, these people that give me a big son of that. Oh, if you would just read this. And then I come on here and talk about it. They're me. No response. Anyway. So what's the point, Mr? I'm sorry. I just don't want to be informative. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. I want to get some people on a phone here that got some material that have something to say about life. I'm trying 23 years. I've been trying searching for the first one. Searching. Still waiting. And don't give me a son of the answer about how George had all these great calls last week while I was away. Because when I believe that, no, you'll bet your sweet answer I won't. I've been around for too many times in this horse and buggy town to give me a son of an answer about what great calls George had for anybody else on this radio station. And guess what? I hear those sports shows in between putting the CDs in my player in the car. Every now and then I hear one of those calls. And I start screaming. I mean, screaming out loud at the radio. God, what do you people talking about? Any word on this linebacker for the Vikings? Oh, Jesus Christ. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Great. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Now let the maple leaf. Ah, there's another answer. Okay. Four and I'll see. Now that the maple leaf. Five words for mixture from the hockey games and other answer. Like I said, the wrong guy died from the hockey games. For Andy. There's several others who could have croaked in the early age. And we had a goddamn party. That's why we're having a party. Party tomorrow and honor where the people are going to die. I think it's really going to the hockey games. And this last one, he's one of them. 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. No material, no nothing, no life. No life. It's so amazing. You can walk around. You can connect a search party and it's done. And just unlimited numbers of people who don't even have the beginning of a semblance of a life. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Yeah, me. What is it? Okay. Thank you. Shorten to the point. That was his material. It's good when you realize your limitations. Here's a lady mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. Listen. I have to vote for you number one. And number two, George has planned this CD last week. And my husband put it on the CD realm of my computer. What a piece of crap. It was this electronic rocker role. I have no idea what it was. He was in tennis, launching a music game last week. Oh my god. I hate him. I don't think it's going to be like this. I don't think it's going to be like this. I don't think it's going to be like this. I don't think it's going to be like this. I don't think it's going to be like this. I hate him because you're funny. Yeah. And you have good case in music. Thank you, Peter. You have that good taste in music. Jordan, nice. Oh, this is the moment I create video. This is this. This sounds nice. Right to the door. I just think it's been too long. Just. Just. Thank you. This is the one. Oh. Just. You have to read you for. Yeah. Yeah. Just. Just. Put it to the underground. Please. Just one time. Just. Just. Okay, 22 past one is 5. 50 W. You're excited to see the 90s. We have the ankle, bro show in studio day to a clock. By the way, thanks. You have the night before the show. So the promise is to be a real eye popper. We've got Jim Manage from out of the ballpark, six o'clock to the line tonight for the dolphin. Whatever they're going to be doing. They're breaking out. They're breaking out of the raford. They're bringing in some of their brothers from up there from stark. Stark reality from six to night at the ballpark. Stark at the park. And then on a clock we got a canplan for start gambling. Well, we're going to have a great time at the track tonight. We're going to see if there's anybody knows us there anymore. Now that my good friend Ted left. Isn't that amazing? So typical of this time. You can go to a place for like 20 some years and then you walk in there one day and like who the hell are you? Yeah. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, talking about putting this guy to death. I definitely vote for poking his eyes out. I mean, these people create a heinous crime. You know? heinous crime? heinous crime. And you know, I think that if there is a burn off it's great. You know, if there's some of the things they do, not only that, it's like they don't get the message. And we're supposed to be, you know, humanity. They don't get the message. What does that mean? They don't get the message. If you do something wrong, you're going to be put the best, you know? Yeah. So what's the point? I mean, actually, you have a point. But people for you are not. I think we should think the next hour of the show, which will help to it and find out what horrible things we can do to them, so they'll get the message. Yeah. How about if we just hang up on you for a start? That would be good. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, why don't you slide here? Is Halandale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. No. Man. Whatever it is. Okay. Sure, thank you. First time. You're a grunter fresh air. I just turned you recently and you're the one person in this town that has a don't have to tell the truth. Yeah. And a judge was inadequate replacement. It was still just a replacement. Yeah. And I love your priorities. Okay. Could you play the Gades? Gades? Mm. Okay. Thank you. See you. Second by. Hi. 560, 0560. 560 on a goddamn AT&T wireless line. Man, you people are so boring. It's frightening. It's a national scandal. Wow. I mean, you're wondering why the town is so boring. How could this town be exciting when it's got the people in it? That it's got. If you had exciting people here, it would be an exciting place. It's a town that just loaded with the terminal tedious. Hey, Neil. This is Randy West. If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls. Here's Hi, Leah. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Yes. You think the button was 560, 0560 on a AT&T wireless line? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just moved here from Ohio. Well, I'll also start. You don't unpack two suences. You don't. Yeah. Should I move back? Yes. Even if you're from Lima, Ohio. I'll call on this. Even if you're from Washington, Ohio. Yeah? Or Fiddly, Ohio. If you were me, you would move back. I'd get that a lot of here before I couldn't get out. All right. Thanks, dude. Okay. Good luck. How do you like that? We did a great public service. How I feel it was worth coming in here today. Up until now, I felt like I was letting myself down. But now, I feel like this was a worthwhile effort on my part. Because I was able to do a pubic service for this poor guy who just came here from Columbus, Ohio. Where there's a lot of living and breathing people, by the way, that's a pretty decent town. Crapy weather, by the decent town. And this in which they'll have maybe a real hockey team next year. I doubt it, but maybe, especially with that hard ass coach for the bad haircut. I'm a fan here in the butt, Tommy. Here's the show. Stay here at Disney World's when the screening is sweet through the summer girls in the closet. No more. That's what day day is for. It's a day day after all. We're right. It's a day of fun, finally we're red shirts. And when we all come, you can hear the squirts. We can think goldenies with our manicured goaties in the gay. Day after all. We'll be holding hands in adventure, letting watch the live. The vanilla leaf marching band. We'll make a tourist treat with a kiss. On the cheek, it's a gay day after all. We can wear tight shorts, paint a gold mommage, and then wear mask out of like buildings. We can mince the way as we transcend such a shame. It's a gay day after all. Grrrg, yeah. We'll have a liberty ball hosted by a special and rude ball. They're leaving her with a key rock. Not few mentioned people like Fox, kids a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. Let me go hang you on the floor. 131 at 5.50 WQIM. Let's zip through about 40 or 50 of these calls. Next half hour. My kid a good one. Here's a mobile and pot north palm. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I don't sure what the road I'm telling you about this. On the back of the stick truck, here's the quotations of every mobile might seem in the Bible. Okay? Guess what the name of the truck in company was? Corny. Corny. Corny. What is it? Corny. Corny. Corny. C.O.R. and E.Y. Yeah. The whole back of the truck was nothing but Bible works. Okay, thank you. 5.60. 5.60. I'm crumbling from the pressure of this today. I'll tell you that. I'm crumbling. Here's Miami. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm not the beat in all ready dead horse, but I really think we should have the pay for view execution. And I think we should have done King running the whole thing and charge a lot of money for the tax base. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Yes, hello Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm on my phone. I'll definitely give for Bush. Go to have your life. Okay, let's go to a lady in Tamara. Hello. Yes, man. Neil. George might be a very nice fellow and he speaks very nicely on the air. Yes. But he gives his people that rave about him. He gives him too much air time. He has both the minds of the day tell him that he lets him keep talking. Yeah. And I, I mean, I approve of you. Okay. Thanks, Mom. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. You gave it to him at your time. Yeah, no. I'm going to just say, I don't know why you waste your time complaining about that. Miami, the road, the stuff like that because the way I look at it is, but then let them be foolish and let the go ahead and pass it. So it's browser residents can go and travel for free. Yeah. That's the point. I don't want to point. Never thought about that. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. We're not going to be shopping in date count anymore. What the week here. Yeah. You know something's here. I never, you are a breath of first year. We'll go to work for free and they'll pay for it every day. Right. Excellent. Just vote. Yes. All right. Here we go. Just say. Yeah. Any sales tax. That's right. When you live in this town long enough, you're supposed to be like everybody else. Be selfish into your own thing. And from a selfish standpoint, those of us live in Broward, we don't have to pay those. That's right. Screw it. Screw you. You live in date count. That'll teach you. Serves your right. Zip on that 112. Remember, remember they used to have both toll boosts and then they took the one going Westbound down. Used to be a dime each way. They took down the Westbound booth on 112. But it was just 25 cents coming back. So when you go out to the airport, now you can zip right on out there. I mean, you know, depending on what time of day. But when a traffic is light, you can just fly out there. Just can you imagine all these toll boosts coming down. Of course, is anybody that we think they're going to stay down? No, but nevertheless, 560, 050, 050, 050, 050 on the AT&T wireless line. I think that anybody who lives in date county because nobody's holding your gun to your head and forcing you to do it. You get what you deserve. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Calls are a little light today. I got an observation here for you. Yeah. I'm sure you've seen these bumper stickers on the back of cars where it says my child made the honor of Hollywood. And if you're in the country, you see one of those bumper stickers. The person's driving like an idiot. Yes. Well, you know, I really gave this a lot of thought. And I'm sorry. Just figured out, does that need if their kid is the brightest of the dumbest? Do you ever say what I'm saying? No. The school systems in Florida are the pits. And in turn, they're tested nationally by the Iowa test scores and other test scores. Yeah. And they rank very, very little. Oh, listen, no, no, no, don't do me spare. Let me just say this. The calls aren't that light. 5.670. 5.6 to the. Comp 5.6 to you on the 18th. Why? Or why? And if you haven't sparing a lot of time asking for self that question, please take me like my John would be good. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Man. Yes, sir. How you doing? Listen, I'll think about those first day when a Steven's came and the Coast Guard's worked out. I did this guys say the sea word, sorry you're gone. You've had it, pal. You've got both. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and camera, Kelo. Hello? Yes, man. Oh, okay. I just, how are you feeling today, Neil? How am I feeling today? Yeah, I'm really. Okay, because I don't know if this is going to work for you. I don't know if this is what you want, but if you could just lean back and close your eyes and think, think about some of the great places you've been to in the world. But I know you talk about Amsterdam. I know you liked Rajasthra. I think you did. And what about us? I don't know. Just, uh, don't know. What do you mean if it's going to work for me, huh? You might have to therapy now or you'll have to... Don't worry about that, Jeff. Because it won't worry about you. Wait about me once. Because you just, you just see very, very, very... I don't really say hustle. I don't know. I don't want to say that. No, I don't want to say that, but very, very, very, very, we'll relax. Which one? Up to height is that the word you're looking for? I'm sorry? Nady? I'm not the least bit up tight. I'm glad to hear that. I'm doing a radio show. I'm responding to what I'm getting. And if you're listening to the calls that are coming in, including this one, then you understand. I'm responding to them the way that I am. I don't need any therapy. What I need are some real people to talk to. I'm not talking about the execution before. Yeah. I don't think he was, you know, I don't think he was in talk. I mean, I understand that there were some things to question. It was a debate was needed. But I don't think he was... They would need it to, what did you do? What? The then was talking about the execution. And where the priorities are. I think I was on for a long time. Yeah, you were, but a lot of the time, you were cutting you off, and you were trying to think something to you. Yeah. So in other words, you were like, maybe you would like to come into my room to do the show, is that it? No, I just wanted, I honestly wanted to call up. I enjoy listening to you. I have gotten much more in the habit of listening to you. And I just really, maybe we could start thinking about something that are positive for a little bit. You know, I know that you love honestly. I am somebody who's lived in this area, this South Florida area for years and years and years and years. Obviously, if you're long, I would say much too long. Yeah, and I have not liked it. Oh. I have not liked it. I have my room. Oh, maybe you're the one that is therapy, not me. I'm doing it. I'm going to hear every chance I can. It saves my life, saves my brain. Sure, I am in it. I think you need a long rest, a long cooling out period would be good. Well, I just, you know, you love Toronto and talking about it. You love Amsterdam and talking about it. Yeah. And it's just, I don't know if there are any other places that have transjardable rich. So what does that mean? What are you saying? What are these words that are coming out of your modality? You've been on at least two or three minutes longer than you should be. But I'm not waiting. What is the point? Bye, bye, bye. We're talking a crazy person is what we're talking about. We're talking certifiable. She probably thinks she's going to roll up with your tonight. I think I'm going to have a good one. He's holding it down in the middle of the night. Oh, I'm going to have to say it. Oh, one last guess. Come on. Right again. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, she was the trace that call. Get the number. Get her some help. Get her the same. Maybe we can get a two for one deal with her and Angela Ray from Channel 4. Because she's definitely gone over the end. She's out of control. She's lost it. Ever ever seen her when she just goes spastic on that newscast when she starts doing her high-end routine? Crazy person. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, what was that woman talking about? Think about all of them in the middle of doing a radio show here to weed her. I'm not sitting here fantasizing about all the other places I would much rather be than here talking to you, honey. 20 till 2 at 5, 60. But you're not hostile, are you? No, not me. 4, 7, 0, 7, 0, 60. More fat, baby, you'll tell you to add that to shit. There was no farmer who's been down here. He's adding the middle just he's missing his dead son boys who were down by the crit. There being no water, there is on their marbles and playthings and a half past four. Their teamer, young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature. She's sad on the grass. She pulls up her dress and she shows them her rumbles and leases and white-flop deep done. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were showbilling, wrapped up send their from yesterday's hunt. While the girls in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the knot. He looked like a man with a side of all home in the country with a big face out front. If he has their phone like they she'll show him her nis soap that's all who was subject to spit. And maybe she's let him grab hold on her small tender and with the movement so quick. And then she'd then no verance, octaves can be so tasty made of butter sky. And then he's spread with cream all over her cup teeth that she had left out on her shell. Okay, 145 at 560 WQM 560 5050 5060, on the 18th, why don't we have a quarter hour to kill here? The butcher? We're going to a good job of it by the way. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil? Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Yeah. Even though I knew Andy for a short period of time, I knew him all enough to say that he knew how to live life large. He was the consummate sports fan. Right. He was a gentle soul and he was a best friend. And I hope that there's a heaven. Because I want to see you. Oh my God. 560 5050 5060, pound 560, on the 18th, why don't we have a slide? Oh boy, like I said, the good stuff came in and we're sitting here doing a radio show or at least pretending to you. All the good stuff came in today and these people, they got ahold of it. We'll get even tomorrow. Here's Carol City, hello. Hey, yes, yes, Beth, my name. Hey, how come you complain that you don't get any good calls? Everybody who calls you hang up on that? Yeah. Well, let's see what you got. Let's see what you got. What do you got man? What do you got? What do you got? Yeah. I don't know if you show, but I'm the same. You complain you don't get any good calls. Why don't you want to talk to the front? You don't have nothing to say. You just want to, like that's going to work. It worked? No. You're still sitting there listening to the dial tone. If somebody's got something to say, I'll listen if they want to go, but, but, but, like that, I can talk to Rimmer here that on the phone for free at home. 560, 050, 560, pound 560, on the 18th, why don't we slide? Here's a lady mobile and candle, hello. Hi, I'm your, how you doing? I'm doing great. I'm of a, you, you, uh, you watched come green, right? Yes, I do. Have you watched the real freaking world lately? No. I hate that show. Well, I don't know what is going on, but, I mean, they have a little more life than we do here in Miami. I guess, you know, they're not, we got, they got the drones, they got the, the two left the end, they got the, they got the, they got the Harbor guy. No, I don't like that show at all. You know? And there's new roadkill that they got on this group, they got a ditch, they got a drown. Yeah, what do you say all about? I mean, it, like you said, but let's give them the, the body of that lady and see what happens. So why not go with this lady with a dancer giving you a dance, you over the photo line? We could, a lot of me. I haven't got any idea. That's why I had a run in the park. I thought maybe finally we'd find where to help she was going. And this other guy tells me I hang up on people too soon. I had that woman on the long enough, having a whole, a whole therapy session. Well, when you don't have anything interesting to say, it's yourself. There you go. They can't tell you what to do. Have a great day, sweet night. Hi, darling. Bye, bye. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th, 11 slide. How come you be hanging up? How come you be doing it? How come you be doing it? How come you be doing it? How come you be doing it? How come you be doing it? Like that. Good call, pal. Excellent. Here's plantation, hello. Neil, how are you? OK, sir. Listen, I meant to, I wanted to mention about Angela Ray. I'm the reason I watched that program to see get the lottery numbers. Yeah. But at the end of the broadcast, like with five times, I think you know, you enjoy seeing that thing on her lip, though, you like that. Yeah, well, it's, uh, I think she ought to fertilize it a little. But, uh, it appears that she used to work in the circus. Because she can set midway story like back in the flash. Yeah. You really have to hear it to believe it. It sounds like she's working on the midway in the circus. She sends me out, tell you, she sends me right to the Apostle in bus. She's like chalk on the blackboard. Right. Very great. Like fingernails on the blackboard is what I think you might have met. But nevertheless, that was great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th, 11 slide. Here's Oakland Park, hello. How you doing, Neil? I'm doing great. I'm going to try not to contribute to the boredom and the dullness. Yeah. Just a couple things about the, uh, the execution situation there. It's definitely barbaric, you know. It's, it's also barbaric when they have little kids, uh, face slap. They're on the front page with their signs saying, why do we kill people that kill? What's the kid got to do with it? And, uh, you know, we can't keep these guys alive. We spend so much money keeping these guys alive. These are not, these are not. We're not arguing about that. I'm not getting in capital punishment. Okay. I'm all here. I'm all for frying their ass or at least, uh, you know, shoot him up with the people injection is fine. Shoot him up was something to be done with it. It's also going to be a good show. Yeah. How sadistic in barbaric, most Americans are now released here in Florida because just taking away somebody's life, that's not good enough. It has to be done in a very brutal and the sadistic way otherwise we don't feel associated. Uh, I'm out of material, take care of yourself. You know, we need you around here. I'm out of material. Oh, yeah. I'm sticking around another couple of days and I'm going back on vacation. I think I'm going back on vacation Monday for several weeks. Hey, why not? Why not? Nobody around here gives the craft. Gregory, he's up in Montana somewhere. Why not? We're running the hills. You're looking for that. Eeeeh. Whatever used to be in that hole and he said, they don't give a craft. Just get on the spots. They don't care. Ask ourselves the part of it. Did they give a craft? Oh, of course not. They haven't got a clue as long as we get all the spots on here. They, in fact, they wouldn't care if we just ran the spot. Did we had no show on? Just run the spot. That's the way ourselves department looks at it, including that screw-in and that rape area. Anybody seen him lately? No. No. What he looked like? No. Wasn't he going to be coming in every Tuesday? We're going to have a little chat. We've seen him. No. Only moved up here in March. Let's see. March, April, May, June, July. What is that? Two and a half years we've been up here on this third floor. See rape area? No. No. So I'm downstairs in a parking lot one day. Hello, I'm goodbye. You've been. Maybe you've come around once in a while. You know the answer, group ball. Check-ass. Seriously, I mean, if the people just want around here morning noon and I go, I'm just taking a paycheck like stealing. I guarantee you that what's your guy's name, Roy? What? The dolphin guy. Baker. Not Roy Foster. Roy Foster. Roy, a baker. They wanted to just sign up. Whatever his name is.