Sports Radio 560 WQAM My Ami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on yourself Oh, the opinions of Neil is guest coller's or anyone else on the show to not necessarily reflect those of WQAM and easily read acquisitions or the feasly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA have a new set of Neil Rogers. Not so think you've took the peasant. He kind of evapor ELF acting? He said that there's no clue certainly isinaudible to me. No? George in the thousands winning the night that he tried. Yeah. Okay. What's over, public and safe in an attempt to save his campaign? Here's that he's killed as a safe. And he was dead on play with no pain. George in the night when he did that and he tried. Okay. Then I wanted 5.50 WQA. Amand am I going to go nuts today? Yeah. Or what? I might do the whole show on. Should I do the show on Al Sunshine to the sales department here? Maybe he'll do half and half. Two hours on that asshole on that fat piece of third. Here is absolute pure 100% turd on two fat legs, Al Sunshine. Or our sales department who by the way are uninvolved with anything. Don't confuse them with the facts. And I'm glad you told me by the way, I've already clarified that for me. That their job is only to write business and not to us. Yeah, which I should know that a long time ago. Okay. After the first week on this station. Service don't confuse it like I said before. Just give us the Ok and money. Okay. We don't care about it. We can't be bothered with copy with service with whether people are open for business or not. Nice going John penis. I'm looking at my log. No not that one. I'm looking at my blog. And I see we have a spot for Pompital Park today. So I'm looking there. You know, because I looked in the papers this morning. The Harold says, you know, racing is going on. I look in the Sun Sentinel. I don't see any entries for tonight. Which of course fat rich will be psychotic about that. So I look in the Sun Sentinel. My Sun Sentinel, when you do something right, which is, this is, I think, the third time this century. I'll give you credit for it. And here's the thing by Dave Russo staff writer, Schedules are almost back to normal. And it says, Carter, a race course, or resume day in I. Samuel casting, live racing, what resume until Thursday. And then it says, Pompital Hardest Track was idle Tuesday and closed today. Samuel casting resumes Thursday, live racing on Friday. Now not only would have I've gotten the information wrong in the spot that they're paying for by the way. But I also probably would have gotten in my car and got up there tonight. And to find the place dark, finster, schwarz, empty, vacant, because John penis can't be bothered to service this account. Just like, and then come to find out the reason our salespeople weren't giving us any information yesterday as to openings and closings and anything I have to do with our cuts. Is they weren't here? Todd Dreck was out there interfering with traffic in the hallway for about three minutes. But other than that was our sales department president accounted for yesterday. No. But you know something, you people in the media, I gave you a lot of credit for, and I don't take any of that back for what you did on Monday. I think generally speaking they did a fine job, but it's like anything else. It's like those two or three days a year when we have a really great show here on this station. And instead of at the end of four hours saying, okay, this was great. We're going home with a smile on our face. We feel we, you know, it's that it that's it. Okay, let's, things are going so good. Let's the on for 24 hours. And that's the same thing with you idiots in the media. You just don't know when to quit. And the more time you've got the more you screw it up, especially if there's nothing going on. First of all, Mayor penis, thank God we got an expert. He's an expert on traffic. He's an expert on tolls. He's an expert on weather. He's an expert on arenas and stadiums. He's an expert on grant. He's an expert on putting a monkey on a shoulder one. Medietta. He's an expert on having a student behind him. Merit's deer home. You notice that the three of them are inseparable through this whole thing. Everywhere there's mayor penis. You see one Medietta on one shoulder and merits deer high on the other. That's a heavy load to carry around. Especially with that pet putt whacker. Merit's deer on. Comes on there yesterday morning like I told you 10 30. And he's all this straw. He's all bent out of shape because the public isn't taking us very seriously. And see, at that point, I went nuts with him because we know what an asshole he is. He was disappointed because here was a chance to grandson just like some of our friends at a media. Oh, we got something good. We got the public behind the balls now. We're going to hang out squeeze as long as we can. And by 10 30 11 o'clock yesterday morning it was very clear. See, I got sucked in. I want to apologize for a lot of things including those surfers out there. The reason that they were going out there in the number one is because channel 10 was promoting it for rociously. Here is this. Here's this dinosaur. This silly goose, the white lottery. And you know something I feel bad for Don. No. Because he is the faraway the best media rologist. He does a great job. Nice going Don. No. And he's doing his great job. And then the meantime they go back to the non-existent bunch of silly people. They don't have it. You can't complain about their news department and then they don't have one. I don't care if they're number one if they're number one half. They don't have any news people over there. They're a bunch of clowns. They make the people a channel 7 look respectable. They're so really. At least channel 7. I give you a free show, you know. But here's why lottery I'll go and oh, but it's dangerous out there. It's dangerous in that cross side bitch. Well, that can't. I can never think of what our name is because I'll never watch channel 10 again. Anyway, till the next storm. But they're going on in there promoting this. And of course every time that they would promote it, which is about every 10 to 50 minutes. More people will show up out there at Hall of Orbeach. And they showed the one cop car that was sitting there. And the poor cop was going to do it. Yeah. What are you going to do, you know, arrest all these people. Or you can't do nothing. And so more and more people are showing up and they're having a party and they're having a good time. I guess those people by that point, it realized that what a lot of other assholes including the mayor and the emergency people in Dayton, Broward. Oh, it's just unbelievable. As late as six to eight o'clock last night, and maybe we'll get some spy reports that they from people in the audience, people are having to go through roadblocks. They still had people in the shelters. They didn't sit in the home until last night. I left here yesterday the sun was shining. The sun was shining. There was never a drop of rain. After I left here yesterday, there was never any big wind gust, a big blow of any kind whatsoever. Was there any chance that there was going to be something really nasty happening? Yesterday afternoon or last night here? No. No. All you had to do was look at any one of the TV channels on there. Anyone of the 500 people I've already had to look at the guy named Weathermap. And you said, hey, guess what? We like I said yesterday morning we dodged the bullet. Okay, it was over. Finito. And it were making people. And guess what? By the way, we luck out again today. No tools on the turn plan again this morning. Why? Because they didn't send anybody back to work yet. And they have to have live people. There in case the toll boost malfunction in the arms don't, you know, that routine that goes on. So instead of that, this is the same state where they're always crying poor mouth. We don't have enough money. Especially for the highways. We just went through that thing in date County, you know, with Mayor Penis, who's the traffic expert and the weather expert. And the bull hit expert. And no tools again. How many thousands of dollars do you think they're losing and tools the last day? Yesterday I understand that yesterday is perfectly understandable. No tools. Does it make any sense today? No. Absolutely not. How come if the kids can all go back to school? How come if the postal letter carriers can deliver mail again today? How come we can't get the a tool workers back out there again today to collect all that revenue for the state? Not that I'm bitching you understand about saving a buck today. Woo! That might be a god. Between that and top of the parking close tonight. Look at all the money I'm going to save. I'm going to have enough to buy another dinner for somebody someday for some free loader. But Alson, shine. Stand by sweetheart with your big fat ham hocks. You piece of smelly turt on legs you. Your performance. I realize you're desperate over there a channel for a desperate will be an understatement. And of course Brian really. I mean his whole claim the fame was Hurricane Andrew. And at movie they did the whole saw in the fact that he had to hand grab his phone number. And by the way, Dan, rather you're also we're embarrassing last night. Like 20 minutes on a CBS evening news of Dan rather standing in a trench coat and Savannah Georgia. Or guess what there was some light rain falling. Just hysterical people. Crazy people on a thought boy, this is good news. There must be nothing else going on in the world real bad. I know you're desperate over there a channel for but Alson, shine. Yes today you showed your big fat pimply ass to the world. I'm surprised they didn't pull a you know like the response time. At least time green is hysterically funny. You know. And the kick is as out goes to these crazy places and they say. I'm a hell of a girl. That's what they should have said to Alson, shine yesterday. And he's busy lecturing all these people lecturing. I'll give you a lecture okay. Hit the road Al. You suck. You blow. You're a piece of garbage. You blow a thousand times worse than a hurricane. Ten minutes past ten and five sixty two a. You're a success and you talk badly. You know we just I don't want to waste our pick and I need by especially my insurance company. We stay treat me very well and I love them. Okay. But we just ran a spot make a pinch me if I'm sleeping. Okay if I'm dreaming. That we just ran a spot saying that hurricane Floyd might still affect us. And the sky might still be falling and it's said to run so on. But we just run a spot that said that. Oh, okay. I thought maybe I just dreamed that. Maybe that I was hallucinating. So I better change the subject. You go back to Alson, shine right away. Because otherwise I'll do like the next 20 minutes on what I just heard. See this is what happens. People want to exploit your misery and suffering. Even though we didn't really have any misery and suffering. There was a lot of inconvenience and let me say it like I said yesterday. This thing was too big and too awesome and too dangerous just to ignore it. So I'm not knocking anybody if they made reasonable precautions. If you went overboard you behave like an asshole. Well then I do not just like I did before then you were an asshole. But that ended as of yesterday morning when I got up at five thirty in a morning and I looked on there and she. And I looked on there and she ran out here. This big cold front out of Canada. Like they've been hoping and predicting and praying. It took a whole other thing and the direction moved to the northwest and almost to the north. And there it went. And certainly by the time I came on here yesterday morning at 10 o'clock. We had every reason to believe that maybe we get a little rain and a little wind. And that was the end of us for day and a. And I was on here yesterday asking about places being open and people were acting like. You must be crazy Mr. Places that are open. There's a hurricane warning out there man and I'm going to tell you right now if I were in retail. If I had a restaurant if I were retail of any kind of had a supermarket. I had been open yesterday and I'd have been on air. We got damn radio and TV station. I would have bought spots. I would have gotten three bees. I would have had Jeff Cohen running a goddamn thing up in the sky. They're on a plane and saying hey guess what we're open today. Everybody else is closed but we're open and we're doing a thriving business. Come on by. And we already jacked the prices up 50%. Oh you must be crazy Mr. There's a hurricane warning. Even though the sun was shining. And even though the eye was by eight o'clock yesterday morning the eye of the storm. I have it right on the front page of the Sun Sentinel. The eye of the storm was north of Lake Okeechobee. Now what's the weakest part of any hurricane the southwestern quadrant? What was the part that was closest to us at any time was the southwestern quadrant? Do tornadoes get spawned out of the southwestern quadrant? No they didn't magnificent job of educating about all us all about that on Monday. And those big bands, the feeder bands they kept talking about. They were coming off the northwestern quadrant and they were going across the state. And some assholes that ran over to Tampa by the way. Hey! I kind of feel full of flight now Bill. Hey! Oh that's a wrong thing. That's good though. That worked out great. Because he is cool as Igor. That was outstanding. I loved it. Yeah. Yeah, they ran over to Tampa. Guess what? They had a bunch of wind and rain and crap because one of the bands from the northwestern quadrant of the storm. It went over to the Gulf and across Tampa and Clearwater and over there for those red next over there. I don't want to mention Igor on here and what a puffy is that he called. Halled to answer one over to Tampa to stay to see if we didn't get anything here by the way Igor. And by the way the food from there said he's all gone. How do you like that? Now it was really good too from our buddy Brad over at Tony's. There was a smart guy. He stayed open for business yesterday. I drive back toward home. There's the amicostation there on sunrise by Flamingo. And how come you people didn't tell me about that? You did a really piss-for job by the way yesterday of alerting us to people that had enough brains to be open for the public's convenience? Amicostation not open for gas. They had all the pumps, you know, closed off and big sign in a window. Close for gas open for food. The food market was open. Then we're watching later in the day and here the thing comes on a screen reminding me that albatans is open all day yesterday. Get into car. We go over to albatans. The library shop at albatans. No, it is one on Oakland by an obthil right there. Just fine. Got a whole bunch of crap. Spend about 40 bucks in there that I wouldn't have spent otherwise. And there were plenty of people in there shopping. Probably many of whom don't know our nearly shopping at store. So anyway, here comes yesterday about 3.00 a.m. And I'm doing my channel surfing and I'm flipping all around. And the sun is shining. There's not a cloud in the sky. There's not a drop of rain. There's a little breeze, believe me. That should be our worst problem any day in the summertime. We get much worse rain, much worse winds, all kinds of problems. Lims are down. Believe me. It was a fine day just like today so far. It's a beautiful day. And there are about 3.00 a.m. here on my channel surfing and I come across channel 4. And here is this asshole. This major screaming oozing asshole, else sunshine. And you know this by the way, his big, you know, he's supposed to be the big consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. And he's supposed to be the biggest consumer advocate. Probably getting their ass sued all over the place. So he just gives you a bunch of glittering generalities. Well, we went to this place, they screwed us. But he don't bother telling us what place it was. So you're useless to begin with, okay? But anyway, here's our sunshine. And I'm going to tell you something I've never ever been so nauseated with a local media in my life. As I was at this thing. It wasn't bad enough that we had Dwight for a lottery a lottery yesterday. Telling everybody, every five minutes showing these clips of the kids over there to guide them all over beach. Don't go there, don't go. It's like they should have flashed the sign. Go have a good time at Hall over the waves of great kids. Take your surfboard. That wasn't bad enough. But here's our sunshine going to some market. I wish I would have written down the name of the market and then the restaurant. That's not important. And here's the manager of this market. He's got outside. He's got him cornered. And by the way, look to me like you were working yesterday outside. And now you ask, you fat tub of crap. Who should only croak a wicked death? You make me nauseous. You make me look sick. You make me embarrassed to be in any way associated with a media in this town. And he's interrogating this guy. He's grilling this guy. He's doing everything in this power to make this man feel like Hitler on a bad day. Because I actually had the hoods, but open up his store, his business. For people who wanted to go and buy food, you know, I hate to break the news here. But many of us didn't want to go to the 84 on Monday and fight all the crowds, the crazy people in public and every place else. There were busy buying there 85 gallons of water. I hope there's suck at water up to their armpits today. Those people are wet nuts. Only by the way, an Albert can guess that I'm sure to see the shelves. Bread almost not exist enough that I eat bread, by the way, because you love bread, but I can't eat it. But I mean, lots of parts of the store were like the hurricane had gone through there, just empty, big empty spaces, but anyway. So he's interrogating this guy and he's given him a song and a dance like, don't you feel guilty? Don't you feel responsible for your employees? And what about people who haven't had a chance to go home and secure first of all? This is three in the afternoon. Okay, that's number one. Number two, the guy says, it's voluntary. Anybody who's working today, voluntary to work. They'd like to come in and make the money. And you know something, didn't phase out in the least, but he kept right on going with his interrogation. And I do mean interrogation even even even flee Bailey, even Clarence Darrell. Nobody in the history of jurisprudence has ever crossed exam and anybody has ever grilled somebody like the way he was carrying on like this man. Had just murdered 20 people in cold blood right there in his store. And don't you feel guilty? You know, don't you feel that you're jeopardizing people's life? And at the same time, you look out the window, the sun is shining. The wind isn't blowing. It isn't raining. You look on our TV and are showing enough of this going on. Nothing has got to go on. Then he goes to some restaurant over there. I'm lost soulless. This wasn't enough that he had to try to embarrass and dehumanize this guy. And believe me, this piece went on for minutes. It was a long piece. As in a piece of absurd, which is what you are, Al Sunshine. You jackass. So you, the channel for I understand that what they suck wind and the ratings all the time is because they got a bunch of irresponsible people on there like Elliot Rodriguez that was doing as Cuban cheerleading thing when they had to guide them. You know, the refugees try to get up on assure that they and he was cross examining the coast guard and giving them a primer on how they should be doing their job instead of reporting the news. And now we got this guy yesterday running around town, giving everybody a lecture at how he was responsibly. And they don't say field guilty. And how dare they? And aren't you about your axiom order was for being open today? Even though, of course, one of the TV stations, almost famous for doing every time there's a bad storm, a hurricane or tornado is taking their people standing them out there in the middle of the storm with their microphone in their hand. And all kinds of guy damn equip them in the cameras and wires around. And watching these poor bastards in the middle of a torrential storm with their rubber rain coats and their trench coats on nearly getting blown away. Aren't they working when they're doing these things in the middle of a storm? But that's not irresponsible. They're doing a big public service. So then he goes to this little restaurant on La Solos and he's doing the same thing. Don't you people feel guilty? No, no, we're done. In fact, the place was crowded. It was mom. People actually want to come out. They still have to eat. Can't hear you for some reason you're marking on somebody. Somebody pops you with it. No, somebody pops you with the cell guilty. And then they didn't feel guilty either. They felt full. They felt because they didn't public. That's what the one person said. I feel because I didn't public. I feel like I have it a meal over here. And like I said, on this show yesterday, before I realized about that nothing was going on at all. Because I'm in this little room here where you even have a goddamn window. Like I said, why shouldn't if somebody's a smart business man, be open? There was no emergency going on here yesterday in Dayton, Broward County. None. Zero. Zippity. Frick and doda. And you've got the hooks but to be running around else. I'm trying to give people a lecture. Somebody should have beat the crap out of you. I would have, oh man, I would have paid a lot of money to see that. I would have paid 500 bucks to see somebody just punch his lights out. And say, who the F-R-U-Man? Get there. Go back and do your silly goddamn TV show and stop telling us how to do our business. And how come, by the way, Al Sunshine didn't run over to Albertans? Which happens to be a major chain and maybe they spend a lot of money on channel for, huh? Maybe that might be part of it. How come he didn't run over there and give them a grilling and a cross examination about how come they had the hooks, and they audacity to be open yesterday? And you know something? I didn't see anybody in that store either customers or employees who I had the feeling had been dragged in there with a sky hook. I didn't see any of the customers with their hands up in here like it was a stick up, and I didn't see any of the employees carrying on like, Oh gee, what was me? I'd rather be home checking out the storm shutters and I'm so upset to be here. Because anybody who was working, it was voluntary, which is the reason by the way, nobody was working this to anyone yesterday, except those of us on a year. That's why those are voluntary? That's why none of our sales, no, not for us. That's why none of our sales people bothered showing up yesterday, because they didn't care about service in their accounts in the middle of the emergency. It was much too easy to stay home and screw off. And that's why when I left here at two o'clock yesterday, I go to the parking lot and look like holiday. Yeah, look like a major holiday. Look like God, they're neither civil with service or a Christmas day, one of the other. Parking lot was basically empty. Why? Because was there anything going on? No. No. You people, like I said, you took a great job on Monday, and yesterday, because you wouldn't give it up soon enough, you turned it into a disaster. You made fools out of yourselves, most of you. You made assholes out of yourselves. Brian or cross, he's got to, he's got to path of this thing. Unlike everybody else, that's he's that big cold front keeps moving down from Canada and pushing this thing off to the northeast, actually. Other than, yeah, then go, Brian, everybody else can see it. But he's got to think like this big, wide yellow swath. I wouldn't be surprised if this thing goes up through Chicago and right through Lake Michigan before it's over-coyden, but whether it's very, you're a crazy person, man. You're a crazy person. 1026 at 5.60 QM. Next day, hey, Hoover, out the moon, mine, come on. Okay, wait till you hear this, 105.9, play the continuous pink floor until the storm pass, yesterday. How do you like that? Are we impressed by that? No. And even worse than that, I had a fact yesterday from somebody which I've read it on a year, and I only do embarrassed the people it whaffin'. But I really wasn't positive that it was accurate until I got in the car in a way home. And I punched over to 1700 on my dial, which my radio is one of the 10 that picks it up in the car. And sure enough, they were playing no-o radio starting 8 o'clock Monday night, all through yesterday. But when was the time, nature? 25 miles an hour. It sounded like ship to shore. No-o, whether radio. It was like putting short wave from the moon on the air. Nice going, very jackass. I hope you and all your cronies over there are really proud of the great public service day. And yesterday, I'm 1700. This is going to be our big. And this is what Greg Reed is worried about. To show you what a great broadcaster he is. They're busy finding lawsuits against them. Instead of taking care of real business here, he's worried about a phantom radio station. It's not even a Mickey Mouse radio station. Even the people over there at Nova and Piper High laugh when anybody would mention the fan. 1790 on your dial, whatever the hell is, 1900 on the dial. Plan, no-o weather radio. That's their great public service. Do they even have anybody live? Like a living and breeding person? No. Nice going guys. We're really, we're just terrified. Just peeing in our pants. Greg is the only one peeing in his pants about them. And that's because he realizes that this whole thing is built on his tremendous knowledge of the business. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Hey, hey, John. Yes, sir. We ought to call him Al Sticker or the Sun Don't Shine. Yeah. Anyway, I'm in Palm Beach. How are you guys doing up there by the way? I heard yesterday afternoon that you were going to take a big hit. Yeah, I got a big hit. That's what I heard. Anyway, that's beautiful up here. I've seen a sneeze part of it that I did yesterday. Right. And others say in the watching of the news, I've had bowel movements that were far more explosive than anything we got out of the storm here. I'll tell you, it's just nice up here. It's cool. It's a little cloudy, a little breathing. It's about it. They're telling us, oh, what's Palm in the air blown off the map that I've been running right in here. You know, like, I sat outside in the driveway all day as beautiful. Did it even rain? Yeah, just little sprinkles. Not even a hard range. Just little sprinkles like every 15 or 20 minutes. I don't think it brought our county at least not after two yesterday. Since two yesterday afternoon, we have an at one drop of rain. I haven't had a drop up here either. This morning and it's got the garage open. Beautiful. Okay, pal. Okay, no. Get out of the bed. See, yeah. In fact, I'll let that classes do. I bet you're Brian and Bill Kamala are probably hanging out together in there right now. Five, six. And let me say it again, because I know people will miss quote me and they love to do that. Which, who gives a crap, you know, but I just want to make it clear myself. Because I have the media all accredited in the world for what I thought was a pretty damn good job. They've done them Monday. The people at the hurricane center, their forecasting was spectacular. Nice job, et cetera. And so on, even though there's a little luck involved as well. Thank goodness. But as of yesterday morning from that point forward, it was a major, major disgrace by the majority of the people in the local media and embarrassment, a humiliation and also by the powers that be. Just like this thing out here on the turnpike today. I mean, it's bad enough that all this crap went on yesterday. Long after, obviously, the horse was out of the barn and there were no more threats to us of any consequence. Five o'clock yesterday afternoon, they lifted the hurricane warning for Dayton, Rao. You should have seen the four, Lauren looks on somebody's people's posts. Four, thirty yesterday afternoon, the local channels finally started throwing in a towel. Oh, well, I guess we have to go back to regular network programming tonight and we're curious that that work news or who would you. You could tell that they were crestballing. You see, because I want you to understand that in spite of the fact that they'll deny it to you, what grades you managed to arrange there. They don't want these things to pass us by as long as it doesn't blow their house away. They're in their house away. They hope that we have devastating damage because that's how they make their money. Exploding your misery and suffering. That's how they make their money. That's what it's all about. That's how they get their big ratings. Let me say it again. Al Sunshine, you, I think that that performance by you yesterday. I wish I had it on tape. That was the low point in the history of local and I used the word very loosely and inversingly journalism. That was Swill. That was Garbage. That was like taking 10 pounds of Kalmanaur and smear it onto the screen. A very television set in South Florida that can pick up your Pupid signal there on channel 4. Just tragic interrogating these poor people because they had the host but a provider service for the public. While there was absolutely no threat, no danger, no nothing going on. A child could have told you that. Just look at the guy damn thing on a map. That's all. Just open up your eyes and take a look at the thing on a guy damn weather map. And he's out there interrogating and cross examining and grilling and just trying to debase these people and the humanism like scumbags. How dare you? Don't you understand? There's a hurricane warning here. What are you? Some kind of a Nazi, a Nazi, a pincoscimpathizer? Are you, oh, my decome? Whatever he's doing. Just every name in the world. He's con of. I'll say it again. If somebody would have broke his legs right there, I would have got up and cheered for an hour. I would have been moist. If they would have just taken a baseball bat and broken his legs and said, get the hell out of here. You jackass, you silly person, you. Go away from your ham hocks at somebody else. Here's Pembroke pine, silo. Hi, how you doing? I agree with you completely. And you know what I'll say to it? They run a beach. Do you see that one? Where some poor guy was in a water? They were interrogating them. They actually, you know, they told the guy on the beach. They said, hey, why don't you go ask him why he's on the beach? Why? He had a lot of cuts by. He started looking at his face. He was scared to death. He said, she's not my job, you know. Excuse me. See how they're later. You go ask him. And I sent him an email to that. Tell him. Hey, you know, in other media, he's part of the police department. And he said, they've gained, answered me. He said, well, a game? Yeah, they've gained. Yeah, I don't know who he is. He's about a 700 palm guy. They used to be on camera with me. Not enough people had wise men. That's right. That's right. You wrote back and he said, yeah, if your kid would be different and all this stuff. I wrote him another letter saying, hey, you know, think how it would be if it was just you there with the guy. And you went up to him and said something. He, he, he, he, he, he would have been in there. They were the thought it was a beast whale. They didn't want to was the person. They got, they got, they got a bunch of them out. They paid your own business. Yeah. You know, but then the last letter, that one they just said, I'll thank you for your comment. Yeah, they don't give a crap. They're desperate. They're so desperate a channel for that. It's embarrassing. I know. I know. I saw that thing. I had a needle or a ray on the go. I'm doing that yesterday. You know, our restaurant was, it was mangoes. Right. Well, it was in four-later day on the apple. That's right. I know. That was nice. Two by the way. It was shameful the way they were. They were harassing the park. Yeah. They're seeing everything. Everyone's there. You're having a good time. There's not a cloud in the sky. There's nothing on the horizon. There we can do. Everybody's having a good time. How dare you? I'm with you. All right. They say, they found a bike. They're like I said, he's out there. It looked to me like he's working jeopardizing somebody. Oh, yeah, but he's working as a public service. Anybody believe that? No. You know, you know, something that if I was him, I would just, I would call in my retirement today. I wouldn't even go in. I would just call it in saying, you know, I'm so embarrassed and humiliated that I just won't see me no more. Al sunshine, my ass. You're not sunshine. You're a big, dark black, fintur spot on the face of the media. You're a blight. You're an insult. That during a time when people are stressed out a little bit, that you're running around trying to lay guilt trips on people because they're trying to make a few bucks. Golly a guilt trip on some of the people who ripped their some of the rip off artists that jacked the prices up on pie with another crap. Go do that routine, which you got plenty of experience doing. And then we'll applaud you. Silly, silly person you, you are out sunshine. You're the epitome of what the local media hears all about. The local media with a Y. That's why all this is a place in television where all the old washed up has been Ike, Seaman, me, Shell, Gillan, all the people that the, the, the, the, the, the garbage that the net were still on around anymore. They shovel them by off down here. Not to mention Jackie Nesbroh. Another very silly person. 21 before 11 and 5, 60 WQAM, you know. You're in a squire some pot. Cartet is on the rocks. In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The car won't protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben Chan. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got into protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My name is Itism Tech Great. There have been a lot of car tests. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. It'll wear from the car, mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better as night. Call now, 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this. He'd've worked from the car, mother fucker. You know, I was hoping that maybe yesterday when they were doing the grilling. When he was just trying to decimate this poor guy to manage or the store. That maybe the assistant manager would've come out. And would've been a big black guy with a baseball bat. Would've broken both of Al's kneecap. I would've been great. Like, get away from the store, mother, scratcher. Here you go, Al. Here's another one for you. You fat, tubular, you jackass, you simple than you, you imbosil. See, because that's the one thing, if nothing else, the media are today, and that is inclusive. Sticking their nose into places where it has no business being. Giving people luck to your own things that they know nothing about. That's what the media really does great. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Good morning. I'm just curious. Is that Al Sunshine thing? What I saw on TV yesterday, where he was at a restaurant, asking people why they were serving. I didn't know that was Al Sunshine. That was him. I couldn't believe that. That was that fat tub of larva, the chicken, absolutely. He was waving everywhere. Telling us how much holy we're in better years than everybody else. And giving these people a grilling, I guess you saw it. And they try to make them feel guilty, like how dare you be open today. I didn't realize that was him, but I was looking at it. I just said, how can somebody be there, pestering these people? Right. There is no hurricane. I knew Monday because I have a friend who actually works. Or the hurricane center. They were really, really telling people not people on TV. But they were really worried about Coco Beach on up to the Caroline. They did a perfect place on the cold spot. How fast it was coming? And I was slow the hurricane was moving that it was not going to hit. Where it hit here. I mean, where it was supposed to hit here. They didn't want to take a chance on letting that out because then if they turned out that their calculations were a little bit off, they could have been mashed up in the patient. They would have taken the blame for it. So I guess better to be safe than sorry. And I don't disagree with that. I have no problem with that. I can't do it after 10 or 11 o'clock yesterday morning. Anybody including the mayor that was hyperventilating. And it was so disappointed that people were getting psychotic enough. There was nothing to be psychotic about. What brings up my next point? I don't understand this guy being on TV trying to give out the weather. And he looks so disappointed when he realized that everybody knew this thing was not going to hit us. He was almost going to start crying because he was pleading with people. Yeah. I know you should not do this yet. You should not do that. How could they keep people in shelters until 6 and 7 and 8 o'clock last night? What was the rationale for that? Because he's trying to prove that he's a great mayor. And what I look at him, I see, he looks like a 25 year old kid. I can't even call him a mayor. When I look at him, I feel like calling him Alex. He looks like a little boy. I don't understand how this guy is the mayor of Miami. I think Alex Pipey is more pipey than Alex Pipey. Then Alex Pipey is because he's the right, like a little kid, like a pre-pubescent of penis. Last thing, should everybody take back their water batteries and flylers should we wait for and go? Don't forget, by the way, be sure in Pianat water before you take a fast. Can't a great day, pal. Okay. That'll learn them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Where I was lying, forgot several lines. Open here again today. Can't believe that. Can't believe my eyes. On the heels of everything that we just went through here last 48 hours. And it can't still got there, tongue. Let's put on the Noah weather radio. How? With that on and serve these bastards right. See, I'm not one of those people at the least. That every time there's a cloud in the sky, use that as an excuse to screw off. Just like a lot of people in this place that, you know, all I was going to be really band-yested at the side of the, you know, hang out someplace. People who even when they're here aren't doing much to be honest with you, like our sales department. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I wish channel surfing yesterday and I heard the Noah weather and I just had the facts that to you. Um, um, I'm glad you did because I never would have turned it on otherwise. And I'm, I still can't believe that that was their idea of being on the air. They might as well, that's your big, that's your big competition. That's a big competition at Greg Reed is so paranoid and psychotic about that. He's taken him to court and suing him because he realizes he knows nothing about the broadcast. But anyway, and that's a horrible background noise on that station also. Yeah. But um, the returns have already started. I was getting some stuff from public. And I was heading out to work it to get a sandwich for lunch today. And what's long, almost as long as the checkout lines is the return line. People bringing back water, people bringing back batteries and all that crap. Sure. It's, it's unacceptable. Any, in addition, which here's the other one that's right on the heels. Here's Hurricane Gurd out there and they're saying there's another 456 that we're going to get by in the middle of November when Hurricane season ends. Why, why would anybody want to take crap back? Well, I was smart like Fredo since the beginning of the year. I keep like my soda bottles and my, you know, my milk jugs. And I just filled those puppies up. Yeah, do like Brittany keep your jugs full right. Exactly. Okay. I've got to have to know and try to keep them getting blown away. Okay. Okay. 567 on speaking of Britney Spears in a back street boys. By the way, so the concert to reschedule for December 5 and 6 here in South Florida, the macarina. Have I seen any of those tickets? No. I'm assuming. Or by the way, the guy to call me yesterday was absolutely wrong. Thanks for your voice video. They viewed as number one on TRL yesterday. The new video and it was great. I didn't see anything wrong. Whether it was different, but I thought it was great. They viewed it number one that I mentioned. And speaking of MTV, they suck. I hate MTV. I've gone, you know, I finally outgrown that two or three month period that they had on there where they had some real attractive flesh on there for everybody for two or three months. And then they kind of dropped that. They didn't even show you the whole video on TRL. They keep it erupting. It would've stood. Hi. This is Jackie and the getter off of the right in the middle of the day. And then they potted down and they faded out. They waste all of this time with crap. And then they finally get in the router showing their lousy 10 videos, which takes them an hour and a half to do by the way. So they can get all those spots in there for pimple cream and condoms or whatever they do. And then they fade the goddamn thing out. Nice going. You jackasses and TV blows. Except for Tom Green MTV's in a Bosch. Let's put him on a real channel. Like channel 4. Let's take away our sunshine and put Tom Green on there instead. Right in the run and give him people a bunch of crap who are ripping off the public. He'll let him have it. And he doesn't care if they come after him with a hammer. He's used to it. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Pretty good. I got a couple things. This guy who was surfing. Can't can barely hear you. The guys that were surfing yesterday. Yeah. I mean, they weighed all year. You can't even get any ways. That he's just surf. And most people would surf or fairly decent swimmer. So, you know, I really like a broadcasting. Don't go surfing. But there's the show and pictures are like great waves. And they're not only doing it, but they're doing it on channel 10 like every 5-10-15 minutes. They kept showing in here. Do I go, oh, what was me? Well, we're going to drown. And I'm getting sucked into it because I don't know what's going on outside. I leave here at 2 o'clock in our realize. There's no threat to anybody out there. Life is going on. Even when you surf, you're on a board. You're not going to get sucked in by a rip-type. You can just ride the board right in. I mean, anyway, and the other thing is, don't these people in the broadcasting know like the pull spots when, you know, like, you just put FPL. Right. I mean, and I got a suburb. How about the one we played for a state farm where they said that they were not in the woods yet. And Hurricane Floyd might still give us a number. Channel 7 this morning has a fake, a fake, a fake, a fake. A fake FPL spot with some bitch in some recovery hotness center that though, oh, here's what we're doing right now. I mean, does anyone in any station, though, that even like when an airline crash is the only FPL spot that ran the last two days that made any sense was, it's made again. Honestly, when you're done, that's the only one. When an airline crash is, don't they pull those spots? Yeah. I mean, it's a lot of mystery. I got news to you. There is no FPL training over here. There's a former, and I'm not a disgruntled employee. Yeah. If there are a story of its here, we're all screwed. I got news from serious. I believe you. And I challenge anybody from FPL to call them to the big death facts. They won't. Yeah, but we like their money, baby. Well, you know what they say, what FPL means. Okay, have a great day. Okay. 567. I know the PL part. 567. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. What was lunch? See, people in this audience, they had most of them still think it's a joke that I'm just kidding. We're a whole outfit. We're a whole operation. All we want is the money. We don't care about servicing the account. We don't care if the copy is curative. It makes any sense. If anybody understands it, just give us the F and money. We got to pay John Henry and Wayne all of that money. So Greg can feed his fortune go and run around to put another notch in his belt. You know what I'm talking about? I want to give you a notch. From what I hear, he's got a lot of notches in his belt, but most of them have nothing to do with radio. That's what I hear around this place. Anybody want to see those naked pictures? 1055 at 560 WQA ever. I'll be embarrassed, yeah, we're embarrassed. But the reason. Well, where are we? Can that swing? Keep me. That bitch's on a go-loo whiskey. I got you rich, but it's falling too far. Probably what she was doing when she played her part. Well she banged her head on the steering wheel. Not the usual way we feel. Sign off your roadside straight ahead. Grab stop with the air she would soon be fed. Give it some gas and swear to the right. And aim for the fast-boony flight. She lost control. The party flew and landed next to the fly. Who was always? Well, portal Monica Lu whiskey. Mr. Todd could see with some brief. But she's in luck. I could be a mistake. From now it's not getting too cheesy. I'll reach. 11-1-560 WQA. I got that over to the staff. I don't want to issue a mistake too. By the way, her cool and hotline six to eight tonight. Kimbo Boe camp for 890 and 30 and a Marlins will try to lose another one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. There is no such thing as Canadian bacon that they do eat regular bacon in Canada and they're not all a bunch of fools. Yeah. I love them. I saw the thing with Al-Funch on at 430 in the afternoon saying that the hurricane you know that they should be ashamed of themselves at that restaurant and just like you like what you should get, you know, just a bad across the knees or something like that. They should have broken his legs. Somebody should come out from inside either the restaurant man goes or that market whatever what and just broken his legs and said, just drag this silly ass out of here and go mind your own business. You're thinking, I mean, the matter there. I want to tell you this. I, as stupid as people are, I doubt that there's one person in this town who was impressed by this by the charade that he put on, who agreed with the fact that he had any business being there in the first place. There could have been one person who thought that he had any business doing this. Now he asked this one guy who was sitting there getting food. I mean, this real big heavy set guy. Don't you know, there's a hurricane coming and the guy just looked at that. Yeah, right. Right. Yeah. And I obviously couldn't afford to miss that meal. That's right. But the manager showed some great restraint. I'm going to give him that credit, I tell you. And at 1130 last night, Brian North Cross in his extended coverage was still saying that the feet of bands could cause havoc tonight. I was in 30. And he said, you're sure better keep your shutters on and bring all the stuff in. Yeah, you're still better rush back in the closet. I want to give you the real thing, you know. Yeah, we believe it's a feet of band coming. Yeah, tell me the feet this. You got to me. Okay, thanks. Tell me the feet on Bill Comell. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Just grow testically irresponsible. And like I said, some of them so disappointed that we couldn't have a whole bunch of crap here. Another made for TV movie about some of these people, huh? Then we could have brought Brian back into the lima again instead of being just a little suckling for Dan rather. And if it weren't bad enough that Dan, I loved Dan rather. Okay, always watched CBS even news. But last night was perhaps the worst edition of the CBS evening news in history with Danny Boy there in Savannah, Georgia. They were hyper ventilating, make the local channels look like rip and winkle. They were so psychotic on CBS evening news. And then as if that wasn't bad enough with Brian or Cross on there given his bull crap information at the end of the show, who does he talk to our good old buddy Neil Frank of it. He was in Houston who had nothing to say. Nothing. He would ask him some long question and Neil Frank would say, well, yes, you're right, Dan. It looks like it's moving northeast right or northwest. Okay, well, we already know that. Well, you know, this thing is no re-at then. And of course, we're not really predicting any better. It's just that we have a better technology and we're reading them now. We look at it and the idea of he didn't say a damn thing. He's still got the same bad haircut, by the way. A good buddy Neil Frank over there in Houston. Nice going, Neil. God bless you. Good guy. We're just not here's a cutlery of cello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Great. I want echo something you said. It's all about the money. I'm a 48 year one. I've won a race here in Miami. Right. Now, group in the group is the frame houses and every hurricane come through that it ever came through there. These, I mean, we got direct hits. We all survived it. All of the calls are listened to my behavior friends. They came over here many, many years before. And always said, people say this is all about what I'm telling you. I'm 48. I've been from. You open that window when the hurricane starts coming into the leaf value of your house and let that fresh out. We have survived it in these frame houses for many, many, many years. Okay. You're like Ryan Norford. Yeah. All these other people come in. These transplants. They don't know Jack who's about to come. Jack, yeah. Okay. And they do this because they need media comes up slow news day. And you would think that if anybody know about the big blow that Brian will be an expert on that. You would think that'd be as one of our expertise. So you would think so. But to listen to all this hook a lot, these people are around like maniacs because they don't know. They put no left faith and trust and they appeal us. Oh. We're in the troubles. And the person can come down here and take a look at it and what else if these people want to leave the child? What is it going to do? No, it's look like it to me. It's the only thing they had road blocks up there and they had a sure idea to get as late as either clock last night. Road blocks? Yeah. You know, I don't even necessarily guess that my son and I tried to get, we were going to go cart racing. They wanted to go cart racing. Yeah. Where are the games coming? But think back up. Can't get anybody out here unless I pay $100 because they're a games come. Uh huh. You know, it's ridiculous. I've been around these games. No, very can't come in. I was telling everybody, there's no arcade. I know the, it's not that I'm perfect. I know these things. But we're going to feel bad. We didn't even get a gut. I get more rain. That's right. Do it on a during any average day in the last six months. We got more rain up by me than we got yesterday. It's been none. I just think people should stop putting so much faith and trust into these people on these TV's. Webfoot so-called Webfoot. They don't know. They said, yet this song was so freaking big. It was that big. I didn't even get a gut to 10 miles an hour. Right. You know, with that big, you don't have to be a hingsian. They don't have to quit mid-attracts such a huge storm. Okay, sweetheart. All right. Have a great day. You too. Just say no to Brian. No, Brian. Okay. Just say no. Brian, I understand most people do. That's what I'm hearing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue ripping out sunshine. A big fat pimple. He asked us, is there really so? Maybe I don't think so. I don't think I'm getting carried away on this. I think that he deserves every ounce of energy of negative energy that I can put in to the cry. He's subhuman performance yesterday. See, this is the thing. Oh, we're in the media. We're so much holy or the now. We're so much better than all the rest of you. Pedestrian subs out there. You better listen to us. The sky is falling. And if it's not falling right now, it's going to fall any minute. And you better listen to Washington close up the doors because you're being God in irresponsible. You've got some nerve opening up. Let me say it again. How come there was nobody with a camera at Albertson's over there on Oakland and Nav Hill? Was there any problem there? Was anybody getting blown away? Not that we could see maybe in the team. We might've been seeing by getting blown away or otherwise. And this guy's got the hooks for it to be running around at mangos. And the said, I wish I, maybe somebody will know what the other market was because I tuned in just after he had started interrogating this guy and grilling this guy and cross examining this guy and terrorizing this guy and dehumanizing this poor bastard. Well, don't you feel, it was almost as if he was going to keep asking him the same guy then questioned until he finally got him to say, yeah, I feel like crap. He was just indignant that the guy wouldn't say he felt bad because he was endangering the lives of his employees and the customers and everybody else that he was coercing. You could see he was holding them in their right gunpoint. He had a shotgun in their head. I'd fire his ass right now is what I would do. But again, a channel for they got no choice because they got a bunch of losers over there a channel for. It's a loser network is what it is. That's why they suck up the rear end there every time. Correct. Here be rating periecto. Manl for his down there, just lapping up everybody's just looking up. Everybody else is behind. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Okay. 5407 speed speed switch 2 pb without 10 high- least 376 second. bueno.alie. the media in this town and this is a compliment okay but if there's one more to some of them all up mediocre that is such a perfect word I kept like resonating through my mind while I was listening that brilliant music I just played mediocre okay that's the highest compliment I can pay I mean don't know great job on a whether most of the other media will linger but those aren't like news people is there what those are people who have training to do what it is that they're doing but these news flunkies I mean I wouldn't give you a hundred bucks with a whole lot of them put together five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teardust line I want to hear from some other people who want to I want you to come forward today and apologize if you actually went into a store and bought something yesterday okay because we're supposed to feel guilty in fact I'm gonna apologize right now on the air to else sunshine and everybody else in the god and the human race that I went not only the amicostation I went to we went over to albristins in bought forty dollars with a grocery yesterday afternoon and I want to apologize right now because I was jeopardizing somebody safety maybe even my own my being out there on a road you know how crowded the roads were here yesterday like a ghost town so I'm sure a lot of the rest of you want to apologize to so I'll sunshine no come knocking on your house four or five this afternoon knocking on the door and putting you on god damn channel four and giving you a grilling of a lifetime miserable no good son of a bitch here's a mobile insane Augustine hello hey Neil I live in Miami but I'm on my way to business up in Jackson the Jackson the area yeah what you better watch it man yeah well it's it's not like it wasn't Miami yesterday okay it's insane Augustine yeah it's not I mean well you know the older probably yeah well no actually probably older Miami yeah you're building but you know I live in northeast Miami and you know what gives me is I thought for it look like it's wine and think of every time yeah public that they always show is the public we shop at and I always go there and I buy the batteries and I buy the water and then they tell me evacuate so what am I supposed to do all this stuff yeah you know every time we go on a people I'm proud of very frustrated by the way that it couldn't evacuate but in the orders to do so they still were unable to do it yeah well you know I was like we're not crazy and they still couldn't forget about yeah you just wanted to see energized your stuff go up every year during the summer well just remember one thing when you get close up there to Jackson they'll watch out for the okay fine good luck 56705 I mean eight o'clock yesterday morning the either hurricane is north of Lake Oca Chobha you look on a goddamn nap at right there in the front page you have come sent a list one there it is and here are 10 30 two and a half hours later here's the mayor hyper ventilating mayor of PPE good job sweetheart by the way you don't deserve the full uh... appellation what was your name in apologna let's remember apologian godfather one that was your name i guess what i just said he don't deserve even like one half of her breast not even a nipple course you wouldn't know what to do with it anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty-and-t wireless line the mayor's upset he's pissed off an upset first that you wouldn't vote yes on his goddamn a blackmail penny sales tax and now he's real upset that you wouldn't listen to the heat is warning yesterday and gets iconic and chronic the bed and hop into the uh... closet with brine or cross the mayor's real pissed off course the mayor couldn't go into closet because there's not room for him and merits dear highman one media and then that midget guy from the fire department there's not any closet big enough for all four of them in there boy are you a silly person or what mister mayor god what a joke here's how to be chill any how you doing pretty damn good sir it is the first time i call but i still i just had to call because there's just so much on mind about this whole nice went down to be without okay well unfortunately i didn't get to see the south sunshine stuff because i stopped watching all the local coverage because i could have been a meteorologist after all the repetitive old that's right okay first one i want to get back to the one to talk about that each of the second but i just got to say all the people that are going back to the stores to return stuff are ignorant what are they crazy they want to wait and lines again you know something if i'm in one of those stories if i'm working in one of those stories those people say i want to bring this back i just want to wait with no questions and that's all well just goes to show that my theory that the general public generally is ignorant but you know what that's not a bad thing because because of their mass ignorance i actually had a really good time i live in south beach of been here for about a year i'm from Maryland and it was like a ghost town i couldn't believe them walking down the streets and saying to myself finally there's parking and you know there wasn't very many places open but there was a convenience store and i went in their last night that's all i mean i'm sorry that's all i did need well right after right before when in there i saw this fire this fire department man he was helping people get on this evacuation bus and he said been here you know my whole life and my grandfather's been here and this is the worst thing that's ever going to happen right so i go into this convenience store by by some famous aim is cookies oh famous and it's part of way i didn't go to the source but i can't apologize for buying a bunch of crap i didn't go i didn't do it i just decided to stay here but anyway i go into the store and to get famous and it's well that i thought you're supposed to apologize for buying a cookies man well i didn't couldn't stay i just need something to munch on just in case this thing didn't get there well brine would have given you something to munch on so i'm in this store and the guy and i said to the counter just make it some small talk i said to the guy i said so what do you think is it's going to be the big one and he said no it'll just this is last night i mean the night before when it was like everybody's pretty good it's going to be you know massive devastation he says to me no it's just going to be a little bit of wind i guarantee it i'm like how do you know this and he said i'm religious so the next yeah yeah yeah yeah and i said to him hey how i can't believe how did you get this was right you know he said what religion are you he said he was Muslim and you know so this guy has more credibility to me that any of these guys that are seen on the news all by the way it's the Muslims in the catholic so but they're in east team or that are a slaughtering each other like crazy over there which is why we have to stick to peacekeeping force more good old-time religion they're in east team or an indonesia but anyway go ahead well they should be meteorologists i guess yeah there you go okay pal but let me just say this real quick thing yeah about beach was fantastic there was nobody around you can walk you know it reminded me of the reminded me of um uh no man's land like when when people were leaving side gone you know everybody was trying to get out and i was not about the leave the beach and not kept the gun and all the poor souls that went to these uh uh you know shelters yeah oh my god there were there's supposed to be their post six to eight yeah the man credible i was drinking corona and having a great time walking on the there you go okay pal okay man thanks a lot bottoms up all right five six seven oh five sixty yeah this is a joke this was an insult and i don't i don't perceive that too many people are pissed off and you want to know why because you're brainwashed oh that thing's beeping again you're brainwashed from the day before see you're confusing monday with Tuesday like apple only i said monday when they saturday you're confusing the days of the week and that's what he said before she got in at the car and wrap alone he was he was a very good driver just like uh a red man what about what are all these things flashing through my mind now you want to know why because i'm trying somehow the ease off on his al-san shanty i over the years i've been you're 23 years and many times i've been furious with some of these people in the media here and how irresponsible and what asshole they sometimes are but this performance yesterday in the midst of everything else we've had 15 million hours of media coverage in the last three or four days on this system but of anything of everything and anything this was the most aggravating the most unacceptable the most nauseating this man should only break out in boils in boils from head to the plague of locus should only fly into his rectum immediately if not sooner and two off his handhawks and red room useless the channel for is a female ready here's plantation hello hello all right listen man it was all well and good to have these evacuations yeah but truly incompetent of my earlight yes i ended up at Miami International Airport all the it for the fight they were long gone when i got there yeah so i asked Miami did police man well how about the irreference what did they do in some drugs there were four they were gone they were gone you know when i went there that place was empty that airline had a responsibility to call and said that they were going because every time i call the main officer said they were going yeah so anyway i asked a police officer to watch my bag mean time i go and call and get transportation to go back home i was lucky i didn't get locked up because i should not have been there that's right you know so we're going to pay me back now for the super shuttle that i took out there and had our last aggravation could you ask me a penis if he's going to do but you know something they were going to pay you back but the tools are done on the turnpike today so unfortunately we'll have to we can't afford to do it well need you know you know we'll send you our best wishes instead we're god bless you're on okay man don't do it again 560 5050 5060 on the 18t while i'm flying let's give a word let's give the award to Al Sunshine for being the far away biggest asshole in the last two days and let's give the award to do a lot of the alphorec maybe maybe not too bad of a finished second there encouraging hey look at this all these assholes out there surfing okay it's dangerous don't go out there this is all over beach by the way and there's only this one company is not arresting anybody sitting there in a car by the way here it is again and again and again and again and again over and over and over again although certainly as always winning the award is the silliest of the more well that the machine is going up back there now it's making all kinds of sounds well we got a nice long but we got it made anyway like i said oh that's right we got the long breaks especially with those extra fffpl spots we got you know the ones to say hey don't get too confident because this thing could turn around and come back and give you the big blow yeah those are my favorite here's a lady in my any hello hi my one yes man sounds like you that lady who call about living a window open during a hurricane absolutely right yeah that's always works really does i've been here more than 50 years believe it or not and that's an old-behameian tradition and it works yeah error clapping said it works like magic the thing is is the summer windy and saturday even better than the the handians you know when they used to have the tickets out the Everglades and a hurricane would come yeah with no meteorologists to warn them and they knew it was coming they didn't they you know they weren't wiped out why is that why is that because they didn't have they didn't have high rise and walls to blow down yeah they had you know everything was natural and they just broke down like gators and the mud right and the chickies the the roots of fly off with the standing post which they would still be standing after the hurricane and nobody died how do you like that because there was no highlight so if we get all this stick our heads in the mud i think we got to make we got to look knocked down the highlights right okay okay thanks for the good news anybody have any idea what she said oh but she was okay but that machine is just to go in ballistic back it pop pop pop pop pop pop pop I just to go nuts probably the mayor's got something to do with it or maybe it's one minute yet a twenty six after eleven five sixty oh that's our poll question today by the way who do we find more nauseating mere peepy or i else sunshine well that's a tough one after yesterday of course we're not paying else sunshine salary directly so thank god for that but the mayor and a lot of you people in the county you suckers at their your pain is salary for him to walk around like a little poor and then keep lecturing you and how naughty you are because you're not psychotic enough he's very disappointed very upset even though our schools and date open again today yes is the mail be delivered in date again today yes is there any reason for people to be psychotic about the weather in date today oh but i'm a little bit disappointed new people for not being crazy enough about because the mayor mr mayor he wants to be a big shot he wants to exploit it he didn't work out to live in that sales tax but maybe his media biological efforts maybe he knows of which way it's blowing i think that's where his expertise is by the way from all your country people that were here and from all the time the ones that call him mere booket on 26 past eleven at five sixty w q m you know eight of a lot of your so big while you're making out I feel secure, cause your trip will watch while you're with those people. Don't put up the window, okay? And let this drum flow on right through. Let it blow through. It gets a fly off the window and it's wrong with that. 11.32 at 5.60. Here's the 11 o'clock A.M. coordinates. So they just moved off the other channel real quick. But actually you're looking at that thing right now. It's moving through north. It's moving like maybe just a little bit to the west. You don't want to say north west of north, but it's moving north. And really quite frankly, if you had a little bit of objectivity and we're in a panic in Saucotic, you could just look at this thing these lines today and have a pretty good idea of where to help is going and who didn't have to be in a panic. But that's no fun. Here's the facts from Mike who says, Floyd just toyed, but Gritz gonna hurt. All right. This is we should offer free rope and cement blocks for the ankles of the assholes who decided to spite their hurricane by swimming in the ocean right in front of it. So I'm not so sure about that, Mike. I was two of those people out yesterday, but now that I think about it, mind your own business. Okay, do I light a lot of nail and stop putting the goddamn video of it on here. After five minutes and encouraging people to go down the hall over you jack ass. You silly person and by the way, we can't stand you without the mustache. Here's Margate. Hello. It was like a, not just Samson thing. When we were dancing to the scene, Dr. Zero, he was the same thing with Dry Loderdale on the mustache. Yes sir. Are you there? Speak to me, sir. Your phone is coming back. Come me back. Here's sunrise, hello. Neo. Yes sir. Are you doing great? I want to apologize profusely. Before you went to the store? I went to my favorite pizza place. Shame on you. Shame on you. Shame on you. Shame on you. Not have done well in this place. Yeah. If he were to walk in there, they would have taken care of him. Good. They should have stuck his hands out of the pizza. They would have put the pizza over on the knob hill and I think it's on the strip. Right. They had nine people working in the place to phone, never stop putting. How do you like that? I mean, it was great. I wish I could at least a business just for one day yesterday. For some pussy out there that was too scared to open up his business. I wish I could at least at just one day. I have to come out here and promote it for four hours. I'm more open today and made a fortune. I could have probably retired one day. Unbelievable. I mean, the phone was ringing like crazy. Yeah. Everybody was smiling and doing business. It was great. Didn't seem to be any problem at the Salbriston's man. We're doing a lot of business in there. Probably not a lot. There were people that don't usually even shop there. Unbelievable. Right. Well, we survived. You're pretty for great. Okay. Okay. You're a little bit scared. Here comes dirt. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, whatever that means. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Or like most of the guys out there would say, just lift up your skirt anyway. Here is Miami. Hello. Hey, Bill. Are you doing this one? Pretty good sir. All right. I don't have a little lot of material. But I just gotta take you right about the guy out. He's always popping. He's an asshole. He's always popping his fat mouth off of everything. He's always lecturing everybody else. He's Mr. Big Shot. He's an expert. I'm going to tell you, he made a bigger asshole out of himself yesterday than most people get to do an entire lifetime. And about five minutes yesterday and one day. Absolutely. I don't know what this guy's problem is. But in the, I'm not real chronic in anything. But I need some dolphin tickets for this week's game. Uh huh. New on these and tick. Well, just what the game ain't told about go buy some. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on how do you like that? I heard the beef over this morning in the 10 seconds. I could stand coming to work in between the switch and CDs. I heard the matchley saying that the game wasn't sold out against the Arizona Cardinal. Against the Jake the plumber. Against the girls team that they should annihilate. That just barely on the last second field will squeak by the putrid horrendous Eagles. Who have a lot of game in a hundred years last Sunday. Everybody's talking big talk here man. Like, oh yeah, we want to game. We beat the world champions man. We kicked their ass. We're great. And the meantime, still took it to available. And it's a Wednesday while I must have been the storm. Okay, we'll sit back and wait. We'll sit back and wait and see if these people put their money. We're going to go to the mountains. All these big shots. All these big sports nerds. All these great loyal fans. Who are they smart like me with rather soon. I'm going to watch it free on TV. But of course, it's got to be sold out for that to happen. Here's a call in Jupiter. Hello. It's low. Neil God. Yes sir, speaking. I do it. Great. Three different items for you. Okay. I'd like you to pay in all three. Number one, what do you think is it better to show up? Stop. No much. Okay, five, six, seven, five, six, eight pound, five, six, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in North Bay, Philadelphia, and chill out. Hi. How you doing Neil? Pretty good sir. Just two quick comments for you. First of all, the mayor should probably be managing a whole and a ally from midnight to six in the morning after the emergency management situation they have. Yeah. And the other one is, what's with this governor that declares the beaches parks so we can let physically drag people off of them? Do you hear that? No. Up north up in, I think, West Palm. It's to keep people off the beaches. They declare them, uh, state parks for the day. For the day. Yeah. That's like Queen for a day. Now we got State Park for the day. Sounds like that. All right. Thanks. Okay. Thank you. Good work. We've had 705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Just to see this happens over and over again. We've had so many of these close calls, near calls, close scares. People slut the door. And there is very definitely, you know, there's that concern that people are going to become complacent. They're not going to get enough batteries. They're not going to get enough water. You shouldn't have, you shouldn't have batteries in water Delast until they're next millennium. Not this coming one, but the one after that. And the back street boys video 3000. And by the way, anybody that says there's anything wrong with the new Back street boys video. Full of crap. Let me see it again. Except I'd like to see it somewhere on MTV. So I could see the whole thing from start to finish instead of having an interrupted because MTV blows. Yeah, Carson get lost, Carson. Okay. And stop at a stupid squealing little girls interrupting all our videos. Oh, and a new, uh, risk, risk video. Oh, man. Woo. They views it number five. What is that? Tell you. A lot of retard's out there, I guess. Oh, there's the, and I look at that. The weather channel is showing the thing because this, uh, see that. What did I just tell you this morning? Going up there and clipping the Carolinas south and then North Carolina, the eastern portion. And then the zip and up right along the coast because this cold front is pushing in that direction of the northeast. Eventually on mudslides. No, no seriously. Okay. So you want the thing to fall see or you're all lady and their mock croaks up there in North Carolina. Georgia's hoping that is old Cuban mother bites the big one up there in North Carolina. Big mudslides. Shame on you. I think it's coming though. 21 before noon at 5.60 WQM. You better suck it in and hold it. Hi. Says here's plate from the areas newest car dealership plate doors. Our lot of Jane with a plate of plate doors is H1 completely carpeted for your comfort. And all of our plate doors is our available in a wide variety of colors ranging from Ram and Red all the way to hot paint. The plate doors handles in all kinds of weather from hot and dry to food and wet. Top in for test drive and experience that new cleat tourists mail. And when you buy from us, we'll hand up your cleat tourists until your satisfied. Cleat tourists. There's a mower shakes of better year driving. I'm a can't think cleat knows the oldest sopicking. It's 16.15. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. What is that? A harman card on pass. Harman card in this stereo. It's card on. Oh, maybe that's not how you pronounce it. That's how I pronounce it. Can you say card on on the ear? No. No. Okay. Move it right along. Okay. So Sam is out there. He wants to show it to you and the speaker's to in a dog. It's said to him. So I'm whatever he's given away. Here's a mobile in on the alley. Hello. Yes sir. Let's see quick things. Number one. Did you see today's sport page? No. No. No. Didn't see that. Wonderful. They said they'll take a bus if they have to. Always like that Jimmy man. It's on the top of like the second or third page of one of the papers. Okay. And also, what was you were talking about these very other days. I never could stand this stuff. I picked up those new fiction. It's a new novel. It's very good. Yeah. So maybe he's a judge. I have no idea. I doubt it. Okay. Let's get a new phone and then we'll talk to somebody. But thanks very much for tipping me off on a Jimmy Johnson. It was my favorite with the hair. Yeah. He's a great cop in the hair. We could be special baby. We could be special. We got a chance. We got a chance. I don't see it's not in the hair. I don't see it anywhere. There is a old leg Kavasha. Anybody excited about hockey? We got exhibition hockey going by the way. Anybody care about? No. Let's see. How about the OG? I got that whole big thing. What have I got cut out of there? What did I slice out the article about the impermeatuals? Well, there you go. Long trip from Denver leaves JJ just plain PLA and E. Man, write this down. I will never, ever fly American Airlines again. I'd rather drive to our next rogue and then fly with him. How do you like that? Woo! There were forced to land in four miles because American letter employees leave early from Fort Lauderdale airport and mine international to prepare for the hurricane. Johnson was furious because both of what airports though were something flights and landing in four miles required approximately two hours of travel via bus back to Fort Lauderdale after the charter landed in 540 in a morning. How do you like that? There you got some snick in there. We got the dolphins, man. We got the important goddamn dolphins along with Jimmy Johnson and our very only important Jim. A red dog managed on air, Mr. Manwich. And you people got some snick in there. The only reason they kept it open in all by the way is to make sure they got all the drugs sold before they closed it down here. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Tamarack, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Listen, I just wanted to say one thing. I agree with a lot of people that, you know, there was a lot of this area, but honestly, that's storm. If it would have hit would have really, really, really been bad. We all agree with that, but the fact is that by yesterday morning it was very clear that we were not going to get much extra money. That was what I was going to say. That obviously, when they knew that it wasn't going to be a big problem, they just kept going and going and pounding it in. And we were almost like they were very disappointed that they couldn't make a big timisout of this. And as a result, instead of just being responsible, which there's no, there's no profit being responsible and being rational. Instead of that, they kept holding out hope that something would happen. And they didn't even resume regular programming until 630 last evening. Right. And it was happening on guiding light by now. Well, it was on in the middle of the night. Did it was? Yes. And it was saw? No. Of course not. And by the way, you were right about, don't know, like, did all the channel surfing and looked at all these forecasters. Do you not look at anybody says he's the best? He was really, really good. So rational and calm and very accurate too. You know, this is how he kept giving it to this tracking. Instead of this big wide yellow thing that Brian keeps sticking on there, and he's going to work covers about 50,000 miles in diameter. He gives you, like, you know, the real love, the story there, the tracking that the is very accurate and very easy to understand. He doesn't hyperventilate. And when it's time to drop the thing, he drops it. Right. And it seemed like Brian knew across this really even when the news was good. He wanted to try and make it bad. Right. And in the beginning, he was very low key. And it seemed like yesterday as he was getting more and more disappointed that he was trying to start the old hyperventilate routine again. Especially when he went, and what's with that, that ticking is eyes. Now, I don't know, did anybody notice that to me? He says the straight and straight of the point when the signal going on. Okay, have a great day. You're here too, bye-bye. What you see ahead in this time? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60. Maybe he had a card on. Huh? Maybe the vibration from the speakers got his eye like a little bit. That could have been it. Anyway, moving right along. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I know. I'll talk about Brian, North Cross, and the rest of the crowns in the media. Yes, sir. Don't know about my good friend Al-Sunshine. Who should be fired by noon today? Unbelievable. You know, Monday, I believe that there was legitimate threat to South Florida. Yes, sir. I left work early. Went home to care about business. I said we were going to be feeling tropical storm force winds by 7 a.m. Tuesday. Okay, I woke up at 7. It was beautiful. Right. I went out to breakfast. Sound of place that was open. Shame on you. You're in a apology if you actually subsidized the place that was open yesterday. You're also in a apology. The place was packed. Right. Okay. I go home, take down my shutters. Put the lock furniture back off. Uh-huh. Okay. Because they just couldn't drop the story. The whole city was shut down all day long. And parts of it's don't today. Parts of it's still today. We got no racing in colder. No racing in the top of the park tonight. No tools me collected on the turn by God here, which saved me a buck today. And again yesterday. But there's money that the revenue of the state is losing that we can all afford to lose. Well, shame on them. Amen. Amen. Thanks. See you. Yeah. Great job Monday. And you're undermined all of it yesterday. As far as I'm concerned, you pull the carpet right from under your own God. Welcome. Yes. Yesterday. By just the refusing to let go. There comes a time when you got to let go. Okay. Let go already. And even yesterday afternoon, the weather lady there on Channel 7, Miss Kamal, she's gone about all these, these feeder bands. Feed this. Okay. We're looking at the map and we're seeing the feeder bands coming out of the northwest Quadrant of the storm and going across the state over there in Tampa where some really dumb people went by the way to try to run away from the storm. Not to mention Igor by name. He get back today or he's still over there hiding out under a blanket somewhere. I ain't probably got wiped out in Tampa. Probably got the big blow over in Tampa, man. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Great. Hey, listen up. The thing I'm worried about right now is they had all this hype about this hurricane and what happens to the next one comes in. Nobody does anything because they're all like, yeah, well, I'm not going to happen now because we're a few days at our time. The last time. Yeah. This is something if you've lived here, ready like the time. This is something we always have to contend with as we've had so many close calls and then a lot of people get really complacent and it's like the boy who cried well. And you got to understand that you got to give these people a little bit of slack because that's not a precise science. They don't know exactly where it's going to hit. They're doing the best that they can up until midnight two night to go. Yeah. You see what I don't understand is they milk the story for all its work. Yeah. Because I mean, there's such a lot of it. Yeah. Why, well, you're right. You got a good point. What they did yesterday, it minimized it. It made a mockery and a joke out of the whole thing. And a lot of people are going to say, oh, yeah, well, we know there are a bunch of alarmers anyway. We're not going to pay any of you right. Exactly. You know, I thought it was pretty funny to all the same. Even though they were all the other stations except ABC and I'm going to say, well, I'll be all the other stations except ABC or milk and infer all of its work. You know what? I wasn't that much of an emergency for ABC that they couldn't show them one day night came, you know. I mean, that's a like one understatement. Yeah. They did show the games. Well, I'm more behind, baby. Big bucks. Big bucks. So I mean, I didn't stop the game coming on, but I actually went out to look for the, I wanted to go watch the game on one day night. I went down to like, champs down and, uh, uh, what's that a, uh, a cypress creek road down there? Uh-huh. Yeah. Just to watch the game in the big screen and they were boarded up, they were closed and so shooters like you saw either. Oh, my god. You couldn't meet. They were closed on Monday night. Well, I'm wondering what I can understand that. Yeah. I don't know. I just thought, like I said, I think that the next time when this one's hurt is, uh, it's going to be a bad. How did you find get drawn? That's what I say. That's very, very big thing. Okay. Let's just go on. Have two or three kegs, huh? Let's get 50, uh, 60 kegs because no, say it like I said yesterday. There's no law that says you got a drink water. Beers mostly water. So does mostly water. Wine is mostly water. Just sit back. Make sure you get enough fluids, man. And you know what Brian says. B-b-b-b mostly a water, too. That's what he says. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. Did the hurricane vector shift rise on hold? I found it back. Is it? I don't know about that thing. You never got any more word about that. Yeah. Well, may a maximal culpa or don't do the story yesterday. I didn't realize there's being so horrible. But I had this one thing, this watching you have to do on the news. I thought we're going to get the best live entertainment around. There's this reporter. The 10 to a woman North Bay village, I think it was. Yeah. It was all wired up. The head said microphone. And they start talking to me because, well, I'm standing here right now. An ankle deep water. And I'll please, guys. Just light them up. Yeah. I bet you else sunshine would have been upset about that. He's got to jeopardizing his life. I know. And it was part of those people. I mean, if they want to go out and walk on those jetties and surf. I think the free country, what I'm doing. Yeah. Yeah. Let me go. If somebody has to risk the life to go and save them. That's right. That's the thing. Long time I don't have to waste any time. I'm mourning about them the next day. Then I hugged. Right. Well, that's the life. Okay, so. I'm going to do this today. Why don't we track this? I didn't say anyway. Did I? No. You just imagine it. Because I was sitting here getting sucked in because they kept saying it. Overall, my God, these people are crazy. They're risking their lives. And I'm sitting inside here. I don't know what's going on outside. They're making it seem like, oh, yeah. We're going to get this tremendous rain. He's gigantic gust. And all this. And there was nothing going on. The sun was shining. Nice going. Dwight. Like I said, you're an old, seenile, silly old person. Okay. Put some real news people on that channel. Some of us might watch it. I'm going to start watching seven. Just for kicks, you know. Just to see if Rick falls over the edge of the thing out there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T. Wattles line. Understand the family of that guy. I understand that they're ready to send a limo to pick a pickup today. After work. Here's homestead. Hello. Yeah. Hi, how are you doing today? Good sir. Hey, I just like the personally thank Brian North Cross for scaring me. You know what? Out of my kids one day night. Yeah. I'm going to blow it out of proportion. Five times the size of Andrew whatnot. They're both old enough to realize, you know, the magnitude of Andrew. But he didn't do them any favors by blowing it up like he did. And I just like to personally thank him. Okay. No, fine. Okay. Whatever you said. It was, by the way, three to four times the size of Andrew, but nevertheless. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T. Wattles line. It's four minutes till noon. Well, don't you understand Brian had to have some reference point because that's what made him famous was that made for TV movie they made about him like he was some kind of an expert, some kind of a big shot. And in fact, that Brian's going to be making several appearances at the local theorems I understand to sign autographs. I can punch him into the groin. Friff the hair off his chest and still he snores. Hello. I'm Bernie Co. Bell and I'm barely allies, but I don't snore and tears why. When we go to sleep, my wife always carries her anti snorkeh. Not only is it easy for her to use, but it's very effective too. And here's why. Just one quick full of the trigger and you'll sleep snore free all night long. If you have a loved one that snores, use the anti snorkeh. Just with the NRA ordered, the order yours have paid a company in Colby NRA at 1-800 of Narrigan Lays. Okay, so here's the thing, the 11 o'clock coordinates 29.9 north is the latitude 29.0. Is the longitude west. And it's moving out only 125 mile an hour winds moving at the 14 miles an hour north north west. But I'm telling you, trust me what I tell you, more than the north west. And there's a chance. I mean, not that we live in those areas, but if you have any relatives up there, you're hoping that they have a bunch of lives in your mother gets killed, things like that. There's a chance of way I look at this thing that it's going to start moving to the north east. And then kind of like hug along the coastline. And then maybe even move out to sea eventually, like sooner than they think. I'm not saying, more or less the other because do we live in any places? No, no. But just in case you're hoping that your mother gets killed in the mudslide. So anyway, like I said, here's a fact. It says, Pickling, I was going to get hold up with the nowhere-electric for a few days. I bought these brand new flavored peanut butter by Jeff. Chocolate silk, apple cinnamon, and berry blend. It says a great idea. They're fantastic. They're not like Ben and Jerry's, not that good, but they're really very good. And also, it says, remember reminds me of Floyd, no bite just a quick blow is what it says. You think anybody in his audience is trying to end those peanut butter? They stink. Yeah. It's not that crazy about peanut butter. It sounds pretty good. I get you to write out of the jar. I don't need bread. And especially after going yesterday, the Albertians and seeing that all the bread basically been cleaned out. What do they do with all that bread? I guess they make it sandwiches. Okay, they figured the electrical would be out. So let's make 50,000 sandwiches. They make bread pudding in the deli with it. Is that what they do with this? Huh. Huh. Hate bread pudding. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, I'll do like rice pudding. Not good for, but I love it. Here's a lady mobile and pepper fine, hello. You're finding your whole area. Great. I guess I've got any white. Really? I gave it last night and you missed quite an exciting night. Oh, my God. So that should have been during the day. What time are we going? It was on 307 in the morning. So I wanted to say it. I wanted to see it anyway. Let me tell you what happened. You won't believe it. Yeah. I don't know how they did it, but Edmund is so old. They've got him 82 times and he's still alive. But he needs medical help according to that. He's going to get everyone who tried to do this to him. And he's got that guy that tried to do the firing squad against Michelle and him. And he's suppose we use on Edmund's side. He's going to help him. He's said he's loyal to him enough. His brother. Uh-huh. And so we know I went looking for Ben because you know, that Ben is so soon that he'll be drew to other. Right. Okay. She went looking for him and the maid pulled. She went over to the San Jose. And she went looking for him. And the maid pulled her. She was down in the San Juanseller. But the girl. Pilar. Yeah. Pilar. Do you have an alien by name? Pilar by the way. No. No. But anyway. But Pilar anyway. Set up a trap because she thought that Ben was going to go down there and she hates him. And she had that guy beat set up a trap and regist there. And guess what? So we know him down enough. And now she's at the bottom. And she can't move. She said she can't move her body off. Oh boy. That poor boss every time he hooks out of somebody. It is to just to his bad news. Exactly. So Drew's over there crying. Mommy. And it was quite interesting. So you definitely have to watch it today. And I think that they preempted this. So I could watch Al Sunshine waving his arms in the bitch and out this guy who is doing some business yesterday. All those guys were so stupid. Shame on him. Okay. Can I give a shout out? Go ahead. I just want to say to Joe, you're still a douchew. And don't forget Billy God. Exactly. See you. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Where I'll stop. We're getting lunch from Atlantic City Sub today. And we are. Excellent. We love Atlantic City Sub. We love them profusely. And sure hope that a good buddy Brad had told his ass that they did a land off his business. Because they were smart enough to stay open. They sent over 40 50 pieces for us yesterday. Hope that they made a fortune yesterday. Because like I said, if you had a brain, you'd stay open. And if Al Sunshine came over with his crew and his microphone and tried to bitchy, you'd break his legs and kick his ass out. And so go mind your all business, Pat. So here's Carl Springs. Hello. Carl Springs. Sounds dead to me. Sounds dead as a dornal. Let's try Miami. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes sir. Yeah. I'm a surf and I went surfing and I've been in front of my house around 74 feet. And I'm a couple of buddies of mine who were out there in the water. We were seeing cops just screaming and yelling at us. And a little bit of a sudden we just like get out of the water. Get out of the water. And we got out of the water. And like, oh, we're going to give you 50 dollars. Because the beaches closed. And I looked up in the sky and not a cloud in the sky. Well, I'm just here. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what I said. And I said, the ways are like beautiful man. What's the problem? He's like, no, I can't say if you're the beaches are closed. Al Sunshine said that. Yes and that. You know. And so we said, all right, we're going to leave. And then we just got a car and went to Hall over beach. There you go. All the fun sort and every other channel seven news and everybody was there. So we say, they're joined the party. Yeah. We're now in a surf the whole day. Do I love it? It also is really had a good time. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Do I love it? I'll make what we had to talk about. I'll have to know if you wouldn't have had every five every two and a half minutes. Like I said, every 40 seconds they're going back to footage. You get into Hall over beach. All these people have it a good time. And if I were to just head if we just had a window here. Looked outside and seen just how pleasant it was. And a sun was shining. I would have said, all right. Everybody go on down there. And then of course, it would have come in here and dragged me out. That's what they would have done. For you know, sparing civil disobedience. The mayor would have probably got the, you know, the Metro data assholes in here. And believe me, there's plenty of them. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Compino. Pablo. Yeah, hi. How you doing now? Pretty good, sir. Good. I'm the same as Colle B4. We went down to me, my buddy, my son. We went down to, uh, Compino Beach yesterday. Yeah. And, uh, it closed off every bridge. All these cops, but they just, one cops said stop. One cop led us through. So we started going down to Pompino Beach. Right. Two cops standing over, uh, thought I'd say half a mile down the, uh, beach. We decided to go booky board and surf in over there. 14 years son, you wanted to go. So, hey, it was kind of calm though. I mean, went down, we went down to beach real. Pop comes over to us, gave us a ticket. Then it. Yeah, we got a $50. How could you do this? He's 14 years old. Then the another cop came over and said, I'll leave him alone. You know, if you were off duty right now, you'd be in that water too. Oh, right. So we sat there. Well, that could be cruising the tea rooms there by the beach. All right. It was beautiful out there. Okay, pal. All right. Great job. Everybody had a good time. Okay. And at least to those people that had enough balls to just say, what told you a porcure's out there on you fascists? Go worry about something important. Okay. Go worry about the looters that were getting ready. And we, again, want to apologize to all the looters who got screwed up again. They had all their plans. They had their maps out. They had all of your code numbers. Everything was all set to go and they got screwed again. Damn it. 1209 is five 60 year-less splitting station QAN. This is five 60. QAN. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. Real men have hairy chest. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. Real men like to watch Baywatch. I like to listen to Ricky Martin. What? I like to listen to Ricky Martin. Hello. Real men, don't listen to Ricky Martin. Sorry, pal. Ah, sh**! Oh, I'm sorry. Miss Brunchy's eye real men. I know it's real men. Listen to the back street point. I love 14 at 5 60 WQAN. Schedules almost back to normal. The way I'm racing it call today. No. Poppin' a park tonight. No. Can we add any word by the way from our sales department about any of these matters? No. No. Here it is. It's after noon. After noon. It's 1215 in the afternoon. Did they after the big blow which never took place? And if we had any communication from any of our sales holes about any of these things? No. So when I tell you all the time that these people just don't care, trust me when I time. Not exaggerating and not looking to make trouble. I'm just telling you exactly the image the way it is. Whatever that means. Here's Sunny Isle. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing a great song? Great. When you're saying you're a buddy Brian, nor across. Yeah. Now they were cutting over to them. The one woman goes and said it take it away. Brian, she goes blow to away Brian. Yeah. How do you have to write on that? Yeah. I'm trying to hurricane we're watching the doors. The doors movie. Yeah. And like in 69, we around here then when Morrison got arrested, someone has been going to his thing and one more thing. And nothing need to put on the hurricane watch is how to keep the weed dry and that's the only thing they don't tell. Tell the point. Excellent. Great. I wanted to say it's very safe at the airport man. Yeah. Okay. See you over there at MIA. See you there with a ramp ratch. You know what we're talking about? Yeah. How about you do? Yeah. Evidently you can't get your money back. That's the only time that I'll do it. And I got a couple of those deals where cancel really reflects, and I got to a swapman for a future date which hopefully by then maybe they might actually get a flight on time once a week but I doubt it. actually get a flight on time once a week but I doubt it. What that's our pool question today. What's the last year that a American Airlines had any flights that landed on time? 18. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Don't forget our buddy Sam's out there in a QA in van. He's got a card on. Right now Sam Ducebag our promotions van. That's right between 1230 and 130 he'll be out there at the shell gas station and margarated 505 North State Road 7. He'll be a fair bank's dodge between 23 PM with his card on. And you have a chance to register to win a pair of intensity bookshelf speakers or a harm and card on back which includes a receiver and a sendee speakers plus the offense and marlins to get to. Dolphin tickets to there you go. Probably on the outside but you never know that might actually be some on the inside. I'll see he's going to be on our try. He's going to be up there and brow our doing this. I sure hope that the uh... Terjidity police don't see the sand got a card on. Here's a pepper pine. Hello Neo. Yes. I want to talk a little hockey with Neil. I'm wondering why Peter Whirl is up in Qback and not working out with the panthers right now. Who said that? As far as I'm as far as true. Is it not true is he down here now? Who told you that? I just see it on the panthers website that he's up in Qback. Not true. Is he here? Yes. Oh that's good to hear because you know they got a plan on the second the first or second line in the exhibition game in Knoxville in Tennessee. What is that? Marnight. Marnight? Uh-huh. You know what? Well wait a minute let's see. We got into a week here in Ekin tomorrow night. Yes we are. 715 we'll have it a clock on the waxy on 790. Do you know what the channel is on TV? Not on TV. You think exhibition games are on TV? Uh-huh. Not on our jacks. I saw maybe sports channel might be a little bit. Although no, they're not on. Although there's a I think the red wings are the rangers tomorrow and I don't want. Uh-huh. Somewhere. May I call someone to do Spag? Go ahead. Brian the Norcross dresser. You're a douchebag. Okay. 565 we got 200 open lines now all of a sudden we've been rolling along here today. Then we haven't had too many apologies from the people. I might get off something. I just don't understand you people. Here was Albertans wide open and though I'm not I mean Albertans is okay. They had a pretty good selection. Most suffice had to bread that was clean out and of course no water but who wanted that anyway. Uh-huh. And it were very nice and air very friendly and uh the price was right and uh I bet it's about 40 bucks on groceries and like I said there is 40 bucks I spent in there that I never would have gone in a million and I'm only one person okay. I'm just one schmuck. You can imagine all the people that went by all of the Albertans yesterday and unloaded their cash I went over the head and stuck. What's the problem? And you remember the truck driver that called me yesterday said oh well the public's people they won't let us truck this. What's that guy for the living? I'm sure that there was stuff on the shelves right. So they're cleaned out of bread and water. Big stink indeed you can get that in prison for Christ's sake. What's the big deal with bread and water you know? Some of us want some a little more exotic like that. They're like maybe a little bit in Jerry's would be great you know. Like they had a good selection last night at the Albertans and maybe uh whatever little pasta little meat a little something a little sustenance to put in your push since people got to eat even though they after a hurricane that we didn't get hit by. I just don't understand you guys oh gee you were understanders a hurricane warning there is nothing going on okay. Al and Mr. Mayor ping off there's nothing going on. It's the all clear you know how they have the air raid serents and I know they used to do this too. They have an all clear serenetary what do they do then on is that for like fire if you have ever heard that maybe that was during the war. They did that in like in London or in England. Yeah, when they were dropping bombs and then we would have an all clear serenetary with blow when they lasted the lost bomb us were on the ground. Yeah, I think that's where it must have been. I'm going to be just dreaming. But what's wrong with that? Why could they just have a bunch of serents go off the okay, no need to panic anymore. Well, that have been a breath of first year that would have been sweet. Then everybody could have grabbed their surfboards, their boogie boards, their goddamn whatever they were grabbing and going out there and had a good time. Well, that had to be worried about the drag away by the goddamn surfboard police just because it's like, a lot of the old funny daddy son of a bitch who's all been out of shape. And you're not fooling us, why don't you or loving it, baby. You were loving it and I could have crossed my bitch that was on it with you guys were loving it because that's the only thing you gave you any material or was nothing else going on. That was it. Here's a mobile and four lot of deal. Hello. Uncle Neil, how you doing? Great. I'm surprised you didn't say anything about Tom, Dick, as an article in the sense that no about the same thing. Didn't see it. Tony Cateretto was having a big puppet about the same thing as far as the showing the beaches and he wasn't going to do it or he wasn't going to let them do it. But the station decided to do it because all of the competition was doing it. Where is this in the sunset? I think it's, I don't remember I'm not at home anymore. It's unlike the fifth or sixth page and all of that hurricane garbage. There's a big article that's a quarter of a page I'd say on the right hand side. Oh, here it is. Here it is. Tom, Jerka. Who's like, who's going to discover the spring radio ratings or our FCC find nice going down? Yeah, but then one more thing, a big waste of tax dollars. You were talking about not paying the toll. Well, I just got on a grip and a road at the turnpike entrance there. They got the toll collector sitting out there. But not taking any money. I'm right. I'm right. He's telling me. I'm going to drop my quarter in the little basket. Yeah. And he says, well, no tolls. So they're sitting there, making their taking their paychecks, but they're not collecting any money. Unbelievable. Hey, Uncle Jen's working again, Amy. That's beautiful. Yeah. Got to think I've got so much spare cash. Only in the banana republic, baby. I'm telling you, Miami. Right. Have a great day. Thanks. So yeah, here's Tom Jericho's that a whole big course. Why? I'm glad that guy called me about it. I never would have found this. And the article either. Well, we're going to have picked your Tom. His Facebook's his fat is the whole guy dim country. They could have dropped. They could have had the weather map on his posts. Look, seriously, he looked at his Facebook's like a globe of the world now. Tom. Nothing. I always said about Tom Jika. He's a boy. Floyd TV, accurate, and excessive he says, better safe than sorry. However, a little less would have been better yet. Says Tom Jericho. At a boy Tom. So I'm floated to say something in here by the way about Waffen. Fully net up to very jackass. And he's got to call him a day about 1790 on your A&D. I'll laugh and that they're laughing. They put the Noah weather channel on from eight o'clock Monday. Maybe they still got it on. Of course, I'd rather hear the Noah weather channel. And here I'm just talking about brother Fred and the Ranks. But at any rate. South Florida news that TV news organizations again provided an essential lifeline of the community during the approach of hurricane fluid. Although there were some typical TV shortfalls and successes, the coverage as a whole was thorough, professional, and admirable lacking in gamesmanship. However, the sheer extent of it probably trickled more apprehension than necessary, five days out there were regular hurricane Bolton, including the most widely watched programs and sports events. Since Sunday night there's been virtually nothing else on the news channels. When television does this, it creates its own alarm as climate, no matter how we're sharing on air, tele-trails to be. And then it goes on and on. The National Hurricane Center forecast thankfully was laser-luck in attack recede. That's right. Nevertheless, Channel 4 is Brian Norcross, Fred did that the tracking model was so accurate that it will fuel a fall sense of security in the future. Although star cross seemed to be genuinely concerned about the safety of people. The security of the hurricane is still watching TV whether reports around the clock. I'm going on to see if there's anything in here. TV also stayed too long at the Hurricane Party right time. It was fairly obvious early Tuesday morning that the greatest danger had passed. Even Tom Jicken was at the end of the fact that he liked that. Before 8 a.m., Channel 10's done. Who's calm, reassuring approach, shown with that shine or stood out reported we're not going to have a major hit. How do you like that? Before 8 a.m., at the end of the day morning, my good buddy, Don, who's the best within a few hours it was becoming a parent. So I thought it was not going to have to endure even a minor hit. Good news is to come great news, Channel 7's glory, Jennings explained it early afternoon. The Marlins have played through worse weather than they are experienced on Tuesday. Nevertheless, coverage continued in the evening. The necessity to fill the air without anything substantial to report resolved in a similar fall. And a familiar fall and said a bunch of crap. The only place anything visually dramatic was happening was at the beach, which officials were trying mightle to keep clear and safe. They're always foolhardy souls who define nature for the thrill of it. But the presence of TV cameras turns the few into the many. At a boy time, we haven't seen all morning long. Tony cigarette oil channels did about early and they wasn't going to encourage these glorious seekers by showing them on the air. Glory whole seekers. However, his staff paid a little heed to him as the beach scores did to police within an hour. WTVJ at shots from several beaches of people tempting faith. Why not? Every other station was doing it. Some were even interviewing the foolhardy. This will only serve to increase such adventurous and next time. Sooner or later, somebody's going to lose his or her life. Try to be seen by the folks at home. It'll be a steep price to fill airtime that doesn't need to be filled. Let's hear it for time, Jika. Oh, god damn it. It's a spice, a spice. Yeah. I too bad he didn't write anything about Al Sancha. Maybe he didn't see that. Oh, I'm going to do another five hours on Al Sancha. I'm refusing to leave today until I have an all-automized system on an asshole he is. Giving people a lecture because they had the audacity to stay open while a summer shining and people were hungry and wanted to buy stuff. How do you like that? You got some fucking nerve man. Mr. Business man to jeopardize the lives of these people and coerced. And he must ask this guy the same question 18 different times. About his employees in the God kept saying, they're here voluntarily. Nobody is here now who wants to be home or does never have all their preparations done. Or whatever, all they're drinking done, whatever. And that was never sufficient. That's asking us to teach at Hock in his arms and Hock in the same craft. Next time that happens, I'm going to tell you right now. We're going to pay somebody to beat the living crap out of him right there on TV. Right on channel 4 news. Live. We'll get Tom Green to bring our crew down. We'll get Humplik to come down. And a big black guy named Ben and just beat the snot on Al Sancha with a guy named Baseball Bad. And the craft. Everybody in town will be like, I'm a little bit more. Too bad it had to be Alan Funt, you know. 26 past noon at 5.60 WCM. I'm Shini Carter looking for a miracle. The former president is trying to push plus in Bosnia. And now Dr. Jeremy Burnham will give us a dramatic reading of pretty fly for a light guy by the offspring. Dr. Burnham. Who know those Chris? Yeah. He needs some cool tunes, not just any of us advice, but they don't have ice cubes, so he bought vanilla ice. Now cruising in his pinto, he sees homey as he taps. But if he looks twice, they're going to kick his little egg. Now he's getting a tattoo. He's getting ink done. He asked for a 13, but they drew a 31. Friends say he's trying too hard, and he's not quite hip, but in his own mind, he's the dopest trick. Give it to me, baby. Give it to me, baby. Give it to me, baby. Give it to me, baby. No. No. I'm going to find 60, don't you, boy. That's the way. By the way, thanks to our buddy, J. Lanick City subs. God, are they good? Oh, man. And they know how to do this, how to send it just the way I like it. You own the same. Just exactly the way I like it. But that all had bread. But nevertheless, Atlantic City subs 30 to be 55 sure it in street in Hollywood. For some of the best damn stuff you've ever put in your portion, they're just great to us. Thank you. All our good friends over there. Where are we going here? We got head goldberg coming up at two from Shula State, too. Today, what you obviously is open. We got the hurt cool hotline, Circus of Clark tonight. Anybody interested in that? Oh, crap. Kimba, both camper 8 to 9 30. Marlins at the Giants. Boy, I'll tell you one thing. Monday, you know what we had today off at everybody was really getting high Providing about hurricane Cliff Lloyd. I bet you we had an audience for that Marlin game. You know, the one that started at noon with the pre game show. You could have fit in the phone booth and had room for the guy named Laos Shinarmi in there. Nice gone, Greg. Wait, wait. I think they only need not like 2,000 more were still never good. People to sign up for that WNBA team in Miami. They needed 5,000 and some of the got like 3200. I think they're never going to get it. But if they do, let's carry the WNBA here on QA. Right in the middle of daytime. Here's Miami. Hello. Me, oh, I guess I'm sorry. Great. I left an African on Monday that doesn't even be clear the whole state of Florida disaster area. Yeah, we already knew that before the storm. We were going to hit. Right. And I also Brian Norcross trying to be the big shot. They paned over to them or switched over to them. And he put down the phone saying, oh, I was talking to Dan. Hold on. I saw that. I was watching him. And he put down the phone saying, oh, that was Dan Ratter for CBS. And now you know why Dan was hyperventilating. Well, it's night. Of course. Brian got them all worked up. And the only reason why Brian Norcross is so big. Like he is, is because he was the only station that was kept on during Andrew. Right. He was going to blown off. Yeah. And now that these people, until one of these reporters dies being out there in a middle of the storm. Yeah. It was started by Norcross again. One of their reporters. Right. On the van. On John, John. John is running around out there, bitch, and those people out for jeopardizing life and limit of it a little bit. That's what started all. Until one of these reporters, this is a life for gets seriously seriously injured. They're not going to stop. I'll tell you who's the worst at that is the weather channel. I mean, they do that constantly. Because they cover the whole country. Of course. So anytime there's a bad storm of any kind, they got some poor Bay usually Jim can't tolerate. They must hate him like poison. Some guy out there would have got them trench coat in the end with the umbrella. I'm just getting just the wind is blowing the guy's practically in the water. The guy's practically in the water. And that's the idea of covering the storm. So all these channels had a personal reporter in the Bahamas and math on the middle of all this. Yeah. And report. Yeah. You know, all the wind is picking up and we're in the rain. That's really been to this. When you send your people to the Bahamas, even with a what is good. There's good. Okay, pal. Feel it. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm so glad to call them out the time. Jick at column. Pretty damn good time. I would hear about that spring rating book and the FCC fine. No, that's okay. We don't want to get any publicity here on QA. And because after all, I would be bad. Well, I mean, the guy only works here like part time fill in for his race track, but he had capllents, but I'm not a race track buddy. So we sure want to talk about fat and healing more. You know what we're saying? Uh-huh. Good. Here's Carl Spring. Hello. Great. Well, so I got to complain about those police that were out there. I'm going to have taxes. What do we have it? You know, I'm those kids who are just trying to have fun. I did a Hawaii and kids out there have switched in ways to do five times higher. If we don't give in tickets. That's right. You know, I guess I want to have fun in this town. What do we do that? Yeah. What is watershed? You know, we're wasting tax dollars. And like I said, I feel really guilty because yesterday I was getting sucked into all the Hyper-Droid waterdale about people jeopardizing their lives as if there was some big storm coming. And as soon as I walked out to do, I felt like an idiot because I walked out of here to my car and a sunny shining and I know it's a terrible day. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to go to the beach myself. A minister. Okay. God bless you. We apologize, profusely. All those people that were just out there trying to ride it okay in a few waves too. A bunch of bullcraft, a bunch of fascist porkers that we got around here. You got nothing better to do. I'm surprised. Now sunshine wasn't leading the pork brigade. At arresting people that were tried open in business yesterday. I mean, we had a hurricane warning. Maybe somebody's somebody who's a little more familiar with the law? It can explain us to me. But when you have a hurricane warning, is that equivalent to like an emergency? You know what I'm saying? A state of emergency. Did they declare a state of emergency? Like officially? I don't know. I don't know. I don't have to do that to have the evacuation way. I don't know how that works. But it would seem to me that in a less state of clear or state of emergency and they mandate that everybody closed their businesses, they got no business done. You're going to be open or not. You open up your business. I want to come in and buy some goddamn batteries or buy a goddamn pizza or whatever. That's my business. Like prostitution. You want to study your ass? What the hell is that government? What's the business? Dick and their nose in it? You know what I'm saying? Right there are other body parts. By the way, how's that prostitution ring in the Kendall, come along? There was a five-year-old girl's. Here's Pepper Pine, Jello. Hello, yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, I woke up about this morning about nine o'clock. I was in the prison suds and they said the thing was coming back. It's making a huge turn. Uh-huh. And it's coming back about like 7,000 miles now. Uh-huh. And uh... Okay. Okay. That's the first real problem. Have you listened to that show, okay, sir? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Wireless line. I must be one of Rick's. Do you run a wall, buddy, huh? Here's Miami Beach, Chelo. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. My name's B.S. Gisbal. I think I got that. And I'm not talking about P.L. No, no, no. Thank God. Oh, no, no. Good. I have called you before from Chicago. But what I have to say now is this very important. It's more important than life and death. Really? Yeah. Okay, Bob. I'm doing an AT&T. I know. I know someone very important named P.L. Yeah. And I was very surprised that you did not know this. I've never heard of anybody named P.L. Uh, John Wayne's last wife was named P.L. Oh, my God. Are you serious? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. No, no, no, no, that's not Marion Wayne that you're talking about. Is real name was Marion John Wayne? Uh, yeah. John, I mean Marion. I mean John Wayne. And one of the we all know him. Born in 19th. This is real name is Marion. Yeah, Marion. You're right. Yes. Yeah, Marion Morrison. That's right. Right. There you are. His last wife just before kicked off. And he used to like to dress up by her too. But anyway. Yeah. And she just got Marion. I guess he was a P.L. I was right in that family. Her name was P.L. Yeah. Oh, I'm so glad that we found out that there actually was somebody else. I said, the guiding light wouldn't make up something like that. No. I didn't make this up. No, no, not you. I'm talking about guiding light. I guess we need to lie. Yeah, right. That's why we're stuck there. That's when they got it. I guess excellent. OK. And I got one more thing to say. Yes, Bob. I went down to next the other day. Right. I went on a Wednesday. They do not give a discount on a Wednesday. They give it on Monday and Tuesday. I hate to break you that news. But what do you mean? How is that possible? I don't. That's what I asked them. How I I says I've been listening to Neil Rogers for the last four years. I got to write you on my copy in front of me two days and Wednesdays with a newness for a year almost two years now. I don't know how to break this to you. But I went down there on. I don't know. I got a question of breaking it to me. You better break it to them. I said it better break it to our sales. I got to be. Or maybe break their legs. And they're broken into a million pieces with them. And I haven't carried on. So they finally gave me the discount. But they told me to come on Wednesday for the discount anymore. One day and Tuesday. Okay. We're not going to straighten out with John Pena. We were assuming that. Thank you Bob. It was a really convenient stock until you did. Okay. Okay. I think you just being a jack-in. Although it wouldn't surprise me. No one. It's 1240 by the way. We had any communication from our sales department today. About any of these things. No. No. None. Zero. Have we even seen any of them? No. So listen. Goody two shoes. Screw in our sales manager. Don't come wandering in here. Some morning again. Like your famous and do it about 1.23 months. And ask me, oh, hi, how's everything going? We missed you so much in your vacation. Don't give you that crap again. You know how things are going. Same as always sweetheart. Your people are famous for at least being consistent. Doing nothing. Service doesn't exist here. Just give us the. I can money. That's our model here at Q. I am. Give us the money. Don't expect no service. Don't expect no results. We just watch your money. Okay, because we're big shots and Greg wants to put another notch in his back. Home felt. 241 at 5. 60 WQM. Oh, God. Good morning. All David had to blow a hell with feeble. Con. And then walked in the street and saw a new restaurant outside the restaurant. A sign red where silence is golden. What kind words come with dessert? Chariocie decided to have lunch there. He was shown to a beautiful table with a white table. Cartham Freshcut flowers and was greeted by a very lovely Wancers. She simply been to smile and ready to pen and pad. I'll have the stew. He said she took his order and nodded politely and returned with his meal. During lunch, he fought about the rest of the course unique. So when he had finished, the Wancers just had taught the dessert menu. At that moment, though, we began to feel quite ill. No dessert for me. He said, holding his stomach. What can I still get some kind words to which the Wancers politely responded. You look like a very nice man who likes to keep happy and healthy. So what do I need to stew? This is David Anciboy with Seval Connors. Well, 45 to 5.50 WKM. He had a little bit of throubbusting rain in the Northeast. Look at that Philadelphia. On New York more. Boston's going to get a walk away. He's the lead. Redway stolen on it. Rich, but they're getting all kinds of rain. Why because of the hurricane did we get any? No. But if you were open for business yet, it's back to you know something. If you're open for business today, God is going to get you, baby. Because Al Sunshine's pretty porked off about it. And I just dropped a guy to impeach it tomato on my shirt here. And I look like a real slob. Okay, just like I usually do. Oh, look at that. I'm munged. Am I upset about that? No. No, because the subs are so good. God. Atlantic City subs is like, it's the next damn thing. The next best thing to do, God, you know. Don't forget that. John, penis you ever seen again about that thing. In next since we'd be the last one. So no. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. Why was wine? Here's a lady in Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Mr. Roger. Yes, man. Thanks for coming in yesterday. It was a great surprise. And also, thanks for your realistic comment. He's in my way. They're out just because of a little bit of wind and rain. I never thought so I expected it. No, I'm not really late. And then I tried. I thought you are not coming in. Of itself. It's a lovely run. Well, even on your kipper, I'm sure. Yeah, fantastic. Thanks so much. And it really gave me a lot of comfort. I think is the same to many other people. What I wanted to ask you in the mid 60s. All right. And all together in Miami, Harold. Yes. About seating. Oh, I mean, back when was like almost a real newspaper, yeah. It was in the Miami, Harold, about seating hurricanes. And I think silver bromide. I'm not sure which chemicals. And then in my life rate. Pardon? Yeah. And then they were also stating that many foreign countries are against it. Because the direction could be reversed against them. And last night on radio, there is art bills. Oh, crazy person. Yeah. Sort of fiable. He put a rubber room. He said a caller talking about a movie. The big storm. And all about talking about manipulating storms. Yeah. Do you think they've changed significantly? No. And he's a sort of fiable person. He belongs in a rubber room in a straight way. Yeah. But as I mentioned to you, I got his not paranoid, though. It was not. I think a little, a little men from Mars at a one day to start at the circle. Yes. I'm talking. Okay. We got to say no to art bill. But there is no, no such seating. But I was reading an art hitting in the mid 60s. Yeah. That's what you said. And a lady also called in on a radio show at that time. Okay. Well, so I think we got a bad connection. 560, pound 560 on the ATT. Well, listen, it's the only way I could get rid of her. She was never going to say goodbye. I mean, I appreciate all the sucking around. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. First part for my being here yesterday, but that's what they pay me for. You know, not that I was all like such. Oh, I'd buy the way to think about the battery voice. That's started really frost my ass a little bit. Did I ever hear one word anymore from kid and I ever realized they're going to say, Oh, well, what do you worried about? It's thought for two more months now. I'm not going to wait for two more months, dog. I'm going to get something in my hand and the tickets too. How do you like that? Kind of even fine. I wish that I was supposed to go much less than any tickets. And if this turns out to be another bunch of crap from Gregory Benjamin Reed, I'm going to read a B-side card. Because if there's one thing that that man knows, it's that he specialized in it. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Are you down to that great? Yes, sir. I just wanted to say thanks to Hurricane Floyd for all the hype. For me and all the rest of the process servers and date bar and Palm Beach County, we had the best day yesterday ever could be because there's so everybody home from work. It was nice to go find all those people out in your board number houses so we could serve. Oh, right. Get the hell out. Great. Including one dead bees who told me I couldn't serve them because the building had declared a state of emergency. So, to the judge, I got one of the first data emergency right about that. Anyway, thanks Floyd. Looking forward to the next one. Okay, nice going sir. Let's go get him. Yeah, the governor did, of course, do we pay any attention to the governor? No, so if you wanted to be open at your business. I'm surprised that Alcantra didn't mention that. Let's get back to Alcantra again. Shall we? For another four or five hours. And repim a well deserved big fat pimple disgusting smelly ass. God. You know, somebody is somebody somewhere must have a tape of that. Every person in this town before they stick your ass in the ground, you must see that four or five minutes. It was the most catastrophic, the most grotesque, the most unacceptable piece of so-called journalism in the history of mankind. Just brow beating and terrorizing and abusing and art don't you feel bad and don't you feel responsible and don't you feel guilty and what's going to happen if, boy, desperate man. You people at Channel 4, no wonder Angela's always going, like that. No wonder. The rumor has it that if they didn't get that Fed bitch Oprah on there, they would shut the whole goddamn thing down is what I hear. That's what Bob Socker told me. Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Dale. Yes, sir. Maybe you can get that. Who said that? Does he shame on you? That's not Alcantra. Yeah, so last time I checked it, tell sunshine. Oh, well, I always feel a fit on myself. On himself. He should be standing in front of a big mirror. Hey, Tommy. Right. Excellent. Good points. Very good. See, they don't even know who he is because nobody watches Channel 4. That's who it is, ladies and gentlemen. That's Alcantra. Shame on you. Shame on you for being open today on a day when a sun is shining and nothing is going on. And nothing is going to happen. Because Mayor Pinguah said that he's very disappointed that people are hyperventilating and filming it tomorrow. Just because he said they ought to be. So I hate to break the news to you, Mayor Pinguah. But the people have been on the merits of the higher high and long before you were born. They were on the merits of the higher high. In his tongue. And then in LA. And then, of course, that's why I had to come right in back here where there's tell between his legs because they booted them out of there. And he had to come back here to the scene of the original crime and try to do some more. Like put over that guy that penny sales tax, which everybody of course said. Oh, two vehemently. You said that just because you got one man to get a stand in there, our former friend. And there are still high and white nobody's friend that people are going to listen to you, man. You've got to be kidding me, man. I think it's just because he's a professional Cuban at the Cuban all their every time they look at you. They laugh. Look at her own. Look at her own. Every time they see you, man. All you got to do if you're driving anywhere, did County roll a window down here. Look at her own. They must be looking at the mayor. Or send me a message. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Play the studio. I just like to express my utter disgust on this wannabe we have here. Broward County that calls himself a sheriff. Yeah, the man that put the BS in the BS. I mean, did you happen to see him when what they call the emergency operation center? Yeah, I saw him. And he grabbed and he personally put two people out of a trailer park. One man for walking his dog. Yeah. And another elderly man with an leukemia. Yeah. He made his former daughter or a comment take him out and bring him to a hospital. I don't know how he's been lying from Ken Jenny was when he said it's a lie. I am not. That was my fear. I laughed my ass off. And he told him if they didn't leave he personally would write because I'm in some excitation. Yeah, I'm impressed. Nice guy. Yeah, him and he ever see him in the hair bond during the other by the way. What I was going to ask you, have we seen a resemblance between he looks like a mom and a Joseph Gackie. Right. Good point. Or Joseph Kerbles. One of the other. I hope they have a great day, sir. Joseph. Jrbel's is that what he said? Jrbel's. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T line. And don't forget. Joseph Gackie sucks. Okay. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. I'm sorry. My husband works in a supermarket. Uh-huh. They were open all day yesterday. He went to work at his normal time from 40 midnight. And the customers in there were thanking him for being there. Right. Of course. So, in closing, I'll sunshine blow this. Nice job, sweetheart. Thank you. We should have had a minute calls like that today. Okay. Leave it to me as usual. I'm the emotional one in this time. The rest of the people are a bunch of jellyfish. Yeah. We should have had 50 million calls from people that went out and bought things yesterday. And let me say it. Thanks to my people at the Amaco station. We're great folks there, by the way. On a sunrise by flamingo. Thank you for keeping a food Mart open. The tide me over there for a couple of hours. So we went to Albertson. And thanks to Albertson. For being a supermarket that really does stay open 24 hours. There was no emergency yesterday. There was no excuse for anybody to be closed up yesterday. That's there to serve the public. That's there for stuff that we need. You know, it's bad enough that on the guy Dan Goyer Shahalada is these places closed down or doors shut. New years day and Christmas day. Every time some excuse comes along. Then all of a sudden they become real pious and divine religious and it closed up the old 24 hours. So even if you're starving to for some substance for something. Oh, no. Sorry. We can't open today. It's a devout holiday. That's so much a bullcreft. There ought to be a law that supermarkets are open every guy Dan day. Just like there ought to be a law that not only do they have to have a guy Dan expressly, but in expressly not only no checks, but also no credit cards, no not a bullcreft. There's nothing worse than getting in the express lane with your 11 items, pretending to be 10 or whatever it is. And trying to think you're going to get out of there in hurry. And it says no checks. How about cash only and none of this vouchers. Everybody now's got some kind of a guy Dan Cardio. They're swiping it and they're wiping it and they're sticking it back to that too. Express means express. I know it's a foreign language here in his town, but how about some service huh? I'm not some real service for the public. Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot where I was for a second. 12 especially here at this station. Service is that in our vocabulary by the way? No. We have 20 dictionaries in the building and if you look at any of the words services been removed, it's been blacked out. Not whiteed out, blacked out. Oh, by the way, Schroger said because morning this morning, and thank you. And she also said, you know, Paul Cash for no luck. He's an asshole. 1256 and 560 WQAM. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so amazing. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so incredible. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so wonderful. He's so beautiful. There are lovers, those get a little cute guy and gang Don't give them that shit And Q civilized door, Public Daily If I think that we should And shocked, bring some baby Make them fair, I hate I swear with that gay 1 3 and 5 52 WCOMOS what were the, uh they're giving Ashley Known advice we're using nonct Her, Kay and how did you like that? There may be hourly now. 30.1 north is the latitude 79.1 west is longitude. It's 245 miles south of Murdoch Beach, South Carolina. It's moving 125 miles an hour. The pressure is 946 millibars, which means, well, that's why you've got 125 mile hour maximum wind instead of 155. And it's still moving north north west at 14 miles an hour, but more and more north all the time. More and more north all the time. Looks to me like north Carolina is going to get, Jan, huh? Let's hear it. Not that we don't like you people up in north Carolina too much, but better you than us. We'll send you some of batteries, okay? And it will be in the water and sense them up there. Hey, they're used to it. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's Miami sure is, hello. New. Yes, sir. I want to tell you about the Dunkin Donuts being open on Miami Beach. Yeah. It's so crazy because you're only seeing that the cops will arrive and if they're stupid, don't tell them. I'm sorry, because they're poor. They're poor. That was great. That was the greatest call of the year. Okay. It's a hit with an S. 567, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. So they don't get donuts, probably the one I wrote was open there, you know? You don't want to get those donuts too soggy, but nevertheless, got to keep a big smile on the upper floor. Here's Miami, hello. You bring some shine to my day. I can't tell you. It's a polite and a nice day. Yes, sir. The lady's like, well, I don't know about an hour. I was saying that if you lay in the mud next to the alligator, nothing will happen to you. There were many in 1926 skills over 600 people in South Florida and there were no high rises. Oh, I know. If you think the media have made what they owe it to here, I mean the English picking media. You would have to listen to the Cuban radius. I can't even begin to imagine that. They have preventing the sunishion. The worst words then that he was really a home believable. And Mayor is not Mayor, what you call this, Mayor can get that. Yeah. You know, it's really right. You're cruel with him though, because he's not a bull that wrong. The reversible that room. Okay, him and Ricky Martin. He's a good catcher. Bottom feeder. Okay, thanks. I wanted to walk you, bitches. Okay, see you. Bye. Kind of like Babe Ruth. 560, 505, 60, 1050, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Now the effect the same was telling me that they tried to hook up Jordan night and Ricky Martin and they got into a bit of fight about the bottom. So they decided to go together to Jim at bitter bottom's place. Here's a tamarack, hello. You know, yes sir. I want to ask your question. Wait a minute, I wanted to go one of the weather channel guys with his blue rain, the treacherous up there in Charleston, South Carolina, almost getting blown away on a year. I think when Mayor Pena stands in front of the TV cameras, we know what he's trying to accomplish. Since year next year on ratings and so forth, what do these local TV stations mean? In either money or ad or fures or career moves or whatever, appearing with Dan Rather. What would it be like? Well, what do you mean by career moves? Look at the Mr. or cross. He became not just the weather fairy. He also became a news anchor. It made all kinds of demand. Got himself a lot more money. That's what they're all hoping for. They're hoping to be there in the middle of the big one. So somebody will notice them. They'll get a lot of publicity. And now all of a sudden they're a star. Look, look at all the people coming to OJ trial. And all of a sudden like John, what does they want? MSNBC Gibson and all these other people, great of unsusster. Eva Brown, all these people. Do you believe these local stations do exploit it? If that like this for their own personal business? Of course, you bet. That's what they're all about as exploitation. You know what the key is? Whenever there's an event on like a word show or a football game or whatever. These stations and they all do it. They all use those crawlers across the bottom of the screen. They do them for the 11 o'clock news. They're perhaps going to be promoting because they want to lead in audience. Oh yeah. So if it's not about money, what is it about? Well listen, every one of these channels had like on channel 10, which we had on all the yesterday because of our insistuous relationship. Plus I like to know. But anyway, the crawler crossed it up. Live, local, late break. I mean, you talk about crash and commercial. How about dropping at crap just one time? You know, you got your logo on there. We can see whether it's 7 or 10 or whatever it is. We know what we're watching. And the stop being so goddamn crash and commercial that I can't do it. Do you think they're able to do that more and stuff for it because of the transit nature? No, they do it everywhere. You know, they take, they take, there's some new people here all the time. No, they do it everywhere. The media is at the warehouse. All right, thanks. I have everything. In fact, like I said, so many times, if Tanny Faye had to be the one to say, The media is sick and they talk bad. If she had to be the one to tell you, what does that tell you about the whole deal, huh? God. Look at that thing moving. They're a straight north now. I just saw that last move up there was a darted toward the Carolinas. Look at that. Oh, man, that thing is going to go smashing into North Carolina like Grant for Richmond, man. Woo! Take a puke at that. Now, the problem with this, wind-wise, of course, is very bad because we've got extensive damage for category three, almost extreme for a strong three. And right now, we don't think it's going to change much in intensity before landfall. That couldn't weaken a little, but we do have the goals training right off shore. And we think that might keep it as a strong category three all the way to the coastline. Time frame, as I just mentioned to you, later tonight, I really am on that course of the pins also on exactly where it makes landfall along the coast because the coast angles up toward the northeast. Yes, you'd have to problem when you stick it out like that in North Carolina. Now, see, Florida is like way, way west of the eastern shore of North Carolina. They're sticking it out there. Sometimes when you stick it out, you got real problems, man. Get blown away. It's a nine minutes after one at five, 60 WQMH. You know what I'm talking? If you can't get enough of the likes of Dr. Laura, how about this? Well, there's nothing but those syndicated self-help talks to us to help you agonize 24 hours a day. I mean, please turn it off and say, stupid, all the dr. radio. We knew you'd be excited. And they'd be doing tonight, especially Dr. Dr. Laura. Dr. Wil, Dr. Sue Dr. Sue Dr. Sue Dr. Sue Dr. Sue Dr. Dr. Dr. Doodle and Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Wil can Dr. T. And wrap it up with footage by Dr. Sue. Where you here on? Hey, you're still not that stupid. All Dr. Radio. Hey, if you think you're already sitting. Oh, stations, you're doing nothing but music. Well, you don't know. Yeah, because we're going to put you over the edge. And let it all on. All Dr. Radio. Oh, look at this. The movie advisory. Like every two minutes it's coming up with another one. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. But want to clock advisory. We'll have a 15 advisory in a 125. I didn't even look up fast enough to see that. Here's a fact that asked kind of an interesting question. What does it mean when a hillbilly has dual pouring down both sides of his mouth? Answer the trailer is level. Not too bad. Especially when at storm, we're going to hit North Carolina. Nothing but a bunch of young who's in the Cubans up there. Is there any difference by the way? No. Sorry for being redundant. 56050560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and zephyl. Hello. Hey, now how you doing? Pretty good. Last night I was listening to CBN, the Pat Robertson and he asked us to pray for the storm. And when I got up the storm, the storm, the hurricane. Yeah. And when I got up the storm, I noticed the projected path was right over North Forest. Headquarters are and I feel my prayers were answered. Great. Excellent. Yeah. And I'll pray for you. Show them the amount of material. And thanks for the good news. And I'll pray for them. 560505050. Let's pray for all the go and come on. Let's do an L. Let's pray for all the farbiz of the go and we're going to convert the world so we can be all as just as ignorant and primitive as they are. And take into stone age. This overhead, by the way, is something that's strange with it. Have you noticed? I know you haven't noticed it because you're sitting in there. 560 maybe it's just me. Maybe it's at 20th sandwich that put me over the edge. But I love this stuff. Oh, Atlantic City subs. God bless you people. God. I mean, there's some stuff that's good. And then there's stuff like this that just makes you feel like you had an orgasm on your tongue so to speak. 560505060 on the AT&T Wallace line. That's what Brian said. Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. Talk to all the go. Hello. Yes. Me, oh. Yes, man. Yeah. One good thing came out of all this. Yes. No, no turn-pike cold. Uh-huh. Why is that a good thing? Oh, so we're on the turn-pike. We don't have to be. Yeah, yesterday I can understand that. But why today? I mean, isn't the sun shining today? It's sun shining. It's beautiful. Right. That's our government for you. And you understand, is it going to lose a lot of revenue? And they're going to say, oh, like, you know, the storm crossed this a lot of revenue. And now we're going to have to raise your tax. They're not just going to lose all this money. They're going to be able to find some way to squeeze it out of us. Of course. Crazy people. Okay. So I know. Good luck. I couldn't believe that you could not know where the goddamn feathered, but I was there this morning. I saw yesterday, and it was fully expected. And you know, it makes sense. You know, no, the tool takers working over there. We're skiing their lives and those stupid boots with the glass, etc. Remember what happened to the suning on the causeway? That's right. But today, today, the thing that it would be possible that they're not operating in the goddamn toll boots. And then they are pink. I'll be on there again on Friday. Oh, gee. We're short on. We don't know where we're going to get the money for the transportation. And we'll have to have another election. And what are we going to do? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. What else line? Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. I don't know who to trash for. Channel 7 or may your ping go ahead. Okay. Well, Samel. All right. Thank you. Channel 7. If you look at their graphics now, the storm is still sitting off of Miami. Even though it's battering stuff, Carolina. Right. So, we're going to have to put it on the coast of like Miami and West Palm Beach. It hasn't moved at all. The eye of the storm is east of Georgia. Yeah, I know, but if you look at Channel 7 when they do their new thing, it's still sitting off our own way. Maybe they're trying to bring it back. I think they are. And it may have hurricane. The storm is way far away. And he's still telling everybody in Miami. Oh, you know, we're not going to do anything until five o'clock. We could be experiencing severe weather. Yeah, it's not incredible. I love it. He was so heartbroken that people weren't psychotic because he told us to. Yeah. And Roland's said, I'm, it's God. I'm sorry Neil. You're not the only one. Okay. Love you. See you. Like. What does that mean? She's got a crush on Roland's. Well, I don't have no crush on Roland's. Instead of, okay, so we don't, whatever that means. I said he did a very good job and he did. Not as good as Don. No, but he was very good. And even Miss Callollar and Channel 7. I thought I'm Billy Boy. Is that what the column Billy Boy? Oh, Billy something. 560, 5060 on a, um, 18 in T wireless line. I thought Roland's been to the great job. But then there was a little putoff on somebody called in J.D. yesterday the Monday. He was carrying on about God in the Lord and praying. It's some crap like that. Which maybe did I made it up? Maybe that was Brian doing a voice. Here's North Miami. Hello. How are you? Great. Great. Just a couple of things. Me or Pingo about his expertise in. We already know he's an expert in hurricane. And also remember now archaeology. Remember about the circle. Hmm. And also, murdering circle he knows about it's called a circle. You're a sense we're in. And you remember the murder investigation. The Kulana is an expert in murder investigation. Right. But not this. But not David Colton. The last couple of days though from the local people. Brian North Cross on Monday. I guess he was upset that the track showed it taking the current turn. He was talking to Max Mayfield from the hurricane center. Yeah. He read it. He reminded him that he was wrong last year about hurricane George. It's a little it's a little term when the wind in the keys. And he reminded him you know you were wrong last year when you tracked. In other words, you just trying to say hey, I hope it really kind of comes this way. Later on Monday night. I'm sorry the lady like you all said. I'm but he's in the world. Because I know Neil he said on Monday night. He turned to the camera very seriously. And he looked out and he said. Folks. I'm afraid we're staring down the bell of a cannon and directly at us. Now Mr. Nondheye. Mr. you know this is a person supposed to be calming us right. And then yesterday Mr. Rick's fan cheers. After everything was over and the storm was moving up to. Out of the coast and everything and he was showing a traffic jam from Central Florida. Rick's fan cheers says it's a camera. Folks, there's no need running away from it because the storm is so big that it knows where you're going to. Yeah. Unbelievable. That was profound. Okay. Have you ever done a lot of you said? What are they talking about over there on channel 7? We're that talking about women. 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Why was long? We're rolling along. We made it. We survived it in spite of all the doom sails. All the doom and gloom people. It's part of the fastest yesterday. You're going to screw up your good time even more than usual. And let me say it again. Al Sunshine the interesting part of it is most of these people don't even know who he is. They're saying, oh is that that the Chubby guy that's always waving those hamhacks and acting like an asshole on shame on you? Yeah, that's the asshole. That's the guy. We all know. He's an asshole. He ought to shadow of a doubt. In fact, you know something? How come it took me? It's only being based on his last guy's suggestion. It took me this long to do it. Yeah. One more for Jimmy. I want to tell you a story about the brand new world's big enough. Oh, oh. And it's a brand new story about the brand new world's big enough. Oh, yeah. His name is Al Sunshine. And he's the new world's big enough. Oh, right. I think I'm just going to do that the rest of the show. Just keep playing that over and over again. He is serious. I'm just blown away. The hurricane was supposed to blow us away. That didn't happen. But I'm blown away by his performance yesterday. At least 20 years for overacting. I mean, the interrogation, the guilt trip, the whole of the, the gothima thing there that he whatever that thing was that he did. He died in burrowing. You're a jackass. Al, you're an idiot. You're a goddamn dyno sore. Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Mobile in homestead. Hello, my own. Yes, sir. Sounds like you. Yeah. Yeah. Have to know. What do you mean? Yeah. Anyway, my comment is on this. I'm definitely on the news anchor. Mm-hm. We've got this. I'm a channel for definitely. It's got to be the worst news station ever seen in my life. It is. They even had the gack and the dunil later. And that guy looks like he's been, was he a victim of hero Schema or something? Yeah. He was sewn together. Mm-hm. And, uh, from head. He's horrible and, uh, Angela, uh, Rae or whatever her name is. Don't have her no lip. Definitely don't give her no lip. A lot of Dale. He looks like he, uh, is got a bunch of formalizing for an man. Christie Krueger with those cross-site. And Tony's the grotto. And the other one, they definitely suck my closing comment is, definitely like, uh, man, it's Tony and Miami, Tony and a banana report. Okay, pal. That's it. That's what he says. Oh, my God, this place. Just for a real newspaper, what we would give for like some real, uh, news people on there. Even though he was stiff and he was boring and he was dull and he was like, uh, Rao for redneck boy. Those of you who are a little bit of a lot of enough to remember old Rao for redneck. And even dig, uh, bull-dike and bishop. At least you looked at her. Yeah, and not right after a meal. You looked at her and you thought, well, here's somebody that maybe she's got some idea what she's talking about, you know. She doesn't go to take any crap. She's not just some other quiz-ling that's hanging on for a job. That's what Sandy said. Here's a mobile and baby, hello. Neil, God, yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you why in our class was still pathetic. He was, uh, hyperventilating and getting all everybody in a panic. I even tease a tease someone about it and they get all upset every time I do. And that's, uh, that doesn't look wrong. What does that mean? What? Whatever you just said. Okay, listen, have a great day. 560, 50, 550, 560 on the AT&T wireless long. Along. Here's a mobile in the Miami Beach, hello. And you're doing Neil. Okay, sir. I was calling, how come, uh, no one's mentioned anything in regards to, uh, God having anything to do with, uh, sending the trough, no one's called regarding that because I've missed, uh, right now that's the people in the, the Advocacy Islands and see what they have to see. Yeah, no, exactly. It's one thing I would tell my wife because she's still, you know, she's still religious. I'm not, oh, I'm, thanks to you, you know, well, thanks to you and before that actually. But I was telling her, like, I was telling her, how could, if God is so powerful, you know, I'm the, and whatever you want to call that, you know, as a part of doing whatever he wants. He's sending such a, well, not sending or making, but I'm going to be allowing this, this storm to develop so big that can and possibly, you know, could have destroyed basically if they would have hit us, it would have destroyed us. Because he likes teasing us a lot. Yeah, I like the fire. He's a sadistic God. It's always doing these things. Well, I just wanted to throw that out there. If he did, it's, you know, I want to, I want to call in and now you got your wrong crowd for that, sir. Thank God. Have a great day. Good one. Have bless you. We're praying for you. Okay. We're praying for you. Like I said, those kids out there in Denver could have been a lot worse, but God was looking out for, for most of them, not for all of not for that school teacher. And after that girl, I said, she believed in God. Oh, he didn't, he didn't get it in time. Now Superman, he could intercept into bullet. But God, he works a little bit slowly because he's busy, but none of them might put ball. 56050560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 126 at QAN. Oh, man, what's the width you'll go from a spoco? I'm the power to tell you, and I'm dead. Not some kind of doctor, dammit. But if you don't want to be dead, then you don't smoke. I just put the proper rickshaw, sir. You'll never die. That's where I come in. Dammit. With my new chain of exercise facility. That's all, the yeast edge chip. Oh, by the way. Tells you, there is lives, his tanks were the dive in this. Now reminds me of one other thing. But ever a yeast edge chip, we feature an Olympic pass, who, in the sheathed edge chip. That's where you provide a firm hand on your head to test your underwater breath and skills. If you don't want to wind up looking like Nemo, that's what that point did. You made yourself right in. Do the dead chip. Dammit. 131 at 560WCM. Pete the chronic export-out facts is me some pretty interesting crap. Where does an Irish family go on vacation? A different bar. Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a retarded baby? They named him something wrong. What would you call it when a Titan has one arm shorter than the other? A speech impediment. What does it mean when a flag at the post office is flying at half mass? They're hiring. Why aren't there any Puerto Ricans on Star Trek? Because they're not going to work in the future, Rita. Did you hear about the dyslexic rabbi? He walks around saying, yo, oh, what do you call an Alabama farmer with a sheep under each arm? A pimple. Why did rabbers education classes in redneck schools use the corole on Mondays Wednesdays in Friday? Because on Tuesday and Thursday the sex head class uses it. What's the difference between a Southern zoo and an Northern zoo? A Southern zoo has got a description of the animal on the front of the cage along with the recipe. How do you get a sweet little 80 year old lady to say, oh, the F word? Get another sweet little 80 year old 80 year old 80 year old, the L. Bingo. And what's the Cuban national anthem? Roll, roll, roll your boat. All right. That's a fine. Well, sold to you. Some of us, uh, Gringo is being overman. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless. Thanks, you people, see in a couple of years. Here's a mobile in Toppo. Hello. Like I said, there's Josh Friedman. We'll spend in a couple of seconds. Mobile in Toppo. Hello. Why did he close the door on the, uh, way he's on the inside? Why is that? This is, this is what he does. No, it's closed the door with he won the outside. That's the way it works. No, it's not a joke. It's serious. Left on the outside. Close the door with you on the outside. 560, he's still standing there. Josh Friedman is standing in the doorway on the inside. Okay. He haven't only didn't get the message. See a Josh. Bye. See ya. Out. Out. How do you? I'll take it personal unless you want to. Oh, God. It's too late. See ya. You have a pair of colorful windows. It's with new wears. You want this, stuffy? You want this too. You're shoutat. You wanted that too. Jerkfuls, hey hey. What's up, Peter? This guy is so loud. The good thing is to sing in the back of the moon. One of those Roy tomatoes that were Bon Year. In the middle of the Eip charts. You want to sweaty over there, but calling the lord a long time ago, why is he talking about the inside of sultemi? Did you see me? Yeah. Well. And hey, I think that's the earth behind his back. One of them. Ut  on the Pier. 0.560, POM-560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing great? Nice joke. Have I come to the office? Yeah. You can be yeah. In. Okay great. They're going through all right. Call one of the sports nerds shows. Okay Jack has. And to show you what great sports fans we got in this time. Number one to game on Sunday against Arizona, Antsolabia. And number two, they're all calling Hank yesterday instead of saying, Hey guess what? We kicked the crap out of Denver. Wasn't that great? Now instead of that they're bitching about all the announcers who are so prejudiced on the ABC telecast. Same old whining and crying. Same old lack of understanding about anything that really has to do with the game. Just being like a bunch of little babies. Okay that's the sports nerds in this time because they don't really understand it. They don't get it. Here's a mobile and hell and they'll hello. Brian I hope the hurricane comes and renews my contract North Cross. Yeah. Guys I'm unbelievable. Hey listen, you know, I was in a home deep for the other day. Yeah. I want to talk about the biggest assholes. I watched this husband and wife team walk in there and pull two empty carts up next to all where all the concrete screws were for attaching plywood to houses knocked every box into the cart. I'm just heard, paid for it, pulled everyone, making by as many as they want, put out on the corner and set up hurricane supplies here, save time. Don't go to home Oh, no, do go to home depot. I got a lot of home depot stock. Go to home depot. We love home depot boys and girls. Everybody loves home depot. Go there on just give them all your money. To want to get even with these people. Just go pee on their lumber watch it work. 567560 pound 560 on the 18 T. Wilders Fund. See that's the advantage of staying home drinking a lot of beer. It's emergency. As you work up a some wicked leaks. And then you can go and you can pee in your neighbors water all at water that they brought home that they got sitting outside by the garage there. You can pee in their water and you can pee on their lumber too and watch it work. Here's four miles. Hello. Yes, sir. You know why Rick's not just this? Okay, that was four miles like I'm in four miles. Okay, 567560 on your little specs. You know, we're having a wonderful day here today. It's only another 24 minutes. You think we can get through another 24 minutes without a little bunch of silly spick. No. I feel so sorry for this community. Okay. I saw those demographics in the paper today, which I'm not going to waste my time talking about today. I feel so sorry for us. Can you imagine if we had in fact, you know, the convenience store that I was talking about yesterday the Schwarzenegger store, which I didn't make a pit stop and they were open. God bless you. I think they're like Middle Eastern people. And when I walked out of there, I thought, how come we don't have like more Pakistanis and Indian people like to do in Toronto? They're wonderful people, you know? How come we don't have any more fuel in the blanket? Yeah, that's right. Well, it was loud because that last bit the level is down in the toilet somewhere that he's dead, Jim, thing. So is the level on that bit? It's like, yeah. No can't hear. Here's Darrell. Hello. Hey, new girlfriend. Yes, sir. Why it was loud. Well, I'll try it again. Oh, I was too sorry. Listen, if I had a Nick for every guy that says that the office is one of the superpline be a rich man. I'm tired of hearing that every one of you here. Yeah, whenever you're they went to for a new for a game. We're talking superpline. What are front running phonys? What a bandwagon jumpers. You know, listen, I thought the news was only just to for us to be informed about what's going on. No, the news is to make them a lot of money and get his squeeze a big audience and get everybody hysterical. And believe it, when it was actually going through the Bahamas, you know how they had those reporters in the beach on the people saying, oh, this is a very stupid thing to do. People shouldn't be doing it's very stupid. But yes, then they go live to a reporter. They have in the Bahamas. Yeah, who looks like he's going to get blown away into the surf. And he's actually this is 27. They had a lady over in the Bahamas, braving, you know, and when Rick Sanchez was done with the telephone call. I don't know how they did this with the telephone call from the Bahamas. He says that's so and so live from the Bahamas, braving the winds. So why is it braving the winds? We're stupid when we go to the beach. If it's not, don't do as we do, do as we say. If the media does it, then we're being brave and we're being real courageous and being real professionals. But if you do it, you're an outlaw and you know, go to hell. One last thing, I heard you read the article about Jimmy Johnson saying that he got mad at a merciline. Isn't it fair to say that if you think there's a hurricane on its way? Isn't it fair to allow people to at least go home and prepare some what? And after the dangers over, okay, come back and come to work. So why is Jimmy Johnson upset at these people that weren't working when let's say they had the game here at the P.P. Park. They would have canceled it. They would have canceled it and everybody that would get mad about going to the game has big deal. Yeah. You know, but Jimmy Johnson gets mad at people. But he said that there were people there that there were other airlines that were operating and that it was American that just discreet them over. What he said, I believe it. Okay. The American could screw up a way three men. Yeah. Have a good day. Yeah. So you want to say, well, American Airlines, okay, that's our best recommendation. Unless of course you want to be one of the ramps and maybe get some good drugs. Unless you want to go shopping and take a bunch of luggage and see if there's any good stuff in there. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line 21 till 2 if you weigh in. Tranvalando, he's least doing more treatment than just showing him to me. The innocent milk made him sleep in the well. We are not who's your wednesday in our land. Stay away from me! Josh, breathe on! That's how you'll think these funny buddies know Stan Aegean. I'm funny, and he's all good, dear, beee! Josh, breathe on! He's a making skier with a key that I'm belly button and no one finds a found. It is. I'm so fat, he's got six loathears! Stealing wretched by all over the room. There's faithful enough and out his roofing. Just do hold in all that crazy old food. Stay away from me! Josh, breathe on! I think he does. Don't come here, beee! Josh, breathe on! He's coming in, come in! It's so much fun to be here. He's a weak and something called a demon's home. Oh, God, the commercial break just barely started. Like two seconds, the first dance part starts up us playing. Right? I can't even say it, I'm so tanky. And the door opens in there. And again! The anxious one, the smelly one, the obnoxious one, Josh Friedman. We don't want to see a Josh, it's not just you. We don't want anybody hanging around in here. But especially you. I'd rather see Peter Leonard open up the door and stick his head. And I'd rather be dead than see Peter Leonard again. What's doing? What's doing? Hey, how's Pauli Boy? How's Pauli Boy? Hey, what's doing? How's Bob Green? How's Bobbie doing? You know, something I've been doing is 100 years. I've worked in some good places, some marginal places, some really crappy places. This is the most bizarre assemblage of cretons I have ever been surrounded with in my life. In my life. God, where were you? Where were you? And why do you? Here's a riddle for you, okay? Why is WQAM like the mafia? I'll tell you why, because once you get in, there's never a way out. That's right, you're in for a life. They don't fire anybody. They don't, uh, lots and lots of spend somebody. You know, I'll let you in a blue moon to make stuff feel like a real man, you know? I like the girl board up. Yeah, I like the girl board up. Well, that's because she was good looking. She. Here's a mobile in poker, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Great. You know, this Alcenshine idiot. You know, what is an easy manhole? Hey, instead of going after the little guys, the little restaurants, what about the biggest non-essential business that was open yesterday? Blockbuster video. They were open yesterday? Every blockbuster I went by. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Packed. But you think Alcenshine is pretty, that's pretty essential. Isn't that I mean, how a day without blockbuster is today without the, uh, Alcenshine. Hey, you got to have, you got to have your, uh, got to have your videos from the hurricane, right? Yeah, got to have that very pop into video to get you to the day. Hey, and also as far as the tolls go on the turnpike. Yeah. I've been trying to run up and down the turnpike all day enjoying no tolls and all of a sudden, a couple of them, my little sonpats beats in the duck. Everybody else is going through. So, you know, Alcenshine, you're a big asshole, you know, Brian Norcos. This guy is falling. Okay. Oh, that was good. I think this guy's hired a channel for. Oh, my god, this Josh Friedman episode has got me just, uh, speechless, you know? Man, opens up the door and closes it on the, on the, on the behind them and stands there. I'm in the middle of a show and he stands there. And of course, the longer he stands there, the longer he, the aroma is beginning to permeate our entire little room's here and amount of incense. Oh, my god, incense is best. He looks like a product of incense. God. And the aroma has it by the way that the staples are not the staples singers are praying for. Let's put it that way. That's the way it is making a big comeback. Here's Jupiter, hello. Oh, it's my Lord, Neil Rogers. Speaking. All right, so I got two things. Okay. So, I was very 12 years old students, uh, just at the University. Videos, enfim. Yeah, that kind of one thing. Yeah. So I put it that way Jesus knows what John said about Hemp. I remember sound weird, was it three say, powerful and powerful. did. It just picked that train up and carried it. Right. And the other thing about the... I was on sunrise yesterday. I took a look at it. I noticed the sawgrass is still where it was. The other thing, the reason I watched my hands and a bathroom, it's not because of what's in the bathroom, it's where I'd been. I'd had not had a cold in 30 years. Yeah. I'd touch it, shake somebody's hand, or if I white my face, I always use a back of my hand. And if I open a door, you can catch germs. It's only like a waste station. How about a few more gloves? We can clean your hands and last but not least. Yes. Scott Wayne Kennedy, the Palm Beach Butler, you're in that. That's all, okay. You know who that is? The Palm Beach Police talking about? Yeah. We heard from that in the air, right? He's an asshole. Yeah. To say the best. 10 before 2, we shall overcome. Maybe we squeaked on by, we'd done it. And you know, you people over there in the Bahamas? Yeah. Well, I can say again, is it'll teach you to keep ripping off the Americans? Okay. Just don't do it again. You notice how this thing just sneaked out very carefully. You know, did it, Stan McJobiter and there's a message in there for all of you, uh, lunatics into Bahamas. It's quit doing it. I say, let's go to Baloxy. That's what I said. I'll do a show tomorrow on Baloxy, Mississippi. For you, degenerate cameras out there in the QA, I'm not that we haven't. Of course. Speaking of degenerate cameras, you don't have to go to Mississippi. You don't even have to go to Vegas, so all you got to do is hop in your car and go to Hollywood 7 old gaming, which is now called, of course, 7 old Indian casino of Hollywood.