Yeah, is that us? Is that us? That's you. Deposed on vacation, by the way. Anybody know that? Deposed on vacation. Sports radio. 560. WQAM, my amortloader, help withstand the clean. But me, it was your show. They're talking to you. I get all the wrong things. They couldn't be this far. Nobody ever shows home. We're pushing in my amortloader. And then power it in the end. Or I'm going to find six people. You're still following real-time. WQAM. Yes. I think what else on this show, do not necessarily reflect those WQAM. WQAM. Something we did with him. He's over in the B-mint rush-ass wobble. No. M-mint rushers. On some board of radio. 560. You A, now you're a rangers guy. No, it's man-ler. Is that B-mint rush? No, it's man-ler. Is that B-mint rush? Is that B-mint rush? Is that B-mint rush? Is that B-mint rush? Is that B-mints rush? Yes, you're welcome. You are B-mint rush? Yes, I'm welcome. B-mint rush? B-mint rush? B-mint rush? a piece of shit but in thought he has a little bit of desire to live a gathering was that being selfish just don't go to the door one of the people he chose for the people of the was that being selfish and still having a piece of shit a part of a piece of shit a part of a piece of shit a part of a piece of shit a break that calmed down my throat was not silent and the way up there felt it like a piece of shit and it's all about you like a piece of shit and simply got on it like a piece of shit just don't say nothing that shit and the only piece of shit and the only piece of shit and the only piece of shit and the only piece of shit and like scolding bically speaking of that interesting way to start and made me think of the bit which Rams with something in it and the overhead and doing reafunkiy im can unload why did you ask her morning it's only case constructed in about 10 or 15 minutes of Greg Reid being in here going, pappa pappa like that. I discovered that there is like the real world and then there is the world according to Greg Reid. Seriously, our general manager, he's got like his own view and vision of how everything is. And I was expressing to him that it was very frustrating to all of us here, the couple of weeks that we went through with a Super Bowl and the Bums Rarshanet Studio upstairs and he got very defensive and said there was no Bums Rarshanet. The engineer is involved. The engineer is promised him that that was supposed to be done, yad yad yad yad yad and be in this and at the other. And about, you know, we got two sports wires and he's actually working on going out and getting a direct the DSS upstairs. How much why we're getting the DSS upstairs while we were finishing the studio so that when the guys went in there, they had CNN and so I am what ESPN, whatever else they need to be watching up there. So maybe they might have had the Tony Martin story yesterday. And by the way, thanks to the caller one or two we had yesterday called in. Sunday show and gave us a story about Tony Martin being busted. And of course we know that he's innocent because he's gotten not only Roy Black but looks like Johnny Cochrane is going to get involved in this because certainly the race card needs to be played again. Don't you think? Yeah. So you always could feel that somebody must be innocent when they need Roy Black and Johnny Cochrane to come in. But I can't, you know, I'm not going to make any judgment one way or the other but it looks a little bizarre. Don't it look a little bit bizarre? Maybe he just got a bad circle of friends Tony. But nevertheless, we didn't have the news wire that gave us that information or gave the rest of the people information. And if I wouldn't have been for the caller calling here yesterday, we wouldn't have been able to go to the end of the day. I was going to go to the end of the day. But see, there's this thing, the world according to Greg Reed, you write, I never, I never realized that to this degree before my life is that you do things and in your own mind, if you're of his bent of his mental bent, you rationalize that what you're doing is right and that everybody is in a form of paranoia perhaps? No, what is it? Like a mental disease? Yeah. I mean, where you believe that everybody else in the world is wrong, all the people working around you working with you, they're all wrong and that you're doing it, it's paranoia, definitely is. It was an engine in there's plot. It must have been to make him look bad. And to get Hank Benaud to shape and to get me, psychotic and frustrated and to have us have the deal here on Friday with the equipment that didn't work the first hour. That was a beautiful, wow. That was a lovely hour less Friday. But we don't want to dwell on that, do we? I don't want to dwell on Greg Reed's, the world according to Greg. I would make it interesting show. By the way, fill the bug man is God, he's a great guy. I want to thank him profusely, even though he's not going to be alive very long, but he get fed. You know, something everybody is getting fatter and fatter and fatter. Everybody I see is getting fatter. Fill the bug man who lost all that wet on the ackeens and just ballooning. I'm in man. He gained it back so fast like an amel. You know what I'm saying? How can you lose 30 or 40 pounds again if back in a meal? But he sure displayed balloon back up. But anyway, they did a great job of pressure cleaning my wooden fence in my house yesterday. Eight years, it's been gathering mildew and mold and crap. And you just sit there and you say to yourself, you know, I guess I'm going to have to replace it when I sell a house. Huh? I never realized you could pressure clean that crap off a wooden fence, but you can. And the difference is just, thank you, Phil, the bug man. You're the best. Try to stay alive, okay, pal? Try to stay the hell alive. Like when Boob Chambi came in here a couple of weeks ago, remember that? It was almost, I kept hearing how sounds again. Yeah, it was like a Josh Friedman almost came modeling in there. He's just a god to be one chubby guy in enormous. And like the last time we saw D-Foen, in fact, D-Foen is not on vacation and he's also not at the rehab. He's at the fat farm as we're D-Foen. That would be a good story for us to spread. Because that one might be believable. He's also ballooned up. I don't D-Foen for years. He was never fat. He was always kind of like a wiring right, always the same forever. And now all of a sudden, maybe because he's working over here, he's porked up like a monster, man, that young guy from power, I didn't even know what his name is. That was in him. I mean, you gave him my keys that day or whatever one had the car washed from power 96. Well, I don't know if he works there, but he had the t-shirt on and blonde whatever he is. Yeah, you do that big, that huge fat kid from power. He had a power 96 t-shirt on. I don't know who he is, but in any way, he was fat. I'm just saying everybody is seeing here is fat. Basically, it's a fat plant. Now look at our friend Marie from my way in Arnold's rest in peace. He was real. He's dead. Your good friend that was a young and fat. He's dead. He's going around, man. We're killing ourselves. Which reminds me of one 30 day I'm going to be leaving early. George can do a half hour today because I'm going back to where the Cleveland Clinic again, to see Dr. Pascodniac. Probably because I'm fat. That's right. That's probably what this is. I went there last week. I changed my medication and I'm feeling great. I'm even Friday. One day, remember I came in Friday felt better. This rash is going away, brish slowly, but it's going away. Sunday, and at home, I felt the best I felt in years. Then last night at the hockey game, the game, I've had something to do with it. All of a sudden, I stood getting his feelings like in my, you know, like I know that this other stuff isn't completely gone, but they're saying, well, it takes 7 to 30 days to get the Adelaide out of your system. Yaddi Addiya. But now I'm feeling stuff I didn't even have before. Some of the stuff is coming back. Plus I got like pains in the neck. You don't talk at him out there. You're following the kind of pain that's like sore gland. That's swollen so much, but like sore to the touch. Well, stop touching it. Well, I don't want to stop touching it because it's seriously. How do you know it hurts if you don't touch it? Right? Other things. How do you know what feels good if you don't touch it? That's the same thing with pain. How do you know that it's bothering you if you don't touch it and keep touching it and touching it's a more because that's your way of determining how bad it hurts. So I'm touching it and the neck too. So I'm going back again and maybe I'll just go to a different doctor every day. Maybe I'll just do that to rest in my life. Which kills some time from eating anyway. Come to find out by the way that the Broward County wasn't good enough that they tried to close down the cruise ships, the casino, the floating casinos. That wasn't good enough for them. What are they spending all their time on now? Close and down the swing clubs. That's right. What was the one you were telling me about before? The name of the swingers club dirt is on the phone. He's not paying any attention. What was the one that Joe and you were telling me about before? He's like still not paying any attention. Okay, so it's a minute after the temple talk about it. So you get yourself the phone with whoever that important person is on the phone. America loves to watch moves and button-bomking. Do you know you've earned any? By answer to me. So let's black history, but. Yellow, I'm Jack Perkins. Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the black culture of Thailand today. H intra Lion Blankman spontaneatelyabi white quarantined question. The world trillions of Vietnam travelerers log I eratham Jackay Mollfuckers. Farina. Fuck wait. Step and budget, Erkel. Burgess means way. God free Cambridge. We've been mail. By the fly McQueen. Johnny Brown, it made Markham, Willie Tyler, Dan Lester. Hold this one on TV. What about Henry Lines? Do he not be on that list? No. Almost five million dollars passed to receive her back account opened by an national Baptist convention USA president Henry Lines and investigate or testified Monday lines, racketeering trial and largo, you know about that. Another good preacher, baby. Another good dark, complexed preacher in this case, which every dark, complexed male in America should be either a preacher or basketball player I guess. But nevertheless, just to swindled all kinds of millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars. And that's just the way it goes, I guess. That's just the American effin' way. So anyway, what was the asswain club that they closed down the latest one that you and Joe were telling me about? Trapeze. Trapeze. Because remember a couple of weeks ago, we had a facts from somebody and for some reason they kept that story very, very quiet. Maybe they were too embarrassed, maybe these swing police were too embarrassed over the fact that that story actually took place. They don't want the public to realize that this is how your tax dollars are being spent. Not only rating cruise ships would do be as a reason for seizing all of their slot machines and gambling materials and then a shot face to have it bring them all back again. Because the judge says, you're way out of line. Totally done incorrectly. And maybe they were like three miles out, maybe it was 2.8, maybe it was 3.1. Well, we don't know because the little, really bird thing we got came out that radio shack wasn't too accurate. This is what goes on. It's another cottage industry in America. You know, Dave's Zeppelwitz, you know, a cigar Dave who's a real clown. He's an asshole. He's a real piece of work. Just ask our friends down in Nickville to tell you all about him. They'll say he's an asshole. But nevertheless, he had one term that he always used. The fact now that they're trying to crack down not only on cigarettes, smokers, but on cigars, smokers too. I guess that term fits in real nicely with what he does with what he's trying to pedal. The pleasure police, that's a term he uses. And then nothing could be more appropriate than the term the pleasure police than this country and especially this town. And maybe especially Howard County. What is that all about? I guess they know that the overwhelming majority of people who vote and brought over the age of 100 to old farts. And so all of their psychological games that they play in law enforcement and brought our geared toward that mentality, they pander to the old farts. Hey, we're cleaning up all of this perversion and all of this. So first of all, when you've got a private club, I don't understand based on what maybe somebody with greater legal expertise than I have can explain to me what legal justification they have going in and busting a private club. No matter what's going on in there, if you're talking about consenting and dose, if they had little kids in there, if they were having a sex with kids or something, or if they were dragging people in off the street and raping people, then of course we could understand if you got an IQ larger than your thumbnail. There were cops that were busted as numbers of the club. Really? Yes. Cops, there were members of the club were busted. Oh my God. How do you like that? So at least they're not signaling them out for a special dispensation, at least no yet. See, when is this country ever going to grow up? I don't think it's ever going to happen. It's like this whole thing with Monica Gate with Pina's Gate. During these last couple of days, every time I turn it on for a couple of minutes, what you can't avoid it, my turn it off as fast as I can. But when the stuff comes down to screen and like the other day when they were in Charles Ruff was using the clips and they're showing bubble against testifying it in front of the grand jury and I'm outraged. Whether you like Clinton or not, I'm outraged that here is the president of the United States and he's sitting there in front of a grand jury at being asked questions about sexual pecker dillows. I'm sorry folks, but rational intelligent adult people, people who have a maturity level greater than kindergarten, don't do these things. They don't bring somebody in like it's a grand inquisition. I started asking all kinds of, well, did you do this? Did you touch there and was this a garden or vagina? And what brand was it? Was it moist? Was it dry? Did you do it against the rectum? That's right. And basically, I mean, even though we said, I'm not going to answer any of those questions, they wanted to know. In querying minds, in querying purverts like Ken Star, they wanted to know. And when you scrape away all of the near of this, all the indignation, even on the part of the supporters, you do understand. There isn't one single Democrat. There's not one single supporter of this president in Congress or in any elected RR appointed office who's got the balls to say, well, he screwed around. They tried to cover it up. That goes on all the time. It's nobody's got to end business. Now let's deal with something important that might be somebody's business. That's what they should be saying. Oh, well, no, we have to have a sense of resolution because we are just outraged. Paul Welfth, though, in a great liberal senator, Paul Welfth, oh, this is so absolutely outrageous and degrading and despicable and disgusting. Come up with any prudiorative term, any negative adjective you can. He's a scumbag, but the bottom line is it didn't rise to the level of high crimes in the, which of course we know that. Any idiot knows that? What is the problem with these people in this country? Is it the appearance? Is that what it is? It's still this British craft that hangs over our heads. That's the American fucking way. That's right. Consent again, adults who want to go into a place in the dittal around, well, that's their business. They pay whatever they pay to join that club. It's not prostitution, which unfortunately is still illegal in most of this country, which is it pathetic, which is why the Eugene Robinson's in the world are out there cruising viscane Boulevard, getting on the front page of the newspaper because for whatever we ain't getting at home, it was looking for something else out there in the street and of course they have to be out there too. And then I read a letter to the editor and this is just astonishing. Here we are, 23 years after I came here, okay? In fact, March 1st, it'll be 23 years today, not that anybody cares, but that'll be the day. When I first came here, that was the big deal. They were running all of these big entrapment deals on the Boulevard and the same places where they do it now. And all the businessmen, all they're putting us out of business from the destroying the neighborhood and guess what? It's 23 years later, the area is still a toilet. They're still our hookers out there. They're still picking up all kinds of jons out there, including Eugene Robinson and a lot of other anonymous guys. And it goes on because that's the human effinway. Guys want to get laid. Oh my god, how can you say that? It's disgusting thing to say even if it's true. So there has to be this veneer. It's kind of like that Greg Reething, I guess, if you're in denial all the time, you live and I'm some kind of a different mental plane. Maybe you look like I got an American airline plane since a lot of them are in strike these days and I'm not working too good. On a different level, very far apart from reality. And that's the way the American media works. Everything that's said is done for public consumption. Oh, well, I'm totally outraged and it was indefensible and y'all say, well, you know, I'm not outraged. Maybe I'm the only person in America. Maybe I'm so perverted that I'm the only person in America who's not outraged over the fact that President was getting a blow jobs from some bimbo up there who went there specifically for that purpose with their presidential neipads. And you'll notice all the discussion about her also continues to have to be the same. Continues to have to be how, how sorry we feel for her in about, you know, after after they interrogated her for the eight million times the house managers, well, she was very impressive and very articulate and we very impressed by her. Yeah, and you know what, she still didn't tell you guy damn thing. She's a bimbo. I mean, it's not just my opinion. It's right there on the Linda trip tapes. It's right there from her own words. She did all around when she was 17 years old with a married guy messed up his marriage. She told her friends, she was going to Washington with her presidential neipads. She was wearing like, you know, provocative garments to try to get the president's attention and boy did she ever scored score. There you go. Garments. Oh, they're old word that is, uh, showing your age now fat so that's right. She was dressing like a slut. How's that? And it worked. But oh, we had, we had to say all of these ridiculous idiotic things. And that's why it's so pond which is where is you down? We have to continue repeating. All of these things. All of it over and over and over and even though everybody knows in some part of their mind if they have any brain at all, that it's all a bunch of crap. Nobody really believes that all of these senators and congressmen are that outraged. The problem is you got caught. He got caught because people were looking at nailing with anything they could nail them with and he got caught with this. And then like anybody other rational person would they covered it up? They lied about it. Everything in their power to prevent from this humiliation and embarrassment. And that's what it's all about. But the, the, the bustling of swing clubs and broward is exactly the same as the witch hunts about penis get it. It's all the same thing. It's all part of the same crap. So I'd like the attitudes about marijuana. In fact, oh, where's that the fact? Did you see this facts? Marijuana and brain cysts cited in Swiss guard killings. The Swiss guard and I do mean Swiss. They kill the husband and wife. Now the deal is that, oh yeah, he was a marijuana smoker and couldn't rule out. They couldn't rule out that he was a chronic drug user. All of these just made that through that in. And they also disclosed his autopsy reveal they cyst the size of a pigeon's egg and his brain. Why would you say the size of a pigeon's egg? First of all, huh? Have you ever seen a pigeon's egg? No, no. Do I know the size of a pigeon's egg? No. I mean, even in the Vatican. Although I guess they do have what are what kind of bird. There are those dove that they have flying around there all the time. Making peace and dropping their dropping the center. But again, he had a cyst in his brain, the size of a pigeon egg. But nevertheless, he smoked marijuana. Therefore, and of course, that isn't coming from this country, but it's the Vatican, which is even more to the right, more repressive than here. Because that's the only way they can build their bullcraft. Everything is evil, especially the wicked weed. I mean, these are just things that are not acceptable to rational sane people. And yet everybody's got to post you. They got to put on this front about all of these things. That's right. And say all this bullcraft that they know they don't mean. If I had a dollar for every hypocrite in this country, I could be tear. I could walk out of here right now and tell Greg Reed the stuff this place in his record. Believe you, me, I would. I would get out of your Lala land and come into the real world. Okay. Oh, yeah. We didn't have the Bums' Rush on that. The engineers promised me and yeah, we're we are going to get a DSS. If I have to go out there and get one myself. So, well, what does that mean? Yeah, we're sitting here the only reason for 13 months now. We have any contact to the outside world is because what's the name of the joy that gave us the satellite dish? Digital world satellite. Digital world satellite, gave us a satellite dish and installed it for free. And Jeff Cohen brought us a TV sent in the VCR the very first day we came in a studio. Otherwise, we'd still be here talking about it. That's the only contact we got with the outside world. I'm at the hockey game last night. Here's a great story for you. I'm at the hockey game last night. In between periods, a young guy kind of like, you know, kind of a young, disabled guy comes up to me with his wife and says, I'm a bold beastly. I don't know. I'm just making up the bottom of what his first name was. My father is so until beastly. One of the owners of QAM. And I sat there and I kind of looked at them like, what do I say? You know, oh Henry, the sales guy that jerk Henry from IOD, he was over there last night. He's one snack just high. Henry's the one that's smack Jeff high. All right, let's hear it for Henry. I don't know. I always like that. Henry even always kind of a goofball. He's smack them on the side of his head. Oh, he was telling me some Jeff high stories of their last night. Boy, do we make good hires in this place or what? No. We know how to fight up. And by the way, speaking of making good hires. The thing didn't show up at a water not these very upset. See, now I'm the blame for that, too, because they made some coming on here. So we didn't show up for his first day on a job yesterday. He must have heard me say that we're hiring. Arnold East cream. Oscar Street and he's one of them. I mean, how could anybody hire that creature? I mean, he just he makes a presentation that is just so unbelievable. So bizarre. So peculiar. And now the water not to use very upset with Neil because that well, you know. And then we're going to upset with the guys to see everything around here supposed to be a secret. They can do their little games, plant estimate. So anyway, this guy comes up to me. He's like a, both didly, uh, beesley or whatever his name is. Well, isn't their names or Jim Bob and Bowel and stuff like that, you know, they're like, old company boys. And I kind of looked at him like, oh, you know, well, that's what I thought. I'm not saying he's a bad guy. He said, oh, I've been a fan of you. It was a very strange conversation like he didn't know what to say to me. And I sure had nothing to say to him. And like, uh, I love it a fan of years ago. And I guess I guess you're good for our radio station, which I thought was kind of a bizarre state. And what what does that mean, you know, like, uh, I guess you're good. Even though you think our dad is, uh, and the whole family about to cheat bastard. Yes, they are a bunch of cheap. Yeah, yeah, yeah, they are. Bo didly. Cheaper than I've never seen anybody so cheap in my life. They, they won't spend a dime for anything. And then Greg read like a total of 45 minutes ago, Stan. And I'm trying to explain to him that, uh, you know, the frustration we've all had last two weeks, working with his Scott's tape and mirrors, trying to like, uh, make all these things happen. And I don't know. And he keeps scratching that hole and has had and shaking his head, like, uh, uh, uh, no, no, no, no, no, they told me this and but to be suitable and, uh, we're, uh, you know, yeah, we're going to go right out and get that DSS. Do we believe him? No, no, we'll believe him when we see it. Cheap, I mean, how much does it cost for a direct TV for a DSS dish with installation, like 200 bucks or less. Isn't it, with installation, which they don't have to install it. We get the engineers to do it, even though they might lie about it. We'll get them to do it. Huh? Oh, God, Greg, you're so cheap, I'm embarrassed. I want to cry from you. That's how cheap you are and how much in the knives you are. You're like the American public. You're in total denial of reality. But somewhere in the back of work, I was going to say in the back of your brain, somewhere in the hole there, that spot that you keep scratching. Somewhere there's got to be an understanding of realization that admission that you're really just not fooling anybody. Okay? We're on the, okay? Do you understand? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Then you kiss the cannon jar. No talking or too bizarre. And if they want you, he can do to you. Drag you in for days on it. Grill your mama while you're friends. Yes. 40 million dollars still to you know. When he's through. With all of me who's gone. Then he'll repeat a song and maybe party. He won't stop until he's gone. When he's through, he'll call you back. You're going to leave. I'm going to get back to last night. We got good news and bad news. The great news is Palm Albury. Like I told you, we signed. That's when they get them all locked up for five years in the option for a six. They got the Russian rocket. They got him signed up. And that's great news because he has spectacular. He gives the added dimension. Actually, having some offense on this team. Although we did score four goals last night, but nevertheless, it wasn't enough. Because guess what, there are two ways to play a hockey game offense and defense. Did they play any defense last night? No, no, the worst. We had a poultry crown there last night. I wonder what they're putting in here is the attendance of the official attendance. Let me take a peek first. Let's see, one moment please. And of course, if it's in the hero, you know it must be suspect. Let's see attendance 17,087. That's tickets sold, including the season ticket holders. I would say we had about 13,14,000 air last night. And I would say offhand was probably the worst crowd we've had in the year. Pretty, you know, first of all, Bury wasn't planned. And number two, a grant. Fear wasn't planned for St. Louis and St. Louis and most of the Western conference things aren't much of a draw anyway here. Because the attendance at all sporting events here is Gage didn't very large part by who you're playing. Which I've never been able to understand that. I mean, in some cases, you can understand depending on the situation. But most every day or average games like on a Monday night like last night, you know, if you're a fan, you go to the game, right? Like we did, no. Their plane St. Louis, you know, want to go and it turned out to be a very entertaining and very exciting game. Unfortunately, with the panties playing no defense. None, zero. Not bad defense. No defense. In my life, I have never seen a hockey game where there were so many breakaways and two on ones and three on two, but just solo breakaways. Guys, I mean, pop out the meter. The wrong pop out was in a building last night. By the way, this guy for St. Louis is unbelievable. He made a game in that frog Pierre Tarrjon over and over again. They're coming in a alone Terry Yaked, an olefree. He's in there. I mean, just unbelievable. It's like the defense missed the bus over to the arena last night. And again, you listen to people. I don't know what they're talking about. All of a sudden, Sean Burke led in a World War II pretty greasy goals. I'm going to tell you again. As he's done so many times, I can leave game last week. If it worked for all the great saves, he made in the first two periods. They never would've been in a game in a first place. The panties were so outplayed by St. Louis in a first two periods of that game. He should have been about eight to one or eight to two. And yes, I did see Peter Warrell score a goal. Peter Warrell scored a goal. He knew what he was doing. A sniper. And is that make a case for Peter Warrell? No. In fact, it's a pretty sad commentary, you know. You got Palm El Burri and Dino are out injured. And the organization is so thin that the two guys that bring in to replace them are Peter Warrell, who got into the obligatory fight with Tony Twist, which amount of nothing which we knew was going to happen. And then they were both on the ice, totally contrived. But nevertheless, Peter Warrell and Chris Wells, reaching back into the miners to bring back to the reject again, Chris Wells, who got one stupid penalty at the very end of the game after they pulled the goal out. We got two key faceoffs that are on the St. Louis in. And we got the great robby need of him, who's still going to win the faceoff, who is Terry Murray put out there on a faceoff, Chris Wells not once, but twice in a row. Does he win one faceoff? No, both times they lose get the win the faceoff, chewed it out and down the ice. What is Terry Murray thinking about? Does anybody know? This man is a coach? No, no. So again, Pablo Burriusign and get healthy, still in Pablo because they need him badly. But you know, something even with him, without any defense like last night, how to hell is this thing going to win any games? That was it. That was an exhibition of Ineptitude, the likes of which is, and I'm going to tell you, this city space that kid number eight, you know, city space that I call him. He is not ready for prime time and never will be. What are they thinking about with this kid? He is from a defensive standpoint. He is a disaster not waiting to happen. He is a disaster in progress at any given moment. Unmitigated disaster. Sissy Spasik. Not that any of the other defenseman played any better last night, but he at least is consistently bad. So they lost a game, but you know, they had a three-one lead early. Things were really promising and then like that. But anybody cares, do they really? When you go out with them? Oh, somebody have a heart or a liver? No, from purple plastics it's the talking inflightable barny, just put the batteries in and inflight. Okay, cute. Now, don't get mommy, it's better to grab the iteration to between my legs and blow. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh yeah. Oh, yeah, oh yeah, oh, oh, this is a, this is a, this is a, yes. Oh, well, Bobby, just will let this store it over again. It's all getting relatable, Marty. I'll be able now. Let's get the purple dinosaur place on that one, baby. That thing with a swing club. It doesn't surprise me because it's been going on in this time of spring and Broward for years, but it's just so depressing. Because we don't seem to be making any progress. They still are of this one mind that this, the men, non-dimensional lifestyle others, where everybody, the matter what they want to do, it's evil and wrong. And they have to be busted. Pandering to this puritanical crap. If you want to be a puritan, if you want to be monogamous, if you want to be a unique, if you want to be a monk, although those monks, they weren't doing too good in Texas. But nevertheless, I mean, it's up to you. But the concept that 260 million people are all going to live according to some of the end of the mentality. And going to happen, it just isn't going to happen. That's not the way most people are alive. Here's a mobile and four-loader, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. A couple things. First, you got to the ground and watch some clothes building Saturday? No. Yeah, well, that came to the box, which suck. Anyway, also, did you know that the 2020 that data you were talking about to DC stuff about the words? Yeah. There's 15 minutes on it. The same data you must have been listening to. Probably. And other data, I just expressed my opinion on the bowcraft and Washington and I'm out of material. Okay, thank you so much for what I'm not sure, but thank you for what. And that's one other call on the board. That's it today. Well, I'm not feeling all like right to begin with. So yeah, we've got some really good music here. What do you got? I got that. You can blame George for it. Okay. Or you can do like three hours today. I really don't care. I want to get over with this crap. Whatever it is that I got. In fact, I'm going to stay there with that clinic today and until I kick me out, I'm just going to stay there and say, I want a definitive answer. I want to diagnose this. I want every exam that's done. I don't want to walk around feeling like this to rest in my life. And then these generalities, well, you know what takes seven to 30 days to get a drug out of your system. That doesn't tell me anything. That tells me absolutely nothing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's our final call of the day on a short day. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. What exactly did they sign growing for? What did they sign in for? Financial. You can how much money did they sign in for? Yes. And then there's another incentive for how many goals they score in a playoff set set of and so on. Okay. Now if he's going to invest that, if he's going to do this money for a burn, do you think you better start doing a further part to the team for such as the Fed? Top of it like adding a cellios through the available. No. No, why not? No. Because their not built stories already crying. And all his interviews, he's we're going to have to reexamine our financial situation now. And I'm not used to doing it. Of course, they're not going to do that. Listen, if they're not going to fix the goal light so that the people can see what a goal comes on, which I've already accepted the fact they don't care that I'm going to do that. What makes you think they're going to spend any more money? I got three, I got three letters for a high thing at TQM. Yeah. Yeah, he needs to do something because. Okay. Thank you. Okay. There's another one of our great hockey fans. Like I said, they haven't even fixed the goal light so that you can see it. And this is the only by the way that they told one of our people, well, you know, if we make it a bigger, it'll block the people should be hiding. Nobody sits behind it. It's in front of stairs on both ends. How could the goal judge just there if he was sitting in front of people? There are no people sitting behind the goal light in the hockey arena. And every thought of that when a guy called the other day. I looked at the last night, I'm thinking, what? What a bogus reason that is. Here we are. It's like 51 games of the season. It's still haven't fixed it. And yes, I am talking about it again. Because I'm in an enemy state of disbelief that an operation that entails so many hundreds of millions of dollars between the building of the arena and the payroll and all the people of all the tangential people in the poverty organization and all the money people invested in that bogus panther stock. I just can't believe that there either that's stupid. I mean, the quality of the ice. I give up. I saw Chris Prager, fallen his ass all by himself there last night and three or four other guys falling down on the bad ice. But hey, listen, you know the people from Dallas are coming down here to see how you make great ice. So what do I know? It sucks. But they don't care about that. But the idea that you can't see a red light come on from almost a matter where you're sitting. Only in this town. Only here. Would Neil Rogers be the only person to make a noise about that. I mean, it's so stupid that it's pathetic. It's idiotic. We got $48 million to spend for a great hockey player. But we don't have 50 bucks to spend for a bigger light bulb down there or whatever would take. It's like the Greg Reenway again. It's like the Greg Reen F. and way. Oh, well, I don't appreciate. Hank doesn't appreciate that beautiful state of the art studio. I got upstairs and I built for those guys. Oh, my God. What is same crappy equipment they had over the other joint? Don't forget the shiny new microphone. No, but the shiny new microphones. Right. State of the art. My ass. I like they just the engineer just had a place where the module and George's boards. When I crapped out today, mine was last Friday. George was today. The new one blew up also. Be cutting him with that. Oh, great. So because we have teaker toy stuff here, we have stuff that even Edison will be laughing at. So he's in a state of delusion. He just deludes himself and have believed in that, you know, they experimented with the various ways they don't. And it's the same of the people over there in Ed Arena, whoever's running that place. You're a joke. You're a laughing stock. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Yeah, how you doing Neil? Listen, I thought a greatest thing on the back of a car. I was wanting a Jew or what he listed though, where I can get it. You know, the Jesus fish. Yeah. Why so a Jesus fish being eaten by a truth fish. On the back of someone's van. If someone out there or you know where I can get that, I just need to get one for the back of my truck. Yeah. Okay, well, we'll find out from the truth police. They'll be calling any minute. Two open lines and Broward, all three in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and pompano, hello. Hey, Neil, did you hear exactly what they busted? What they said they busted the people at trapeze for? No. Rick Slobchess added on child seven last night talking to the sheriff of whoever was. Something for conducting the loodness which was defined as obscene. Yeah. This hearing part about that is that you, about me and the wife decide we want to have a couple over to the house. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You know, hey, can they come in my house? Evidently. And say the same thing and it was about a anonymous, anonymous tips. And had calls that whole entire thing. But let me say again, it's a private club. There are no miners there. There are nobody there. There are people who are voluntarily there. And whatever they do in there is their business. Oh, I know. They're not counterfitting money in there. I'm not wondering some bootleg illegal product in there. They're dittling each other. If that's what they want to do like you said if they come over to each other's house, what difference does it make? Why should that bother anybody? Why am I wise membership? I ran out of December. Yeah. We were members of the first trapeze. Why did you come from the inside now? You'd be making your call of the day. Oh, yeah. But uh, and there's some other people around in the Broward County that has half house parties. Right. We went back yards and big back fences. Oh, you can't do that. It's a bunch of, you know, it's a bunch of, unless you just grill an weanies. I mean, I don't think they, those weanies there were about yet. But they were the other kind. They're sarcotic. It's a bunch of, it's a bunch of educated people who would like you said. Our father and anybody. There was a, I listened to the Rick and Sput Show earlier before you came. Well, I'm sorry. Well, and some, some guy came on and, uh, and was, was bitching about how, um, the Democrats, the Democrats and big government trying to take over and make you do this and this and this and the Democrats are doing that. Yeah, and force government to your life and the show went off before I could get on. And I want to say it's not to Democrats. The Republicans who won't be government to stick government in your life. But Republicans are the ones who are in bed with a pleasure, police. And everybody else they can get in bed with. I think they what you can't do and who can be what you can be. Anyway, I just want to come and say hi and let you know exactly that they're, you know, the law, any law. I can't understand how it is free country like ours. It's not a free country. What do you mean free? Why do you say it's a free country? We're going to come up with that crap. It's not a free country. Hopefully, free country. It's a totally different. It's another one of those things that people say, okay, it's a nice sounding cliche. This is not a free country. Well, I know, but constitutionally the bill right. No, see, you forget about the constitution. The constitution is the laws that are carried out today in the various states of got nothing to do with the constitution. We have no freedom in this country. Very limited freedoms. Well, I know. We can do whatever they want to the extent to the law, isn't that after that, screw it. I agree. Have a great day. Yeah, it's a free country, right. That's a good material with time and tissue a start. We have an open line in date, one in Broward, five six seven, five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line. It's the pleasure police, baby. The we need the we we police. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. How you doing? Good. Well, one of the things is you got the I can call, because you got problems with lines up here in Playa, right? Full lines up here. You can't dial in on mobile, direct, send you this. I'm other number. Just so you're worth it. Well, when you dial pound five sixty, it says four six seven so on is out of order. And that's the end of that. So you're not going to get the mobile call, so many were in AT&T. So that would certainly be pleased. You're oughting to slightly. And when I told the guy in the photo, you said, you think management cares? We know about it. They don't care. We've done not care. Okay. He is not interested. Like the time he told my lawyer a few months ago, well, what can we do to make Neil happy? What can we provide for? And we, you know, we suggested, how about an 800 number? You know, a toll free number, so the people listening on a West Coast in College, you know, or the people on the audio net can call in toll free. And of course, as soon as you suggest anything, but then that might cost money, it's like, Oh, forget it. Well, how about just fixing the phone lines you got? No, they could cost the money to. No, they won't do it. They don't care. One of the things that I just wanted to touch one thing by, you know, the guy in this appointed with most of the pets is this year is Fala. He's playing tariffle. Awful. I mean, he's off start two years ago. Yeah, not anymore. He's terrible. Coolest. I don't know what we're going to do. And I'll tell you, even though he scored a goal last night, Victor Coslam, I'm afraid I'm afraid he's being shown this year to be exactly what San Jose felt he was when I got rid of men or like a lot of talent there, potential, a lot of a skating ability like we're around and around. But he'd be there doesn't make anything happen most of the time. And if we're got at six foot six, like many of those big Russian guys, not physical at all. I mean, not in the least bit. So no matter how big he is, it doesn't use it to his advantage. That's right. Last of all, I want to ask you this question. Why in the world that he debating this thing in Washington, secrecy, or when everything else has been out on the public. You know something? I'm glad that they're doing it secretly. You want to know why? Because they said that by doing it this way, instead of each Saturday getting up there and using the full 15 minutes and posturing the public watching on television, that they're going to have a hell of a lot less to say. They're going to move it right along. And by Thursday, it looks like we'll finally get the final vote and get this dancing over with. That's a good point. Because what are they going to say that we haven't heard 50 million times already? What are they going to say? That's true. No cameras, maybe. Get it over with. Right. Good point. Okay. Have a great day. I mean, that line by Chris Dodd yesterday was so perfect. Well, what is it that you want to hear today? I want to hear. We yield back to balance of our time from both sides. And let's get this over. Nice gone, Chris. Chris Dodd. Looks just like Jerry Williams, by the way. Have you noticed how a lot of those New England people are looked the same? You never knew Jerry Williams, right? Looks just like Chris Dodd. Only a lot older. And like an older version. Much older. Two open lines in Dave 560, 560 and 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and higher. Hello. Yeah, it's working fine. The I'm talking to you. Okay. Well, he was talking in Palm Beach, I guess. You played these little bits in these little cars like the lady that says it's the American, you know? Yeah. And everybody knows that's the American fucking way. Yeah. See that now. Everyone's the nation knows what she's saying. Yeah. So why do you have to believe it? Because it's not a free country because the FCC will not allow us to play it. On expregated, we have to put the leap in there because we're a bunch of overgrown children. Right? As if if if just children might be listening and ever heard that word in the school yard before? Right? I saw the George Carl and bit a few nights ago and he did the seven words. Yeah. Now that's now you're using some of those words even. And getting that. And yeah, like, but not in the Senate and that sense we're not though. Ah, you have to play games. You have to fight against their cutest way around so they can try to do it, you know, humorously because you have to humor them. So if I, if I say, Neil's a pussy. Yeah. Okay, but don't refer to a female genitive. I would have word or, you know, we got big problems on our hands. Yeah, it's incredibly, you know, smelly problem on our hands. Absolutely amazing. Well, how do great day, sir? And God bless America. Okay. Oh, it's the land of the free. All the free we have all these freedoms that the free country see people who say that are people who have never been anywhere else. That's really free. Like, you know, perigway. Two open lines in date to it, Howard. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Ten, fifty, six, a two a m. A planet where eight, he evolved from that. Why, Tuesday, we go down. Everybody, John, I die. People will panic, we're burned on the tide. They'll cry, we'll die. And on the magazine, in the context of the storm. Oh, release the sea and tell your words. And see the bucket, ratchet nut and call the blue man, the young woman. Got a lot of money. Got a lot of money. Okay, the worst coming to random is we discussed yesterday. They make no mistake about it. The Y2K, we've only got about about 10 months and a couple of weeks. And it'll be all over. So we'll better have a good time at the main time. And not a few live in Broward, though, please. Watch yourself and Broward. Watch your ass. Open line in date to in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. There's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I last week I was watching before I went to work. I had turned on an I miss on MSNBC. Yeah. And about this Mr. Robinson down there trying to get himself a little blowjob. They had the police officer calling on the radio. And I don't know if you had heard this or not, but that police officer was actually a mail police officer dressed up. Yeah. And I just, I mean, I didn't know if you had heard that. It was good enough for any more things. Good enough for Eugene. Is that was true or not? Yeah. Well, what could be that? To be embarrassed to be embarrassing is it is to be embarrassed. Well, that would have been a double-bammy. Oh, if I mean, wow, you know, while you're down there getting that, if you would have reached up underneath that skirt and boom. Well, I have a little surprise. Uh-huh. And the worst of charge. Thank you. Exactly. Okay. No thanks. Okay. So there you go. Was a drag queen. Was a guide dressed up as a hooker, which might not hold on. Maybe he's got bad eyesight. Or maybe he was looking for a guide, or maybe he was like Eddie Murphy. Maybe that's a big thing. Now, maybe you take cultural thing. Two open lines a day, two and a row and on a real slow drag assie, two's day here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T while it's fun. Is this time? I thought it was really something that we got Pawville, Burie and son in the first time. But is this town really worked up into a frenzy now? They got them locked up for five, maybe six years? No. Oh, they care? No. You know, when you, when you go to the arena and you listen to the people talking, we had people sitting behind us last night. Now, I got to be honest with you. I never watched the English play to me. There, I just don't like their team. I don't find them interesting. I find them boring. I mean, I get all the games on a small dish. I just never watched the blues. So even when I came out for practice before the game, I looked at a few of the names that some of them I know. And there are a lot of guys that I never heard of before, which is very unusual for me because I watched a lot of hockey games. But the blues are not one of those teams I watched. Now, they got a kid number 42, his name is Fitzpatrick. I have no idea who he is where he came from, what he did, what planet he's from. I know nothing about him. Now, we used to have Mark Fitzpatrick who was a goalie, okay, for the Panthers, who moved on to Tampa, N. Chicago. And I'm listening to the people there. They're out there in practice. And here comes this 42-Fitz Patrick is skating around. And the guy behind me says to the other guy, oh, yeah, there's the Fitzpatrick. He used to play for the Panthers. This guy is like a Ford. He's skating, you know, I'm not a goalie. I mean, even a moron can see the difference between a goal tender with all the pads and heavy equipment and a big glove and a big stick, you know, even George knows that difference between a goalie and like a forwarder defenseman. And the comments are just so in name. I mean, seriously, I'm exaggerating when I say 10 or 20% of us in that joint have any idea or the game is all about exaggerating. We're talking about a smattering of us, a tiny smattering who have got any clue of what's going on there. And the rest of it, your guess is good as mine, baby. Your guess is good as mine. They're schmoozing, they're socializing, they're jooking, they're driving. Leave it, they even now have a contrived thing on the scoreboard and it's a scene from some Cornball sportsman we would gene hackman where he's making his impact on the speech in the locker room to his team. And then they start going like this, have you ever seen that? And then they all start, you know, they all start, and then they show the hands coming together up on the scoreboard. Okay, everybody's standing on it says, hey, the crowd, we're going to be applauding now contrived excitement. And see, you only have to do that when you deal with people that have no idea what's going on. Contrived. Here's a mobile in D'Ral, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're going to love this one. Today, they will pay 7A real store paragraph. Yeah. It's about a concibys. Okay, check this out. They line about a concibys. My or one is mine. Rain cysts, sighted in Swiss guard lines, already had a thank you, sir. Way ahead of you, head that last hour. That's a story about the Swiss guard. You got to love this way, Heddy. We have an open line of date, all three and five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Westchester, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Just wanted to ask you, how old is your stick? How old is my stick? Yeah, you know, is old as the rest of me? Well, the thing is, here we go. Right off the bat again with a guide that sounds very disgruntled. Who wants to attack me, attack the show. Why do you listen if my stick is old and we're not. Why are you still listening? Uh, because I'm home sick today. So your home sick today and the best you can do on a home day sick is to listen to the show, where you're sick before after you started listening. When I started listening to you, that's when it became a music. The thing is Neil seriously. Yes, sir. There is such an old stick. Yeah. You rag on the radio station. Right. You rag on Miami. You rag on how there's no. Let me say to you, there's no hot. Why are you listening? And why are you listening, sir? I just happened to be going through this question. You're heading, now wait a minute. Let me ask you this. What kind of a sane person goes through the station is long enough and find something that they find offensive old tired and that they don't like and stops long enough to make a phone call. What kind of a sick person does that talk about sick? Please talk to us, sir. We love to hear it. All right. Because I forgot about you and then I heard your voice. But you know something this was, I hate to break the news. You're a person. I'm just a positive thing. Check it and back. Two days ago, I just got through the pausing a big bonus rating. Check two days ago. For the numbers that came out a week ago. So I hate to break the news to you. But everybody else is still listening. So it may be old and it may be tired. But I think you're the one that's got the problem. I like I've told you a million times anybody. That miserable. Of course that's what this town is all about anyway. But anybody that miserable would whatever he hears you that would take the time to make the call and stay on hold for a couple of minutes to express his displeasure and his contempt. He's squeezing it right now. There isn't anybody in this audience so that you're fooling. Not one. Not even the dumbest of the dumb. Even the people who hate me like poison are snickering and snickering right now. Because they know that you're grabbing yourself. From sexual excitement having gotten on the ear here to make your big attack. We remain duly unimpressed. And you know something's there. If things ever changed in this radio station, if management ever got smart, if something brilliant ever happened to actually brought us into a new equipment, I'd be the first one to come on here and say, Oh my god, these people got smart. I need the first one to tell you that. I tell you exactly the way it is. You just can't handle that. And the reason that sounds old and tired to you is because I've been here a long time and guess what? This town isn't getting any different. You go to those games. The fans aren't getting any smarter. You do these shows and the calls like you're not getting any better. So this show is like it. The show has been a mirror image of this community and of this whoever I'm working for. And I told our ex sales buddy, I had to make much difference. You're working for in this town. Because they're all pretty much the same. Just a matter of degree. Some of them spend a little money on equipment. Some of them do a little bit better promotion. But generally speaking, it's all pretty much bushly. So I'm sorry that you can't handle the truth. I'm sorry that you forgot about me. Is there anybody who believes that this man forgot about me? No. Just forgot that I exist. No. And I certainly hope you're feeling better. Very very soon. No way. No. I'm in a chapter 11 at 5. 60 QA and I think it's hard to take. What's day in school? Don't go out on your own. Because it's all on us stuff. You just can't do it home. Search all around. But you won't see a seat in the boat with a seat in the seat. When nothing's compared to the marvellous feeling of making butterflies stick to the ceiling, smoking in the bathroom, making out in the hall, or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodgeball. Yeah, remember that. Let's throw a favor while with a fire alarm. Blow up the toilet with a cherry bomb. The dice is so frog in biology class. Find yourself a nerd and work to his name. You'll be a hit in chemistry. When you make the class a batch of LSD. Start a food-fight. You milk out your nose. When you go to school. What anything goes. Just stay in school. Don't go out on your own. Because it's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do it home. Search all around. But you won't see a seat in the boat with a seat in the seat. Search all around. But you won't see a seat in the boat with a seat in the seat. If you thought it was 15, it's 5, 16, WCM. So get back to the Terrible Stick again. That guy was beautiful. I mean, just so obvious. So transparent. Look into a paint of glass. Oh, I'm so sick today. I was home sick last Thursday. I went to the doctor. Took the day off from work. And the only reason I turned on the radio when I got home was to see if George was doing a short. I stopped at tape on which they did because the Gilcastle was getting his eyes sliced up again. And I turned it right off. Now I do the show. This is my livelihood. I work here on this radio station. But I was home sick that I listened to the show. No. Of course not. But here's the guy who's home sick from work today. He not only listens to the show, but he's calling the show to tell me how tired and old and stale he had forgotten about me. But I'm glad I didn't let you down, pal. I'm glad I didn't disappoint you with something new and exciting. Like what a great town is. What a bunch of great colors we got. Like last night, I'm sitting there with a game. Here's another deal behind me to play. I mean, I could write a book just about this stuff you over here. People talking about about the nonstop, the incest, crap that goes on in a conversation there. A little or nothing of which has to do with the game. Everything that's going on in that building. There's a woman sitting behind this last night with a family. And she's a loud talking about some comp to Tom. She had with a neighbor about her dog. Something about the dog that this and she's going on loud. This is while the game is going on loud. And she's recounted the whole story about the neighbor. Capricorded something and the dog allegedly did a whatever the deal was. Loud. Okay. And I was annoying it up the first time. But now a little bit later on, like half hour later. Somebody else they know comes in a sitting dollar for a while with them. And how the whole story again. Oh, when you should have seen a video taken the dog to the. Did that score score? Yeah. And I'm sitting there. I came so close. I felt like turning around and saying, It wasn't that interesting the first time. But the second time it's terminal. Okay. And both times it was much too loud. I mean, it wasn't all that loud in the last night. Okay. It wasn't the blurring blasting noise that we usually have. Sometimes that it would you could actually talk to other people in the here what they were saying. It wasn't really necessary to pretend you were back in New York and talk like everybody was deaf. We're not talking old people here. We're talking about like young and middle aged people talking. Which don't have to talk quite that loud sweetheart about your dog story. Two open lines in day one and a. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. Why does line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I got two things. First of all, though, to address the asshole that just called. Yeah. You're absolutely right. I mean, this guy. He runs off the same mentality that that this. Broward sheriff runs off of got to bit anybody should have any fun. Do anything like go to a private swingers club or go out and and gamble on the water or listen to when intelligence show like yours. That's what I didn't tell a gentleman showing I never pretended to be in tell me. Oh, I don't mean it. I don't mean it. I don't mean it. That way. I was of a time. That's all. It's entertaining. It's the only dancing. It's entertaining on the radio. Yes. I mean, and the guy can switch the channel. No, he can't. He's too sick to do that. He could go over and pick up the telephone. Maybe somebody made the call for him. He could go over and switch the channel. Who's he could. He's got your number on speed dial on his goddamn color. Right. Who's he could. Anyway, secondly on this white two. I think this is such a big tragedy that's going to happen. How come everybody in the brother can use credit cards that run out after the year 2000. We know problem. That's right. I just got my new American Express platinum card yesterday. It expires 702 2002. It was such a big deal with computing and going crazy. Yeah, right. Because when you as you know, if you buy an airline ticket on the phone, for example from an airline that give me your credit card number. They say, well, what's the expiration date? And they put that in there if they put in a date 2000 or afterward. The computers would go bananas. Exactly. It's a function. In addition to which what did our grandparents ever do? How did they ever buy groceries without computers? How did they ever get food stuff delivered? How did they ever get produce delivered without computers? I've got in total of 70s when the computers became popular. How did that we somehow survive without computers? I love you. And there's a lot of us out here. Of course, I love you. The other asshole, you know, we know he's probably still listening. Well, maybe he's got something terminal. That's a great day, pal. Good job. See, okay, we have an open line in Broward. 560, 1056, the only AT&T wireless line. You're old in your state. Like last year's Ha-La-Va. Yeah. And see, when you're not feeling the best, which lately for about like seven or eight, which you don't want to hear about because that's old and still. But when you're not feeling your best, that kind of call to me. It has the exact opposite effect that he thinks it has. I love that. If I hadn't happened to us and calls like that every day, it would make my life. Because I don't have to do anything with an asshole like that. He's just dropping his pants, showing his back to the world. And I can just sit there and say, look at that. There's an asshole. Here's Miami. Hello. Any meal. Yes, sir. Why are you set to hire a percentage of your phone call? Mobile phones. Because most people, most living in people are out doing stuff. I don't think so. You're boring. Oh, that's what it is. I'm boring. Therefore, people are. That was the best. Not only is he listening and calling like the other guy, but the logic. I want you to stop and take a look at this. Okay. The reason that they're calling from their car phones and their pickup drugs on their mobile phones is because I'm boring. But if they're inside a building with no life whatsoever, like this guy in a broom closet somewhere, I'm not simulating enough to get them to turn on the radio. Of course, the fact that you can't pick up this radio station in most buildings anyway, that also has nothing to do with that. Now, sir, I know more people would tell me, but, you know, I'd love to listen during the day, but we can't pick up AM inside. We can't pick up your station inside. Look at that. Airbie call on the board. I got five calls on there right now. Airbie one is a mobile call. And so was the last one. You was? Wasn't it? No, he was in Miami. No, he wasn't he didn't know how to drive a car. In fact, he was in that same category with all of these streets. That was in high-remly. He was in that same type. That might have been maybe that's the water not these new assistant for upstairs. The new traffic assistant. You got it. Got it. There. We have NN John Giruss. He's got the the hoodspot. Asked me in the elevator coming up this morning. Am I going to their big ratings party? Oh. This is great. All these other people are going to eat free food and have a whole bunch of drinks and get you know, plastered. Based on our ratings, nice going Neil and George. Thank you. You're welcome. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I knew you're boring. Yeah. I'm about to say, no, no, but only the mobile calls are think I'm exciting. The people inside the buildings think I'm boring. Well, that was the best last I've had. I mean, I'm trying to follow. I'm trying to connect the dots. Okay. You're not going to get that logic there. I'm boring. Therefore, only people in mobile phones call this show. Listen, I want to be ongoing topics on the show about the sportsman with criminal ask to get away with murder. Yeah. S-I-S, scumbags and sports. Well, why do you just segment that though? I mean, this isn't pretty much just anybody that makes a reasonable millionaires living that gets away with the same thing. I mean, I don't understand why we segment just sports figures because you've let's see Kennedy's you know Governor the mayor of Miami how's Mary Joe doing by the way great but why do we just why why would we just want to segment our Lord Lord we well we don't but it just seems to be this seems to be an epidemic of it right at the moment I guess so Kennedy is most on here about the well the Kennedy's aren't feeling too good right now well we hear about it when when you know what's the name for muscle magazine Larry Flint decides he's gonna out some of these guys then we hear about it and then we and nobody seems to care too much by the way nobody gives a crap well it just seems to me like a little bit of a hypocrisy whenever what else sits up on a pedestal and actually like like sports figures just because they've done something wrong and granted me like my cousin who went to jail for rape and who you know has all the record as long as you're armed so we've got to go out kind of a fender vendor and beat the crap out of either the one guy and kicked the other guy in the groin I mean you know that's that seems like the normal average thing to do that Kennedy wrecked a car kills a woman and he's serving in the Senate yeah you know I mean so I mean so I mean so I know what you're saying is that if wealthy people and of course we know that athletes aren't wealthy people right in fact in fact Tony Martin could only afford Johnny Cochrane and Roy Black right I agree with you 100% I just I don't I'm just missing your point I don't see what the point is well I guess because the focus seems to me the focus of late has been solely on athletes and maybe that's because there's more incidents than the news yeah and it seems to me that what OJ did I mean you know granted you know Mary Joe Mary Joe Cochrane in live today but nevertheless was supposedly an accident they did their best to cover it up and he was drunk out of his mind but I mean Nicole and Ron Goldman more than accident I don't think I'm a less of a shuttiest look what is this news it was his Michael it was a quit of race yeah you know I was probably committed it I mean I mean I I guess I did but I didn't but I mean everybody has had their trials everyone that's convicted of doing a crime if they're caught they should go to trial but the bottom line is if you got the money you're getting off whether you're not the money you're gonna afford Johnny Cochrane and Roy Black in the big shot attorneys that's right exactly so I guess the point is that if sir I think the point you're trying to make is that's the American fucking way we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen two one of the line for just a second there I was a little bit nervous because I thought he was trying to make the point is that we shouldn't be picking on these athletes because after all he run fast in jump high and get high and stuff like that just for just a moment here I was terrified by the thought that we're gonna make that point this is the only one with you this is the red row and it's pretty good my sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls I don't even have enough the factors were I tried to get low to the technology but it's don't get no bigger than a cow thief there's nothing I can do I only got a three inch two you'll be disappointed when we reach my house but you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse is a no big Mac on like a happy meal you get more satisfaction from your high heels you'll swear I was in the pool because I only got a three inch two some kind at night I wonder if they will ever grow if I was a homosexual I could need them for senior pool it looks like Mr. Peanut with other things it got capillaries instead of things I could start circulation with a big ring for Halloween I'd rather like a bubble of things if they're not suction too because I only got a three inch two even with a metric rule I only got a three inch two have them guys it's a lot of thirty two and five sixty double you come by the way just took me this long to figure out the guy that's home sick today allegedly that uh... tell me I'm doing the same old stick sorry that we disrupted his session with his Henry high blow up dog that's where that guy's coming from you have to start thinking about these things you have to wonder well is it a cop that's been on the shape because I'm talking about all these ridiculous bustle swing clubs in barret is that it not in his case I don't think now this guy's like uh... you know he's one of those uh... closet right wingers that's companies trend lot to all right now even as pompom we have an open line in brown and day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty line see I hit the break the news to you sir but the reason I screaming yell about the management about the equipment is because uh... Jim Crawford one of our engineers was just in their trying to figure out his board again today fried last Friday was in here now it's in there because you're trying to make magic out of nothing and our general managers got the the foot's book to come down here and tell me oh well wasn't a bummer's rush they probably engineers promised to be done by such and such you have a lot of cuts by sure does always somebody else's fault always somebody else that made him look bad here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir hey new enjoying your uh... your uh... entertainment you got to be taking this serious yeah now here again the radio show one of the all-bent other ship and let me say it again this is the most unhappy towns in the universe we've got more miserable people more hostile people i mean one was stopping think about it would you even think of call if a findings coming across something on a radio that you were allegedly didn't even know was there and taking the time to call and express you to tell you with it as opposed to the turning of something else or finding something else to do it was probably half time of the spring or show or something probably at you know now listen your terminal about your hockey fans now here's what's going on i gave up and i'm a real fan in the real fans are there anymore because they're pricing everybody out and i'm a good living i'm making a low six figures i can't afford anymore i understand it's a good to have a box ahead that's right i give up my hectic years ago took the kids skiing this summer i this winter we went to veil now i'm going to give up my dance or tickets and i'll probably go to Hawaii i'm going to some not going to support these guys anymore i kept my daughter and listen let me say it again maybe ever heard me say this if the station didn't provide me with my own tickets for all the there isn't a chinaman's chance in hell that i would buy pants or tickets especially after what we sat through last year and until they got buried this year what we saw the first third of the season i mean just pathetic future now maybe weighing can raise the parking maybe he'll raise up to forty or fifty bucks for the dolphins and then they held with him too you know good as long as i'm keeping the i'm going to take advantage of it i'm not going to support him anymore i'm still hanging in the middle with my dolphin tickets but it's a joke i think hockey is is pretty close to pricing themselves out they've caught up quickly have a thing now you look at look at all the empty seats you see because no matter what are we new you look at you see lots and lots of empty seats even in lower bowl and lower bowl are all those corporate seats and again the only reason that those are sold is because they're bought up by the big companies and you're not going to put it but if they don't put a thing but if they don't give them away to somebody or they don't buy the show up on that night what you stuck with is lots and lots of empty seats it's getting pathetic out there yeah all right but hey listen he's got to make the i910 in here they drove the fans away yeah about it okay see you hi yeah it's a better investment i mean if you had a choose between going to Hawaii or buy a season the hockey tickets or like tickets were like 20 forget about season tickets for like 10 or 20 games for the whole family go to Hawaii manual have a hell of a lot better time if you're that as much as i'm a big hockey fan i mean let's face it you know they these owners in these sports mogul these people expect it's like obligatory well you know we went out and built the state of course even in this case if it wasn't with their own money they went out and built this beautiful facility even a lot of stuff doesn't work that should and now we're obligated to go out there and support it with our tangible funds and a lot of people are saying no way here's a mobile in candle hello how are you doing okay sir i'm bored i'm on a mobile but it's got nothing okay in regard to monica and bill a little face is no discrease in the right place you have a great day buddy okay thank you so much what do you say a little much about some post oh what do you say something around with the post we have open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 6 the in 5 6 the on the 18 t where does that see now we get back to that kind of call before about how how you use the world you have to be real careful because the word police are sitting up there at the FSA say oh I mean it's just it just overwhelms me talk about old and stale and tired being in a country where they refuse to make any progress where they refuse to come out in the sunshine and move out of the dark age oh we got the word police the pleasure police the t-shirt on the beach police life is a beach oh yeah but your old parts up there in Hollywood we're going to have a nervous breakdown about that we got the bumper sticker police airbie guide dancing you want to do in this country we got a we got a brand of police for that because just in case that you might actually be having a good time even if you're not harming anybody the freaking pleasure police two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t line George will be here 130 what are you going to do for half hour by the way talk about swinging oh and then the two o'clock we got hanged from to the six we got booster six to ten talking baseball from six day do we know why and then any capital and they can post them gambling short in a clock are you airing like this and look at her when my ball hanged down this way on each other I like you fair hey happy little yellow bag all your little pink thank you all the better this way you poor close wish you don't use us changed these are Jean You can't pass through and rest up your talking room. To take the land of you that plays under my arms. Oh, we're made of freedom, darling. You take my arms, get to learn. You just play. All there will be the pain. No, dead of it. Wake up all men down in twey. So, Jack, please, sir, tell. We're divided. But nothing up there, I wish I'd bear. Oh, little bit of pain. We're made of balls. Look better this way. You're through, little bit of pain. We're made of pain. Oh, little bit of pain. Hey, you're ball spot. Okay, 17 before noon, it's 5.60 QA. I don't have a bonus. But open line and day one and brown. 5.60 and pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I was watching show last night on television discussing that the guy that got fired for saying negatively. Yes. And it hurt me, Neil. It hurt me so bad. It was like somebody shot this beer through the water. No one in my heart, Neil. Yeah. And I want to know of it. Still all right. So, order to YouTube. You're Jewish. No, we can't do that anymore. Thanks. It's not politically correct. No more Jew Jew bees. I used to like those two by the way. When you used to go to the movies back the cameo theater in Rochester eight hundred years ago. We have an open line of day two and brown. 5.60 and pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hi. Yes. Are you doing? Okay. You know, you took that obvious people that kind of like really lame down in the hearing cell phone. I was driving in an open park and it said, you know, it's a big time thinking that's like somebody's paying to the right on the side of the road. And it's been welcomed to an open park and go to the advocacy. Yeah. Well, least around us about it anyway. It's pretty sad. Yeah. Well, not going to change, sir. Maybe maybe that's what that other guy's really so depressed about. They're watching take it out on me. This town isn't going to change. You can go back from 10 years from now, 30 years from now. And they're going to be talking to the same stuff. And it's going to be the same way because it's never going to change. That's pretty sad. Well, that's pretty sad. Right. Have a great day. It's pretty sad. Right. Two open lines in day one and a bra. That's pretty sad. That's pretty goddamn sad is what it is. 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. They are actively aposetic. They are enthusiastically indifferent. You picked a topic no matter what it is. They're local politics. What will you name it? Whatever it is. The pleasure police. They don't care. They're not interested. They don't care what's going on. Just to leave them alone. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah. First time caller a long time listener. Not a mobile but uh. No, no. I wasn't sure it was me. Listen, uh, which my first Panthers game last night. Sorry. Oh, well, it was entertaining. Anyways, pretty sad. The first period was at least. I thought we were doing pretty good up 3 to 1. Um, also I am a police officer. And about 90% of us do listen to you and agree with you. I'm more of that. Oh yeah. I'm at least a listening part. I'm about to agree with you. At least the ones that admit that they listen to you. Some don't. Also, I went to Columbus. And uh. Really? Yeah. About 20 years ago. There's no fact in the church. No. And whoever calls you says there's no facts over there. Is uh. I'm not telling you that. Very deep denial. Yes, they are because there's many teachers there that. Uh, like to say, uh, on the other side. Like the swing at the right time. Yeah. And, um, it would happen with that number 8 there last night. Who's that? Because he was a, uh, 60 space. Yeah. Yeah. We sat on the eighth row. First time got a couple tickets for a friend of ours. Half price. Yeah. That's the one reason we went. We would have paid that. If I think you should have been arrested for impersonating a defensemen last night. So, he's a space. He has got to go, man. Yeah. They're not going to be arrested. What happened to their defense last night? They're not going to be arrested. They missed the bus over the arena. They missed the bus. We need pop-up back. But he couldn't help the defense. I mean, it's a space. Look, when you score four goals or nearly that should be enough to win. Especially when your goal is playing as good as it worked for the first two periods. That should be enough to win. But when your defense doesn't show. I mean, I'll say it again. I have never. I've been watching hockey for 41 years. I've never ever seen a game where there's so many breakaways. One after another after another. And it was kind of like, why do you run your own pal because we're just not going to do anything. Yeah, that's it. No defense. Terrible. The worst. That was pretty bad. Other than that, we had a pretty good time. And I think we may go back once in a while. But not for $60 a ticket. Exactly. That's. Somebody comes up with some pretty tickets. I'll see you there. Yeah, that's the thanks deal. Okay, everything. Yeah, they're pricing it out. That's why they ambience is different. That's why you rarely see most of the same people in the same seats. There are a few exceptions. But most of them are like Sharon packages or they get them whenever the boss will give them the tickets. And no matter what sport it is, that's the way it's become now. That's why they have to put that thing on their regime hackman. You know, the floor. It's time to applaud. Now come on, mix the noise. Two open lines a day to it, Howard. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Port Charlotte. Hello. Hey Neil, I'm almost embarrassed to admit this. But that guy that called about the iron to show. Yeah. That was so obviously a bit. I can't believe anyone would believe that. I mean, it was a character they were trying to do. And the fact is somebody would believe that mean. I don't even remember the call. What was you talking about? Oh, but the interview the cop who arrested Eugene Robinson. It was a cop. There's a black woman in Miami Beach. This was a comedy bit in this guy. Was too stupid to catch on. I was so I was doing comedy, but you can imagine what it sounds like. Right. It was horrendous. And this guy believed it. Which actually not only that. Now I'm wondering if he saw it on TV because he said he saw it on MSNBC. When they do the comedy bits on it, they show the real spinning. They just, yeah, they're so a real spinning display of tape. Right. And even with the real spinning, he still thought it was the real thing. Unbelievable. That's why he'd be so long. That's why the guy still on the air because he got people like this listening to. Oh, my God. Also, you know, every morning I channel surf and I have to go by channel five on my cable, which is MSNBC. And I see him sitting there. And every single day, the last week and a half, he's had his brother Fred on the phone. And this morning he was going through this long talk about old and stale. The thing about the farm again and about how they give him so much trouble out there with his with the ranch and new Mexico and about all of how the New York Times had a right this retraction. Now I don't even watch this show. Okay. Only see a channel surfing for like a few seconds at a time. Every time I go to his, I was Fred, I'm just talking about the ranch by in the farm. He's got these kids with cancer. They're going to come out and watch the ranch form, which I think is amazing. Yeah. Yeah. He gets these cancer leukemius, you're going to come out and he's doing them a favor. They're going to come out and milk the cows and clean up the cow crap. Uh-huh. So, you know, the guy's a fraud. You really is speaking of frauds. Your buddy up and for a lot of bills, the one is behind a lot of this. Why to take problem. Dr. Kennedy. He's behind this. You need to get all the paranoia. Yeah. You're selling a video tape and a lot of you can get it. Absolutely. Hey, listen. He never met a capitalist idea that you didn't like. Yeah. So more power to him. I have a great day. All right. Good old doctor Kennedy up there, man. They never met a marketing tool that they didn't like. In fact, a lot of those preachers. They never met a tool. They didn't hop on. We have two open lines and date one and two and a Howard five six seven five six eight. We're a person in here today. We're squeezing because it's old. It's tired. It's boring too. By the way, which is why we can't get anybody inside of building. We're going to have two more models. We got two calls left there. Let's get somebody inside of building. What the hell is wrong with you people? Wake them up. Inside the building. Can you hear us, huh? No. Well, I'll talk louder. How's that? Please don't bang in that board. Why? Might actually fix some of this crap. Piece of garbage in this man's got the hoods, but it comes down here. Oh, after we build that beautiful state of the art studio up there and thanks to upset. You know, Greg, I'm going to tell you, you can't. You can't possibly really be as dumb as you put on. Seriously, I've never worked for anybody who even Stanley Cohen, who is a really dumb man. Stanley Cohen was a genius compared to the performance this guy puts on when it comes down here. And he always has that kind of confused, like, you know, like, like, like, how Martina went to Godfather? What should I do? What should I do? That kind of look on this space, you know? And the reason he's seen it and what you need to do is because quite frankly, he hasn't got a clue. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I heard you talking earlier about the Henry Lion's thing. I've been in that of the car. Yes. You know how he got caught originally? Tell me. The Tampa story. His wife is real wife found out about the house he had with his bimbal. Right. Right. And she set the house on fire and the cops arrested her for arson. That's right. I remember that. It was long time ago. Yeah. That's over two years. That's right. From page three in Tampa for over two years. Right. And I think that's a good way to get out of the house. They finally nailed them because his wife got kicked off. And put all his clothes in a living room and set them on fire. All right. But you know when you're still in five million, I guess you get a 40 replace him. Okay. We have a one-off line in Brown. All day. Day. I mean, all the browner. Whatever the hell it is on at board. I have no idea anymore. 560, 70560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. And what was that? You're very much when he wants to kiss your naval. Oh, really? Okay. Stick it in your rectum. Okay. One call left on the board. Board is the word. Baby, that's me. I'm bored with a six-seven-0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You've life is so bad at that radio station. Why don't you leave? Because they're paying me a lot of money. That's why. They're wrong. They're wrong. For paying you that money. They're why you're listening. If the show found out worth that money, why you're listening. Because you've won so much, it goes over to the other station. Oh, I won. It's a, it's a Hederdine wine. All right. Oh, the dial. Excellent job, sir. See how originally these people are. It's like the guy to call before that started this. And now there's a run on these calls. Now they got the run. All over the place. Like the one I call immediately. What were the very bad material about? I'm boring because all the calls are mobile. Just one after another after another. Yeah, it's another radio accident. You're so bad. And you're so boring. And you're whining all over the dial. And I'll take the check. Thank you. We have an open line in date. All three and Broward. Broward died on a five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pond five sixty. Maybe they all moved to open park where the model is. We just don't give a crap. We don't care. Pond five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the, in fact, we have a lady at the house. Thank God in a building. Here's a mobile in color red. Hello. Hello. Back to us. Yes. Hey, Neil. I just wanted to talk to, I know it's not a sports station. But I have to talk to you about one thing in get your. A 10 year and a run. What about these guys? Or listen to the first team. Everyone's along. What about these guys? They're talking about these multi multi million dollar basketball players. And they're so amazed that they come in and shape. I mean, they get 10 million dollars a year. Yeah. And they're amazed that they come to ready to play and then shape. Yeah. It's like, you know, what's the deal? I mean, they're paid for a full year. They're getting paid astronomical money and they can't even come back and shape. Yeah. That's ridiculous. That's like you are becoming a work not prepared. No, well, what's more ridiculous though is that people would care about that. See, after these guys were making all this money, slapped the public in the face. Exactly. And they're coming within like an inch of having the season cancel and they say, Oh, no, we think we'll take the money. Thank you. And then there are people actually who will show up. That's what's astonishing. That's that was the fact that people care whether they're in shape or Auto shape. Who cares about that? The fact that people actually will care and lend their tangible support again and show out the big bucks to go see guys and they'll care about them. Not me, Neil. I'm with you, man. At the NBA sucks. I wish you would cancel. I hope. Exactly. But then what's up with the. What is that worst team have been talking about? I don't know. Goldies, waste, maybe. Have a great day, pal. Yeah, that's something that needs to work to be in shape. I keep thinking every time I hear that voice, I think of myself in the smallest markets. I've worked in some teeny tiny little places in some looks and crannies. I'll be in Michigan. Marshall, Michigan. Sturgy is Michigan. I work in radio and those markets. I use it in term market even supermarkets. They're out there bigger than those places. And even in those places, would they have put someone with a voice like that on the year? No, not a chance. Not a chance in a hell. None. You know what I mean? Lenny Martes sounds like Walter Kronkeit compared to that sound. Seriously. Robert the grim Reaper. Robert Young sounds like Westbrook Van Voorhees. Compared to that sound. I'm serious. Two open lines a day one had groward. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. It's four minutes still noon in QAN. It's a lasting garment at a Guadal. Well, I was thrown out on drugs. And a few don't even know because that was fatal when it would liquor in lieu. I was in love with a crowded exchange. And I'm a friend of Bill D. Who's right? He said it. And fellow women can't very near the land. You're present at proof. You're visiting some clear culture, and you're in a beer with a woman who's ever too. She was a frown lady. Won't you give it well, Steph? Give it well, Steph Sponsored. I'm about to give it 13, maybe more. Tag the brush, stop the knob for my show on a turn out gift of the floor. Won't you give it 12 steps, give it 12 steps, Sponsored, give it 13, maybe more. Okay. From get real time of growing my pages, then roll in one point for us. Okay. It's just 12, I wanted 560W. You can win the George Rodriguez Show at 1230. I mean, 130. How about 1230? At 130, and then we got Hank from to the 6th. We got Luke Shambi, 6 to 10. The first two hours talking baseball, which I still can't figure out why, but then the alliance two hours talking other. And then the 10 o'clock in the gamble for you chronic gamblers out there. Open line of dates, just 100 and grow. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in Miami, not on a mobile, hello. Me, oh. Yes, man. Hey, I wanted to call you, because I'm not on a mobile. Yeah. And I'm a lady, and you're not giving away anything today. Mm-hmm. And that we listen to you. We just don't always call. Uh-huh. And I fell on Jared, a picture of Ron Jeremy today. Oh, God. Jesus. You know what I hear you talking about him all the time? I had no idea who he was, and I've seen him in films before, but, uh, I mean, you know, of course. But, um, I just didn't know who he was. That guy is disgusting. I'll go and see him hangs around with him, because then Al does not look so bad about some hers in the worst days, right next to him. Is Algo seen he's the guy from screw magazine? Right. He was on the show also. It was this show about Heidi's life last night. Right. It was on an E entertainment television. And, uh, so I got, uh, got Heidi's place, Ron Jeremy and Algo's, you know, and one show. Wow. Why does that remind screen TV like I do? I have a great day, sweetheart. All right. I love you. Hey, my chest salad's on the way. Okay. Okay. Bye. Bye. Two other lines a day, one at Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six at a mobile one line. So you have never been able to understand that why would anybody? Anybody? I mean, more power to him, guys like Randy West and, uh, Ron Jeremy, but why would anybody want to see ugly people naked? Much less having sex just seeing them naked like the video that Alcenas with him and Ron Jeremy. I mean, I'm going to tell you something you have never ever felt the urge to vomit as strongly as putting that video in the VCR and looking at Ron Jeremy and Algo's scene, side by side, naked. Oh, my God, an owl with his fake member. Is that what that was? Yeah. You can't see his real one. I'm sure that and don't want to either. He had a fake penis. Yes. Algo's thing is got a fake penis. Oh, my God. You're looking for the glory hole. Yeah. Maybe that's what he's using it for. Two open lines a day and five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty at a mobile one line. Maybe we can hook him up with Tempest Storm because you used to have a fake f***. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Just want to let you know that these people, these people are called and complain. They really have no idea what Paul Chereau radio was about. You really appreciate you being there and post those no facts in the church. They're in the temple. Yeah. And that's it. Okay. I've never read these. I guess I'm happy for him. Open line at Broward 2 a day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty at a mobile one line. How do you like that? The I'm a thing the guy was talking about, which I wasn't pretty much attention because quite frankly it's boring. But it was a bit. It was a comedy bed. It was sick. And this guy took it seriously. I mean, how could you take anything seriously? I'm sure anyway. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm another one of your fake police officers who listen to you every day. But I don't deny that I listen to you. Listen, you know, all those people that complain about you and all that. All of them are all about your lives because if they didn't like you, then why do they know all everything you say on your show? But they only listen in little bits and pieces, little drips and drabs, and then they kind of like tie it all together. You know, I laughed so hard because it reminds me of, I'm a Julia. And when you go to all these doctors and there's a whole bunch of tubanolays there, right? And they'll always do, it's not bad about the Christina show, right? But they know everything that goes on in the Christina show. So obviously they're watching it. All that she's all shut up. You bet. But anyway, I just want to get to know that. We love you. My husband is also police officer. And we hear you every. We're a lot of pork in that house. Yeah. Yeah. And who do you to top it off? Okay. Have a great day sweetheart. You too. My wife. Okay. Open line in Broward. 408. 560. 560. On a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the Miramar. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I just wanted to say I love to show this another time. I wanted to agree with the guy of Kabul for about the NBA because as far as I'm concerned, it could just have close for the year or for next year too. I think it totally ridiculous. I mean, there must be a lot of people in this country with no lives at all. I mean, who are just bored to tears, the notion that they would go out and subsidize that crap after these guys slapped them in the post. They jerked them around, slapped them in the face. A lot of almost can't tell in the season. They're making more money than God. They're ready to walk out because they're not making enough. And the people come out and subsidize that. They need mental health. Absolutely. You're absolutely right. I mean, I probably in a year would go to a couple of games down there because someone gives me free tickets. And I doubt I'd even do that this year. Now with the pleasure of staying in Broward and going to the Math Arena. The idea of going down the CB heat, all the way down to Miami and parking and trepying is completely. And plus on top of what they did like, but you say this slap in the face. And I just want to go see the hot tier probably watch the heat on the way home. I guess there are a lot of people out there that like a good free show. That must be it. Have a great day, pal. Thank you, too. Open line of Broward, all three and date is we switch back and forth and back and forth and try to build a little more Metton here today. A little bit of something. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and by the way, they're doing it behind closed doors and the deliberations too. The Senate will be doing it behind closed doors. You're not going to see the land. Thank God, like I told you guys earlier. Because then instead of posturing for the TV audience, they'll like be real quick and say, I don't know how to be put up with that'll be it next. And by Thursday, we can have the final vote and then we can have a party in our pants to get this over with. And that one guy that calls us all the time, that one, the right wing asshole. Oh, can Star is God, that guy. Then what else he going to do to himself? Probably. It's like when the OJ trial ended. There were millions of people in this country who were finally discovered that they had a little bit of a problem. As soon as the OJ trial was over and no longer on television, they were all looking in the mirror saying, I have no luck. Right. That was like a substitute life for millions of people including housewives in this country. Day after day after day rhymes with OJ, which just wouldn't go away as an OJ. Hey. Hey, minutes past noon at 2 a.m. I have no force in. And we all right, ladies, gather round the man's in ready on the count of prey. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. Two, three. Two, three. One, two, three. One, three. Two, three. One, two, three. Five. Two. Two. Two, three. One, two. Two, three. Two. Two. Two. Three. Two. everyone I OD 99% of the calls are mobile calls. So I think that guy had a good point even though he was a major asshole. I think that was a good point. Why is it that people inside do not call not just this show, but this radio station. He was not any of the shows on this station. Here's the Joe on a mobile. Here's Shvendra kind of whatever. Nobody inside of building calls this radio station like I said before, probably because most of them can't hear it. How about now? 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay sir. Yeah, I got two questions about the Panthers. What do you think wrong with the defense? I see complete defensive breakdowns. Every game is not being corrected. They start my second question. What do you mean what do I think is wrong with their defense? Somewhere along the line, there's got to be something wrong because they keep making the same mistakes over and over and over. They continually let the closing teams offensive players behind both defensive men and Burke can always stop so many breakaways before he starts giving them up. My second thing about the Panthers is Melon B. What is he doing on the ice skating around three-fourths of the time with his stick stuck up in the air and keep throwing all over the ice. I mean, we gotta have something better than him to go out there. You mean like, like, like, hurt Mueller and your hand gar law, I don't understand. At least Melon B goes out there in the, at times, makes something happen. Mueller makes nothing happen. Garb law makes nothing happen. This team has got too many stiffs on it. That's the problem with this team. And then I told you that a year ago, nobody wanted to hear it then. This team didn't suffer from a lack of chemistry or from a beer, this squandle goaly last year. They suffered from lack of talent and even with Pavel Brey on the team, you know, you take him and Dean of all the online applies tonight. How many goal scores you have left in the game? And even with the guys that have been scoring lately, like Coslov and America, the wall of all miracles, Peter Warwell, guys that have been scoring score four goals last night and they still lined up losing the game. Right. And why did they lose the game? Because they lost the game because they have no defense. The defense is terrible. They've got Terry Kirkton made a great play block at a shot. I give him credit last night. He saved the sugargull and I score on Terry. But other than that man, they were pathetic. Right. Hedicon was awful. This is the Yarris Law Spocket. I call him City Spasik was pathetic. How this man can be playing? I have no idea. And again, I lay it right back at the foot of the coach. I don't know. So far, with all the talk and all the hoopla, Terry Murray has shown me nothing since he's been here. Absolutely nothing. I agree with you. I mean, if you keep belly I can about the fact that games that they should have won, like they were head three, one in Carolina, games that they should have won. They didn't. How can a coach put out Chris Wells? Two key faceoffs. You've pulled your goal. You're trying to tie it in the last 40, 50 seconds of the game. Two key faceoffs in the offensive. He puts Chris Wells out to take the faceoff who hasn't played an NHL game in how long. You're going to have to lose that both faceoffs and the puck is down the ice and a heart beat. Well, you answered my question and I sort of agree with that I think it lies with the coach. And I also think it lies with the general manager because he's letting him get away with it. And as far as listeners, not hearing you in buildings, I'm in a building that I can't get your radio station inside of. I don't know if it's the signal or what, but I can't listen to you in the inside, unless I'm in my car. So I would go back and get my team. Thanks for the good news. Okay, we have an open line at Broward, all three in day and I'm going to talk his loud as I can. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. They can't hear us inside the building. That's the wonders of being on AM, right? That's part of it. There he goes, complainin' again. Here's your field B, Chelo. Hi Neil, how you doin'? Okay sir. Well I'm in a building and I can get you. Hi. You are the only station I can pick up in this building. Good, that's probably where you're listening. I went out and tried the enrolled coast the other night and boy was I happy. Yeah. I just wanted to call and thank you. I plunged like I've never plunged before. They're quite the pig out man, just as fast we're about a day or two and go in there and go nuts. That was it. And I'm all out of material. Okay, I'm having a great day. God bless you sir. There's a guy in a building who, who did it to the Amal Coast, that's a good seven. The right direction, no, that's not enough of the saber. At least he's in a building. And we're the only station. Let's move on our all the people in South Florida and his building. Oh, we're in a stump building where we could pick this dancing up. Why am I even asking these stupid questions? I know why we don't get too many calls on this station from people inside buildings because it's that. It's that. It's that AM death now. And especially on a station where they all all tell you what thing. The signal outside of town is great. All over the southern part of the state outside of town in town. Not too good. Look at 441. We ever get that straightened out. Oh, it must be the engineer's fault again. You know what, couldn't be Greg Reed's fault. Couldn't be the fact that these people talking who game. Oh, what, you know, we can go 50,000 watts. He when he promised me all these things when he brought me over here. I should have just. I've laughed. Okay, just tell me about the money. Don't make all these other promises. Okay. Because it's all about your bullcraft. Here's sunrise. Hello sunrise. How about punching the button would be good. Okay, let's try sunrise now. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. All right. I'm out of faculty. I'm going to house. You're in a house. Yeah. You're in like a real house in your listening. Oh, right. You're the first one. That's all I can hear you. I get it. Well, you can't have it both ways. You know that. Hopefully, you can't have it both ways. Yeah. Well, once I get the work, I can't hear you at work. Yeah. I don't know why I can hear you. Well, stay home. That's my best advice. That's what I do. I have a great day. All right, now. There's a man listing in a house. Taking a survey. How about how about some of the homeless people under the overpass on over the underpass? Let's hear from some of them with their transistor radio is in their cell phones. Don't homeless people all have cell phones. Of course they do. They're American way, baby. Everybody in their brother's got a cell phone stuck to their rear now. Even shlepers have cell phones. Even lepers have cell phones. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump. 5, 60. On a mobile one line. Look at this. Mobile's in mobile's in mobile's in mobile's in mobile's. Not that I'm complaining. We'll take all the mobile's you got. But now that that guy brought it to our attention again, I think it's a very, very serious problem that our general manager ought to be doing something about. As opposed to defending the defenseless and pretending that it was the engineer's fault, the dog done it somebody else. It's up on a floor up there. It was all goes back to the top. It all goes right back to it. By the way, did it your up to work today? Huh, you don't know. Once you call somebody upstairs and find out. Call up. Nobody's returning my calls. Most of us around here don't like you. Yeah, there you go. Here's a mobile. Maybe that's the message. Mobile and sunrise. Hello. What are you talking about? Murray. He's up for Philadelphia. No, you're the K. Powerful coach. Yeah. He has no emotion whatsoever. You're talking about. You got fired. Yeah. What do you think of that? I think that Derek Lindros, David and like Poison and by the way, even with a boring guy like Roger Nielsen, look how the flyers are doing now, by the way. Huh? First place, baby. How do you like that? I love it. Haven't lost the game since before our foster he was a baby. That's right. Okay. You got to have a great life. Fine. I just did not sold. You know, like I said, I met the guy. I gave him a chance. I didn't hold the fact that he was Brian Murray's brother against him. I met him a second time at the arena before the scene started. He seemed like a reasonable guy. All the way scared me with a couple of things that he said and then I realized now I know why he scared me. And then of course he started getting into his big, you know, wow, you know, you're going to be benched because you sure up to him at a safer practice. And that kind of ding-dong school he was doing. I just don't think that you can treat professional athletes like five year old children and really get the most out of them. It could be wrong. I just don't think that works too well. But when I saw last night his usage of personnel there in the end of the game when you're desperately scrambling to tie up the game. I mean, you got Robbie who if nothing else and did score a goal last night all we've found a nice past there, right? But I mean, here's the guy when he's most of the spaceoffs. It's a good job. He's the best kind of team winning the important faceoffs. Robbie, number 44. There's something he could do. Okay. But does he put him in front of the net? I mean, does he put him on a faceoff? Oh, he sticks in front of the net and his rationale would be. Well, we want to get our snipers out there for the goal. You got to win the faceoff first, Dumbledore. Chris Wells. I feel sorry for Chris Wells. I'm not going to get on that kick again. Okay. Now that he's back, I feel sorry for him. He's kind of, you know, puts him into a situation last night, undo pressure there in a position he shouldn't have been in the first place. Setting him up for failure. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I want to talk to you about a brewery's contract. Hello. I'm here. I'm listening. What's the difference to take stay in him 10 million or Gary Shepfield 10 million when he is in a own both teams? How do you mean, how do you justify paying him 10 million? And you can't pay Gary Shepfield or somebody else the same money. He comes to very shepfield was a stiff and had a crappy attitude. Was a piece of crap. I've never had brewery's only been here a couple of weeks. Yeah. I'm on favor of paying him the money, but I don't understand his rationale. How he can pay his rationale has got to be. That first of all, he's got the big new arena that was built for him. He's got the capacity to even even with the increased payroll now to still make a hell of a lot of his money back on a hockey team. Where is the big stuff going to last past this year? You think that the arena is going to be filled every game? Not if not if they don't make the playoffs. I mean, we had thousands of empty seats there last night. But he committed to a five-year contract. Well, we are so at least the kiss to ground for that. Thank God, we got something to look forward to. So, don't look at gift horse in the abut. I love it. Okay, pal. I'm a very shepfield. We all know about him. He's an asshole. Exactly. But see, again, it's that creative financing. Nobody really knows how much did he make how much did he lose the real thing with that Marlin business. Nobody will ever really know. All we know is that he doesn't own it anymore in this guy John Henry owns it now. And some of the people, by the way, that are kissing his butt woman at turning around the next minute saying, Oh, look what they didn't send the ego. How they screw the fans over there after they got him to build a new state even they blew off most of the team. Now some of those people that have been kissing John Henry's answer all over the place are saying, Well, we don't want to get stuck in that here. Which I would agree with that last part, but I just don't understand it. I don't get it. I mean, I realize we're in a very delicate predicament here since this is your Marlin station. Open line of day five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line. God. There's something in here. This is a goddamn sick building that just had the EPA thing on sixty minutes Greg. We want you calling up somebody to do something about that instead of trying to tell us how the end of the dog done it. Here's Bell Harbor. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, I've been looking to you since I was a 16 year old. Yes. I've been looking to you since I was a 22 year old. I was just wondering because I know that you say you don't ever really endorse people unless you're, you know, unless a moon or sorry about that. And let's let's you see something about them. And the only reason I ask you is because I was in, you know, I'm kind of like in a queer crisis here. Yeah. I want to change careers. I just wondering, you do an ad for a fast train. Right. Do you know if that's any good? I mean, do you know if anybody actually is graduated and made any money after they graduated? Of course. I mean, I've never graduated. This is like one of those phony bronchets. Yeah, you know, I was thinking that's like, like, eight, I kind of, you know, clapping all that out. No. Now, I've never do this. But since I heard you say something about just curious. Could you know, I know you don't endorse something unless you believe in it. Right. Okay. On H-187-798 train. I wrote it down on my, I knew. Yeah. I work in Bell Harbor and I can't catch on my building. But my coworker takes me because I still leave the stack. I still live in T-R-N-U-S. Oh, thanks for the good news. Good luck. Cheers. Okay. Two open lines and date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. But now we're to go here. I think I'll make it. But I'm going back to the doctor again. I'm just, you know, something I may just go to the doctor every day. Cheers, man. I made tick off like a half hour. I go to the doctor every day. Not necessarily the same doctor. Just with different doctor every day. Until I get rid of this. I'm just, I mean, the rash is a little bit better. And I'm feeling like right now better than I was about nine thirty. But it comes and it goes and it's here and it's there. And I got other stuff that's starting that wasn't there before. It gets real old and talk about old and stale. It gets ancient. How about somebody that says, ah, here is what it is. Here's what we're going to do about it. How about even this? Okay. Put you out of your misery. Something. 1226 and 560 QA. And we're. Ray Wittney has a pair. And we're all right, ladies. We got it round. We got him to play that. Quite a lot, then. I'm like, I haven't a conversation. I would do it about other stuff and I'm not paying any attention. Okay. If you notice that I'm not paying any attention. I'm really not because we're preoccupied with the other stuff that's going on around here. With some of the strange things that are going on upstairs, where they're hiring. All of these things from off the street. But I guess some of these things, maybe you just could have five different sports jacket. We have an open line of day five six seven five 60. Or maybe it just wasn't that day. Five six seven five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line. I mean, seriously, you you have to be mentally deficient to say, or to some of these people are wandering this building. I mean, how is it possible? Unless they're just doing it on a spite. Here's a mobile and poor thing, Lucy. Hello. Mobile and poor thing, Lucy. Going once. Going twice. Nice hearing from you. Open line of day one and brown. Five six seven. Five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Let's see that again. We're all right. Ladies. Okay. Thank you. Here's Tampa. Hello. Yes sir. Listening in a building. In a building in Tampa, but on the audio net. You got it. Long time Mr. First time call or maybe you said in a local people better fire up their computers. At least they can hear us inside on the audio net. Yeah. It wouldn't have to worry about radio reception. Then would they. Right. And as far as the people down there think that hockey is a problem. It's the terminal here beyond all beliefs. Yes. Most of you have a no team. No team. No doubt. Left right. And we are a bastion of castaways. And we're just waiting to pick up somebody else's garbage. Yeah. And I guess it's all I had to say. Why do you got that stuff on reshray? That damn fact. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One minute. He's with the team. Yeah. Well, maybe you'll find a boyfriend out of town. Well, the talk is they're trying to get rid of a top player to pick up some backup away from Dallas, to record something. Yeah. And they want to call up a call up. I don't know. They're probably. They're probably. They're probably doesn't really make any difference. At this point, they're going to have to like disband. They're going to have to like, tweet away window, car, can rob zander. Anybody that they got that anybody wants. They're going to have to like go back to the youth movement. It's going to be another four or five years before they put that franchise back together. And I'm still really messed up. And the worst news by the way that I'm reading is that until us, because until us, because you know, has got a group now, they want to come back and buy the team. War Williams is supposedly looking for an equity partner because I guess you got an all over his head. Yeah. But the last thing you want back is for us, because he goes through. Oh, without a doubt, that's it. It's a reason why we're as horrible as we are today. Yeah. Well, good luck, pal. Thank you, sir. Guys, I'll need it. All right. Okay. Poor Tampa Bay. You know, we usually don't sympathize with those poor bastards over there too much. But wow. Do you think we got problems here? Poor Tampa Bay bucketier. I mean, I like me. That way. Exactly. Open line today at 5.6705. 60, pound five, 60 at a mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. So, you know, I'm out here from California and I'm walking. Listener to yesterday driving down 95. I take the 595 and before the split, five lanes and one direction. Yeah. The woman in front of me starts slowing down real fast. I'm going 65. He starts slowing down real fast. I mean, we're speeding up a little slow. Yeah. Getting in the starting foot at repeatedly. I'm using sand to keep dirt around the surface. Man, we've now built bigger than what has been around the glacier. Very fast, almost starts slowing down very fast. I'm hoping for a doctor with somea. He canset amn of ethyl, tough shoes. Started  side by side. Exactly. And his near bike helps really high mobility butterflies see this. Can you see this? I don't speak to the brain. The worst thing that was close to his Provider? No. These are not just They tend to really curl something like this. I don't know, anyone mentioned the Lawrence Taylor side line thing that Bimbledon did at the Pro Bowl Games Sunday? No. Probably not probably nobody watched the Pro Bowl not if they had a brain relife. Fortunately. How could anybody watch the Pro Bowl? Well, you know, the, and these are guys that never want to give up. But somebody should tell them, guess what, the Super Bowl, it's all over after that point. Nobody cares anymore, but they just insist they just got just one more game, please. Just one more. Well, check this out. After this little sign line with Taylor, Alan and Dan are going on the end and the guy, you know, I met him off the field, but I thought, and they asked Boomer, if you ever met that guy, I could, you know, I couldn't understand a word he was saying in that interview. So, and it was gibberish. Yeah. I mean, he was like still on the crack stuff. Who got it? Okay, thanks for the good news and like I said, welcome to Florida. So what was he saying? Oh, that wasn't it. What the was he saying? Oh, yeah, it's a bit of a little bit of a problem. Well, you know, it's a little bit of a problem. Well, you know, it's a little bit of a problem. Two open lines a day one in Broward, 560, 750, 560 on a mobile one line. Anybody inside a building somewhere going to talk to us today, huh? Anybody anybody anybody can hear us inside a building? No. Yeah. Cher, shouldn't be doing that because 99% of the cause we get our mobile. Now we'll scare today and mobile people away. Do we want to do that? No. God forbid, we should do that. We oughta business. So my new on business, okay, pop with your mobile crap. Here's a member of Pine, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm in my house and I can even hear you in my class at college. Oh, my God. So I mean, hey, I can hear you perfectly. For what more could you want in life? Just a couple of quick things. I know you say they're spags in the church and I believe you 100% I went to a Catholic high school in Hollywood. And which is run by the brothers, the marines brothers. Yeah. They're the biggest bunch of homos. Right. And I know why the macarines so loud. There's a fact in the church. Yeah. You say there's nobody alive in sunrise. I believe you. I think they're trying to wake the dead. They didn't work in pal. You can't. If you ever drove in sunrise lakes, believe me. It's not working. There's nobody alive there. Can I call somebody to do spags? Yes. John Roberts here at douchebag. Okay, pal. Thank you. See in sunrise lakes where even he old people. Oh, hey. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Oh, see in sunrise lakes where even he old people. Oh, hey. Wow. You ever drive to there? There's that thing called sunrise lakes Boulevard. You know, oh, boy. Wow. Hey, our friends from California, they call the couple of calls. They go, now that we've indoctrinated initiated, you would stop for the driving. Now, really take your life in your hand. Start out right now. Grab over to Helen. They'll be full of art. Drive east over to the beach. Then turn around and go back once you through all that construction about three hours. And then go back over and then drive up north through sunrise. And try your luck at sunrise lakes Boulevard. Try your luck weaving your way to that road there. They're going to go through the whole complex. And if you survive that call us tomorrow. Sunrise lakes. The only state in America where dead people still have a driver's license. And are still driving around. The worst. But hey, there he goes again. To all the stale. It's not me that's old and stale. It's the population here that's old and stale. You can smell him 50 miles away. It's either the goddamn naval letter, the Colossalmy bags running over one of the other or both. I mean, what is that? I shouldn't, I shouldn't, it's old and stale. You're right. So, seriously, when I drive around here and you look to your left and you look at your right, you're looking at the other people that are out there driving on the road. Because I look around and I think of myself, okay, how many of these people could possibly listen to my show? You understand? How many of these people could I possibly be reaching? And I look around and I see so many bizarre, I mean, it's like a under-term at origin. I don't even know if I can put my finger on it. And I certainly wouldn't want to. I mean, I just can't describe where did they come from? What are they? What is their story? Do they have a story? And then about every hundred cars of any, I guess somebody gave me the thumbs up or flipping the bird with something. Hey, great. And then the next ninety nine cars again, it's that same. And I keep wondering where in God's name do you start? I already stayed. Come from. Twenty one-two-one at five, sixty-w-two-q-a-amp. I want to bang in the butt, honey. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Bill's the cars and mine, it goes with China. She left out a gigo. When he made it way go, money goes, not the time. You can do in the behind, put us in a car and have a giant a cheese, oh my. Were you first back then? Where he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or ends, you made horror. And then I can saw the term see the back. Means saw her naked. Stars report and lead to go in blind. Means so funny. Now Clinton, he was working hard. Late night in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. He took a maconudo for an explode in. Loading for a monocle was flowing, rings the smoke. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Bill's the cars and mine, it goes with China. She left out a gigo. Every time he makes it way gold. Monaco is not the kind you can do in the behind, put us in a car and have a giant a cheese, oh my. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Whore people feel that Hillary's been made to pull her by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom she was mown in. Mown in how far was she when her with bills all gone. All right. Bill's the cars and mine, it goes with China. She left out a gigo. Every brick and time he makes it way gold. Monaco is not the kind you can do in the behind, put us in a car and have a giant a cheese, oh my. Whore can do in the city. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Whore, yeah. Whore, yeah, yes, yes. I'm 46.560WQAM. So you know who we haven't heard anything about in a long time? Is he still on the air? Do we know? We have any idea? No. She is still on the air. But with the US there is like, I mean, Rick and Sud's like, you got to be for me to come out of our Rick and Sud, which I would listen to them, but I don't want to hear where Rick talking about the stock market place. But do we ever get any comment on, no, she's talking about cookies a lot lately. Is an eating them also talking about fan people blowing up like a whole, all by the way, speaking of over there, yes, who's doing the news on Rick and Sud's show in the morning? When are your favorite people, John Ford? Yeah. I heard it. Oh, no. You lose, John. You lose, John. Go from the morning show host to the morning news guy. Wow, nice going, Pete Boulder. Oh, you got an A's got an Ask for Telltale that he doesn't. Here's Miami. Hello. You know, hi, Doug. Okay, sir. I call him the last week. I choose my birthday. I'm going to help back. And I'm going to. I went to a went out backstage. Yeah. And I mentioned chocolate thunder from down under and you made all of the diarrhea sounds. Which I thought was really funny. But it wasn't funny when it's practiced after finishing it. At the 10 minutes after finishing the Zerdai was on the road. What happened to her? Yeah. And that was a chocolate thunder from down under. You better believe it. I was, you know, I was dying. I was dying. And finally, you know, I mean, did you actually release this? No, no, no, no. It was rumbling. It was pushing. Well, we all had to run like, but only a few selects of. Oh, no. Actually done a deed. Oh, no, not in the pantomu. No, no, no. Well, I'm curious. When your options become limited. Okay. I mean, it's in nature. It's something that we can't control. The Lord works in the serious ways. When your options are in when you run out of options. Well, you, you go elected, Dennis, it open wide. Well, well, well, not in the car. Well, well, finally, I managed to find a bathroom. And as I was sitting on the top. Back food, joint. Thank God we got so many. That's the only dinner good for those people. Absolutely. And I was thinking I was saying, I'm not the anger the Neil God because he was exactly right. And now I know I like chocolate thunder from down under. But being complete more and I'd probably do it again. Because I'm going to go out and put on the butter. But if you've been to read what it says on the menu with the outback under chocolate, thunder from down under which it says, You know, make it sh**. Absolutely. The other thing, the other quick thing, Neil, is the thing about the swingers room. Yeah. You know, you got a bunch of old people that are picked off for two reasons. So, the one, you know, they don't want to get in there. Absolutely. And number two, they're completely, and I know this is, they're completely bored. And you know, it's not, well, you can, you can take boredom to such an extreme that you're ruin other people's lives. Right. And one, there's nothing to do. It's like the moment I was telling this story about her dog behind me at the hockey game last night. And again, it was irritating because he was talking to her out. And the story was not that exciting. But I do sympathize with her because he's definitely got a neighbor who's a yenta. And look at a greater problem. I mean, it's a private club. You're not hurting anybody. You know, it's limo on. That's, you know, it's just annoying. But hey, I want to. You, you better understand though, with old people down here, most of them have got nothing to do. Absolutely. So they pick, I don't want to mention my mother, but they take little, little, my new thing. Absolutely. And they magnify them into big crises and a big song in the day. Oh, I'm not losing sleep over this. And I don't know what I'm going to do. And you narrow it down to such a miniscule thing. And you have to occupy it. And you have to let make and I don't know, get on the computer or something. Have them do something. Have them think they have some purpose in life because they don't watch any of these things from people like your mother. You're the more the terms nursing home, start entering your mind. Real rapidly. Understand? There's a little bit of a whole. I keep saying that to myself over and over again. Kind of great day. Think about it. And don't do it again. And then it will be like, doesn't that sound interesting? Nursing home course. Some can be pretty expensive. But then there's probably something like real low-end district kinds that are real inexpensive. Kind of like, uh, haha, where they be is the people. Like the coo coosiness. Yeah. For the jacknacles into the world are like hanging out, Mr. McMurphy. Because, you know, all I have to do is here one more time about that. Kada sild on my will and about my mother's condo that I bought for her and about how she's losing sleep at night and the itching and scratching because her nurse see. If I had nothing going on in my life at all. And that was the worst that the most important thing I had on my mind. I'd feel like life was great. If that was the most impressive matter on my mind is what am I going to get a sheet of paper that she knows is already done. But anyway. But to use it as an excuse, it's creating something to occupy to make something out of. When there's not too much there. Nursing home. Okay. We have an open line of day five six seven. Five six to five six to the mobile one line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes. Okay. The guy called before about about he was trying to change his career whatever and you mentioned something about. Broadcasting schools and it really is scary. Most of them. Yeah. Really. Okay. I think they probably would take yelding in a broadcast and school. So what is that. Most of them are full of crap. It's the five 60 broadcasts. Exactly. All right. That's all I had. Okay. Okay. And it's like my last plate. You're doing back. Okay. And I still can't envision them doing it. You know. I mean, there's a lot of people we can envision doing much of anything but those two. I'm sorry. She just had the gigantic kudos from what he said and a big shape. Right. Who was what he told us? Open line of day one and a Howard five six seven five fifty pound five sixty on the mobile one. And that's like that's why the Anglo guys like the Cuban chicks because they got a big shape. Right. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Two things. First of all, some nice lakes. Yes. The problem is not that they can dry. The problem is more of them than can dry it. Who's both. All right. Yeah. So I mean, you know, you want a problem. We need to go to district in this county and we need to finish the influence of those. In the Caribbean and dwellers. How about that term nursing home? No comes in handy again. It starts to pop into my head as soon as you mentioned sunrise lakes. I think of a big nursing home. Sounds better. It's true. The thing involved is an article in the business section that today's neighbor you probably liked. Yes. He's then go offers academics from secrets of his success. Oh. And the yeah, they've got a, they've got a quote. They pull that of it on the, How do I think? Public without even really trying hard. Focus on from higher good people on to for Norse says. Uh-huh. All I want an area that doesn't have the long list of all the Jews that works for Wayne by the way. What I want to know is what even is important to use. I mean, what do you call it to a Pito in, in a modern corporation? Yeah. So, you know, you have people persuaded to buy your product. Okay. I'm going to read the detail again a little bit too emotional about it. We have an open line in Broward to in date. 560, 560, 560, 560 animal. And you're going to all-answer about your cost. I can see that. He'll be here. It's called. That's wrong with you. I mean, got to be here 130. What do you want? I'm coming here a quarter of it. Hold your hand for 45 minutes. You're like my mother again. Nursing home for Cuban producers. That sounds nice. Yeah. It's happy pills. Yeah. That'll put you to sleep for a long time. Kind of like the shots that Holly's getting there on guiding lights. Oh, here's another shot. Of course, she got out. Everybody always gets out and they're lurking. You know, everybody's lurking out. They're all the evil people are lurking. Alan's spawning is lurking. How's hard to invite the way to the heat like they could come back? I must have missed that. Do you want me to show it to Merrick? Oh, look what we got here. It's bigger than making it come back. Happy for him. That's why I called. Where have you been? Talk alone. Yeah. Right here. Sit down. I know what. Sit down. Your fat fan. What's going on between your mother and you? What do you mean by that? We'd only aches and pains and scratching and... Maybe it's sympathetic scratchy. She knows I have this rash, even though it doesn't niche. She's doing that. She's just going to have something to scratch about. What did you wish mother would not have to scratch about? Well, thank God. I'm too busy. What for you? So you should call my mother and tell her to get, you know, my niece. Give me a number of calls. She'd love talking to you. Yeah. I would like to call her. Happy for him. Yeah, if you tell her that. And you know, Passover is March 31st, first. Yeah. Well, let's take one at a time. Okay. Let's call her. Oh, I was in first. Oh, plural. You gotta get your home in caution. Happy for her. Right. Yeah, thank you. I really just brought by the way that we haven't seen our good close personal friends from that pastry-lane bakery yet with our real, the MS to real almond. Right. Yeah. Don't ever eat those little hard ones. No. No. It's very hard to get the large ones either. And my nephew's coming Sunday from New York, but he's bringing bagels. Oh, my God. Yeah. He brings a whole bag big one. Large, large, big ones. It's terrific. Other than that, I'm doing all right. Thank God. Everything's fine. Yeah. And I don't complain. So I just hope they get the president and other who's also. Yeah. There are more days. We'll be over this crap. Then we can come up with something new. You know, we can come up with the Tony and Martin trial or something new and exciting. So you're going to the doctor again now. I'm going to get my credit going up there. I'm going to tell him, look, do something guys. I'm going to do what I'm going to do. What was I going to do? What was I going to do? Well, all I can say is, thank you. Thank you. Oh. She said, don't take any bull from him, but she didn't say. He said it. The other guy was trying to take one. And she said it. Had been promised we'd all right. Don't do it again. Oh, that was choice 1257 and 560 Q and it's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. It's national big bean mutt. And we're asking what do you like about faith being? It's great. They're nutrition. They make it part. A lot. Yeah, they're baked beans with all my parties because nothing breaks the ice like breaking wind. You're going to do a really big one here. Listen, I lost these old mess of beans. Let's say the dog did it. Here it comes. Make beans make bubbles in the best. Ready? Here's your meal of microphone. We've got some more. Yeah. Lots of baked beans during national big bean mutt. Oh, it's going to be big. This mess. It's brought to you by the national big bean counsel. Oh, fossil arm. Okay, it's one or two at five 60 W to Q and board. We got it. I'm going to start doing this every day. If you wanted to do one 30 to two every day, then it'll be like one to two and then like 1132 for the same pay of course. We have an open line of day two and groward five six seven oh five 60 and five six the on the AT and T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I heard a couple of people today say they can't pick up your station inside their buildings. I came across a device in a communications radio catalog that's a retransmitter for under $45. You put a near a window with your AM radio that will pick up your station. It retransmitted an FM within 150 foot radius anybody in the building can then pick it up on their FM radio. You're a little portable radio on their FM radio. Well, where is it pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. It pops into the earphone jack of an AM radio like a GSU per radio. Yeah. I'm going to go into the window. Did a retransmit, they said signal and retransmit it on FM to a blank spot on the dial where you selected. It transmits it all over the building to 150 foot radius and anybody can pick it up. I'm about that. And it's a lesson 45 bucks. It's a C-crain company. I could give you their number or send you a catalog. Yeah, well, I'll send that to me. Be right. Okay. I'll do that because you get a lot more listeners that way. Great. Well, though it's. Hang on. You got the address. Yeah. I got it right here. I'm doing it. Okay. Okay. Take care of him. I actually get one or two more listeners all I doubt it. Two open lines in the Broward one and day. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. I know. Yes, sir. I listen to your show because I ride around a lot in the car. I do sales for my firm. And, you know, the reason if I was in the office, I wouldn't be able to call in is because, you know, I'd have other calls or things to do. So, I think a lot. The guy was asking, why are they all cellular? You know, when you've got to wait 45 minutes, you know, you kind of have to, you know, I'm a captive audience and I'd select listening to you. I'd try listening to Dr. Laura sometimes, but she just goes to when he's full of open, you know, it's not worth listening to. But I, you know, you can only carry so many CDs in the car and after a while you like adult conversation and, you know, smart talk and whatnot. So, I listen to you and, Rachel, I listen to the guys proceeding you and not so much because I normally don't get out of the office at that time. But I think that's why a lot of the calls are mobile. I don't think it really has to do with the reception because I listen to your station when I'm in the office. It's just, you know, unfortunately I have other tasks to do. But I wanted to tell you about this billboard I just saw on Hialia. Yeah. It said, and I'm paraphrasing it because I didn't ride it down, but it says something like, with ticket prices up, crowd noise should go down. Can you feel it? I mean, something like the kind of, the, the, like the, the, the, the, the. I think, so I can tell you what, that's, that's the thing in your comments on the on the and the A. Season. OK. And have a great life. I see. Let me say. Okay. One call left on the board. That's not going to last to 130 is it. That's not going to do it. 5 670 5 60, pound 5 60 on the 18 tier wireless line. Let's go. Let's get out of Guideam. Switch your OK. They're all these important things going on. The Senate chapel has gone a prayer now. He had him off this ridiculous nonsense and he goes on and on and on and on and Jesus name them. Maru Khatat and not all his silly old crap. The Senate chaplain he's talking to try to the bad thing that happened was that guy you see that guy as a pedestrian got killed. The whatever they call him the clerk. They used to read the role. Senator buy Senator buy I he was great everybody knew his yeah. Even people are totally politically illiterate knew that guy's voice. Senator Kennedy Senator Kennedy you know and he got to the board. He's in his wife cross the street on Sunday and all of a sudden. Oh, he did. Mobile in Miami. Hello, yes sir. The guy said he listened to a law. What's the matter with that guy? Anyway, maybe he's a man's a kid. Maybe he likes hearing some nasty bits too many out. I wanted to kind of do a little godfather talk here. Yeah. I was wondering how good is your Italian because this is one scene like you know in a godfather one the. The big wedding scene at the beginning. Yeah. Whether you know the other thing like that traditional Italian. I'm already I don't know what it is. Yeah. Really during. You know the hand gestures that it's something really dirty. Yeah, I look like you was just in the same thing. Yeah, right. Man, I'm really, you know, really great in the movie. I don't know what the heck is that. That's that. That's that. Yeah. He played the movie. The movie guy. What's his name? Like a big producer director. Jack Wallen. Jack Wallen. Yeah. Jack Wallen. Hey, guys. You know, if you put in the movie, you feel great. Like, there's one point I want to kind of play for you. Maybe I want to consider cutting into the cards. I think it's a great. Are you ready? Yeah. Okay. I don't get how many. Staying out getting your walk. Great ball. Go and walk. I'm German Irish. What do I mean? Say something. My class makes fun. How great is that? I'm standing. That's the best. All right. I'm going to have a great day. I'll see you in the whole sets of New York by the way. Maybe we're sure we're more from there. You don't know. Godfather, baby. You got a lot in common with Frankie Pintens. He was brother having a stop in the weekend. We have an open line at Broward to the day. Five six seven ads between the brothers. Five six seven five six. The in-com five six the on the AT&T wireless line. Because of man in my position can't afford to be made to look. Here's the open part. Hello. No one. If you didn't press the button. I put my finger on it. How about on the button? Open part. Hello. I'm going to a week finger today. Yes sir. Here it is. The reason that you think everybody is on mobile. Are you ready for this? Yes. Because when you call George makes it sound like that if you're on a mobile, you're going to get through quicker. You don't? Yes. Because he says, that we're paying for it. I know. But the thing is the phone's going to go dead when you're on a mobile. Right? What do you mean by that? Well, if you're on a mobile for a long time on a hole, you're your battery's going to go bad. If you don't have a real good situation. It is. Of course. Well, how come I don't have a hole a lot of time? How come you don't put yourself on. I'm talking to this cigar. How come you don't have one of those adapters? It'll never go dead. You're a cigar. Huh? You unplug yourself on onto a cigar. Into a cigar lighter. Into a cigar lighter. Into the cigarette lighter. Talk to yourself. It was like Monica. I thought you were a cigar. That's it. Get with it, pal. He doesn't get it. He's not putting his cigar in Monaco's in Uranus. We have an open line in day one in Broward. What would you make a cell call from your fault car without having a thing plugged in with the adapter? No, the adapter's in the glove box. Right. The battery's weak plugged in. Even if the battery's not weak. At least that way, you're not going to get the call center up this. I don't want you to think about it. If you can afford a even a slipper like you. If you can afford a cell phone, you can afford an adapter. That sticks to the cigar in your window. You have phone jack and a your a lighter thing. Just stick it in the socket, man, in the phone too. They're a little slow. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Do you like chili? Really hot chili. Then you should try all Malleys do really f***ing hot chili. It's so hot. It's guaranteed to burn the rough of your f***ing mouth or your money back. Made from the hot of telepeneous spices and peppers. After just one bite, you'll say, wow, that's the hottest f***ing chili I've ever tasted. That's a Malleys do really f***ing hot chili. From the makers of g***ing damn good, Chaturin, f***ing soup. Pick some of my f***ing groceries today. Remember if it's not a Malleys, it's not that f***ing hot. 14 at 5.50WQ. I'm so anyway, if you've got your TV on and you're watching CNN, you've got the sound of the sound. I'm like, I do. Don't get sucked in here, okay? Because they need 67 votes. This is their voting now. I'm whether they're open, they deliberations are not. They need 67 votes going I. They need the... I need the... I need the... I need the... 67 times. And are they going to get it? No. In fact, it's interesting. 25, yes, and 21, no, so far. 19 Democrats are voting. And only one, no. But Republicans, seven are voting. And 21, 22, 21. No. Okay. So for some strange reason, Republicans don't want to open the deliberations, but the Democrats do. I just mentioned that in passing. I'm like, I totally got before I'm delighted that they're not going to do it, because this will shorten it up in a hurry. They'll be real brief and get to the point, because they won't be able to posture the TV viewing public. But nevertheless, it does strike me as very peak-queouser that the Republicans are voting almost all of them. No. And the Democrats are voting. Let's open it up and let the people there what we've got to say. 32, 22. Very soon, they'll have the 30 year for an esensery to make sure that it don't pass. Here's a lady, mobile and tempered pie, and hello. Hi, no, Neil. Yes, man. Oh, why, yeah? Great. First time, one time. Okay. Okay, great. Well, we'll give her the number for the, the, well, but, well, the, thanks to the, thanks to the, and they can say, each other all day, huh? Wow. Great. Thank you, sweet. Hello, good afternoon. Two open lines a day two and a brawler, five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the 18th, where I'll just line. Thank you so much. Here's a mobile informyer, so long. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I, I mean, the public is sitting in a file. Clinton was an, in a military that he'd be court marshals for a, a don't for your right. Yeah. But I served in the military. I'm telling you that like 90% of the people that she, the two of her wives, or husbands, we went overseas. Like, milling beans and stuff like that. And a lot of guys doing each other on a ship too in the, and they, I don't know about that. Everybody's other than the naval, yeah. Yeah, okay, right on. Bye, bye. Okay. He started out very enthusiastic, and then by the time we got to the, and the, the, the, the, the call, it was, like, kind of a different, to see a different tune. They're doing it, baby. Okay. They're doing it. I hate to break those, do you, okay? There's different meanings for the, the, the, the, that expression, naval attack. I know there comes a great shot, told you, military guys out there. Oh, no, yeah. Okay. Because anybody with a brain knows that there's no fact in the military. We know that. One call left on the board for 13 minutes here. That's not going to fly as if five, six, seven, five, 60, and pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. She didn't call me and talk about that. Swing him thing, because they know you're going to talk about it now. Just like this last guy, they don't want to talk to some, but the heterosexual couples do any other. Yeah, what do you know? A lot. Here's a mobile and coral spring, silo. Hey, first time caller, long time cock and much, you're, I'm going to go it. Okay. You're, yeah. You're my hero, man. Yeah. You're my dreams. I had a dream with you in it, man. Uh huh. You were touching me. Yeah. That was a private part. No, that was a nightmare for me. Yeah. And you've never seen before. You know that's a nice man. Okay. Let's go to a mobile in highly, a sound like swishful thinking to me, sir. Mobile in highly, hello. I'm going to be a lake. Yes, sir. Hey, two things. George doesn't make it sound like Joe. You're going to get on quick and where the mobile. I'm on a mobile on my dime. I don't have, uh, the freebie connection. Yeah. On second lake. Well, anybody got on a mobile on their dime should be pushed to the top of the list. Shouldn't they George? What? If they're on a mobile on their dime? Why? And say they're on their own dime. Oh, like I said, we don't believe you. I'm going to be a little bit more inclined to designate where it's coming in on the freebie. No, wait. Hey, listen, we're lucky we've got a phone here. Okay. I mean, surely this company is so guy damn cheap. We're lucky we've got a phone that works. Something. The second thing is, um, I did get through quick, but, um, I used to call it work when I was in the office. Uh, when you had, uh, you know, board full of calls and it could only sit by the phone on home for so long before I just, uh, sidetracked or had to do something else. Right. Or taking another call. Uh, you know, what's the average weight on a phone call? I'm sure you have a number there. Like what? 15, what do you mean? A lot today, in fact, let's see. You waited, uh, what does that say? I waited about 30 seconds. You 11 seconds. Yeah, not even that. I'd be like that. Well, I heard it. I heard you say one call on the board. I'm sure you did it with my chance to get my two senses. But that's, uh, that's what's up with work. Okay. I'm thanks for your two cents. I've ever great day. Can you give us this two cents? By the way, they're not going to open the liberation. It's 58. Yes, in 39. No. 58. Yeah. And that means they've, they've, they've, they've got to 34. I mean, it couldn't get the two turrets. So if you can't have two turrets, I mean, why open it up? They're not going to open the liberation. They're going to do it behind closed doors because everybody with a brain knows that that's the American fucking way. That's right behind closed doors because many of them are too embarrassed. It's interesting. The ones that are voting know the 40 Republicans of the one Democrat who voted, No, or, you know, they want to do it behind closed doors because they too guy name embarrassed to go public in the tell us what they think. I guess they can be those poll numbers too, huh? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Neil, how you doing? Great. I'm reading the book, Rosie Con, I wanted to ask you, oh, I'm not asking. I wanted to mention to you. Tony Martin isn't in their yen. And part two, you know, the judge who said that she was ill and had to be replaced when she was going to send the white receiver for Kansas City? Right. You know why she was afraid to do? I heard that there was a cover up about that. How's that? I'm kind of sitting off for her blank check. Yeah. And the judge that replaced her was a silly, was a, was a, was at one time the personal lawyer for the Kansas City organization. All right. Great. I have heard about that. And I figured I'd tell you, and what's that? She comes in when I'm to move to work for the Olympic and international Olympic Committee. For Utah. Right. Take it easy. You have a great day. That's close by at the IOC. Open line of day one and brown. That's what George is going to be talking about. Scandles in the IOC. Five, six, seven. What? What are you shaking your head about? Scandles with the Olympic Committee. Don't you understand the men are women, the women are men, the roll-on. Steroids are all these payoffs. And it's an interesting now that there's all this alleged outrage about the Salt Lake City. And it was the crooked Mormons over there. And now it's coming to light in Toronto. What other cities all over the world? This has been going on for years. They've been putting the squeeze on these guys. They want their hookers. They want their payoffs. They want their meals. They want their booze. They want it. You know, you're you're you're you're you're us. What's your career back? Because that's the way the corrupt world that we live in operates. I hate to break the news to you for Virginia. There is no Santa Claus. There is no God. But yes, there's a lot of corruption out there. A lot of Schmerin going on. There's Schmerinith. Here's a lot of hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You have to see if the 22 years listen. Don't let the doctors go near you. Let me say that. I'll stand out the side of the room and I'll just talk. And let me tell you something. I will kind of call you about two weeks ago. I still have I saw my testicle. I went over there. I went over there. I walked. Yeah, I'm a testicle. I'm a career in Iceland. Yeah, I saw your testicle. Yeah, because they gave me 10 stitches. They said I had something there. And they took it out. But before that, they told me I had a hernia. I had a hernia operation. They took that out. I had the same pain. And I got to this doctor. He felt they did the operation on my desk. Cool. Put the ice on it. Now they sent me for cabs. And now they sent me for the. What's that? Nothing. A bone skin. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. That is right. Keep there. I'll put you to half. Yeah. Don't let him go near you, man. Okay. All right. Thank you. Wow. Did he say he's got ice on his nuts? Is that what he said? Uh-huh. Open line and draw. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pounder. Wasn't that a jewelry rental song? Ice in my nuts? Or rat in my room. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Screw, Congress. Bring back a little Tommy Dettemberg. You know something? You're the thing. He's still a rose biggest asshole. Right. Tommy Dettemberg. Tommy Dettemberg. Thank you. You love you. Oh, you should have heard by the way, Henry from IOD. Tell me last night the stories about fat boy and the stuff that he pulled over there. And why they were so anxious to get him out of there. And he thinks that what's the guy Andy and he scored. One of the 20 sales managers they got over there with the queer channel. He thinks that he was desperate to get him out of there at any under any circumstances. And so they played a little bit of a trick on us. They were all, yeah. They said, hey, screw in. When I kind of like to screw up your sales department, here's a real great guy. Real fun to fun. As long as I live, I'll never forget today that he came modeling to that door. Oh, man. It's felt like a goddamn earthquake. You could see the earth move under your meat. Where do you find that chaplain? Right where do you got it? Got it. Fort Spring, you'll five, six, eight, eight out. I'm so John, I really guess my panties in a lot. George, you were four, eight, my three kids, big broots, you're so nice. These uncertain sides. George, you were four days, my three kids ripped a son of a bitch. Don't give him no shit. Take the balls like me, he's got a great deal for you, who's in a brand new set of wheels. If you got a ball to hit a ball, just remember that he won't take your crap. See, George, George, four days, my three kids, big dad, you can't beat. You won't find no cheese. Don't give him no. George, you're four days, but he's six, so I'm a little bit. One, 28, I'm five, 60, W, Q, A, I didn't want to play that. He loaded that in there. I had other things I wanted to do, like the speed racer thing that we never got a chance to get to. One thing I was that I don't even remember two weeks ago. Two weeks ago, I found this speed racer thing by the alpha team that I found one of these CDs that they were going to throw out out here. Some radio stations, somewhere had to play that. So we'll play that after the next break. More appropriate today. It is more appropriate today because everyone talks about this as a swing bus thing. All day long, people off the air were calling up, telling you stories off the air about this, that people who were there at the time, people who had been there, who had frequented this place trap. He's the juicy any of it on the news. Yes, I did. Very plush. Very nice. That's a beautiful dance floor. Beautiful dance floor. Light plants. Everything. Very plush. And I had a occasion to go to one place. And I was going to talk to the owner of the place that I visited on a couple of occasions. Once when we were over at IOD because when they had the sex talk show going on over there with their summers, they used to go the producer. Go to hook up radio station employees and they would all go and I went on one of those occasions with all of the radio station people. We just observed. You know that a lot of people go there to observe and that was us. And yes, I went with the wife took the wife very, very up and up. We're not swingers yet. I say that because you know, I'm off for it. I'm Rick Raren to go because you know us men, you know, we're men. We wanted, we wanted all. She's a little bit sheepish. I'm scary. I can talk brave. But while I'm there, the thought scares the hell out of me. I take my clothes off in front of a whole bunch of other people. It's not scared me. So obviously I wasn't drunk enough. I needed a machine because she could stay none of these guys here are good looking enough. And I kept saying have another drink on and they'll get better looking right away. So we want again to this other place. And the reason I keep referring to this other place as another place is because I talked to the owner today. I was going to have them on the phone for this little George Hath hour. Talk to this owner of this other place where people go to have fun. And he didn't want the place mentioned. The name mentioned they're on the phone with lawyers all day long. Got everybody crap in their pants and people calling off the hour all day long. They didn't want to go on the air talking about how horrible this whole thing is. Crapping their pants that don't want their voices heard because now. All of a sudden it's illegal and nobody knew that it was illegal. Except apparently it's not illegal. Did you see you saw the report on the news and the guy they were talking to the guy from BSO. BSO must be very bored lately. I must explain that ticket that I got yesterday. Thank you very much to guy was very nice. He got me in and out very quickly. He gave me my ticket really fast. He must have noticed that I was in a hurry so he gave me the ticket really fast. No must know. No but I'll be calling the ticket defense team right after the show. Ignore those these people run cold. Wait and talk to Neil right. All that line four. All that line four. Oh, I just hung up on them. Are you still there online four? Hey George Hath hour. Hey hold on. So I'll talk to that person. Everybody else they wanted to talk to Neil about God knows what. I wanted to reset especially that guy from Naples. I'm sure he was a crank. So all these people calling off the air. The owner doesn't want his name on the air. They don't want the name of the place on the air while they're talking to the lawyers. Oh, I distracted myself. The cops that they were talking to on the news was saying. And I'm quoting this. Well, there's a statute on the books that it's against the law for people to have sex in front of. Other people. That's what he said. And I'm quoting almost exactly in pretty sure I don't know who this. So the what? I have you ever heard of such a thing in your life. Now they do have the sawdemy laws that are still on the book. So I'm thinking maybe it's one of those old archaic things. But I can't imagine these old colonists type. These old codgers actually sitting down there and writing, you know, sawdemy. That's a word. It's in the Bible. We all know it. It's not a me. All right. We'll just make that against the law. But to actually write a law that says you can't have sex in front of other people. And this is of course, it's private property. And for those of you people who've never visited. They they charge you to get in. They charge you not mean when you're, you know, big radio star or associated with one. They want you in their so you'll talk about them on the air, which I was going to do. But they don't want their name mentioned. They they not only do they charge you yearly dues, but they charge you like 75 bucks a month. At least that's what they said on the news for this one place in particular. 75 bucks to get in that night for the couple. So it's not slipper's going in there. They have nice cards, valley parking. The place that we went to. And the last time we went, we were guests of that old gold thing. And of course, you know, being fun loving adventures people and. And interesting things happen there. You would have loved it. We're going to get a station group. To go to this place in question that I can't talk about. But the hat. No, I don't want to go with this engineer hat is hanging on the wall. No, no, the the the nice people, the cool people will get some cool people going because when the other met a block of room upstairs. You don't get what I'm talking about. They're not all men upstairs or downstairs that matter. Nevertheless, groups of the station people would go there from the other place, the wonderful aisle. And the producers, we had a producer that was ugly as thin and he. He was a accomplished something there. He was just sitting in the hot tub, mining his own business. And he encountered a sucker fish or a cash fish. I don't know what you want to call it. He was just sitting there mining his own business and he got bit under the water. For something like that, that was the story. And this guy's. But ugly. This guy was, but ugly. No longer employed there or anything like that. So. And by the way for the swingers out there that are thinking, oh, if you guys are coming without dates, I always brought woman. I always brought a woman or or more than one with me. We had a great group that went to the place for one time. And all we did was dance. We danced. We drank. And we even had management there. And no one I want to name. So it was a great time. These are these were fun. Nice people. Nobody's touching you. Nobody's making you feel uncomfortable. Nobody's coming up and putting their hands on you. Nothing like that. We were just all drinking. Dance and having a good time. And occasionally, you know, a couple or a group would take off. And take off out of the dance floor room and go off into the other back room. And that's it. Big deal. Big deal. And now all of a sudden it's against the law. And all these people are crap in their pants. The people are coming out of the club covering their faces up. People don't want to come on the air. The owner doesn't even want the name of this place mentioned. They're pulling all the advertisement because. Because apparently they're very miserable people out there. That's the only thing that I can come up with. They can explain it. And miserable people enjoy making other people miserable. Instead of trying to find something fun to do in their life. If you're not as happy people, they really don't don't. If with anybody at all, I've got this thing loaded up. I keep forgetting. Nice people. Fun people. People who are having fun times in their life. People who are happy don't. With people. Generally speaking. It's the unhappy people. The people that can't seem to accomplish. Becoming happy in their lives. It has to find a way to. Fuck with other people and ruin other people's good times. So I don't know where this whole thing got started. Except to say that BSO must be really, really bored lately. I didn't know that they did speed traps. I thought that was the highway patrol in the city top. And that's what I ran into yesterday. For the speed trap. Boko. Hello. Yeah, so it's your douchebag. Yeah, thank you very much. No new Yorkers today, by the way. That guy wasn't. But I knew that that was going to be a crank. That was the rule. Yeah. You know. And I might do the know Julio's thing also. After the first, you know, a bag of Julio calls up. I might do that also. But I'm just having a problem lately with people who can't say their are. You're all keeping me up to the call of a prejudice thing. And today, if you can't say your ares, if you talk like Barbara Walters, you can't go on the air. Sorry, I put you on hold earlier. Hey, how are you? All right. Listen, you know, I was stationed through the any army and other countries. And other countries, they live a very free style lifestyle. But they're crying. We're free to then like Saudi Arabia. We have more freedom than, you know, I racked. I personally was stationed in Korea. Okay. And when you go off post to Korea, when you were off post and you were in Seoul and other, you know, in other other little cities, we used to go on these little bars. And they never bothered you. Nobody bothered you. But if you met someone and you wanted to go to a back room with a bunch of people, then you know something, you just go. And you'd have to worry about FBI's coming and rating you or anything to nature. I mean, if you're stupid enough not to have safe sex or safe, however you were doing, or what you were doing, then you're pissing us. But is this country, you have to even watch with bar you go to because you don't know where you're going to get raided? Oh, yeah. I can imagine, you know, once on by accident, we went to a lesbian bar. We didn't know. We were just driving around some friends and, you know, wanted to stop and get a drink. And here was this place. Look nice on the outside walked in there. You know, your, your, your, your eyes don't adjust to the light right away. You're right. You just got your first drink and you wonder why are all these women giving me dirty look. But my point is this is this is the thing I'm worried about is why are we worried about what cruise ship goes out and how much money people are gambling? Why are we worried about who's, what bars people are going to do? Why don't we worry about people that are getting stabbed on the street on southbeep just having dinner? Why don't we worry about things like that and, and, and, and worried about if you're going to go away, 70 and to 65 and speed trap people, it's just the problem is is the government and especially this city and County, all they're worried about is how much money they can generate through tickets. And I'm so, I'm so tired of it, you can't, you can't even go out of your street corner with a top, not waiting for you to speed. I mean, it's not like I speed all around the place, but you know, something may be I'm going to hurry. Yeah. You don't, I'm saying. Germany. And they ought upon. All right. That's all I can say is miserable people wanting to make other people miserable. Here's an idea. If you're miserable, why don't you do something to try to make yourself happy instead of trying to bring other people down to your miserable level? Why don't you go out and have some fun? Go to the beach, go to a movie, go see a show. Isn't this the entertainment capital of the world or something? I'm sorry. I'm getting confused. 22 till 2 on QAM. Uncut wonder boy at the array. George. God, you're a fucking kidding me. Why the fuck are you doing this at the edge of a picture? He has eaten so quickly! It's not just his brain's brain's shit. Oh, you see that you all go? Come on. Come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Quick seat. Come on. Come on. Oh, come on. Quick. Quick. Quick. Come on. Be quick. Come on. Come on. Come on. Get up. Come on. Come on. mira oh 15.2 on 5.60 WQA. So I'd like to know what radio station was playing that because I kind of off of one of those hit CDs that they send to all the stations. A lot of hits on one CD at least that's what they want to accomplish. So I can start listening to that radio station but I never heard that before. And Joe and I said the same thing, we could have done that. We could have thought of that but we didn't that's why we're smug producer boys. So nobody, oh if I don't get any calls by the way we have some mono featuring mono, we have mono today for the audience. Have we heard of these people? mono? Oh that's fluffy clouds, that's later. It's starting really slow. It's like like a like portus head. Do you like portus head? I don't know what portus head is. Oh you got to listen to more KBS for a few months. Portus head. This theory is withdrawn. It's like, I don't know it's like portious sounding like something. It's best that I can use it in this part. Hopefully more mono later if we don't get any calls talking about a wire people so goddamn miserable. So the swinging thing, yeah I'm a swinger one of you. I like myself to the guy walking around the swimming pool, sticking to toe and going, oh it's cold but in the meantime the pool's full of people splashing around having a really really good time apparently and you want to you want to have that kind of fun too but basically we're we're cowardly. The wife and I very cowardly. And also we kind of let ourselves go over the years but we're in training. Got that home gym that Joe Castello was using when he was over my house the other day. I like that home gym. You got to turn around and talk to me ignore these people. Great. It's a great home gym. Took me hours to put it together and we're using it. It's no disc we're in training. It's no disco. I wanted to disco for the living room but we have a home gym and we're using it because we let ourselves go over the years and I have no idea why we let ourselves go over the years but nevertheless we did put on a couple pounds and got soft so we're in training. I'm getting my nerve up. See right now we're just like every other couple in the world where we just screw around and then lie. We want to take it to the next level because we don't have any of these kind of moral hangups that the church going crowd has. So maybe some people have to tips about how to get the wife going a little bit faster except to possibly give her more booze which is the only thing I can come up with. My any hello. Hey I know a judge. All right. Hey you're speaking to speech rest. A couple years ago I was in the speech out coming home. I lived down a long stretch and I got me. He was a metrodeur off. So you're talking about BSL and he calls me over and I'm sitting there and taking a look at I must say hey you look down the street from me. Don't you? I did say that. Turns out the guy lives down the street from us and the thing is that everybody speaks down this long stretch of road. It's like a mile an hour for you to get to where I live. Right. But the speed limit is like 30 miles an hour. Yeah that was my yeah. Yeah so you come home and you don't want to see anything. Exactly what was going on yesterday was one of these short cuts. It was a through street. Everybody flies you know going 50 down this road but it's 30. You guys are neighbor. I mean he lives around us and he's given out tickets to his neighbor. You think it's a vendetta? I don't know. I mean I talked to guys I live around and I'm like you know what's up and he's like yeah you know my sister got one no my father got one I'm flipping out about it. Also a couple not a month ago a couple weeks ago I got I got one in Brower but the top is pretty nice. It was a with a pine jeffs. I told him I want to have my license and go. That's a very nice in the pint when they give you tickets. Well he gave me a ticket for no license or a five bucks and I got rid of it. I call somebody at douchebag please. Yeah go ahead. Oh I'm sorry. What happened to him? I was just a little bit a little bit itchy. I don't know why. By the way thank you to the sub center Chuck and Neesey. I want to say hello to Neesey because she doesn't get talked about enough at least as she keeps telling me the meals and say enough nice things about her because she makes all of our food. She's the one that actually physically makes our food with the rubber gloves. Not to worry about it. She's cute. She's a cute. She's a cute. As a matter of fact she's on my extra marital affair list. Maybe Neesey could come with us. Okay. Okay we'll put her on the list. Well I heard her when we do this thing when we when we do the the week and a day show when we hoard the show properly make a shopping list okay we're gonna whore the show out because these people don't care they don't know what's going on on the air and they don't care. I mean and if you look at the log and and you know because you look at logs and you help run these spots up there's so many trades on this log and we have no idea why and we could go into it which ones are trade but there are things on here that that we don't know why they're they're trade you look at them and you have no idea why are these things are on the log and who is getting whatever it is that the station is getting for these things you know. Trapies is on there and host train oh yeah oh man I wish I had no idea that place was so nice on the inside I don't want to spend all day talking about them I wanted to talk about our friends with the hat see the hat hanging up behind you that's what we're gonna go because they're very nice people to us there but we can't mention their name they're all scared to death they're taking giant craps in their pants mobile in Miami hello hi George a couple of things first of all at the time I got a B.F.L.S. glass name is more and I want to say Walter is his first name but he is the director of something I'd never heard of before strategic investigation division that that's the guy that I saw on TV yeah well the must-dad she wouldn't double talk talk about while that doesn't exist in their news release they said that they were acting on a complaint yeah that's about a mile not even a mile time now now here here's a funny thing that's that's that's hysterical because we had people calling off the earth that didn't want to talk that said that these undercover cops came in and playing clothes looked around made note of who was having sex came back left came back later with the the SWAT team with the masks yeah can you I mean talk about intimidation how would you like to be naked doing something here comes a guy with a ski mask uh you know to bust your ass for uh for having sex so my understanding the laws when people make complaints about these things the cop in question can't be the person making the complaint yeah well the the circumstances can place that's in a little strip mall there is a solune that's British owned uh and uh a couple of little businesses in there that parking lot that's open uh you know when the place opens I think at Avacloit it nice it's mob but who's gonna complain the guys in the solune they don't care right so I'm kind of curious about there's no residential area around that you know what they could build a place like this right next door to me the one that we visited they had the valet parking all the cars were nice it wasn't like uh uh you know like there was prostit I mean think about how ridiculous it is plot prostitution going on outside or around this place well it's not prostitutes you I know but I mean horse would starve outside of a swing club there's free sex going on inside why would you have prostitution outside of it well I also suspect that one of the reasons is that this SWAT team had their faces cut close the judging from those who were arrested some of those folks might be patrons well they were there were a couple of police officers and other police uh that was a forward lot of the cop is white was an Oakland part police right union employee and the BSO uh corrections mine in their own business having a good time well I only got 24 and this one the other one I got popped uh early in the month was 31 people to plan more okay there yeah thank you sir okay 182 560 WQAM